"The reason is obvious when so many reviews are posted here for an otherwise utilitarian, low-price item.  These scissors are good, but they are not the best I have every owned.  I would not have taken the time to ever write about scissors if it were not to make this counterpoint."
"[...]

The scissors cut very smoothly and doesn't stick to a variety of things when cutting -- even clear packaging tape. It slices through plastic clam shell packaging easily, cardboard, and the cut is always nice and clean."
"I am comparing the Scotch Premium Ultra Edge, 8 Inch (1458TG) (green and white handle) to the less expensive Scotch Precision Scissor, 8 Inch (1448) (red and very dark gray handle).

The Ultra Edge scissors are slightly smoother and cut cleaner. For the scissor fanatic the slight difference would be noticeable over time. And I believe the titanium blades help the scissors from ""gumming up"" when cutting tape, stickers and the like.

I do like the different colored handles on the various (5 different models appear to exist) Scotch scissors; keeps think exciting and not ""overly orange"" ... you scissors people know what I mean."
"What's to say about a scissors, especially after frequent and sometimes abusive use?

In this instance, ""Good as new.""

Since its arrival, this scissors has been placed in the kitchen area where it assists various meal preparations when not being used to open letters and packages, cut string, remove articles from newspapers and magazines, and in countless other ways expedite efficient completion of basic tasks.

Given what it does and how well it does it, we think it is quite a bargain."
"The scissors themselves are good, but I expected to get the Blue dot in the middle, as pictured, and they sent me ones with a green dot."
best scissors...last pair lasted me for a few years
These are the best scissors I've ever bought. Definitely a step up from standard Office Depot type scissors. Very sharp and sturdy.
Not sharp. I wasn't expecting much for the price. I bought them to tide me over while I research good quality kitchen shears.
"You get a pair of great scissors! And YOU get a pair of scissors! EVERYBODY GETS A PAIR OF SCISSORS!
Fulfill your Oprah fantasy with this three-pack of great, sharp scissors. Big Dave gets the pink ones, because that's his color. These are not for inexperienced cutters."
These have been working well! I needed good scissors for cutting tape and these have been working like a charm!
Best scissors around.
Not anything special.
Great scissors.
great
Very nice scissors that hold up very well.  I've had them for over a year now and they are still sharp and cut well.  I would recommend these scissors.
Just as described.
"These scissors cut through paper just fine, but they really struggle with everything else -- I can't use them as my 'go-to' scissors like I had planned. It takes a few snips to get through thread, it takes effort to trim band aids into custom shapes because the blades fold the fabric rather than cut it, and it's a struggle to get through packing tape. Even my cheap folding scissors with inch-long blades have more versatility than this set, so I will be shopping for something else."
"Good scissors. nice comfortable handles, hold up well to being washed in the sink."
What a great price on these scissors. They are sharp and I am glad I bought them.
"Very sharp. non-sticking is not very noticeable. The metal is not very rigid, so not a good choice for hard substance (e.g., cardboard boxes)."
Sharp!
thanx
They glide great.
Nice scissors! Good price!
"These are great scissors, light weight, colorful handles and are great IF the only thing you are cutting is paper. Does not cit any other material well including fabric which was the main reason I purchased them. I relied on other's reviews before buying, my bad. Pay a ;its;e more and get quality. Lesson learned."
best pair of scissors I've own! does the job
My new favorite scissors.  They truly don't stick with duct tape and other sticky surfaces.
Work great for everything I use them for
"I love these scissors, I have purchased a few boxes of them now, they are great."
Worst scissors I ever purchased.  They would not cut anything but paper.  Don't waste your money.
Worked great for a while. The screws holding the blades together keep loosening and the blades dulled quickly
"Comfortable to hold, and more than sharp enough for cutting paper."
Great sharp scissors for the office
The hinge screw keeps coming loose on these scissors. They are great in the fact that they are staying very sharp but I don't like having to tighten the hinge screw so often.
"Amazingly great scissors.  Feel great in the hand, well balanced, insanely sharp and look great."
Sharp and sturdy.
"I've owned many different brands and styles of scissors in the past, these are by far the best.

I use them for general purpose, around the office, kitchen and garage, from cutting anything from plastic to wires, etc.

I've had these for over 6 years now and they look and function like new.  The blades do not have a single nick in them and the handles are in good shape as well."
The best stocking stuffers for my granddaughters who are always borrowing mine. Different colors puts the end to squabbling over ownership.
"These are some solid, sharp scissors. They work great and have been used frequently in an office over the past year without losing effectiveness. Definitely recommend over standard scissors."
Love them
Just what I was expecting. Works well!
These non stick (and very sharp) scissors are great ! I use them every day for my crafting.
Good scissors for general cutting use.  Arrived on time.
"Great sharp set of 3 scissors, mine are still nice and sharp after many months of use.  Would buy these again"
Leave it to 3M.  These are quality scissors have a good solid feel and construction.  Highly recommended.
"These scissors are sharp sharp sharp, and easy to hold. Love them so far, but the proof will be in how they do in the long run. More to come."
"These are easy to hold, and feel very sharp. And they were easy to open and close. Also they have an adjusting screw in the center to adjust the tension."
Nice and sharp.
"The reason why I bought these is because the medication I was on made my hair fall out somewhat and I ordered a special wig that I need to apply within the tape is extremely sticky and this thing will stay on permanently that's how sticky this glue tape is and these scissors are amazing I can cut the tape don't have to worry about the residue on the scissors and it's an amazing thing

And between these scissors and my wig and the tape I can go out in public and people think my hair is real because the wig was made with my real hair it was my actual hair taken and then made into this real hair wig so yeah

Plus I suffer from bipolar agoraphobia so I don't go out much anyway and my looks or something I'm afraid of cuz I also suffer from the disease called body dysmorphism so these scissors really helped out a lot to cut the strips I need so I can apply my wig when I need to"
My favorite scissors! This is my second pair. I ordered them to keep at the office. They're strong and cut through cardboard a lot easier then most other scissors.
good scissors
"Great quality, one of the best scissors ive Used. I also like the variety of colors"
Good but get heavy if you cut a lot.
"Bought these about 18 months ago, yeah that's been a while, but they've gotten VERY little use. Amazing how dull they are today, can barely cut paper. Inexpensive but that's about the only thumbs up."
Love these. Super sharp and 8 months later they are still as sharp and when I got them. That is amazing to me especially because Ive used them to cut different meterials. I see these holding up for years.
"Have gone through so many scissors, these are great!"
"Had high hopes for getting three good pairs of scissors at a decent price, but two years later, all but one pair are in the landfill. Out of the box, the scissors work nicely for light duty stuff - cutting single sheets of paper, etc. Within a year of use, all of the scissors had gotten a little loose, so any cutting required putting inward pressure on the handles while cutting. The scissors are connected with cheap rivets, not screws, so there is no way to tighten the scissors when they inevitably get loose. Then the plastic colored plugs over the rivets fell out. Ultimately, they just stop cutting well at all. If you need some disposable scissors for a limited time or a special event, these will do, but don't expect them to last more than a year or two."
"okay for the price, not super sharp, but decent quality for everyday use."
"I love them.  Really sharp, easy to handle."
"They're pointy, sharp scissors, not sure what else to say. I'm right handed, so not sure if lefties could use them comfortably. But I got a great deal on them during some Prime event or other, and they've cut everything I've asked them to so far. I'm not cutting anything exotic, just fabric or thread or paper mostly."
High quality sizzors!
They stick and break easy
I like these scissors as they are functional and are of decent quality.  I use them all the time for anything I need to cut and they always get the job done.
"Excellent scissors that are ergonomic and easy blade action that makes cutting quite easy. Most scissors are difficult to close ( incl expensive Fiskars), while these are smooth and easy to hold. Wish they made a Larger Size in this same model & design. another quality product by 3M Corp !"
Exactly what i Needed!
No idea how I managed without for so many years!
"I like everything about these scissors!  Lightweight, sharp good looking, fair price!"
Handle is fairly comfortable if a bit small.  The scissors are NOT non-stick.  Address labels leave a sticky residue pretty much immediately...
these are by far my favorite scissors. they cut with ease and I can use them for many projects with out worry of damage. I bought this also as a gift for my mother in law since she does card making. I highly recommend these!!!
Works well
"The scissors is a bit heavy, but works perfect."
Quality product
Good scissors. It appears they are good quality and will last a long time.
"It's been TWO years since I bought these for my household. Sometimes one or two will go missing for several weeks, so glad it came as a 3 pack.
They've held up to our basic house hold use. They are the best scissors we've had since the early 90's, when our 1970's scissors fell apart.

but they are still not as good as those scissors from the 1970's...."
Ordered set of 3 because we always took scissor from one room to another. Now I have kept one in every room and no more searching for scissors.
they were suppose to stay sharp and they went dull fast
very happy
Bought for shears to cut fabric.  One of the worst cutting scissors I have purchased.  DO NOT purchase.  Learn from me.
Great sissors!
"These are of solid build-quality, the action is very smooth, the handles are very comfortable, and the blades seem almost surgically sharp. My sincere hope that these last a very long time."
Very nice.
Nice and sharp!
Sharp. Good quality. Cuts stuff. I have bought this same pack multiple times now for the office. I think some of them are wandering home with employees they are so good...
"Everything sticks to these blades. They cut well, but I bought them so that I could cut thin sheets of self adhesive craft foam. I have to continuously wipe them off. I haven't been this disappointed in an item!"
"Love these and nothing sticks to them. I have 3 pair and they are used for different things. Paper, crafts, bandages"
Excellent scissors
Merely okay
"These are quite good. I don't feel that they are ""precision"" because I've had a few fairly obviously ""cutable"" things torque in my hand and slip between the blades. Also, I have big, meaty hands, so, while I appreciate the room these offer (they don't pinch like most scissors I use), I wish there were even more.

Undeniably good scissors. I don't feel like I can give five (out of five) stars, but these are darned close."
Really needed some good scissors.  Going to have to keep these ones in mind since they've spoiled my family by actually cutting instead of mangling.
"Awesome scissors. They feel like they are of a very high quality. Use one in my office, one for house work related 'stuff' and one in the kitchen. And nothing has stuck to them yet. Highly recommend."
My new favorite scissors.
"Our old, old scissors were just not worth it anymore. We needed at least three for the kitchen to open packages and to cut mail and one for the office and bathroom. I read the reviews and these were in the budget. They are sharp and very ergonomically correct. They are easy to use and don't cause your hand to hurt by weird angles as other scissors have done. I like how they are different colors so they can be kept in each room. They fit in small places for storage. I am happy with this purchase!"
Fast ship & great product
No complaints
"Comes as advertised. Sharp edge for cutting, doesn't gum up like normal scissors if cutting through anything sticky, and smooth lever action."
"I find the other Scotch 8inch scissor work better than these titanium scissors. Cutting papers and thinner stack is okay but if it is used for cutting thicker stack or thicker fabric, it doesn't cut very well."
This is a great set of scissors. They are well made and I think will last a long time.
Good scissors!
Very Sharp good quality for price
"Excellent product, 100% satisfied."
"These are my favorite scissors for everyday use, except as kitchen shears. I've purchased this a few times already. I have a pair for myself and anytime I see people with a dull pair of scissors, I buy them these as a gift--everyone who has them absolutely loves them. Its like using a sharp knife instead if a dull one, same concept!"
Trash in my opinion. Can't cut much at all. Dull and not at all well made. Really don't understand why this has a good rating. Disappointed:(
I got this for the kids and they said that it works great.
"These are superlative: they are sharp, easy to handle, nice-looking, and excellent value. I have wasted money on other scissors (usually for the kitchen -- why are good kitchen scissors so hard to manufacture?) when I should simply have bought another pair of these. If you want a good general-purpose pair, look no farther!"
Great scissors! Definitely a food buy
Great!
"The best scissors for office use. These scissors rock.  Don't buy the cheap knock-offs, spend a little more and get these."
"Quality wasn't as good as I hoped, not impressed"
"I love these scissors! They are absolutely amazing at cutting through things, including cardboard. They stay sharp for a long time (I have a pair I've had for about 3 years, and they still cut great!)"
I ruined my coworker's scissors and so I bought her a replacement pair.
great scissors
"These are so sharp they're basically fabric shears!! I purchased these set of three because my dad always ""loots"" supplies from my room and they always disappear, never to be seen again. I was expecting these to be of ""eh"" quality because of the price but holy hell they're sharp and they stay sharp for a long time! I've cut numerous rolls of tape, paper, cloth, pleather, string, etc. and it's still sharp enough to cleanly cut fabric! Sadly One pair has already disappeared, but good thing I can easily restock for a great price!

These are very comfortable to use and durable, for sure. If you need to sharpen them (I haven't sharpened these ones yet, but I have sharpened other scissors. shears, and knives) I run these through various grits of whetstones from low to high (800-2000). Buffing is optional for me since scissors disappear left and right in my household.

Highly recommended. If you don't have scissors or are looking to replace them, these are the ones to get."
"These are nice, sharp, and inexpensive. I'd buy them again (but I hope I don't have to)."
I liked these
"Nice sharp shears, better than expected for the price."
Better than other scissors.  Cuts when others will not.
good deal
Sharp and great colors
An excellent set of utility sissors.
Wow really sharp & great. Best scissors  I've ever had.
nice and sharp!
"Very efficient for cutting cloth, paper, food items, etc, and the color coding helps with not losing them among usual sets of scissors that tend to be black."
"The scissors look authentic and work nice, however, does not seem to be brand new as there are some fingerprint-like stains on them, and the titanium coating does not seem to be evenly applied as you can see different color shade on the blade."
These are as sharp as the warning on the box says.  They have worked fine for cutting fleece from our lamas.
"super sharp and strong, helps us get our orders out in record time"
Love scissors collect them have well over a hundred now
Not as great as I'd hoped. The pair I use for cutting paper was dull at the end of a couple weeks. Not very happy with these scissors.
the tip end of the scissors is too dull to cut kinesiology tape. Don't recommend to buy it.
Nothing special.  Average and not very sharp.
"Love these scissors! Super sharp, cut through anything we've tried so far with nice straight lines. 10x better than the old ones we had! Probably the best scissors we have ever owned!"
Gift
"I have a pair of $55 German scissors. These are certainly as sharp and even smoother. For anyone who appreciates what I'm talking about, they have a gratifying 'snick' sound. Considering the price, they deserve a 6th star."
"These are good, but I actually expected something a little cleaner (I don't know how to describe it). Blades are sharp, but the rest is kind of rough. Good as extra scissors, but not what I was expecting (which were extra fabric scissors)."
"Thes scissors have rusted.  We are not happy with these defective 3 pair which never cut and now are rusted.  Shame, shame shame."
"I happened to receive the pink pair, which in my opinion is an odd color pair with brown. The scissors work great though and at a fantastic price, so no reason to complain about aesthetics."
I like these scissors.  Good grip and they have been working well so far!
Great quality scissors. Noticeable cutting difference from cheap discount store versions.
Work well and sharp!  Love them!
"A little expensive, but they work great."
Great product
Very disappointed says it also comes with 3 eight inch scissors are also in the package. Only one pair was included.
Superb.
Was perfect to restock for the holidays and they work great.  I sent them as a gift.
These are some sharp scissors! Me likey. Hopefully I don't lose them in the blackhole of my house with my other 70 pairs of scissors. WHERE DO THEY ALL GO???
My husband related he didn't know scissors could cut that well.  I did and I'm glad I pushed to buy more expensive scissors.  I was so happy with them that I threw out my moms twenty year old crappy scissors and returned to buy her a set too.  I've been using these scissors for over a year and I'm still very happy with them.
Sturdy cuts well and good to get three for various needs and convenience in my home
"Super sharp, and comfortable grip."
Great quality!
Super sharp.  High quality
"Work great as a cheap pair of kitchen scissors.  Would not work well for sewing as they weren't super sharp, but for general use (opening packages, cutting paper) they work well."
Scissors stay sharp and are very efficient in cutting stacks of paper.
great bargain! going to get another set soon!
"I have been using these workhorse scissors for over a year now, I think. I use them in a factory and office setting. They are equally fabulous to cut up paper as they are to rip open boxes like a utility knife (who has time for that?). I loved getting a set of 3 because my husband immediately took a pair, and I socked one away for future use while I pulverize the pair I'm using now. They are tough and stay sharp no matter the punishment given to them. I think they would do well on fabric, too, based on how sharp they've stayed cutting paper all this time."
"Their scissors and they cut well. I don't know that I would say they are the best scissors you could buy but for the price I paid for the 3 pack, they were a great value and still sharp and cutting more than a year later."
Sharp and do a good job.
Good
they are very good for what I use them for
Item as described - fast shipping - thanks!
"The scissors work great so far, although I have only used them a couple of times. Based on the description and pictures, I expected the blades to be brown and the handles to be black like shown in the photos. However, the handles are also brown and not two-tone black/white as shown in the photos."
"Good price, very sharp. The blades are a bit flimsy. I had a difficult time cutting nylon zip ties with them."
I really like these scissors. Handles are very comfortable.
"Very nice scissors. Perfect size, lightweight but sharp!"
"Very satisfied with these scissors!  The titanium fused blades are sharp, and have a quality feel.  I have to cut through a lot of labels, tape etc for work, and so far these scissors have truly been 'non-stick' which is great.  The (rubberized?) 'comfort grip' handles are indeed very comfortable to hold as well.  Definitely recommend."
economical and very good.
Excellent quality scissors at a great price !!!
"Nice set of scissors, ease of use."
Not the quqlity I expected. One pair was so tight I just disposed og it. The other two are OK
"Extremely sharp, accurate cuts, comfortable design, colorful.  Who could ask for more?"
Good quality for the price
"so bad product It couldn't cut the paper to so funny ,do not buy this item"
Good fit for my hand and cuts well!
"I've been looking for scissors for crafting, including a pair for duct tapes.  this seems to fit the bill.  Seems to do a great job without the sticky goo sticking on the blades.  Seems to be better than the Fiskars Crafts Duct Edition which I also purchased through Amazon."
okay
"So these are actually too non-stick for my needs.  I meant to use them for cell phone repair, cutting small strips of tape.  My other ""non-stick"" scissors, the tape will actually stick to the blade after I cut it.  Normal scissors don't really work at all because the blades get stuck on the adhesive and cause loads of problems.  These however, the piece of tape just goes flying away because the blades are so non-stick...able(?), which is bad news for a lot of other reasons.

...they're also ugly.  Sorry for scissor-shaming, but we can't all be beautiful--embrace your other areas of awesomeness, my dear incredibly non-sticky, ugly scissors."
I love these. reasonably solid and cost effective.
"Great set of scissors!
Only used around the office but so far so good!"
Holds the edge very well
Not as good of siscors as I was expecting
great to have plenty around the kitchen.
Great! Everything I expected scissors to be.
As advertised.
Great items and beautiful packing job.
Good for the price.  Not for heavy duty use.
had these for 2 months and dull already....junk...purchased from target.
They work beautifully.  A good buy.
Very good scissors!
"it's ok. works on paper and anything else you can rip with your hands. doesn't work well cutting blister pack packaging. wish i only bought the one pack, but trust in the Scotch brand name and though they would be great."
Items description does not justify if this is truly a left handed scissors.
"Just have reasonable expectations, and chances are you will be delighted with these. They are probably not too useful on cloth; but on paper, light-to-medium cardboard, light plastics, packaging tape, wrapping paper, etc., they work fantastic. It's nice to have a color-coded set, because you can distribute them around the house and thereby have a better chance of keeping track of where they are located (or should be located). They are smooth in operation, and cut paper items well. One person asked about washing them in the dishwasher: I would never do that. If you find you need to clean them, use Windex and a cloth. A dab of oil on the joint might be helpful over time. Also--and this is a ""trick"" that sometimes people are not aware of--is that, if your scissors over time seem to get dull, before you blame the scissors, look carefully at the blades. If you have been repeatedly using these to cut packing tape, the glue from the tape can slowly migrate to the blades, and they don't cut as well. That means it's time to clean them. Hot water will help, along with cloth, even an old electric toothbrush head connected to your electric toothbrush, may bring them back to life and restore much of their sharpness. (You'll notice the ""glue effect"" buildup mostly when you aere cutting gift paper, and try to do a clean ""run"" of cutting: if they don't do that well, chances are you have buildup on the blades.

So, are these the best scissors in the world? Of course not. If you want those, particularly for hair cutting, go directly to the Solingen brand (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ergo-Silver-Star-Hair-Scissor-Shears-5-625-Inches-Hollow-Ground-Ice-Tempered-Stainless-Steel-Made-in-Solingen-Germany/dp/B01MF9ZROA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ergo Silver Star Hair Scissor Shears, 5.625 Inches, Hollow Ground, Ice-Tempered Stainless Steel, Made in Solingen, Germany</a>) and you'll see what REAL scissors can be like. But for general, around the house use, from everything from paper, to opening boxes, to wrapping gifts, to sealing boxes with shipping tape, you can't beat these. The price is right, you get three of them, they are color coded, comfortable, and of decent quality. Have reasonable expectations and purchase the type of scissors you need, and you'll likely be completely satisfied."
Cut good but could be a little sharper.
very nice sharp sizzers
"SUPER sharp scissors! If I lost these, I'd buy them again - they cut through everything easily. The grips are comfortable and big (but not too big!)"
Good scissors.  Good value.
Feels awkerd in a standard size mans hand
Great scissors!  Would definitely buy again.
"Very sharp scissors, love it"
Standard scissors. Works well. Used these to cut up old credit cards too. Packaged well (individual plastic).
"Best scissors I've ever had. In fact, I like them so much that I've just bought them again. Very sharp. Tough metal, and the plastic handles seem bonded to the metal very securely. Good colors which works well for me to have scissors in different rooms...if they get moved I know where they belong."
"Nice, Sharp scissors"
Used them for a while now and have stayed sharp. Good collection to have.
Good set of scissors for the junk drawer.
"Pretty, pretty, pretty good, for the price. Sharp. Cheerful colors. And a quite nice grippy, siliconish ""comfort"" coating on finger-holes."
"Really great scissors for school kits.  The price is great and quality seems just as good.
The colors make it great to know where they are kept and /or who they belong to."
"For the price, these scissors are a great value and extremely well constructed."
So glad I made this choice!  I was a little nervous about quality because the price is so good.  But the quality is excellent.  I haven't bought scissors in many years because I like to buy high quality.  I think I won't need to buy again for many more years unless we lose them.
Just recently received these scissors and they are of very good quality and very sharp. Highly recommend.
The sharpest home scissors around.  Metal are stronger than usual.
Good scissors
Great cutting scissors!
"Great value. I keep these in various kitchen drawers. Use for general cutting and for food packages. The are plenty sharp, seem to be keeping an edge nicely, and are comfy. Look nice too."
"These are some of the most comfortable scissors that I have ever used. The three pack was perfect. I keep one in my bedroom, one in my computer room, and one downstairs, so I always have scissors close by."
Excellent Scissors! I would buy them again- but they will probably last me a very long time! They are very sharp and the different colors allowed the members of the household to each have their own pair.
Good buy for the price.  It's very sharp and has a good grip!
Great sharp scissors. We are always looking for scissors so hoping this solves the problem.
Happy.
When trying to cut a box they would not cut the box.
"Super sharp. Loved 3 for a great price. Now I have scissors for the kitchen, craft room and desk. No more hunting."
Comfortable and sharp enough to cut those zip ties the world is held together with these days.
"I love these, I bought them before for my friends and I for sewing each week. Everyone had heavy nice shears but older hands need nice, light and sharp. These fill the bill at a really super price. We are very pleased with them."
"Awesome, durable scissors! Nice and sharp as well."
I hid all three from the family. Great buy
excellent scissors. thank you
Cutting like a boss. Nice home everyday scissors.
just the right size and we haven't lost them yet.
Very good household and handy person scissors.
I liked these when I first received them. They were sharp when new. Each use they got duller. I've had them less than 6 months they are so dull they won't cut anything.
"They are great!  I use them for quilting - very sharp, easy to use."
These are by far the most sharpest scissors I've ever encountered in my life. Super strong too and they look nice!
"These are our go-to scissors, nice sharp edge, keeps the edge for awhile.  Will keep buying them for a long time."
Not very sharp at all but they're okay in a pinch
Really nice
"Great price, and just what they promised. thanks!"
These make the cut.
Excellent quality.
"Work just as they should.  Price was low, so I wondered about their quality, but it seems fine"
Not bad for the price.  They won't stay sharp
"Super Deal, strong and sharp."
"These scissors cut great, feel sturdy and easy to use."
"Very light and very sharp. Bought first pair about 5 years ago...a couple turned into kitchen shears, and one is misplaced. You know how you like your kitchen knives to be so sharp that they can easily cut paper, edge to edge? These scissors are really that sharp and cut impeccably straight. I've given them as gifts and gotten wonderful compliments. They are a household necessity and they are the best you can buy for the money. Highly recommended."
"I love the scissors.  I've only used them once or twice, I kept two and gave one to my boyfriend (which im sure he's lost by now)."
"These are some good scissors, I always bought cheap $1 scissors and always had a hard time cutting things. I really regret not buying these scissors way before. They are not hard on the fingers, they are smooth. They cut great even plastic, they are very sharp and not loose. If you want scissors that work smoothly, bet these ones."
"Love these! Good quality, Pretty and sharp"
"Cute scissors, its nice to have enough scissors on hand these days."
just as described and fast shipping
Very satisfied with my order
Good Scissors
"I use these all the time, and they work great."
Great price and got it straight to my door!!
We love these scissors. They are very sturdy and sharp. We use it to cut everything from paper to shrimp legs.
Poor design. The scissors are bulky and difficult to use for cutting.
Good for cutting
Easy to use. Cuts precisely. The sticky adhesives rub off or wash off with minimal effort. I bought this scissor to cut open all the Amazon boxes along the taped parts.
Great scissors.
As expected.
Cuts like butter
Nice Scissors!!!
These scissors have turned out to be quite reliable and good quality. I would purchase them again.
NOT MUCH TO SAY here the do what they advertise them to do....NICE SCISSORS!
Very sharp. Great for the office and kitchen.
"These are great scissors! I bought Fiskars brand as well and they are ""stiff"" if that makes sense. The scotch brand are smooth and great for everyday scissors. I wouldn't try to cut up boxes with them but no problems getting sticky (I cut open juice boxes with scissors and they always end up sticky after a few times)."
high quality and durable scissors
Update: 5 stars. They cut everything fine for me. My husband says these do not cut plastic well. But these are not returnable if you are not happy with them.
This was a gift for my mom and she loves them.  Good price too.
For some reason all the scissors in my house disappear.  There are two of us and all the scissors are just gone.  These are perfect with the colors so I can assign it to each person.  They are smooth and easy to use.  Keep up the good work.
These brightly colored scissors are handy and easy to find
These are great scissors for a great price. I've stashed them all over the house and they work great.
I like these scissors because the quality is excellent. I hope to use this tool for a long time.
"These scissors have stayed sharp and are easy to grip/cut, and have made nice (and appreciated!) gifts for friends.  Glad they came in a package of three as they are useful/needed around the house."
"Fantastic scissors. Very sharp, and being Titanium I assume they're almost indestructible."
Needed to buy a replacement for the same scissors I purchased in past.  They seem to disappear because they are such well made scissors.  The one pair I still have that I purchased over 2 years ago are a sharp as the day I bought them!
"Can you ever have too many scissors? Great product, good price."
Great scissors.
These work well and have a comfortable handle. The only thing I had to do when they arrived is loosen the screw on a pair that was so tight it would not open easily After that they were fine.
Perfect! Good scissors for 3 rooms. Love them!
Great set.  Pleased
GAVE AS GIFT
"What a bargain, these exceeded my expectations!"
Very smooth and sharp. There is no wiggle in the scissoring motion. Fits very comfortably. Pretty much perfect everyday scissors.
Nice and sharp
"Great price for everyday scissors, we leave a pair in our office, kitchen, and my dressing room."
"very sharp, like to use these!"
Great scissors
Good quality scissors.  Work well.
Good enough scissors at a very reasonable price.
Top quality product. Three pair scissors. The scissors were solid and convenient. The handles have a rubbery feel for great holding. All around excellent product. Highly recommended.
These cut nicely and smoothly.  The colorful handles make it easy to find in a jiffy.
"Scissors, scissors, scissors."
amazing deal for nice scissors
"These are great - straightforward, not too big, not too small and priced right.  We buy a few packs of these and leave them around the house.

Parenting tip - we use these to cut up food for the babies and then toss them in the dishwasher, they've stayed sharp and rust-free.  So much easier and faster and if you snip quickly you usually lose less juice than cutting with a knife and fork!"
Love these scissors
Durable.
Loved these. Great deal. Scissors feel good on hand.
Super sharp well made scissors
Perfect and quick delivery
These scissors do not cut good at all. Disappointed in my purchase
My wife is happy......
Quality
Wow...these bad boys really cut... what a great price for scissors that actually work.....lock up the kids when they are around
good
"Good value, very sturdy!"
"Bought these as the wife and kids keep taking mine for some misc use.  Now that I own three, I only see one as the wife and kids took the others right away.  Very sharp and consistent in cutting everything I need, mostly plastic packaging.

So far still sharp and solid."
"These scissors are very sharp. They cut through paper, cloth, credit cards, zip ties, that annoying plastic packaging, and pretty much anything else you can throw at it. They're about the same price as the AmazonBasics scissors, but I decided to go with these Scotch scissors because the Amazon ones don't have many reviews. Nearly all of the reviews that they do have are from freebie Vine people."
"I wanted scissors in every room where I seem to need them.  But I was disappointed in these scissors because the blade is thick so I can't easily follow my line.  I'm used to thinner blades so I guess it will just take getting used to.  So I ended up keeping my old scissors in my office drawer since it gets used most often.  And I put these new ones in the kids' craft room, the kitchen and my bedroom."
Nice and sharp.  Cuts paper well.
"Not as sharp as I would have liked. Got them for cutting fleece to make blankets, they did the job with a little extra effort."
good
Nice for paper but challenging for harder materials.
super sharp scissors. well priced and awesome!
"Super Sharp and comfortable!  As a teacher, I am always looking for great scissors to add to my collection in the classroom.  These scissors are fantastic!"
Good for the price.
This umbrella is very easy to use and covers me and my Wheelchair. I love it
These are great scissors. I use them to do framing of photographs and they're sharp and reliable. I have relatively small hands and these fit me perfectly. No issues after several months of use.
so sharp! great scissors!
"Very sharp, very nice scissors."
"Good quality, sharp scissors and in pretty colors."
These are by far the best scissors EVER.
good
Great Sissors for crafts!
Very poor quality. Not sharp.
These are some sharp scissors.  They cut paper like nobody's fool.  They'll also cut your finger if you're not paying attention.  The plastic handles are designed to be comfortable and keeps fingers away from the blades.  Seems to be robust and well made. I mainly use them in the kitchen to open bags and it slices right through.  Just like scissors are supposed to do.
Work very well..
Works wonderfully!
"Ok so as soon as I opened it I used this scissors to cut a piece of tape....I don't know if it was because I have been using a cheap, half dull scissors for so long or what, but it went through the tape like it was cutting air! Like the tape was a non-freaking-factor!!... Honestly, it scared me a little bit. I cut another piece to make sure. This scissors is ssmmootthh and clean! Very nice! Will see how it holds up as time goes on!"
"I was reluctant top buy these because the price seemed too low for quality. Well, I was wrong. These are strong and work well in every application I've tried. Good value and attractive too."
They are super sharp and work really well.
"Bought these in March 2015, and every pair became unusable after a few months of use (as of Nov 2016).  Don't waste your money, and don't believe the rave reviews. You get what you pay for.  These scissors are made in China and are junk.  I just ordered a new pair made in the USA because can't use any of the scissors anymore."
"I've purchased several sets.  For gifts and home use. I enjoy the color differences...  keeping them separate for our needs,  wrapping gifts,  special crafts, even fabric.  Well made, sharp scissors."
Excellent product.
"GREAT, WORKS SUPER"
Nice scissors. i had to buy another pair after my mom wore out the first one.
Great scissors!
great set...very sharp
"Good set. Sturdy, steady, and sharp."
Great deal.  Never search for scissors again :).
Good deal!
Very good product
Very nice
Awesome scissors
"Great scissors, though i don't think there is any titanium in them,  looks like there are malonited (which is an amazing finish far better than Ti would be)"
larger than I expected
Great scissors!
"Nice scissors. That's about all I can say. Ha, good value for a 3 pack."
very nice and good price
"The only thing that would make my rating a 5-star is if the scissors were as precise and sharp at the tip as they are along the middle of the blade.  I purchased them for use in cutting the contact paper I use to cover our library's paperback books, and I found they didn't have as much ""oomph"" at the tips where I need just as much precision cutting as I do everywhere else.  Still, they were a great value and could be useful for home crafting when precision isn't a huge concern."
These are some awesome scissors and will now stick with this brand as they truly do such an awesome job.
Really sharp - and a good deal.
use these daily :)
"horrible with the fabric
not smooth with papers also"
These are everyday standard scissors. If you want really great sharp scissors you have to spend more money but these are perfect for everyday average use.
No one ever has enough scissors.  Great product.
"Very good, sharp scissors. I would highly recommend."
Nice set of scissors. They're a good size for everyday work.
"These are really high quality scissors. Nice grip. The blade is really sharp and made of a high tech material, it does prevent sticking. Highly recommended. Good price too."
What is going on with scissors? I remember only one time in the past decade that I bought a pair of scissors that were useless and a waste of money. In the last month I have tried 3 different brands and they were all worthless. For these in particular the blades were unevenly sharpened and would not cut uniformly. Two of the pairs functioned fine as far as the scissoring motion. One fell apart. I am still searching for a decent scissor and hate myself for losing the two old pairs I had that worked fine for years. Maybe I will get lucky and they will reappear before I waste more money.
"These are very well made, sharp & ergonomic scissors at a good price. I put a pair on the workbench, in the kitchen drawer & on the patio for light plant pruning."
Got these in the mail last week and am happy with the quality. Nice rubber handles and sharp blades.
Nice set of scissors
great
Nice high quality scissors.  Bright colors help me find them in the junk drawer
Good product
Did not start out and/or keep sharp. I will not purchase again.
"Soft, light handle with great cutting capacity."
nice and sharp. I even cut my bangs with them.
I swear I have a monster that eats scissors.  I've bought several of these - they work great.
Great! No issues!
These are well made and sharp.
"Okay, they cut!"
Feeling nice and comfy to use it
"Really great price for very high-quality scissors. I am forever losing scissors somewhere around the house, so it's great to have these in multiple locations. They stay sharp, too."
Excellent. We were using old dull sissors for too long.
Sharp & good quality
Good Value
good scissors
Love them.
These are Great!! they shipped them real quick!!
Good scissors that are sharp and cute and cheap. Have been using them for a few months with no issues
"I needed new scissors - I could never find ours when I needed them. This 3-pack was perfect because now I can keep one set in the kitchen, one in our office and one in the bedroom. They've all stayed sharp for a while now, too."
"I'm a teacher, these get used frequently. They are great!"
Great set
"I use this type of scissor for kitchen scissors and needed to replace a different pair that broke.
I like the different colors and they are very sharp and very comfortable to hold and cut."
Super sharp and super durable. Be careful because these are very pointy and could do damage to young kids. I love them!
These scissors were perfect for my personal use.  It is always good to have a few back up scissors because no matter how I hide them from my kids they always seem to disappear.
Cuts clean and fast.
clumsy
cute group of scissors. cut well.
"Very comfy scissors!  Needed something to cut felt with, and these did the job very well."
"These cut anything smoothly and precisely. Cloth, threads, paper, vinyl, ..."
Excelent!! Thanks!
A thumbs up on these scissors.
"These are great scissors at a great price.  They cut well, and I love that there are three colors.  One is for my wife, the green for me, and we have a spare one for the kitchen.  They are comfortable to use, and I haven't had any problem with them.  I found a similar set with blister packaging at Costco, but I prefer the easy to open box that this came in.

I've had no problem cutting through paper, stock card, and corrugated cardboard with these scissors.  I haven't noticed any decline in cutting ability (granted, we haven't been using them too long).  Considering that the other scissors we were considering purchasing was about $8 for just one pair of scissors, this is a great buy."
Excellent for the price. I have had these for awhile and they still work like a charm!
Good price for scissors. Edges are good and don't dent quickly
So far enjoying these. They're sharp and doing fine. Only used for a month of light use.
I teach. These are MY scissors lol. They work perfectly and can be cleaned up with rubbing alcohol in seconds. They are SUPER sharp and fit my fat hands perfectly.
I purchased this 3 pc scissors set and am very pleased with their quality and pricing.
"very pleased with the colors, weight, and sharpness"
"Cuts great and indeed, tape does not stick.  No idea about long term wear, but please with price, feel and performance."
as ad
Great for home use.
"Fabulous SHARP scissors!  Very sturdy, and a great price for three!"
Sharp
"Great scissors. Work really well! Well worth it. Fit perfectly, smooth cut. One in the office, one in the kitchen & one in the garage. Cuts great."
Very Good!
"The grip is comfortable, the blade is sharp, things don't get stuck to the blades. Not much to complain about. Great pair of scissors."
They're not as sharp as I need. They cut paper; that's about it.
"We have had these for 1.5 years now, and they are still like brand new, even after frequent use. The edges have stayed sharp, and the handles clean up nicely. Because we use these for a variety of tasks -- including kitchen ones -- they often go in the dishwasher with all the silverware, and that has not been an issue. One pair did loosen a bit, but that was easy to tighten with a screwdriver and a second or two of torque. While I wouldn't say they are padded, exactly, the inside has a silicone(?) coating that adds just a bit of comfort."
Use this product for work purposes and just the feel of it cutting through bags and paper feels like butter.  All my coworkers love them and gave compliments.  We all have to fight over the use of these sissors.
"These Scissors are great for gift wrapping, but don't attempt to cut any tape with them.  I made the mistake of assuming the ""non-stick"" statement meant you were able to cut tape without getting that sticky residue on the blades.  I have cleaned the blades multiple times to try and rid myself of the tape adhesive without any luck.  However, I would purchase these scissors over and over again because of how well they cut."
Very nice pair of scissors. The handles are big enough for adult hands and comfortable enough for duct taping.
"very sharp scissors for an affordable price, definitely no complaints here, they do their job and can cut through anything. I've used them to cut through a lot of cardboard boxes and they still work as new!"
great
These are great!! They cut very nicely!!
"Good deal, nice product"
they really help us cut things
"They look good and cut well, its been.

Its been a few years and they have held up well, only lost 1 pair."
"I bought these scissors when they were on sale awhile back and love them.  They keep a sharp edge for quite awhile.  In fact, they are good enough that when my sewing scissors broke, I used a pair of these for a couple months until I was gifted new sewing scissors.  They look nice and are comfortable to hold, even when cutting out numerous things for school.  They are very precise.  Since getting my own pair, I have also bought a set to gift to a friend, and I highly recommend these to anyone looking for new scissors."
Terrific product. Really sharp. Had to make sure I put them up from the grandkids. Glad I got three of them. Would recommend over and over again.
Exactly as expected
"I keep these in the kitchen, very comfortable handles, smooth cutting action.
Only regret is that I didn't buy them sooner."
work as expected. Perfect for general use
"Love these scissors. I bought them to replace a pair of Fiskars I've used for 15 years that had developed a small knick that would catch on items I was cutting. I use them for craft work. Very nice, smooth cutting."
Nice value & excellent shears.  I replaced the dull pair in the kitchen drawer & hid the other two!
"For some reason, I'm always in need of scissors, so when I found a seemingly great deal like this, it was hard to pass it by.
And baby, it sure did deliver. Not only did the product arrive in record time (one week to Eastern Europe) but they are so sharp you will cut y'ourself just looking at it. Luckily they packaged it in a professional manner, so it didn't cut the box it came with.

The handle is very ergonomic and perfect for your fingers. They also come in different colors (the pink one is my favorite so far). I tried to test it out with cutting very thin and wet plastic, and the thing proved to be about the same efficiency as Wolverine's claws.
Now I know they say that you shouldn't play with scissors, but this is so good I'm shredding every piece of paper I come in contact with. My bills never stood a chance. I think they might be possessed.

All in all, a surprisingly great product and as long as I remember not to run around the house with them, I'm a happy camper."
"I bought these scissors back in August 27, 2014, almost two years ago, because our scissors tended to dissapear.  I wanted good quality scissors because others tended to go dull quickly. These scissors are very good quality scissors. They have not gone dull. Even after moving earlier this year they still haven't gone dull. I used it to cut cardboard or that hard plastic that makes hard to reach your whatever product you buy."
"The first thing i noticed about these scissors is the consistent feel of the opening and closing, there are no gaps between the blades so it will cut everything in one motion. I tested this by cutting paper sideways, all my other scissors tend to slide past the paper but this one cuts right through at any and all angles! The titanium blades are smooth to the touch, this special coating helps when cutting sticky or adhesive objects. The tip of the scissors are blunt, which i assume is for safety. The rubber grips are comfortable, and i can operate the scissor in both left and right hand."
"These scissors are the best ever.  Some may be sharp at first but don't stay that way.  These stay sharp, even when cutting tough material.  A good buy!"
"These scissors are amazing, as a teacher who is hard on scissors I highly recommend them!"
"Just like with a roll of Scotch tape that I bought, I needed these scissors for wrapping birthday presents. They're sharp enough to cut through wrapping paper without jerking or tearing at it. In the end, that's all I really needed out of a pair of scissors."
"These are honestly the best scissors I've ever used, no question. They're incredibly sharp (and I've been using some for about a year- no dulling that I can tell), they're comfortable to use, and they're ""normal"" sized- neither bulky nor heavy."
These aren't heavy duty but they do normal work. They are sharp and they are good looking. I wanted a 3 pack to put scissors around the house because they always hide.
"The tips of the scissors are not very sharp, which is irritating."
"These are good quality scissors for crafting and other everyday household needs, and the price is right. These were the perfect size for what i was looking for (a crafting need), and they are solidly built. It's nice to be able to buy an economical 3 pack so that I'm not always looking for scissors every time I go to do a project."
the best set of scissors i have ever bought!
always need household scissors---  great
great deal.
This pair of scissors has been really perfect whenever I am doing my projects.
"Great scissors! Durable, and long lasting!  I've had them for a year and no issues!"
"This three pack is wonderful for crafts. the different colors allow me to specify different uses for each one. I use one for fabric, one for metal cording, and another for my office desk. They are all sharp, but the color coding is definitely worth it

if you found this review helpful please click yes below

My thoughts and criteria for products I review based on the Amazon's rating criteria
 = Amazed by the product! The product was nearly if not perfect! I will purchase again and/or recommend to my friends and family! Exceeds expectations and is a great product!
 = Like the product. Product is as described and the quality is not lacking. Might have small things I would change, but no big issues. Would recommend is brought up but don't just love it.
 = This product is just okay. There are pros and there are cons. Im not positive if I will continue to use it. This is a product that might work better for someone else but just doesnt work great for me. Could be worth purchasing for someone else.
 = Not a fan of this product. Wouldnt use the product again and wouldnt recommend it, but I might still have one positive thing to say about the product.
 = I hate this product. I will never use this product and maybe nothing else from the seller again. Its either throw away or return, not safe to use, or just not worth anything. Definitely wouldnt recommend and have nothing good to say about the product.
Disclosure: I received this product on a promotional discount for my honest review and they are 100% my own opinions. However your own opinion might vary. I received no monitory compensation and I am not required to give a good review. I am also not associated with the seller in any way."
"Works well, nice grip"
These scissors are great.  They open up nicely and cut well.
Good
Arrived quickly and as expected.
Nice sharp siscors
"Sharp, precise cutting
Easily fits all hand sizes"
Good value. I am always losing scissors so a three-pack was a no-brainer. Comfortable grip. Shears work very well.
"I can't keep scissors in my house. I have no idea where they go. I think there must be a little scissor thieving fairy or gremlin or  monster that sneaks in at night and takes them! So far, they have left these three pairs alone. Maybe because they are so sharp.....they are super sharp! Perfect for opening packages, cutting paper or fabric and for all my many different craft projects. They have held their edge well and if the little scissor thief leaves them alone, I'm sure I'll be using them for years to come."
"The outer edge of these is sharp too!  I cut myself, not on the cutting edge, but the outside!  So do not let even older kids use them, and be cautious yourself.  They cut ok, medium level of accuracy.  The very point does not cut, like many average scissors these days, but the rest does pretty well and can cut through layers and things."
Great deal and they work great too!
Purchased these just over a year ago and at that time gave them 5 stars.  They are going in the garage as of today!  They no longer cut even a plastic bag open!  Very disappointing!
This is a wonderful set of scissors.  They are easy to grip and very sharp. At first I wondered why I would need 3 pairs but glad I got this set so I can have one  for use in the kitchen one  for my sewing and the other for crafts. Love the different colors of them. The titanium-fused blades are suppose to last a lifetime so we will see but so far I am very impressed  with this set.
"broke it in few weeks :(
at first i loved it but den it just broke :("
"Strong and cuts great, but the handles could feel better.  Easy to find compared to others which disappear."
"Great well made sharp scissors, good price!"
Great quality scissors....PERFECT !!!
Good stuff!
cut it out !  seriously well made and sharp
Awesome sewing scissors keep these Out Of Reach of children they are very sharp and you really don't want them using them on your papers or anything I value mine and I have given them as Christmas gifts they really like them they've never seen ultra fine scissors like these before they cut fabric wonderfully
These scissors are great looking and very sharp.  Great for fabric and paper crafting.  I like how I can color code the different colors to their use.
Great scissors.
"This is a nice set of scissors, sharp and well made."
Great scissors that I will be using with my crafts. I gave a pair to my husband for him to use so the other two are mine. Especially so I have one pair of scissors specifically for fabric cutting. These cut well with precision. I am very happy with my purchase.
"Excellent Scissors, needed to cut large sheets of plastic, so smooth with these, great on tape as well. Wonderful stocking gift, and gift for your parents!"
Need scissors that are sharp. These are it. Love them
Like the colors - but the quality is a little flimsy
Sharp as can be and a cheap deal!
2nd purchase- love these scissors. Good quality I work on location photography and have to basically bring everything in my kit we might possible need. So they are perfect.
I have several pair of these around the house.  Easy to find and work like a charm!
"Running a home based business and shipping 100s of packages around the world a week, scissors are essential to my daily operation. In the past I would purchase standard scissors and throw them away after they got sticky residue on the blades from shipping labels, etc. Ar first I was hesitant as I have tried non-stick scissors in the past and they did not last a day without getting glue all over them and sticking together, making them useless. I was so excited to receive these and immediately put them to use cutting through a stack of 5 thick international shipping labels. They cut through them like it was a single sheet of regular paper, and best of all NO GLUE!!! They are very precise and have a great gripping handle. The scissors fit comfortably in your hand and are SUPER sharp. I would recommend these to any crafter, office personnel, or anyone that needs a great pair of scissors! They are simply amazing and easy to use with little effort.

UPDATE: After using for several months in my office on sticky shipping labels, and products the blades are beginning to get sticky residue on them and are sticking together. They are still sharp after daily use which is a plus but I purchased for the nonstick factor which is wearing off!!

Another update: After several months use cutting Avery labels in my office the scissors are officially trash. They are no longer nonstick, even after cleaning them and dull. Useless and garbage!"
"Great deal and I use for fabric.  When scissors get stolen here and used for paper, there is no reason to get a super expensive pair.  Buy these and if they dissapear there is no angst.  Just grab another pair and keep on cutting"
These are nice quality scissors. I love that there are 3 pairs and they have cute color accents!
"Sharp, cuts clean, perfect. I don't see any other reason necessary in buying a scissor. I usually cut cloth and I was never stuck once."
Would recommend these.  They are super sharp and really work well.
Great scissors
Great price and puts any cheap Wal-Mart scissors to shame.  Cutting for over a year and still cut likes a champ.
Excellent quality. Pretty sharp. I'm quite happy.
"good grip, nice feel, cuts cleanly. perfect for household use, arts and craft and such. not for food stuffs though so don't try with that. for all other general purposes this is hard to beat."
sharp and comfortable
Awesome.  Glide along wrapping paper like butter!
They cut well near the center but they cut like absolute crap at the far end.
They cut really well!
Great product grouping at decent price. The only trouble is they walk off from their stored location and take time to return. ;) May need to order some more.
"It's less sticky than normal pair of scissors, but still accumulates glue residue (I use them to cut velcro)"
Nice
"Good quality, inexpensive scissors.  I like mine as well as the Fiskars brand.  They seem a little shorter than expected but that's my fault."
Better than similar package at Walmart.
Very sharp and cut well.  Glad to have 3 so I can use for different projects.  They are also really cute with dark gray blades
Good all around scissors
Sharp and comfortable on your hands!
"I use these scissors to cut fiberglass and carbon fiber.  They work great for a couple of weeks, but dull quickly.  I do ask a lot of them, though.  I should be using 1/2 serrated shears, but I like these.  Non-stick is a stretch, in my opinion."
"If you want scissors that actually cut well, buy these: https://www.amazon.com/Westcott-Titanium-Scissors-Straight-Handle-13901/dp/B000P0LNRE/ref=sr_1_1?s=power-hand-tools&ie=UTF8&qid=1467223080&sr=1-1&keywords=scissors."
"sharp and durable, as expected"
"To be honest, these scissors are fine but I was surprised and disappointed when I saw the same 3 pack at Costco for literally half the price."
Nice scissors.
"Needed these for office use, they work great!"
"These are great scissors, very strong. Now I have a pair everywhere."
"These are incredibly sharp scissors, -the quality and the price are both awesome. A great deal."
Always needing these around the house.
Great scissors for a great price. Recommend
"We have had these for 1.5 years now, and they are still like brand new, even after frequent use. The edges have stayed sharp, and the handles clean up nicely. Because we use these for a variety of tasks -- including kitchen ones -- they often go in the dishwasher with all the silverware, and that has not been an issue. One pair did loosen a bit, but that was easy to tighten with a screwdriver and a second or two of torque. While I wouldn't say they are padded, exactly, the inside has a silicone(?) coating that adds just a bit of comfort."
Everything was perfect
"After a year of regular use, these scissors are like new.

I have large hands and fingers, and I can use these comfortably.  My thumb actually fits, and I can put my index and middle finger in the other part of the handle.  A lot of scissors are too small, but these are good.

I'm fairly tough on utensils like scissors.  I use them for things they are not recommended for, and that's the way it is.  These particular scissors have worked amazingly for the last year.  I use one pair to cut meat, and it has been through the dishwasher countless times, and still has no rust.  The blade still seems sharp as ever, and I have no complaints about that pair.

Another pair has been used to cut wires in a pinch, and sits around as a multi use tool.  The same as the other, I have no issues.  There are some scratches on the blades, but they still cut just fine.  The third pair is used for their intended purpose, paper and things like that.  But all three pairs work the same, regardless of how they have been used.

Over all, I recommend these to anyone.  They're great for people with big hands, and are very durable.  They are worth the money in my opinion."
Like butter!
These are great scissors. I use them for everything
Nice set  and they work good.  Good value.
"100% best ones ive ever bought, will buy another set asap to use in garage, arts,crafts, set for kids etc..they are very sharp, cut great, tyvm!"
Sharp
Great set of three titanium soft handle scissors.  Nicely constructed.  All three have different accent colors on the white handles and are quite soft to the touch and hold.
perfect
Great product!
great scissors!
I have always liked this type of scissors. Great price!!
wonderful product!  great service.
Works great!
"These are nice scissors. They are sturdy, sharp, not too heavy, not too big i.e. they fit in every sized drawer I've needed them to fit in, and the colors are nice.  Why not 5 Stars ? I cannot honestly say I love scissors."
"Need scissors and these were a decent deal for the pack. I haven't had issues with these yet and I've cut cardboard, paper, bags and other random things."
"Not what I hoped for.  Very light duty. Cutting more than 3 or 4 pages does not  produce a precise cut.  The non-stick edges were something I'd been looking for.  However, the non-stickiness starts to weaken. I will try cleaning them with alchohol to try to restore it. But I don't know if this will make it worse.  For me, too expensive for what I ended up getting."
Not as sharp as I anticipated for cutting material.
Amazing sissors. Costco sells the 3 pack for $10 tho
"Sharp, comfortable scissors. Great buy."
"I didn't realize this until I started to use ""Good"" scissors. I am very glad that I bought these scissors. Very easy to use, clean cut, and easy on my hands. Highly recommended."
All my employees are making fun of me because of my fondness of these scissors. They are wonderful. I will never settle for a different brand or type of scissors again. You know this is the stuff they make airplanes out of? These scissors are sharp and effective and I love that I can resharpen them.
WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND. PROMPT AND EFFICIENT.
Was skeptical of these for fabric but they work great!  Used them on thick fleece without any issue.  Totally worth it!
They work great durable and cut nice and fine.
wonderful scissors for simple cutting of paper and card stock  I would not use for fabric  for the money I recommend them to anyone who needs a couple of pairs of scissors
One of the best set of scissors I every brought
Sharp as heck. Make sure your employees are not crazed killers before providing. Nice long and very sharp blades.
Extremely satisfied with the seller and the quality of the product.
Great bargain!  Bought these as part of the Black Friday Sales.
Very sharp.  Gave one away for a gift and the teacher loves it.
"3M wasn't kidding, these scissors are razor sharp! I nearly cut my finger off! Excellent quality product!"
Great everyday scissors.  Use them on everything but material I am sewing....l leave that to my sewing scissors...but everything else these scissors handle with ease.  Wash easily also.
good scissors and the cut very well.
like the light weight feel and they are sharp
"Fantastic scissors for the price!  Comfortable grip, sharp blades and have been holding up very well.  There's a reason these are best sellers,  Terrific product."
Good price for some every day scissors.
Sharp scissors
Great value
I enjoy running with these. Problem is i can only run with 2 of the 3.
These are nice scissors.  I was actually a little surprised at the quality since the price is so low.  I would definitely recommend these.
Excellent value for 3 pair.  They are very nice and cut good.
"Great, high quality scissors."
Great scissors - they cut well and the variety of colors means I can keep track of where each pair is to be kept (so my kitchen scissors don't always end up in the basement)
Great value!
They were not as sharp as I had expected them to be. They are great for fine materials and paper. I had hoped I could use them for fabric. I was mistaken. I'll need a sharper pair.
This is a great set of good quality scissors.  We really like them - it is my second order of this product in about 4 years - no change in quality!  Still great!
These are fantastic scissors!
good inexpensive scissors
"Do you remember the days of metal black-paint-handled scissors?  Do you remember pinching your palm between their unrelenting and cold inner curves?  Do you remember how the hinge would seem to be permanently off-kilter after only a few months of service?

It is time for those memories to take the long journey to permanent storage.  These scissors are extraordinary.  The soft rubber grips your fingers easily, the curved handles make maneuvering the scissors easy, and the titanium blades makes tidy work of any cutting job.  Normally the fun colors are why you go out of your way to buy a standard office product, but here they are just a quirky extra to your serious cutting tool.

I've bought a few packs of these and they are yet to let anyone down.  I believe they are also available in gray and red for more serious offices."
"These are excellent scissors!  I bought them for my Girl Scout Troop because they had been complaining about their old ones.  The girls love these, make their work a lot easier to complete!"
Solid scissors
Great value!
muy buenas
cut cut cut
Wife needed scissors for a Missions project in Africa. These were great and the price was right.
Excellent buy.
"Well, they're scissors.  Well constructed, titanium blades.  Overall, good product, good price."
"I have them every where' kitchen garage, bathrooms and bedrooms. Love them"
I have used it for a number of years and it is the go-to  scissor in the kitchen.
scissors would not cut.... only on tip
Sharp scissors! Great price too. Would recommend or buy again.
"Thought these were a good buy but found same thing at Costco for less than half price.  Reminded me to ""shop around"" a little more on some items"
"Inexpensive, sturdy, and sharp. A scissor for every drawer!"
"Thought they would be a little more hardcore, but still solid scissors!"
Great sissors!
LOVE. Sharp as s*** still and had for a year.
Sharp deal
"These are great scissors!  Got them on a deal, and very pleased with the purchase.  Never hurts to have an extra pair or two of scissors around.  Scotch, as usual, makes another great product.  Nice colors, too!"
These scissors are amazing! Great cutting! I highly recommend!
"Some of the best scissors I have ever owned. Get 2 packs. Stash them all over the house. Never go mad looking for scissors ever again. Highly visible. The more accessible they are, the less likely you are to run with them. Save lives!"
"3 pairs of nice scissors. I always forget, but I am left handed and these, thankfully are ambidextrous. The insides of the handles are slightly rubberized. These can cut through 8-10 sheets of paper with minimal effort"
GOOD SCISSORS CUTS NICE AS DESCRIBED HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
"Perfect!  I use scissors for everything in my kitchen.  I cut meat into strips, etc.and always need extra pairs for when  some are in the dishwasher.
These scissors are extremely sharp and I am very happy with them."
Work great and stylish great price as well!
"Pros:
-I got a really great price for these (I think i bought them around black friday)
-Fun colors
-Love the non stick blades, they are really smooth
-Cut nice, have stayed sharp so far
-3 pack is great, I put one in my utility drawer at home, one in my desk drawer at work and gave one to my parents (If you take these to work, make sure to hide them well because inevitably someone will ""borrow"" them and they may never return)

Cons:
-If you are really rough and careless with them, they will get chipped and sticky on the blades. The pair I gave to my parents is already almost completely stuck together, but lord only knows what they are using them on and why they got so sticky so quickly. If you take care of them this should not be an issue. I recommend if you use them around sticky stuff like tape or food items, use a wet wipe to wipe them off and dry to prevent things from caking onto the blades."
Very high quality. Very sharp and smooth operation.
"Good quality, nice cut"
They've stayed sharp and cut well after a couple of years of regular use.  The tips are very pointy which might be good for your needs.  Handles are comfortable.
High quality scissors - I was pleasantly surprised.
Nice and comfortable. Smooth. I'm sure will last a long time
"Great! I put them in my sewing box, and have shared them with a friend also"
Nice scissors!
"Best scissor value.  Will buy again.  Trust me, RickyH knows stuff."
"Low quality, not good for what I bought them for.  No where near as good as fiskars."
"Wasn't impressed , the scissors I buy at the dollar store work just as good. Should have returned them"
"I rarely...I mean rarely write reviews but I had to warn quilters about these scissors.  They will not cut fabric.  Do not purchase if that is your reason. Of course, I threw the box away and can't return them.  I never dreamed they wouldn't cut. Very shocked. Tried all 3.  Awful ;("
"I'm left handed so hesitated ordering these scissors.  I'm glad I took the plunge.  They are really nice scissors...very well made, attractive, AND works just fine for left handed users.  For those who go into the technicalities of which way the blades come together in left handed and right handed scissors, you can let up on this one.  Whether I hold them in my right hand or in my left hand the blades come together in the same fashion for a nice clean cut BOTH WAYS."
Its cuts well
very good quality and sharp
Great product!!!
"Package arrived on time and in perfect shape. These scissors are comfortable and very sharp. They cut very nice, even cardboard. Great price!"
Fantastic scissors. Have owned and used them for over a year now and they're still super sharp and are holding strong.
"For the price, awesome... nice rubber grips, sharp, comfy"
Super sharp and cuts cleanly.  Great value
I love these scissors. Build quality is not so good. Color cushions are coming off. Also when it get adhesive from tape it gets stuck and they are not the best
Good quality scissors!
Great scissors so far. Will see how long they last.
"This is our 'generic rating' for any good product we have purchased from amazon that works as expected.  With all the products we buy on amazon, we usually don't have time to write individual ratings for the good stuff.  If you see this review coupled with a 5 rating you know that
 1. It's a verified purchase.
 2. We have actually used the product and
 3. It worked fine for us, so we recommend it to others because  4. It's worth the money.
If I get a bad product, or one that doesn't quite live up to expectations, I will always write about it specifically."
Love
These are the only scissors that I will purchase.  They don't pinch my fingers and are super sturdy.
Great scissors.  Stay sharp and have a very nice grip. Highly recommend this set as you will get your money's worth x fold.
"I have this set of scissors,  and the price was right for using them for Christmas wrapping this past year.  However, I was not impressed.  Sharpness all along the blade was not that good. Brand new scissors usually cut through wrapping paper without a lot of actual scissor movement.  Not these. These kept snagging requiring a lot of scissoring movement on wrapping paper.  I also tried them on ribbon, ran into a couple of fold movements vs cutting.  Had to use the tips of the scissors to cut through.  They are pretty colors, I just wish they were sharper."
I wish my pair were like everyone else. But they never have been sharp enough to cut the tape off the amazon boxes! They're huge and unwieldy. If you have any pain in your hands like arthritis- avoid at all costs!
Awesome scissors!
My husband was impressed... and that says something! Great scissors.
Razor sharp and nice grips
Great set of scissors. Would buy again
"I bought these a while ago. I am pleased with them. We have put both them through it all. That is why they are dirty in the picture. They have been used to cut flowers, trim bird's wings, open packages, trim doll hair, and many other things.
The pictures show well used scissors that have held up to repeated uses and still kept their sharpness. They are good!
The handles have held together also. They have not cracked or ripped or anything. Even after washing and using disinfectant wipes on them. Keep them as dry as you can though.
They are quality scissors that are affordable. I got them as a lightening deal and I am glad I did."
"If you are going to buy cheap general-purpose scissors to cut just about everything, this set is the way to go."
"I am always trying to find my scissors... So ordered a few spares... these are the full size scissors... not small ones... they are built for right handers, in case that matters to you... and are exactly as pictured in the ad. You get three pairs. They arrived quickly (I have prime) and in good condition. They were inside of a separate, secure cardboard box. They are brand new and very sharp. I have to say, I've tried over the years the ""cheaper"" off brand scissors... but wow... the quality and length of time the off brands stay sharp or even just fall apart is marked.  Even though these are a bit more than, I have found they are worth it.  Now.  If I could just hold on to them!  I always update my reviews if anything useful comes up."
"I've forgotten the sensation of good scissors. I've gotten so use to using cheap/worn scissors, that I had forgotten what the feeling of crisp, quick cutting was like. Highly recommended for price point of these scissors. A previous review mentioned getting pinched often by the scissors, I have not had that same experience, or course I have small thin hands that don't have much to pinch to."
"At $12.99 for a pack of three, I challenge anyone to find a better deal on sciss"
Nice and sharp as indicated.  I'm left-handed and they definitely cut well left-handed or right-handed.
"bought it for the office use,
It's nice for the price and cuts well.
It's not super heavy but the metal is slight black, just so you know, cause I couldn't quite get that in the picture.
The color doesn't bother nor seem to rust.
IT's nice."
Perfect
Excellent product
A+ quality. Arrived on time. Good product
A
We use them in a small retail shop that sales balloons. These scissors generally last a few years under heavy usage.
the tips are sharp but towards the back is not. the grips are great though and comfortable.
Awesome!
"These are amazing. Very sharp, easy to clean, they cut through anything with ease. I want several more."
I must use these every day their good.
Great scissors
THEY'RE WORK PERFECTLY! I DIDN'T HAVE ANY PROBLEM TO CUTE SOME PAPER THIS MORNING!
"my friend got one because she is a DIY-er, and she need these scissors for craft. and it turns out to be a surprise to her, very good quality and very good to use."
Work well.  Good level of sharpness.
"I am an avid couponer. I clip SO MANY COUPONS every week. I need the scissors to be precise, and sharp. I can't be cutting off barcodes or expiration dates! After accidentally dulling my old pair, I came onto Amazon to find my perfect pair. I read a bunch of reviews on this particular kind and just bought it on a whim. OH MY GOODNESS, I couldn't be happier. They cut like a hot knife on butter. Just precise, effortlessly, and quick! I haven't had a chance to test out the non stick aspect but i'm sure they'd rock with that too. I would highly recommend these! Once I find another gift card I might just get myself another pair! I'm sure these will last for a LONG TIME~"
"Great value. Be careful, the edges are very sharp! Cuts cleanly through a variety of materials."
Nice scissors. Good length. I would prefer them a little tighter out of the box but they seem to work as advertised.
I can never find scissors around the house when I need them so I was extremely happy about  finding a 3 pack at such a good price.  They are good quality scissors that get almost daily use.
"Very nice scissors, you get 3 in the  and they are all sharp. Great colors also, great price and fast shipping."
"High quality scissors for a good price.  Somehow we lose scissors.  Who has all the scissors?  The real ruler of the world, that's who..."
"Very sharp, good grip, nice colors. Blades were pretty dirty when they arrived.
For the price I would buy again."
Super sharp scissors!
Great buy.  Replacement for scissors that seem to disappear in a house that only 2 people live in.  Some day the walls will cave in from all the weight of all those hidden scissors finally give up and decide to come out of hiding!
"Great scissors, and with three pair I can find them around the house when I need them."
"Not for heavy duty use (cunting cardoard, heavy duty fabric - edge got dull and eventually broke at the center) the other 2 pairs (used for normal things (paper) are fine - they do loose their edge after heavy use even on regualr items. Good deal fo rthe price for NORMAL scissors"
Nice sharp scissors.  Different color for different users nice so mine don't get lost..
Love them
Great Product and exactly as advertised.
One pair already dull after a few uses. Horrible.
These are great scissors! The cut smoothly and last for a long time. Comfortable grip and I cannot say enough good things about them!
"Fiskar scissors are my second choice of scissors...right behind Cutco.  See how the 3-pack shows that you are buying green, pink, & blue scissors?  Well, when mine arrive today, I was furious that they were all GRAY!  The packaging clearly shows 3 different colors, & this is what I expected to receive.  The color coding was to go in a blue bathroom, a green bathroom, & pink was to go in my kitchen.  That way, each scissor has a specific room.  I ended up painting the handles the appropriate colors.  It's too much trouble to send them back.  I don't blame Fiskar, I blame poor packaging & advertising!"
i am very much pleased with ma bought
These have a weak tang that goes maybe halfway back. They are very flimsy and the blade has not lasted long. I am looking to replace these in under 6 months time. Does anyone know if full tang quality scissors with durable blades exist anymore?
Great Scissors will buy them again  Thank You
Great quality scissors!
Love these scissors. They stay sharp for a long amount of use!
These ultra edge scissors are working very nicely
"I bought these for cutting fabric for my sewing business. These do not work well for cutting fabric of any kind. I bought another pair of Scotch scissors on Amazon that I thought were the same kind, that worked wonderfully, but these are horrible. I can't use them for fabric though I'm sure they are great for paper lol. These have dark blades where the other pair I bought had stainless steel silver blades, so perhaps thats the main different in their cutting powers? I will need to buy another of the other single pair. These do not cut it. :("
I paid 20 dollars for them. Great deal.
"It seems that for all of my life, there have been recurring times when I need but cannot locate a scissors. I expect that most people have had this rather frustrating experience. Problem solved with this inexpensive, VERY sharp and reliable 3-pack of scissors with titanium blades from Scotch. One in the study, one in the bedroom and another in the kitchen. At this price, for such sharp and reliable instruments, it is silly to not get them and waste no more time searching for one when you need it!"
"I've bought a couple of them and these 3 pack ultra edge scissors are very good and an incredible value.
They fit the hand nicely and stay very sharp and cut very well.
I hope this was helpful."
Very nice and useful item at very goof price
"These scissors from Scotch are a pleasure to use. First of all, I was impressed with the packaging of the product, they arrived neatly and separated from each other. The scissors have a soft cushy handle with a firm grip. The blades are titanium fused and very sharp. They have a non stick like exterior. I am using each scissor for a different thing - one for fabric, one for paper and one miscellaneous. The fact that the scissor handles are three different colors helps in distinguishing them. I have been using them for five months now and they are still sharp. My favorite scissors so far."
Great scissors
Love these.  Sturdy and Sharp.
Super sharp scissors and for a great price! I replaced all of the scissors at my house and office with these and I couldn't be happier.
Nice
This are nice and worth every penny.
Excellent!
just what I wanted. good scissors
"These are pretty sturdy scissors, but they do occasionally pinch  your skin."
Lost one pair
Fantastic Scissors. You can feel the quality when you hold them. There's no going back to crappy cheap scissors now.
Nice scissors.
"Very sharp and perfect for gift wrapping, crafts, sewing.  Can't beat the price."
sharp comfortable easy to use. no pinching
I like these scissors really sharp smooth cut
works well
"When I was young and broke, I used to get by with a single pair of scissors for everything - a pair of those heavy steel ones we all remember. But they're hard to keep sharp, and having just one pair means wandering around trying to track it down every time it's necessary to cut something.

Now I have these, with pairs at various places in my house, plus a different pair of kitchen shears for messy kitchen jobs. You probably don't want to use these in the kitchen - they are really for precision work with paper, cloth, thin plastic and such. I use them to trim edges off of photos from my photo printer, for example, and they're great. Those old steel scissors would never have given a professional looking edge.

A bonus I didn't expect - the color means these are much easier to find in the clutter than those old plain, black scissors."
"Sharp, great sizzors"
Perfect size to keep around the house.  Now I can find a pair of scissors easily.
Really nice scissors.
These Scotch scissors by 3M are equal to scissors costing 4 to 5 times as much. I don't think they can be resharpened like my more expensive all-metal scissors but it has become increasingly difficult to find places/people to resharpen tools. Plus the non-stick version is actually a technological advancement.
Great cutting Scissors.
Love them
Sharp and lightweight!  Wonderful for cutting thick and thin paper.
their scissor....what can i say....but nice.  i needed 3 pair for different locations in the house... and i got em./
Not very sharp.  Bulky to use. Would not recommend.
"Nice an sharp""nice grip."
Excellent scissors. But Costco offers as good or better for 1/2 the price.
Bought these to use in kitchen and office.  Like the colors and they cut easily.
"No complaints.  They cut through paper, clothing tags, and flower stems w/o problems."
"We have cut everything from simple laminating plastic to pruning some of our plants with these scissors. Besides the messes created, they still keep cutting! Well worth it."
Very good quality scissors. I expect they will last longer than I do.
"i am a crafty person , I keep scissors everywhere... I loved these , they are sharp and stayed that way , still that way after months of use ,, and I USE these scissors on everything ...... easy on the fingers also ....."
Very pleased with the quality of these scissors.
Very sharp
they fell apart
"Ordered a few of these several years ago. Kids tend to cut everything in sight (cardboard, plastic, etc.) so even super quality scissors won't survive in this house. After a few years of abuse, they weren't quite as sharp as I'd prefer. Got these today, and they're as awesome as I remember.  Firm, sturdy, nice clean cut.  Nice and sharp."
These scissors work pretty good.
sissors
arrived as described
"I spit this set of scissors into three gifts.  All three recipients loved them.  These scissors are used in a school or office setting, doing their job well.
I love being Santa Claus when people are happy with their gifts."
I would recommend these are very good for price
"A pair of relatively cheap, sharp, useful scissors, perfect for crafting, scrapbooking and sewing projects. I've had mine for almost two years. They are still in one piece and the edge hasn't dulled. What more can one ask for?"
Good product and a good price.
Nice set of scissors and  have a very nice grip.
Great scissors and fun colors.  I forgot was it was like to have great scissors.  Saves time and frustration too.  Would definitely purchase again.  Using some at the office and some at home.
"These are sturdy and very sharp.  They are also attractive.  I am forever putting scissors down and then forget where I left them.  Now I have enough to see me thru until I find the ones I misplaced, lol.  This is a good buy, in my opinion."
Best scissors ever!
"Sturdy, functional, and attractive.  What more could you ask for?

So yes, these scissors have served me well and I would recommend it for anyone."
"I bought a 3 pack of these scissors. I got one of each color. I am a lefty, and these aren't hand specific. They felt find holding in my left hand, and they even felt ok in my wrong hand (the right hand). I can see why these are a best seller. They are super sharp and have a good feel while being lightweight.

I have bought regular Scotch scissors in the past. In fact, these were ought to replace a different pair of scotch scissors that went missing when I moved. The 'titanium fused blades' are as good or better than the stainless blades. I think they might also be better than the expensive specialty fabric scissors I have bought in the past. Why would these be better? They are lighter weight. When you buy $50 pair fabric shears, they are heavy. That can really be heavy in the hand if you are cutting lots of things. I don't know if I would want these for cutting out multiple layers of heavy canvas or denim since they are lighter than my fancy ones, but they work great for most standard fabrics. I used a sharpie and labeled one pair for fabric right off so its only used for sewing.

I also used a pair to cut yarn and ribbon. I do a lot of knitting, and some yarns need really sharp scissors to cut cleanly. I haven't really tried them on paper. I usually 'retire' my older scissors into craft and paper cutting scissors when I buy new ones. So, I can't say how they work for that."
Very good and sharp scissors.  Great price.  Nice colors.
"BOUGHT AS A  GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER, WAS PACKAGED NICE. NO COMPLAINTS"
"The only reason I'm not giving more stars is because the picture has a blue accent and the ones I received had a purple one. I got them specifically for that blue because it matched my other office decor.
The scissors themselves work great and feel good in my hands."
If your looking for a scissors that will just do the job these are fine. I find they are not that sharpe and sometimes get caught up in fabric. Fair price for quality.
My old scissors were really worn out and these are perfect for everything that I need scissors for.  It's a good brand and I am pleased with the purchase.
BAD
"A nice set of scissors versatile and easy to use. I have distributed them all over the house (kitchen, office, bedrooms) so t"
"I ordered these scissors and saved them specifically to wrap Christmas gifts. I like having good, sharp scissors for easier cutting of the wrapping paper. I was surprised the find that these did not cut any better than my old dull pair. I should have kept my money."
"great price, really good stuff. definitely buy again"
Excellent Product
"I love these scissors, because they are built tough and they are sharp without being dangerous. The colors are nice and I prefer buying in a pack to get a better deal and more scissors!"
I've bought these twice now.  Once for me because I have 2 kids and we are always needing scissors and once for my grandma who can never find hers.  They cut well and have a good grip.
very sturdy and good and sharp
"So sharp!! They keep disappearing from the ""scissors drawer"" because everyone likes them so much they walk away. Stand up to the dishwasher."
Love these!
"Seems good and sharp so far.. Cuts paper and the well... Have a pair in the  office, kitchen, and laundry room."
"After buying scissors that seemed to dull very quickly, I saw these on a lightening deal and scooped them up. These scissors are very sharp and fit your hand nicely. For the price I paid I'm very happy!"
"I've had these scissors for a few months now and they are still razor sharp.

The handles are comfortable to use for both 'lefties' and 'righties', since they are basically symmetric down the center of the handle.

Its nice to have different colors from the 3-pack too, keeping them separate for meat, etc..."
"I bought a pair of these scissors from Target. My husband and I use them to cut everything: raw meat, boxes, small branches, everything! One pair is not enough. So I ordered three more.

I tried a pair of Westcott Titanium scissors I found at Walmart. The angle of the finger holes was really odd. I like the the finger position of these Scotch scissors much better."
Nice set of scissors
They have a very sharp edge for the price!
"This set of 3 scissors came in superb condition. They are very sharp so I would be careful around children.  I am using these for sewing and enjoy the fact that they are different colors so I can use them on different materials. The hand grip is comfortable even for someone like me with arthritis. I would highly recommend these but not for young children.
I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review."
"Great scissors! Comfortable grip, and cut nicely."
Nice strong scissors- Titanium!
great scissors!
"Fun colors, sharp"
"Great scissors, stay sharp, easy to hold/handle.  Comfortable grip."
great sharp scissors! Love the 3 pack to use in multiple locations in the house.
"So, we bought this 3-pack in 2011, so it has been about 4.5 years. I have used the heck out of these scissors, and they have mostly been awesome. They're more comfortable than other scissors that I have used and they have stayed sharp.

HOWEVER. We were just cutting through some security packaging and the handle of one of the scissors totally broke. There's no way to repair it. And as far as I can tell, there is no way to recycle it. Sooooo, I guess we're down one pair of scissors and the planet needs to take one for the team-? I do like these scissors a lot, I just want folks to know that it IS possible for them to break after only a few years of use."
Work Super! I use them with Sticker paper and other items.. Love em !
"As ordered, good quality scissors"
Great purchase for the price!
Good value for great scissors. Must-have for any home.
"I have three daughters and I gave each one a pair to put in their sewing box. These are great scissors and we don't plan on crafting with them, but they'd be awesome for crafts. They were supposed h a steal that I bought another set for myself"
Looks good!
These are great! Good value in a super sharp scissor. Don't mess with the tool outlet cheap scissors. These are so much better.
Very nice sharp scissors. The colors are attractive. Now I have scissors through the house and don't have to search for themm
I am surprised they don't cut anything but paper.
"I do tons of scrapbooking and crafts and I try a lot of scissors. I don't use comment about scissors, especially if they are pretty inexpensive. I basically liked the color of these. These are by far the best scissors I've ever used. Perfect for cutting paper precisely. Very well made and I am so glad I chose them. Great price, too!"
"opened a new office and needed a ton of stuff
this was part of the deal and we like it a lot"
Very nice product as well as very nice seller
The non stick part is bleh. But overall excellent scissors.
Excellent
"Compared to what I had.. well.. they were old and you'd think the old stuff would be better made.. And maybe when it was, but the scissors I had were really .. lets just say sucky.  These work, stay sharp.  Fit my hand."
Love these scissors. They are good quality and I can place a pair all over the house
"These are probably some of the best scissors I have ever used. The colors are great for helping identify which location the scissors came from.  Green lives in the kitchen, blue in my office, and pink with wrapping paper.  They have a very smooth cutting action and have never faulterd at anything I have thrown at them,  Highly recommend for anyone needing a set of high quality scissors."
I've been using these for nearly a year and they are holding up well. I like having scissors all over the house.
I loved it. Very good quality.
"These scissors are extremely light duty.  Nice and sharp for light fabrics, but if you plan on cutting Denim, they will last a very short time before becoming so dull that they can no longer be used.  They're ok if you are a ""snipper"" but if you plan on working them, either be prepared to go through the 3 pack very quickly, or try a different brand."
"These are great scissors to have around your house, or in my case, my glass studio. I like to purchase them when they're on sale and they work great for cutting kiln paper as well as anything else. If you buy them on the Lightning Deal, they're very reasonable. They do sharpen fairly well if you have a scissors sharpener. They hold up well to cutting a variety of materials like vinyl, paper, tape, mylar, etc. Definitely my go-to scissors in my studio."
Bought these just because I needed some new ones and they were at a good price. Very happy with them! Nicer than I expected!
THEY CUT STUFF GOOD!
work well
Bought these for my dad for Christmas because he claims I always steal the scissors.  He likes them and they work as expected.
"I had really hoped to give these five stars. Almost. They are GREAT in all respects but one.

- Pros -
1. Comfortable handle, good blade angle.
2. Sharp, and I doubt they will dim much over time, being Titanium-fused blades advertised to stay sharp beyond 100,000 cuts
3. Pointed tips, but not so pointed as to stab fingers.
4. Good length for most uses.

- Cons -
1. I personally want scissors that ""glide through"" paper. I don't know how else to describe it. For example, when you are cutting wrapping paper for Christmas presents, you know how with some scissors all you have to do is start the cut and then slide the scissors forward to glide the cut along until done. I own ONE pair of scissors that does this perfectly. I don't remember where I got them. I've been trying to find another pair like that, with no luck. Some have come ""close"", but not consistently. I suspect that if I were to try the stainless steel version of these Scotch scissors, maybe they would do it. I'm not ready to buy more scissors at this point though (I already own a ton of scissors now, after all my attempts).

Bottom line, I really do like these scissors, and will continue to use them, and wistfully dream of the day when I do find the perfect scissors."
Excellent transaction. Product works as advertised.
love these scissors!
"These are very nice scissors.  I feel it was a great value price for 3 pair.  We have them all over the house so no more running from one room to the next looking for scissors.  They're good quality, with a good fit to the hand."
These sissors are great they cut what needs to be cut and are big and handy so I have no complaints. Package arrived very quickly.
Purchased these scissors for my shop to cut paper.  LOVE the beautiful colors... sure beats the orange!  Cuts crisply and I have 1 saved for fabric use only and am very pleased with how it cuts fabric also.  A very versatile scissors at a nice price!
"I love these sizzors! I have 6 pairs around the house. I use them on everything. Fabric. Plastic. Cardboard. They work better then single pairs 3x the cost. 3 pairs for under $15 I was not expecting much. I'm always looking for sizzors so I bought these thinking they would be just cheap sizzors that I could have as a spares or for gift wrapping but I go for these every time. They cut beautifully. I have had these for over a year and they still just as sharp. I bought these for my mother and sister and they love them also. I don't understand the few bad reviews saying they are not sharp. What are you cutting, rocks? Love them. Buy them if you're thinking about it."
"I like these scissors so much I bought two sets! They're sharp, easy to use and the bright colors make them easy to find. I loved the no-fuss packaging. I've thrown out my cheap scissors and only use these now."
"not as sharp and strong as I like it..... look sharp, but not really..."
"Great scissors for the affordable cost. I bought a pair for myself (they even cut hair nicely) and for my Mom and sister. Very pleased and would recommend.  They cut paper beautifully and fabrics, too."
"great price, made well, durable, and love the colors.  keep a pair in each room."
Very high quality scissors at a great price
"This pack was a great value on a lightning deal -- 3 pairs for the price of one of the same model at a big box store. They are not as good as my Wescott scissors, but still useful for most daily tasks."
Best. Scissors. Ever!!!!!
"Working well thus far, time will tell."
This are really great and sharp! I use them on wired ribbon and it cuts right through the wire with no problems.
Nice scissors.
"Great deal.  Great quality. They work, unlike the cheap imatations."
Was always losing my scissors now I have a few
Fantastic scissors.  Cut well.  Comfortable to use.
"I bought several of these for gifts and was so impressed I purchased some for myself. Well made, sturdy, very sharp, nice weight, pretty colors and well packaged in a box. Highly recommend this purchase!"
Good purchase. Now I can find the scissors.
work well
"great find great buy, very sharp would recomend these to
my friends and family"
These scissors are great for the price.  Nice and sharp.
Love Love Love them!!! Perfect for every use!!!
Great scissors -- very sharp.  Glad we got these to replace our worn-out cheap scissors.
Nice feeling but not as sharp as I expected ( trying to rip cut xmas paper) but other than that they are excellent.
Great grip and sharp
Cuts great.
can always use new scissors and these work great.
"I got these for my mom for Christmas (that's what she wanted) and kept a pair for myself. They are sturdy, sharp and non-stick. Good price compared to others. Happy that I could give her not one but 2 pairs and keep one for myself. They each have a different color on them to give them each a separate job or room to live in."
Just as described
Great scissors for the price
very sharp
These scissors are the best!! Super sharp & last forever!! I won't buy anything else!
"Good but not amazing. Not that great at cutting cardboard that has dyed material on the outside. OK at regular cardboard. Fine for paper, tape, etc."
Work great so far.
These are great scissors and can even cut thin to medium thickness leather. I didn't buy them for that reason but tried them on it and it cut better than the leather cutting scissors I already had. Strange to get this excited about scissors but sure am glad I bought them!
"Bought these for the MIL who is an active quilter, she loves them."
Great buy
"These scissors are just okay in my opinion. What they do is adjust the scissors so they are tight straight out of the factory and over time they loosen up over time. I also use these scissors on cardboard which I guess you are not supposed to do according to a recent email about a warranty from 3M. Here is what their statement says.

""Thank you for supplying the additional information regarding the issues with your scissors.  The Scotch Scissors are designed for cutting paper and lightweight fabrics.  We do not recommend them for cardboard or plastic blister packs as these items can dull and nick the blades which will result in blades that do not cut to the expectations of you or 3M.  Our warranty for the scissors would cover manufacturing issues only.  If your blades have nicks in them that would be an indication that they were used to cut a tough item like a plastic blister package, or some other hard item.  For those types of items you would want to use a pair of utility scissors.  Your scissors would not be covered under the warranty based on the damage hat you have described.  We are sorry for any inconvenience this causes you.""

Furthermore I didn't tell them I used the scissors to cut plastic blister packs or anything like that. I also know titanium is very hard to shared so in sense, the scissors I have that have a few small nicks in them and have gotten dull over time are useless. Their claim of cutting over 100,000 items without them becoming dull is a bunch of bull."
Scissors okay but not real great quality.
"Excellent sharp scissors with comfortable grip and SHARP blades! They are easy to find and I love that the colors allow me to identify and use one for paper, one for fabric, and one for misc, so they stay sharp!"
These are great!
"Great scissors, great price."
Really nice scissors...they cut so smoothly and feel good in the hand!
Great quality - office supply scissors can not match this product for sharpness and comfort
These scissors work great. Recommended
"Excellent, comfortable-to-use scissors at a good price."
Good quality. Comfortable fit. Very sharp.
"We made pompoms. First we cut out cardboard circles - the scissors worked fine. Then we wrapped yarn around those cardboard templates and found that the tips of the scissors were not strong enough to snip through the dense yarn on the outside of the pompom. The scissors aren't terrible, but the blades are long and there is a certain amount of give at the tip so that there is not enough power to tackle dense material like wrapped yarn."
"GREAT PRODUCT,GREAT PRICE,I WILL RETURN I'M A SATISFIED CUSTOMER!"
The first one I tried would not cut a single layer of fabric.  The other 2 are okay.
They cut a little too well. I'm a little suspicious about how they're so sharp... is it witchcraft? Probably.
super sharp scissors and got them as an amazon deal. will they last? i think so.
This product does what it's supposed to.
Great scissors! Smooth and sharp!
"These is a set of hardy scissors. I'm glad I found a set of three because for some reason around my busy house, scissors always seem to be disappearing. I like the friendly colors, too. These scissors are very precise, as expected from the Scotch brand. I used them all through Christmas time to cut wrapping paper and even open bubble wrap packages and they remained as sharp as when I first got them. Highly recommended!"
Purchased approximately a year ago and two of three will not cut a piece of paper.
These are scissors which cut things as described.
really nice scissors
"Great everyday - multi purpose"" scissors.  I keep one near the mail center, one in the kitchen (to open chip bags) and one in my desk for every other cutting purpose that comes up."
"very sharp, nice to have three pair so we don't have to hunt down."
"hands down, best scissors.  I sew, I do paper crafts, and everything in between, and these rule."
I was in desperate need of new scissors and these are AWESOME and I got them at an awesome price! I would buy them again for sure!
Not so sharp.  Does not cut my plastic bags of food as well as my old one does.
Arrived quickly and the scissors are sharp.  Didn't  realize how dull the old scissors were
"Super sharp, love the colors. I'm always misplacing my scissors (not sure how I do that) so it's nice to have a set of three"
"These are super-nice scissors for my office drawer and make short work of any paper clipping that needs to be done. Of course scissors have a way of migrating their way around the house.

For precision cuts, which is what they're designed for, these scissors are the first ones I seek out. Some scissors aren't sharp all the way up the blade to the joint which makes corners and curves difficult -- not a problem at all with these.

For multimedia craft projects, these aren't ideal. Althouh they have the ""non-stick"" coating that does make them a little easier to clean up if you use them to cut through something that has been coated with something sticky, these scissors aren't what I'd consider heavy duty. One or two layers of construction paper they can handle just fine. More than that and you're out of luck.

I recommend these scissors without hesitation for paper cutting that doesn't require a heavy duty scissor. They're much better than what you'll find at a discount store."
"Awesome scissors, they are very sharp and I like the colors."
"Very nice scissors. Exceptional quality and make clean cuts. Buy this three pack because, let's face it, you're gonna lose a pair."
Sharp and easy to use
very sharp and a value of good everyday scissors
excellent. very sharp. nice grip / handles.
Good product for the price.
beautiful set of scissors. sharp and cute colors
"amazing scissors!
what more is there to say"
"These are VERY sharp -- for reference they cut cheesecloth perfectly with ease.  I ruined my old scissors trying to cut through a wire that had a much harder metal interior than I expected.  So I saw these on Lightning Deal and bought them.  The 3-pack was cheaper than a single pair of scissors, so now I keep one at my desk and one in the kitchen.  Trying to figure out what to do with the third pair!  Oh well, very glad to have these and highly recommend them."
"I have had these scissors for over 6 months now, and they still have remained sharp. They are my go to scissors for cutting heavier material and always cut smoothly (no rough edges) Could not be happier with these and would buy more of these if I find I need more."
Excellent quality for price
"This scissors are really sharp. I don't use them on fabric or anything like that, but for everyday use, we are absolutely in love with them."
Good scissors for office use
"Love these scissors.  We use one as the household scissors, one out in our office and I took one to use in my knitting bag to cut yarn.  These are so sharp and so smooth for cutting.  I will definitely buy these again."
"Thought it was a set of three like in picture, but only contains one. Picture misled me.
It was a gift I had sent to my mom, so did not realize till too late to return that only one came.
Nice scissors, but not worth the price I paid."
very nice scissors..sharp and well balanced
"These have been amazing scissors for the family -- I have the Nonstick version of these, too, which I use for cutting just about everything from Tape to Paper to Lower-grade Cardboard.  I got these as a gift for family, and one uses it for fabric, another uses it in the Kitchen for miscellaneous non-food projects, lol.  They cut well and last quite a while.  For comparison, I've had my Nonstick ones for about 3 years now, and they still cut like a dream.  I'm expecting these Ultra Edges to be in that same boat."
Best. Scissors. Ever. That's all there is to it!
Great scissors
Great!
I saw these on a black Friday deal. I picked them up and they are awesome quality. Very sharp and get the job done!
"Excellent Precision Ultra Titanium Scissors, my wife loves them, I don't use her fancy colored Ultra Scotch Scissors, she no longer uses my Red Multi-Purpose Scotch Scissors. They both beat those same price or cheap scissors of competitors."
"Very nice scissors. These are well made TITANIUM scissors. Best scissors I've owned so far. They cut rather well through just about everything I've tried them on so far. I've used them on paper, plastisc bags, old belts, leather, boxes, tape, clothes, tulle, and a few other materials. These are well worth the price, especially since you get all three scissors! I am happy with my purchase so far. These scissors didn't take too long to arrive either. It's awesome that these are titanium and not steel. I would definitely recommend."
The best I have purchased. Cut cleanly all the way to the tip of the scissor. Highly recommended. Have purchased wescot in the past and there is no comparison. These are the best
"not sharp at all very dissapointed terrible first time i tried to cut yarn nothing, i crochet was excited about getting these terrible do not order waste of money"
"these scissors are excellent for regular cutting and quite good for cutting sticky things like tape, but they still can pick up adhesive and then need cleaning with a solvent."
"I bought these as spare craft scissors.  They don't cut fabric as well as I had hoped, but still OK for paper."
Very sharp.  I have not used them much so I am not sure how long they will stay sharp but with the limited use I plan on I'm confident they will last me.
All good. Nice product. Thanks..!
Nice and sharp!  A great deal since I was challenged in all my various work spots around my house.  I am very happy with purchase!
Really nice.
Nice siccors work well and  nicely built
"These are excellent -- Scotch Brand, sturdy, smooth-cutting and very SHARP!"
Best scissors I ever owned.
nice scissors thanks
Excellent product  & fast shipping
Cant have enough scissors. Ours always seen to grow legs and wander off so we cant find them. Better to get a herd so maybe they will stick around.
"Sharp, cute, cheap!"
"Three pairs of good sharp scissors, for a good price."
Not a huge fan. Feel very tight when cutting and don't seem to pack that much power.
"Strong, sharp, great price, brand name.  Now we don't have to hunt around the house for scissors!"
These are excellent scissors.  I love the thin blades and use them in the kitchen as shears as well as the office.  A great deal.
"These scissors are amazing! After my friend and I were at work and absolutely sick of picking up pairs of scissors to cut something only to find THEY DON'T CUT, we got fed up and ordered these. And they're AMAZING! We're keeping them in our drawers away from anyone who might wander by as we're convinced they're so good that others might be too tempted to take them!"
Great price for a set of very sharp scissors.
"These are really nice scissors,  they have a substantial weight without causing fatigue. I like that there are three different colors, so I can keep a pair for each use. The best way to keep blades sharp is to use one pair for paper, one pair for fabric, one pair for hair, etc. I know they will last for years."
These are nice and sharp  and I love the color coding on them.  I bought the three pack to replace a pair that I have had for over a decade.  These look the same and I hope they hold up as well.
"Wow. Very sharp, very nice to cut with."
These just are not that sharp.  It's that simple.  I'm disappointed.
Unbelievable deal! Great quality at a great price.
Great scissors For a great price. They cut beautifully. Also it was a great price. 3 pair. Now I have one pair in each place where I need it and don't have to cart them around. Very quick delivery also. Wasn't supposed to receive until Monday But we see them today on Sunday.
"The scissors arrived semi-sharp with a coarsely finished edge.  This allows you to cut things like plastic packaging, but, they cannot slice-cut wrapping paper at all. The edges are noticeably more dull after just a few uses.  I did not expect a lot at this price, but these do not perform as well as the worn 10-year old pair they were supposed to replace."
"Love having sharp new scissors in the house.  Affordable for 3 pair.  Easy to find in the house, use the color coding to designate a pair for each room."
"Just as I expected, thank you."
"Good sharp scissors.
A little cheaper here with the 3 pack than I can find local.
Seems well made and cut very good.
Just bought this pack to replace the depot scissors than I have
dulled cutting open plastic packages from Christmas orders."
Great scissors. Very sharp. Would buy again.
Great quality scissor 3 pack
"This review is for the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Scotch-Precision-Ultra-Edge-Scissors-8-Inch-3-Pack-1458-3AMZ/dp/B005P58CYG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Scissors, 8 Inch, 3-Pack (1458-3AMZ)</a>. Who buys only one pair of scissors? You need one for that drawer that holds everything. One for the desk  where you work and good luck going across the house to find scissors that aren't even where you placed them last!  These scissors work really well and we even use them all day at work. I have had these for over two months now and they are just as sharp as the day I bought them."
"Ever have to forage to find the scissors you forgot to put back where they belong? These excellent quality scissors double and triple needed scissors so at least one pair is where it belongs! For gardening, they cut right through small plant branches and stabilizing garden wire and still cut paper perfectly. Also shipping boxes are a breeze to cut down for disposal."
"On time delivery, appear to be good quality."
Nice and work well
Nice scissors! Cut beautifully and easy on the hands
Good deal
These are good scissors. Not miracle workers. Fairly comfortable grip. I'll come back and update if they don't hold up well.
"The scissors are sharp, work well, and are comfortable.  But I'm used to letting go of scissors by opening my hand so the scissors just drop off onto the table.  It's not possible to do this with these scissors: the grippy colored lining in the finger holes prevents the scissors from sliding off.  To me that's a minus although some folks might like the fact that the scissors try to stay on your hand."
"Best scissors by far, sharp and precise cutting. Use for paper cutting as well as fabric cutting."
Great
Very sharp scissors which cut right through gauze bandages for a chronic wound.
Excellent quality scissors for a reasonable price.
this set of scissors are great for crafts and are very sharp! great price on the lightning deals!!
Great 3 packs of scissors very heavy duty sharp as can be. Great price on a lightning deal.
Great scissors for the price. Extremely sharp and nice to have when wrapping
These were much nicer than expected. Heavy duty feel and very sharp. Put together well and look nice.  Very satisfied with this purchase.
Good quality. I've always trusted the Scotch brand for quality and this product is no exception.
Great product! cuts clean through paper and seems to be very durable.
Works well
Nice sharp scissors.
"Slim design, and a bit more ergonomic than the stuff I've picked up at IKEA or Target. I coincidentally saw a review for these at wirecutter.com that rated them as the best. Their narrow blades and teflon coating make them precise, and sharp for a long time. I've learned that you need at least 3 scissors in a small family to make everyone happy. Let them use theirs; you have yours."
Nice and sharp
Very good scissors and I need them anyplace I am working on projects.
A very good deal! These are very sharp and fit well in my hand. Recommended highly.
"Not the sharpest , I haven't been able to use it for sewing projects"
Nice sharp scissors.  Good size.
Fabulous product.  Have purchased multiple times.
I'm always misplacing scissors so it's nice to purchase a 3 pack to keep in various rooms. The scissors are high quality and sharp enough to cut cleanly.
"They are scissors; they do their job just fine. They work great for wrapping presents. Always seem to lose scissors in our house, so the 3 pack seemed liked a great idea."
"I love this toaster for most purposes but never use parchment paper in it! I roasted some veggies on parchment paper and was holding my baby when I went to check on them. I slid out the tray and the parchment had caught fire!! So scary! Not like a little smoke but actual fire. Thank god I went to check on them. I think it
May have touched the bulb? But in any case be careful."
Very nice set for the price.  Nice and sturdy.
The scissors are great quality for the price.
These scissors are VERY sharp!  Good grip.  Give a very nice effortless cut!
great scissors  great pricw
"I purchased this set of scissors to replace  some really  old pairs that we had. From the picture the blades look silver grey. The Titanium actually makes the blades look  darker .

They are a full length pair of scissors, the blades come to a point and not to a blunt end as some scissors do. My grandmother prefers a blade that comes to a point. Her opinion is that they help you cut in a straight line.

The Handles:  have large openings with rubberized grips. Making it much more comfortable for people with arthritic fingers to use like my grandmother. They aren't awkward for someone with smaller  slender fingers like mine to use either. The  color coated handles help separate the set for different tasks.

The Blades.: Easily cut through paper ,  cloth, tape , packages, hair and if your not careful your skin.

I would highly recommend these scissors to others."
Purchased these scissors a few months ago. So far they have stayed sharp.
They've cut everything I've needed them to cut and some things I haven't.
"Great deal.  I am constantly misplacing my scissors.  Now I have one for the kitchen, laundry, and junk drawer."
I was surprised how much I love these scissors for all purpose scissors.
Awesome craft scissors at a great price!
"I got these for use in my classroom, so they aren't used for much other than cutting paper. Still, they holdup well with being handled a lot. Worth the price in my opinion."
"Great scissors. Cheap, fast shipping, smooth cut."
Like them a lot!
I got this set on sale. Good scissors.
"Love these scissors, very sharp and are very comfortable!"
"Sharp, does the job.  Little uneven on the weight, and anything past 20 sheets and it has serious trouble cutting, but it works."
Light weight  and Cuts great
As Described. Worth the extra expense.
Price and quality is good for some very sharp scissors.
"These are nice quality scizzors, working well for our business."
They work like they should.
nice
worth the money
Love these!
Great scissors
Nice quality shears for a great value!  I've paid more for scissors that didn't do the job - these have even blades that meet all the way down the cut!  I'm happy with the quality and have them placed handily around the house - always a pair where we use them!
"I have paid a lot more money for scissors and they weren't as good as these. Very sharp, comfortable and I'm left handed and they seem to work well."
They are great scissors  I have bought several other sets for presents
Love these scissors. I use them to cut cardstock and even 60mil thick magnets. I have also saved the pink one to use on food. I have used and washed it several times and it still works great and have not corroded.
"These are fantastic scissors and the fact they come in three different colours makes it perfect for a hobbyist.  I enjoying sewing, embroidery, card making etc, and I am very picky with how my scissors are used. I use one pair for fabric, one for heavy papers and one for miscellaneous. They work great on all of things I cut. It still amazes me how well they cut through a heavy fabric with the same easy as a piece of paper.  Highly recommend these!"
"Who knew I would ever feel inclined to write a review about scissors but here I am.  Not sure why I ordered these in the first place but once I started using them I was very grateful for whatever impulse it was.  These cut from the tip to the joint (?) without fail - again, without fail.
I had always bought generic scissors at dollar stores or at the check out or where ever and always the price was a factor.  Cheap, cheap, cheap!!  And I have scissors stashed in many places just so I don't have to go looking for one: both cars, both medicine cabinets, beverage cabinet, office desk, stove, refrigerator, laundry room, all bedrooms, basement and of course with my pet supplies.
With some the cutting wouldn't start until quite further down the blade and others could start right at the tip but once got further not so good.  Some were only good for a piece of string or a single sheet of paper.  So to wrap it up, good scissors."
"Who knew scissors could make someone so happy?  I am no scissor expert.  I have 6 pair of scissors from random Walmart back to school sales scattered around the house that are junk and randomly won't cut things.  Let me just say that I hate when things don't work. You will never have this problem with these guys.  I am not an expert crafter or sewer or anything but when I need to cut something, I want it to work.  I saw these scissors and thought it was a good deal so it was worth a try. The handle has a nice feel and the  scissors ALWAYS CUT!!  Sounds silly, but it's worth it.  I bought this last year and bought it again for my sister this year.  They are the perfect price point so I have what I need for my craft hobby and cut a perfect line without shredding anything.  And they are pretty colors so you can differentiate what you use it for if you are so inclined, or you can just be like me and say, hmmm, today I feel like being teal.  Enjoy your new scissors."
Great better than expected
"Great for medium to light-duty precision cutting.  The Scotch brand Ultra Edge Scissors are ground to a very sharp edge so produce a very clean, straight cut in paper or light card stock.  I've used them on coated photo paper up to 300g/m2 (approximately 0.28 mm or 0.011 inch) thick.  The Scotch Scissors blades are 2.1 mm (0.083 inch) thick and are fairly stiff, so don't bow or spread when cutting photo or construction paper.  My similar Fiskars (U.S.A.) scissors have blades that are 2.34 mm (0.092 inch) thick so are even stiffer and stronger. Of course, the Fiskars cost more than 3X the cost of the Scotch scissors.

I'd give these a full 5-star rating except for one issue:  The larger finger slot on the lower blade is a tight, and somewhat uncomfortable fit for my average size fingers.  I can get (3) fingers into the handle slot, but it's a tight fit.  Using (2) fingers doesn't give me the control I need. I have average (medium) size male hands/fingers, so these would probably be unusable for anyone with large hands.  My old Fiskars will easily accommodate (4) fingers and are not tight at all.

Otherwise, these are a good buy if you medium or large hands (male) or an excellent buy if your hands are smaller.  The thumb hole on the upper blade fits my thumb well, but may be a tight or even impossible fit for anyone with large hands."
"This is my second set of these sissors, I cut fabric, vinyl, and paper so I like that I can use one pair for each material and can tell the difference by the color of the handle, I use these daily and my first set is almost a year old and I am just now noticing that I needed a new pair, they are getting a little loose in the blades, so I wanted to go ahead and get another set."
"I used scissors every day and I love these. There is less sticking of tape, which can become a pain, with some. These are sharp, and well worth the price. The size and weight is your average sizing and the grips are extremely comfortable."
These are amazing scissors. I love them. They cut right through all the normal stuff. And they are comfortable to handle.
These are the best scissors. I bought some for work and then for myself.
Great scissors.. Mine were all worn out.. these are very precision and well made and cheerful looking.. nice to have 3 pair.. need to have them in several places ready for use. They seem very strong.
They cut well and seem sturdy. What else could you ask for from scissors?
Great Scissors!
Very sharp and durable.
"Great, sharp scissors and a really good value when on sale for $10 for the 3-pack.  Wait for one of the regular $10 lightning deal sales and you won't be disappointed with these (really, you won't be disappointed at regular price either but why pay it when they go on sale fairly often?)."
Best scissors ever!  Wait for a sale though.  Keep an eye on slickdeals
The first time I tried to cut fabric with these scissors I was so disappointed.  Horrible! The tip end does not cut. Too bad I didn't try them sooner because now it is too late to return them. Wish I could give a zero star rating. Don't waste your money!
"Having scissors stashed throughout the house is how I was raised. When one pair broke beyond repair, I thought this set may be a bit overkill, but I was pleasantly surprised. I've since bought a second set & most of my stashed pairs have been replaced with these. They seem to stay sharper longer, despite the abuse an average family can dole out. I'm happy!"
Average scissors. Good price.
The blades are sharp.  They feel sturdy for having plastic components.  Just the right size to place in my desktop organizer.
These cut great.
Decent general purpose scissors. I like to keep a few pairs spread around so people will stop using my good sewing scissors to cut plastic and paper! These are inexpensive and work well for most things.
Price was jacked up then reduced for the sale whick means it is no sale!
These are great. I use them for everything. Each color is designated for a different thing.
"These are good and when you catch them on sale,  it's a good buy."
Good scissors.
Poor quality. The tip of the scissors will not cut.
"great scissors, we get lots of good use out of them."
"I actually haven't used it yet (lol) but the thing feels very good in my hands and actuating it, it feels very sharp. Plan on using it on my felt owl project one day."
functional
"Great scissors. These things are super sharp and cut nicely. I would prefer the finger holes to be a little larger, but it's not even a problem."
"the first half (tip end) of the scissors was too dull to even cut through a tissue.  The rest of it wasn't much better.  nice shape, but if it doesn't cut, a scissors is pretty useless... as these were."
nice scissors.
best scissors ever!
"At the sale price of $10 for a set of three - which is what they were selling for at the time of purchase and seems - these are a reasonable bargain.  I probably wouldn't consider them for much more than that though.  They're only scissors.  They're about as sharp as any new pair of scissors we've used and seem generally well made.  It seems to me that the only thing that really might make them stand out is their ambidextrous design, but that comes with a seemingly unnecessary limitation, compared to models made specifically for right or left-hand users, in that they're not quite as comfortable, and can be more awkward, especially when cutting heavier materials, like corrugated cardboard.

I have a 20 year old pair of Fiskars that is no longer as sharp as these, but still cuts cardboard MUCH easier, due to the more ergonomic design.  But the Fiskars are almost useless for left-handed cutting.  These Scotch scissors cut paper and lite plastic, like bubblewrap, much better though, since they're newer/sharper.  There is an expectation that the Titanium blades will helps these scissors to keep retain their sharp edge longer.  But, that seems more marketing fluff than anything of practical use, as I doubt most will be cutting anything of such material that might dull steel.  And, if you are, I'd strongly suggest looking for something else.  As, again, due to the design less than blade sharpness, these scissors are even more difficult to use just cutting standard single-ply corrugated cardboard than other models.  The grip is too straight in line with the blades, rather than angled above them, as is needed for stiffer materials.

Two out of our set needed some adjustment from the factory.  The factory setting was too tight on the two, but was just right on the other in the set.  Adjusting the tension is easy enough with a flathead screwdriver, as these scissors are adjustable by design, no doubt to accommodate looser manufacturing tolerances.

If you're just cutting thin paper, fabric, and other flexible materials, this is a capable set of scissors and a decent enough value when on sale.  For stiffer materials, like vinyl, corrugated cardboard boxes, or even just heavier cardstock paper, you'll probably want to look elsewhere, for a product with more of an angled grip."
"Great scissors, amazing price!"
"Great scissors, very sharp and after a few months of ownership they are still holding up well."
"Great pair of scissors!  This is my second purchase, my previous ones are still in use. Saw it was on sale again and didn't hesitant to make the purchase.  They look sharp (no pun intended :p) with the white on colored trim.  The colored trim is a soft rubber that feels nice on your hands and reduces strain when cutting hard material.  I have used this with card board, hard plastic,10 gauge wires, vinyl and pretty much anything that I snip, snip, snip!"
"Sharp!  These babies are sharp and precise in their cutting.  I love them!  The 3 different colors are great because I tend to lose scissors by putting them back in the wrong place.  Now I have a pair for each of the main areas that need scissors (i.e. kitchen, wrapping, crafting, desk, garage, pick one!) and that area has a color assigned to it.  SO, now when I see a pair of scissors that needs to be put away I know which pair it is/where it goes according to the color on the handle.  I'm not wasting time looking for a pair of sharp scissors anymore, there's always a pair available!  Organized, sharp, easy cutting.  Great product for the price!"
"Great scissors at a great price!! Great quality, I know they'll last me for many years. Was able to get them on sale."
They are excellent for cutting a precise opening in Toaster Strudel frosting packets. 5 stars. Would recommend to a friend.
nice to have some good scissors around the house.
Great grip & sharp.
"Nice quality scissors, perfect for back to school."
Best scissors I have ever owned
"This is the second set I've purchased over the years.  I really shouldn't have bought the second set.

While they are scissors and they do cut, they do not do a great job of it.  They are sprinkled about the house for typical, daily needs (opening packages, cutting paper, etc.) and suffice at such, but they really do not cut as well as one would expect of even an inexpensive set of scissors.

In a few years when they need to be replaced I'll spend a few more bucks and go with something like Fiskars."
Really great sharp scissors and bi too.
"Great scissors. Comfortable, sharp, and do the job just fine even after a year's worth of use."
awesome scissors
Amazing scissors! Cut through many things!
THIS IS ABOUT MY 6TH PAIR TRYING TO GET SOMETHING TO CUT THAT HAS AN INSULATED HANDLE....IT WORKS..AND IT DOES NOT STICK TO STICKY OBJECTS AND CUTS LIKE A CHARM....
Non-stick scissors sound like nonsense.... Until you buy and try them! Great for duck tape crafts.
"Good value... good quality.  If current price is good for you, buy it."
"These are my favorite scissors, by far!! They're sturdy and sharp. I use them almost everyday to cut coupons and they definitely help get the job done quickly and efficiently! I purchased this same set last year also and they're still working great! I actually bought this set to store as a backup. My boys like using them too for school projects."
This was a great deal of the day so I could not resist the price  since I use scissors alot. So far they work great and they are tight and sharp. I hope they stay sharp longer then most of the scissors I own. I will update at some late date.
Good value
These are great scissors! I'd definitely buy them again. Sharper than a lot of them.
Great product. Super sharp too!
It is best for this price
"They came on time, simply packaged, and exactly as advertised.  They're lightweight but appear to be made well, with the tang going through the handle, unlike the cheaper pairs where the handle tends to break if you try to cut something thick like heavy cardboard.  Check around; I've seen the same set at Costco for less, but they're definitely worth the price here."
work great
"Very comfortable scissors in hand, and a nice length.  Longer than child scissors, but not too long to be unwieldy for adults."
Effective with tape. Used in our library.
"These scissors cut very smooth. Have used them for cloth, laminate cards, paper, etc and we are very happy with them"
Perfect for my needs
Very sharp
Excellent scissors!
These cut so nice!
"good quality for the price and the price is such that If they get lost in the office, I don't have to worry about it too much."
"These are the best scissors I've ever used.  What else can I say.....quality, quality, quality.  Only problem is sometimes they mysteriously disappear. I just took another pair up to my barn as the first pair 'disappeared'.  I need to order another set of these for sure.  Get them you won't be disappointed."
No complaints.
You can't beat these scissors for the price.  They are tight and feel like better quality than I expected.
Love these. This is my second order because people keep stealing them.
great
Needed some scissors and found these.  They really work well and are very good quality.
"Sharp, sharp, sharp scissors!  Bought these to replace missing Fiskars pair (later found). Fiskars were not this sharp new. If I was buying another pair, it would now be Scotch as my first choice."
Great scissors!
"I would say this without a doubt in my mind: a pair of good scissors is a blessing from heaven.
And it comes in a package of 3....
I already have 5 pairs of scissors in different brand and model and they don't last long. After a while, they just can't function well.
This product is sharp and strong (but not that strong to cut steel wires... I wouldn't try that).
It's a good choice of ""everyday scissors"""
"Hands down, best scissors!"
"Have one in the office, one in the kitchen, and one near my table.  They are excellent!"
good quality product
Got these on a lightning deal. Absolutely love them. Great quality scissors!
best scissors on earth. I buy a 3 pack once every 2 years
Very nice scissors.  The teflon coating really makes a different.  They fit my hands well and are comfortable.
Good scissors for the price.
These were a good value for the price. They are nice and sharp to cut paper and they open and close without any sticky drag. I also put them in the dishwasher to clean them after my kids craft projects and they cleaned up nicely.
"Comfortable grip, very sturdy, needed them to hold up to middle school kid's use and are nice and sharp. So far so good after about 4 months and a nice, stylish design!!"
"Very sharp, nice shear!"
sharp
good value.
"great scissors, great deal"
Something for all my uses!
They do not open/close well.
This is a great set of scissors.  Ya know scissors are scissors but for the small price you are getting a very comfortable pair of great working scissors.  You cannot go wrong with these.
"Ultra sharp scissors and I purchase extras when they go on sale. I have these in every room. I like that these scissors have a fine tip so I can actually ""pick"" at the strings of a shirt label without damaging the shirt. Nice grip and easy to use, well worth the price."
"Works very well, I'm glad I purchased these."
"These scissors are sharp and precise. These allow me to cut closely to appliques and have a comfortable grip, tool."
"These scissors are amazing! I am working with felt right now which can be a pain to cut at times - these cut through it perfectly! It also cut through thin fabric without any rips or stray strings. Since I have so many (not very nice) scissors laying around, since these have blades that are a dark, purplish color, it helps remind me not to use them on things like paper! After I received these and used them, when I saw they were on sale, I recommended my cousin get them as well and she loves them just as much."
Quite pleased with the cutting abilities using these scissors.
Just what I needed
Around my house Scissors grow legs I am glad I bought this they cut everything with ease.
flimsy
Nice! Sharp and sturdy.
"Purchased these as part of Deal of the Day and I wonder if there was something about this lot because I have purchased a variation of these scissors and found them a lot sharper.

These 8 inch scissors come nicely packaged.  There's the cardboard box to see in the picture with each scissor fixed in place inside. Each scissor has a plastic bag over the point to protect it.

What I like is that there is a screw which holds the scissors together.  This will let us tighten them in the future.  I also like the pointed end which is great for getting into small places and for snipping threads when sewing.

The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was that these scissors didn't seem to be very sharp.  The blades had a bronze-ish color and not silver so perhaps they've changed the blade material.  Okay for cutting regular paper; just didn't seem as sharp as the one's I've purchased in the past."
good buy.
"Very nice scissors, razor sharp and cut cleanly, comfortable handles.  This company has their act together."
Way better than the fiskars brand!!
"They're sharp!  They cut!  They will last a long time, and there are 3 sets!  Bought them to throw away some old ones."
"Great scissors for the price.  Our house eats scissors and we can never have enough around.  Not sure where they all end up, so I keep buying more."
"Great stocking stuffers, great price"
A
Nice and Sharp
Great scissors.  I like to keep pairs handy all over the house. I wash them in the dishwasher.  These work great.
"I cut the hell out of my thumb like the second time I used them.  5 stars, excellent scissors!"
Great price for good scissors!!!!
Great quality scissors.
Great price for three really good pairs of scissors.
"My wife loves these. Sharp, nicely fit in hands."
very good  yeah  nice price too  super fast shipping  i think it was only 1 day  wow
"Good shape, and cut well.  The blades are just the right length for most tasks.  Excellent scissors for the price."
It's more expensive than Staple's.
They wrok fine. Just what I needed.
works fine
Packaging wonderful and scissors sharp and color coded for different uses! Love Them
"I love these scissors so much that when they had them on the Lightning deal, I bought another set and threw all my other scissors away!! I am an extreme couponer so I cut a lot!!"
Really great scissors. They're often on lightning deal and well worth the price.
Very nice set  Very sharp great for everyday use
They do not cut material these are paper scissors
Love these scissors! We moved recently and I needed scissors for packing and lining cabinets. These have really stood up to heavy use.
These are great scissors.  Perfect for home or school and the blades are sharp enough for most projects.
Great scissors.
Very good scissors. Worth it for ten bucks. Would recommend these scissors to anyone.
"You can never have to many scissors, these work great for the price."
"*huge* improvement over the cheapo drugstore scissors I grew up with, definitely buy these"
"Great scissors. These cut extremely well without being hard to open and close. My hands have arthritis in them, so if I do a lot of cutting with some scissors they cramp up pretty quickly. You do have to exert gentle pressure to open and close, but they are much better than a lot of scissors this size."
Quality scissors for the price
"Nice sharp scissors. I must say I really like them, they seam to stay sharp and will buy them again."
"These are sharp, titanium scissors!  Work really well, and colorful as well.  I don't recommend it for children, however.  They will probably cut themselves... Extremely sharp!!"
Great
Very fast delivery.  Very nice scissors.
Super sharp!! I can cut through thick fabric no problem. Loved these so much i bought another set of 3 and threw out all my old scissors
"I am very pleased with the scissors.  I feel they were intended to be used on paper cutting, but I am cutting fabric, and they are holding up just fine."
Liked them!
Everyone is going to get a scissors in their Christmas stocking
"Can a person have too many pairs of scissors?? I keep a pair of these in my car, work, etc. They are medium range scissors but work very well for the price."
"Quality scissors, work well."
Nice scissors.  A well-made 3M product.
"Having bought Fiskar's Titanium non-stick before, I decided to try these Scotch ones. Bad mistake! I wish I could return them. For one thing, they are not nearly as sharp as the Fiskar's. Secondly, the Titanium finish is a joke. We cut though items such as shipping labels, and it takes a long time for the Fiskar's to start to gum a bit. Not these. It is as if they have NO finish on them, because they get loaded with glue right away. Not sure if I got a defective set, but this is the last Scotch set I am buying, and will definitely buy Fiskar's again next time. Live and learn.

Followup: I have attached a photo to show how much the glue from labels attach to the ""non-stick"" surface in a just a week. Trying to scrape that off without scratching the surface requires a ton of elbow grease, rubbing with alcohol. Had I had the original box that they came in, I would have returned them to Amazon; instead it was money down the drain."
Great scissors!
as advertized
These scissors are the best I've found. I highly recommend them.
great price
work real good
Couldn't be more pleased---excellent scissors.
"Bought this on the deal of the day sale,very sharp scirrors,cut well,and my large fingers fit fine."
BEST SCISSORS I EVER OWNED..THEY ARE GREAT!
great scissors.  They hold up to all sorts of projects and keep their sharp edge and bright white and colorful handles.
These scissors are perfect for every day use
"Bought these during one of Amazon's special sale deals. LOVE them! Set of 3 is perfect to spread throughout the house. They cut flawlessly. Can cut thru multiple pages without any problem. An issue I have run into with some scissors is that they don't like to cut thru multiple sheets in a straight line. I don't find that to be the case with these scissors.

Construction is durable and I don't have any worries with them. Definitely recommend if you are in the market of good scissors."
Great price and the quality is very good.
"If you like to cut things, then these are the scissors for you.  Plus, there are 3 pairs, so when your kids run off with a pair or two, you still have one left.  Bonus."
Beat scissors l ever owned.
"3M is one of the finest companies in the world.  Never hesitate to buy a 3M product.
These scissors will last a lifetime."
It leave uglie black mark on everything it touched.
"Just as described.  Sharp!  Perfect for cutting cloth, and having three allows me to reserve each for a specific use--cloth, paper, and...."
Great scissors! Even better price!
"These are great, I just wish they were able to be sharpened. Once the edge is gone, they're useless and won't hold a new edge."
"These work really well for daily tasks, but don't expect them to handle major cutting tasks."
My father bought this scissors for me. I really thanks my father because this scissors is really sharp and easy to cut. Perfect fit to my finger. Very sturdy and good quality. Highly recommended
These work great as scissors for just cutting small things. But they aren't the best scissors for cutting thicker things. The blades seemed to be facing a different direction and it makes them harder to use. They're not like any of my other left handed scissors in that way.
Very Sharp!
I love these and will be getting more.  Every room has a pair but want some more for various project areas.  These shorter blades are perfect for most cutting jobs.
"I have two sets of these so I can have scissors available when and where I need them. These scissors cut paper, plastic and dog hair really well. They cut dog hair better than scissors that were designed to cut it."
"These are the most comfortable, sharpest scissors I have had for years! The lovely colors are a bonus! Good price!"
Very good scissors for the price.  Happy with them.
Much better quality than I expected
Excellent Service!  Excellent Product!  Excellent Price!  Buy It!
These scissors are nice! Highly recommend them!
I love these scissors! They're so pretty! And BLACK soooo coooool!!!
"Great deal when I got these.  Bought a spare set for my Mothers office, my quilting room and the hubbys office.  This was an amazon lightening deal and was right around nine dollars.  Wise investment."
Great!!
"These scissors are sturdy and cut well. I use them to open packaging. I like the fact that they are sharp but with somewhat rounded edges and also plastic handles. The design is attractive. I find these to be light weight and easy to use. I have smaller hands and these are not a problem for me. They are made by a good brand, also."
Grape scissors for a great price second three-pack we purchased
Very good
Good price
Nice and crisp. Cool colors. Not sure what I'm going to use the other 2 scissors for.
Well satisfied with all the products I bought
"I am greedy when it comes to my scissors - and people are always running off with them!

Packaging/Shipping: arrived quickly, packaged well and undamaged

My Review: I ordered this set of scissors because I thought it was a good value - the bonus being that they are different colors allows me to color code their use! Having never used Titaminum scissors I was intrigued how they would cut ... so far they have cut everything from tape, to yarn to jewelry wire crisply and without issue.

Notes/Final Thoughts: These scissors are quite strong and the molded grip makes use quite easy; highly reccommended if you have scissors for various reasons - you can color code your use!"
"Scissors are scissors.... right?  Wrong.  Such a difference when you are using GOOD scissors....  I didn't realize this until I started to use ""Good"" scissors.  I am very glad that I bought these scissors.  Very easy to use, clean cut, and easy on my hands.  Highly recommended."
one pair is a little shady but the other two seem to work fine.
Surprisingly sharp and well built for the cost.  I think these are a great replacement to my 12 year old no name brand scissors that finally lost their edges.
great colors great for cutting!~
I needed a few scissors for small things around the house and went to the store and bought a double pack. The scissors left something to be desired!! I'm sure some of you know what i mean by that. I was really frustrated how weak they were out of the box. Then i ordered these Scotch scissors and have not looked back. They cut very well and for the price are more or less the same cost as the cheapest option. Highly suggest for anyone looking for some new ways to cut things around the house.
Sharp scissors!!!!!  Love these scissors. I like thate they are all different colors.
"How can you go wrong with three pair of wonderful cutting sissors for this price? I keep them all over the house, but one pair I use only for paper which is very hard on any sissors (paper is wood)."
Better than I expected very sharp.
Great product.  Won't need to buy scissors again for a looong time.
This is my second purchase of these and the first set still work great after ore than 3 years.
"Never thought I'd rave about a pair of scissors. I mean, I have kitchen ones, a couple cheap ones, and some on my multi tools but since I rarely have the need for a pair of scissors, they really aren't high on my list, and the cheapie ones have served me well. After trying this one outI'm impressed. So sharp, it feels like I'm cutting with my knives. I was cutting out a whole bunch of platic covered products in those ""tamper proof"" packages. This thing made short work of them, and stayed sharp to boot. The handles were comfortable too, something I'm not used to when I think of ""scissors"". I could probably use this all day without discomfort. This pair is going into my drawer and I'm dumping the crap ones I used to have. I might even buy another pair just in case."
Well made.  Looks great.
Bought these scissors as a lightening deal.  They work great for crafting and cutting out laminated school materials.  I also put a pair with my sewing materials because they cut so nicely.
great scissors.
"Nice medium size, sharp, good value for 3 scissors and was happy to see that they are different colors.  Now I have one in my desk, one in the kitchen and one in my bedroom where I do gift wrapping."
"The package of these scissors say they are specifically for fabric, crafts, and photos and these scissors can easily handle these and more. They excel in pretty much every category I could think of, comfort, sharpness, aesthetics and price. They fit in my average size hands very well and they have just enough tension where they are good for very precise cuts while not being too tight that they tire your hands out. I highly recommend these if you are looking for a pair of new scissors."
good and sharp
These scissors work great an are a great value for a high quality item.  These scissors seem to disappear from the office though so maybe they are too nice! But I will keep ordering them!
"Nice quality scissors.  They cut nicely.  I like the three pack, it is perfect for each of my kids to take to school.  These are not for little kids.  The blades are long and sharp."
"Great, sharp scissors.  So glad I have them!"
Kitchen necissity
nice scissors. Work well on a variety of materials
"I've used other 'highly rated' titanium scissors, but I've found they still have the problem of the material getting bent/stuck between the blades, especially as the cut progresses, forcing the user to only cut near the innermost part of the scissor. These scissors seem to have more pressure keeping the blades pressed against each other as the cut progresses. Indeed, they cut extremely well and are now my favorite scissors."
Exactly what I needed!  I didn't know scissors could be and stay so sharp.
"This was my second purchase of this multi-pack, first from a warehouse and now as an A* deal. I wish I coulda bought more on the deal <wink>. The first set is very light, very solid (a ""light hand,"" I think) and were still the sharpest in my dedicated shears canister after three years. New set has new coating and are ""Dead Again"" sharp."
Sharp like a razor
"I bought these for my wife who is a teacher. If you know any teachers, this would be an excellent gift. Trust me, this is much better than an apple."
These scissors are amazing. The non-stick feature is cool. I can cut fabric without the drama! I can cut heavier tapes (like duct tape) without the drama. Life is good. These are a nice addition to home or office supplies.
"I recently purchased a 3pk Scotch Non-Stick 8-inch scissors .
All scissors came extremely sharp.
The scissors have screws at their pivot point to adjust the tension between the blades.
I think you could shave with them."
"These are great scissors, very sharp, easy grip. A+"
Love these!
Great !
Great set
these are scissors. they were on sale for half price. i need some scissors so i purchased this three pair set. they cut things. the handles are pretty
"These are okay for the every day use. I actually needed one for cutting fabric. But the quality it not any different than my 40 year old pair that I still use. But, these certainly beat the quality of department stores. Plus I didn't have to go out to buy them! I do not recommend trying to cut someones hair with these~not precise enough."
"Great scissors! My daughter wanted to take one right away, so it is a good thing I got a pack of three. I really like how well they work and the nice colors they come in."
"Love these scissors. We go through scissors like crazy with my Color Guard girls, and these are the best and longest lasting I've found. They are sharp enough to get through tape no problem, and delicate enough for cloth. These were a super find and a great deal. Will definitely order more in the future."
Great!  Really like this item !
Works as advertised.  They actually cut.
"They do what they're supposed to do. Works on paper, plastic, fabric. Tired of ripping wrapping paper with your cutting utensil? Shredding your thread? These are your answer. Having different colored handles means that we know where they are supposed to live, so when they get left out, they're easier to put away. So much more affordable than my ORANGE ones. They seem to do sewing jobs with as much ease, so we'll give them a few years for comparison, but I think I may have found a new favorite. Not quite as comfortable in the hand, but that is a relative term given the ORANGE ones weren't all that comfortable, either."
Love these scissors
"Truthfully, the best household general use scissors I have ever owned. Works great in the kitchen, office, and in the garage. Shaped to avoid pinching your hand as well which is common with most scissors, especially if you have large hands."
"They work well, look nice, what more can you ask for."
Nice set of scissors.
"Excellent value.  A ""good"" buy!"
"Probably the best scissors I ever had. They cut amazingly and they've retained their edge 6 months later. I don't use them as frequently (maybe a few times a week, definitely not every day) but they always do the job amazingly."
good quality
Love these!
"I bought these at a local arts and crafts store because I needed scissors and the concept was nice. Next thing I knew, I found myself elbow deep in a project involving five kinds of tape, six kinds of glue, and a boatload of cutting. These scissors performed admirably, cutting through aluminum tubing, yoga mats (don't ask), super sticky metal tape, and even super glue infused foam board without missing a beat. Until I had to cut Gorilla Tape.

The first cut was fine, maybe even the second, but by the third cut, adhesive residue had built up to such a point that the scissors tore, more than cut, through the tape. The Gorilla adhesive was easily removed by rolling it off of the blades, but this is dangerous; these things are sharp! I also have to cut through Gorilla Tape much slower than other tapes or materials to avoid the tearing and binding.

All in all, these are awesome scissors. I've never had any other pair that was more effective for art projects."
Great scissors for the price.  I use them mostly for cutting wrapping paper and coupons. Very comfortable on my hand.
I love this. I suffered that blades of scissors were getting dirty after I cut stickers and tapes. These sticking materials were hard to remove. These problems never happened to this product. I'm very happy that I can cut anything without worrying about the after care.
"Non-stick is a bit of a stretch for these. Cutting a few pieces of poster tape left adhesive residue on the blades that was very hard to remove. They are extremely sharp, however."
"In this pack of 3 scissors, you get an identical pair of purple, blue and green. They are sturdy, with a nice rubber type grip inside the handle which makes them very comfortable to use. The blades are made of titanium and they open smooth and easily without sticking. They are very well made, and solid. I was looking for new scissors since my trusty pair has gotten very dull. They cut well, and smooth. I cut paper, thin cardboard and plastic and they cut right through all of it with ease.

I am pleased with these. I shouldn't need another pair for many years.

Added 11/8/11:
These are very sharp scissors, and I knew this, but I nicked my pinky finger with them tonight, and it bled instantly. That being said, these are not for children as I just barely touched my finger with the side of the blade. I'm not complaining, I just need to be more careful. I still love them and they are still the best pair of scissors I have owned."
Nice collection of scissors that are sharp and precise.  Glad I got more than one pair - I have been able to put them in different places for convenience.
These are great scissors for the price.  I use them for everything.  I've had them about 6 months and they still cut like they're brand new.  Very lightweight yet get the job done.  I would not recommend for cutting heavy or thick things like material but for general household scissors they are great.
"Well made, would buy again"
I like it a lot.
Nice product.
I bought these when they were a lightning deal and I am very pleased with them. They are great quality and are very sharp
Love these!
Perfect
"So I read through the reviews and was shocked to see people say these broke quickly (makes me wonder if they were trying to cut bars or things besides paper). Scotch is a good brand of office products. My scissors were sharp, the colors matches the pictures, and they are comfortable even though I'm a leftie. I even tried bending this and they didn't break. I know these will last me a while at work. Would only recommend for adults. Not for kids."
These are very nice scissors.  I bought them because disappearing scissors is a phenomenon in my house.  So far I have been able to find a pair of scissors when I need them.  So far only one pair are missing.  I will not hesitate to reorder these scissors when the next pair disappears.
They cut well x 3.
Work great.
"Love these scissors, they are so smooth."
"These scissors are great.  The handle is comfortable, the blade is strong, the open and close action is good, and the scissors work very well.  In the 9 months that I have owned them, I have never experienced any problems.

These scissors are sharp enough to cut through paper with precision, and are heavy enough to handle heavy duty cutting.  They can handle cutting through multiple documents at once, which is a nice feature that can save quite a bit of time.  If you need to cut out the same shape from multiple documents, you can stack them together in a few piles depending on how many documents you have.  Then you can follow the shape on the top document with the scissors and cut it out.  The result will be multiple instances of the same shape from the different documents.

They also have nice action.  This means that the scissors open and close with ease, but not too much ease.  If the scissors opened and closed with too much ease, there would be less strength behind each cut.  If they opened and closed with too little ease, it would be very difficult to use them.  However, with these scissors, there is no problem with the action.

The grip handles are very comfortable as well.  The grip is made out of rubber material, and the size of the two openings is larger than other scissors, which makes the grip comfortable for small and large hands alike.

Overall, I would recommend these scissors to anyone who needs strong, reliable scissors."
"These scissors have a strangely uncomfortable feel in your hand.  Also, the tip doesn't seem to come together properly.  I would not recommend buying these.  In fact, I wish 'I' hadn't bought them!"
Comfortable and cuts well!
great product and price
"Wonderful kitchen scissors! We have used office style scissors in the kitchen for decades, and while they are not as good cutting through larger bones they are far better than those expensive culinary scissors for most things. I recently replaced an aging pair with this three pack and we were immediately impressed with how well made they are, and then how cleanly they cut through foods and packaging.  Kudos! With a per-scissors cost of approximately 8 dollars these are the best kitchen scissors on the market, at lease for non-professional cooks."
This pack of three are really nice scissors for the price. Seem really sharp and durable.  I kept one and gave one each to my daughter and daughter-in-law.  Anyway...Who doesn't appreciate having a 'good' scissors?  Nice to have when you need one!
pretty heavy duty for around the house cutting
"Love these. They are really sharp and handy to keep in kitchen, office desk, living room side table,etc."
"Good for every room in the house. They're just the right size for keeping in the bathrooms, garage, workroom, etc."
Awesome scissors. Sharp edges produce clean cuts.  The colors are great.
Really good scissors!!
great buy
"sharp, good price!"
Great scissors. They are so sharp and smooth!
Amazing cut!
I am very happy with these.
"These are a great set of scissors. Light weight, easy to hold and very sharp. My wife needed new ones, and she's thrilled with them. Price is great too."
Wonderful scissors!! Such a great price and the quality is awesome. They've stayed super sharp and they are a nice big size. I love the colors and they feel really nice. I use a pair for cutting fabric and they cut it like butter. Highly recommend!!
Good!
"Once you use these scissors, there is NO GOING BACK! These are the absolute best scissors ever! In fact they are so good, one day I was cutting out a label and since it doesn't stick to the scissors, a piece of the label fell onto the table. Well, the table actually got a little ruined because I had a really hard time getting the label unstuck from the table. My bad though, I should have had a towel or another piece of paper under where I was cutting! Lesson learned and hopefully you will learn from my mistake. Highly recommend."
These scissors are not any tougher than others. I tried to cut a bunch of tissue paper together and they broke right away. They don't even cut paper properly. DO NOT BUY. Get some real scissors.
Love these scissors...I can use them for simple paper cutting as well as for fabric.
Good value for the money. Now it's easy to find a good pair of scissors around our house!
"Very sharp, exactly what I needed!"
"Very sharp, very sturdy.  We cut everything with these."
"these are great scissors and they have a good feel to the handles which I have med-large hands and thick fingers  but they are not to tight only a little snug, you won't be unhappy with these"
"I bought three packs for the house and am now never without scissors when I need them.  However, for sewing, stick with sewing scissors, still work better for that.  But these scissors are great for everything else."
Best scissors ever !
"Saw the high reviews and bought these on sale. I must say, we are disappointed by the scissors. They have dulled after only a year of occasional usage. Nothing out-of-the-ordinary either, just around-the-house use has caused all three sets to dull to the point of uselessness.

Main cons:

1) The design of the scissors makes them very weak at the tip. The long blades make it very difficult to get any cutting force to the tips of the blades (for opening packages from Amazon, for example).

2) The blades have dulled very rapidly. We feel like they have dulled much more quickly than other brands, and this is especially noticeable because we purchased 3 pairs!

Main Pros:

1) Handles are ergonomic and comfortable to use

Would NOT recommend to others. Wish this wasn't the case, but we can't deny the results of everyday use."
Great for a teacher!
Great scissors! Even the stickiest stuff doesn't stick to them.
Super awesome high-end scissors.
They do the job well.
I'm always on the lookout for scissors.  I like these the best and will buy more in the future.
Excellent product and at a good price.
Been using these scissors for the last 4 months and they're still as sharp as they came. They have a good quality feel to it that makes you want to keep cutting things!
love these!
Great heavy duty scissors
"They're sharp, turns out you can cut things with them! Don't need to use my teeth anymore."
"I've only used one pair of these, because they just don't dull.  I use them to cut fabric, and they make a cleaner cut than my expensive sewing shears."
"I don't know why i didn't purchase theses sooner.  Now every body at my house has their own with there name on it.  No more borrowing my sewing scissors and getting them dulled up, and making mom mad!"
"cut as expected, great for around the house"
I love these scissors they are super sharp and great to have around. I love having 3 pairs so I can't loose them.
"Okay scissors.  I got these on an amazon deal so I cant complain much.  They appear to be well made and look fantastic.  After about 3 months of light use, a few birthdays and some around the house use.  These scissors have left me a little bit disappointed. When I try to cut wrapping paper I have to open and close them all the way across the paper.  My expectation for Precision Ultra Edge scissors would be,  at the minimum I should be able to hold the scissors half way open and slide them all the way across the paper to cut it.  I have other scissors that are years old and still have this ability."
perfect!
Love these! Great quality. I have had these for a pretty long time. I bought a couple more sets for others at work and they last a long time.
Very nice scissors and I like the different colors.
Best scissors I've ever used. Seriously.
"Strong, long enough for extended straight cuts where you need to move the scissors forward in steps, very comfortable at least for a smaller type of hand .These scissors solve that problem, they really are non-stick,they are very sharp,the price was right. Bought these on a lightening deal to boot, great price!"
"Top notch. Well made, feels sturdy and is very sharp. Good for both left handed and right handed"
"These are incredible. Nicest pair of scissors I've ever owned. The quality is amazing for the price, and they really are Non-Stick. I've gotten sticky substances on them several times, and they just come right off (either through natural use, or a simple wipe with a dry paper towel and boom, it's clean as new). Very sharp too, cut through almost anything (even those really difficult hard plastic packages!) with ease."
If you are not using great scissors you are really missing out. These scissors fit your hand and the handles are soft and comfortable. The blades are sharp and well finished and they cut clean and smooth.
Nice scissors - sharp and cut great - nice cushioned grips too!
"Not too long or short. Cuts through cardboard, too. as long as it's not very thick."
Scissors came extremely sharp.
"Well made, cut great, very light and comfortable."
Sharp and inexpensive. Great value
Good scissors for general use.
"you can buy them at costco for 9.99 for the same thing, 3 pack for 9.99 at costco"
These cut very smooth and without tugging.  I love the colors and the lifetime guarantee.
Great scissors. Quality product.
Great set of scissors. I got them at Christmas time as a deal of the day. Super cheap. Great quality scissors and now I'm not searching the house always looking for a pair! Comes with 3 pairs.
good value
Great set of scissors for the price. Precision Ultra Edge is a good descriptor; scissors are very sharp and cut through materials easily. Colors are attractive as well.
these were very nice scissors for the money
Excellent scissors
"Bought these for work, very sharp. Work great! Good quality scissors!"
"You can never have enough pairs of scissors around since they always seem to disappear in my house. These are perfect for everyday use, and cut a clean sharp line. Liked the variety of colors."
"colorful.
adds appeal to the office."
This was a great deal for general use scissors. They work well and have kept a decent (not great) edge so far. A good value.
I want to find scissors for my daughter in grade school. Its good that I bought this because my daughter has many projects such as art work and other stuff. She said that the rubberized handles made her comfortable on cutting papers for her project. She was very happy that she got a high score for her project because the scissors that she used is truly amazing.
"Nice scissors, not much to say, they work as I expected and they have a comfortable handle."
"these were a whim purchase, a daily special, didn't really need more scissors until they arrived. They really ARE sharp, great for crafts."
Love the scissors. I give it a 4 cuz they still get a little sticky w/some tapes.
Great scissors for the price!  And I know have them where ever I need them.
Just exactly what I ordered. Very sharp and smooth operations. Leaves a clean edge on every cut. They do not feel very heavy duty though and if your using them for more than an average house hold use like paper cutting and light crafts you may wear them out quickly. I would not expect these to be used regularly for cutting things thick carboard.
"Very sharp, inexpensive, quick delivery"
Great Product.
"I purchased these through Amazon over 2 years ago, and they are great.  I use them exclusively for my paper crafts.  They are extremely comfortable, cut cleanly, and handle beautifully.  They only reason I am ordering another set is because I would panic if something were to happen to my current pair."
Very good.
Love these scissors...very sharp and good price.  Quick shipping too.
"OK, but nothing fantastic"
Like it!
Satisfied
Very nice scissors. And they feel good in my somewhat large hands.
Sharp and they cut!  What more could one expect.
These scissors are awesome and I love that they have different colors on the handles. Very sharp!
"Ergonomic, sharp, easy to use."
good quality scissors
"These are nice sharp scissors but took off a star because when I close them, they aren't that smooth cut you get with other scissors. It's like they need to be oiled."
Cuts smoothly. Now I have three of these babies. I promise to do my best not to lose them in any way. I'll try okay?
"I run a small business designing jewelry for I need scissors everywhere.  I wasn't really
happy with the degree of sharpness but these were a good bargain."
Excellent product and price. Would buy again.
Nice cutting
These seemed much sharper than the last time I  bought scissors. Nice grip..Reasonably priced.
"I never thought I'd review scissors, but I love these scissors.  Sharp, solid, cool looking."
great scissors great price
Okay.  Little disappointed.  They do not open and close very smoothly.  Expected better quality.
Glad I ordered this scissors because it is such a great deal!
good scissors
nicest scissors I've used
great scissors at a great price
"Excellent office scissors for the price. They work great and last a long time. Being an accounting firm, scissors get a work out during tax season especially so these have been put to the test. Still sharp after a whole year. Much cheaper than some others yet last just as long."
good scissors
Great quality
scissors that are truly SHARP. and have a nice grip. I have to hide mine to keep one available for personal use. They tend to wander away for my husband or children to use.
Kind of flimsy
Good price for threes 3 pairs of scissors. They feel good to hold and cut just right.
cutting sticky stuff doesn't get on these
great scissors
It works
"The item arrived promptly and in excellent condition!  These scissors are light, sharp and comfortable!  Highly recommend!"
best scissor i had ever need one lost last i had
"Sharp, comfortable grip, and durable -- exactly what I was looking for. The color-coded dots on the pivot were an added bonus. Satisfied customer here!"
Love the different color handles. Titanium blades cut with ease.
"These are honestly the best scissors I've ever used, no question. They're incredibly sharp (and I've been using some for about a year- no dulling that I can tell), they're comfortable to use, and they're ""normal"" sized- neither bulky nor heavy."
Great scissors~helpful to have 3 as I always seem to be misplacing at least one pair at all times...
"Love these, they are sharp, easy to handle"
"Great price, real sharp, will buy again"
Great group of scissors. With the pack you can place one in three different rooms so your not running around looking for one. Cuts perfectly and haven't had any issues cutting anything. Great buy.
"These are good quality scissors and at a good price.

We use Amazon for most of our purchases and I update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own."
These are sharp and they cut hair.
Great buy!
Finally scissors that cut neatly.....
"I was initially skeptical about these scissors given the too-good-to-be-true price.

I was wrong.  These are effective scissors that are easy on the hand and cut well.  Great to have 3 pairs in my office.  Sure, they are not precision instruments, but they are functional daily use scissors that work."
Love these! Cuts anything I put in front of them.
Great big comfy scissors.  I was extremely pleased that they were this good at this low a price!
ok
Durable and sharp scissors. I put a pair on each floor of my house so that I always have scissors nearby (don't you hate it when you can't find the scissors?) They are great for making precise cuts. I've been using them for about 4 months and so far they're holding up great.
These are great scissors. Fits nicely in your hand.
"pretty sure the best scissors Ive ever owned, DO NOT LET YOUR WIFE TAKE THEM OUTSIDE !!!, YEP, NOT GARDENING SHEARS !!!"
Got these for work and people were fighting over them.  They look and feel that good and they are precision scissors that have a nice cutting surface.
These seem to be holding an edge better than most of the scissors I've had in the past.
"Man... These are PHENOMENAL! I mean... How good does a pair of scissors have to be for a consumer to get excited about them? They are sleek, well-finished, tight-fitting, and are actually sharpened unlike most cheapos. The TIPS actually cut! Yes, you pay around five bucks a pair but they're so good I've stockpiled three boxes just in case they ever decide to discontinue them. BUY THEM NAO!"
Wow!  Exactly as Advertised.  Five Star Seller.  Thank You
perfect for my lefthanded grand daughter-in-law
I needed new scissors and these do the job. They are sharp.
"Great scissors!  Nice and sharp, appear to be well made, and fit the bill."
This 3 pac was a good idea.  For some reason we keep misplacing scissors---or I would prefer to say that my wife keeps misplacing scissors
Great value.  Never can seem to find a pair so I'm enjoying have three good pairs in different spots.
"Good scissors are not easy to find at a reasonable price, and these are good."
good
These scissors cut so smooth it is almost ridiculous. I threw out all of the other scissors in my house after ordering these scissors. No other pair that I have compares.
These scissors are remarkable.
"These are simply the best scissors.  Excellent/easy cut, comfy grips, very durable materials.  I highly recommend these scissors compared to anything else you could get at the store."
"I can have them in different rooms, and have them returned to the rooms they are supposed to be, since they were in different colors. I love the frustration free packaging too."
"Very nice scissors. I am a guy and use them for general duty, FYI. These cut easily and seem to stay sharp even after cutting plastic and cardboard. I recommend, would buy again, and I hope this helps someone"
great deal and still very sharp after many uses. every bit as good as my wiss brand of ssissors
"I have a pair of Scotch scissors that I love -- they're super sharp. I bought these expecting them to be as nice, but they're not. The scissors mechanism sticks and they aren't as sharp. I'm quite disappointed."
GOod
Really sharp and comfortable scissors
the best scissors i own.
Good scissors at a nice price.
I like them.
These are the perfect scissors! We have had them for about a year now and they have stayed sharp and are fantastic for everyday household use.
Really like these scissors
"Comfortable, sharp."
As advertised
Good scissors. Very sharp. Packaging was nice and easy to get them out of. Would buy again.
"These are really good scissors, they cut pretty much everything. Also, the colored handles are great for designating scissor uses (Which is actually a problem in my household- Now trimming aquarium plants can be done with the green scissors and not my fabric cutting (purple) or paper (blue) scissors. -_____-"
great to have some new sharp scissors!
Great pair of scissors...used it on my K-tape
I bought this pack of scissors for myself - for crafting and for every day use.  I homeschool so I am always cutting things out.  They have stood the test of time - we have had them for a year and they are still going strong.  They cut well and are easy to grip.
Ordered these because they are non-stick. These are the sharpest scissors that I have ever used. They work great and it is so nice to have the non-stick surface.
"I love these, fast delivery and super sharp."
Excellent Scissors!
"AWESOME scissors. Bought these to replace old, dull scissors to reduce the amount of frustration I have when trying to cut/open something. These accomplished that goal :)"
These are just really good scissors. I'm glad I bought the three-pack because they are a great product.
Good product
Ugly but VERY sharp and durable.
Great scissors
Great Purchase
"Now I know what I've been missing with cheapo scissors that have been in the drawer for years. The attention to design detail, along with the insane sharpness of these scissors makes them a great buy at twice the price."
Without a doubt the best scissors I've owned. I gave the other two sets to friends and both absolutely love them. I gave two pairs to friends as gifts and both love them and agree that they are the best scissors they have owned.
"Sturdy, sharp scissors."
Really impressed with how smooth cutting is with these.  Fingers are crossed for longevity.  Still afraid to actively use them on satin ribbon which is what dulled out my other descent quality scissors after just one roll of ribbon.
"Nice set of scissors, i am a craft person and always in
need of good scissors. Price was reasonable. Would
purchase again."
High Quality
"Okay scissors, seem to be durable."
"Best scissors I've used in a long time. Incredibly sharp straight out of the box, the colors are lovely, and they get the job done on paper, plastic, cardboard, and just about any thing material. They can and will dull if used on more than just paper, but they can be sharpened."
"Three pair of scissors and all have gone bad in less than two months.  The screw comes loose and it is almost impossible to get it back to the factory setting.  But why bother when it just comes loose again.  When they work, they work good but if it is something you want to use on a regular basis, don't buy these.  And just to clarify, they have only been used to cut cloth."
"I have both the nonstick and read to their versions of these scissors.  Theyre just awesome.  Im not a seamstress and I don't work with fabric all the time, and I don't do anything professionally that requires me to cut a lot of things.  Im just a plain ol home user that really likes things to work.  These scissors simply work.

The nonstick versions are really nonstick.  I was surprised.  Id tried to put a piece of scotch tape on the scissors and it barely grabbed.  If you ever cut things with tape on them you know how overtime, the tape glue will start to stick to the blade that you're using.  That doesnt happen on the scissors.  I know its a small thing, but its a great pleasure and not having a wipe the glue offer scissors now.  Its just one more first world problem thats been eliminated from me!"
"Great everyday sheers.  They fit nicely in your hand, comfortable and easy to use.  The three pack is handy- a pair for the kitchen, the garage and the laundry room!  My husband has abused a pair in the garage, using them on thick plastic construction items, without causing any dullness."
"The scissors came excellently package and had no defects on them. They are very sharp and are good for any type of use. The description said, ""3 pack of blue, green and lavender"", but the colors I received were more blue, sea green/teal, and pink. But I didn't buy the scissors because of their colors and definitely not worth subtracting a star for. The scissors are worth the prices."
Cheap scissors just don't cut it!  I ordered these scissors after pitching the ones I had.  Haven't been using them long but so far they are so much better that I'm thrilled.
"Very good and sharp scissors - I was happy to get three at a discount.  I'm tired of scissors only staying sharp for a few months, and I think these should last.  They are also quite easy to use with the balance and grip."
nice and sharp great sizors
"Very sharp, useful for cutting tea bag strings."
These are the BEST Scissors!
Easy to cut with and look very nice...love these!
SCISSORS! 5 STARS!
"Really great, sharp scissors. You know they're good quality when you can slice through a long piece of paper without having to open and close the blades."
"Even better quality than expected. Each one will be part of an Operation Christmas Child shoebox, sent with 2 yds of fabric, needles, thread, elastic, and seam binding for an older girl. Believe will be put to very good use for time to come."
great
Works wonderfully
"What can you really say. It's a pair of scissors. It is really good, though. The holes are large enough to allow you to put all your fingers inside. Blade is non-stick, so I'm able to cut tape and stickers without residue getting on it."
"Then you may want to try these.  I would not have paid the normal price for them, but since I got them on a Lightning Deal, I thought that I'd take a chance.  So far, I'm satisfied.

I like that they are staying sharp no matter what I cut with them.  I like the texture of the handle,, since the scissors don't seem to slip while I'm using them.  They seem to be made with quality material.

I'm not sure that I'm overly fond of the 'feel' as I'm using them--the balance seems just a bit awkward.  Perhaps I'll get used to them the more  I use them."
Great scissors.  Sharp and extremely comfortable.  Better than Fiskars imo.
Awesome scissors!!!!
"Fast & Smooth Shipping, Excellent Product"
Nice and sharp! Love them!
Great scissors. Would recommend these to anyone.  It was worth paying alittle more (about $1 more) for this product.
Great.
"These scissors are sharp! The three pack allows me to have a pair in different parts of my home so that I am not always searching for one when I need it. The design is comfortable and could be used for an extended period of time with no pain. The only issue is that the white plastic is somewhat flimsy. I have broken one of the pairs of scissors cutting normal cardboard, which I have had no problem cutting in the past with other scissors."
very sharp
"Nice sharp scissors. I would say if you can get them on a deal, get them. They are a little pricey for what they are, but I see the quality too. They are a premium scissor, you can buy cheap ones too but if you use them a lot for couponing, you want something that is built well, then I would suggest this set"
awesome set of scissors at a great price
they cut just fine. no need to be all skeptical
"1. Hyper sharp
2. Seem durable
3. Nice feel
4. Fits my oversized fingers and thumb"
they are great and sharp. we love them. keep away from kids.
nice cutters
Excellent!  Thank you!!!
"These have been such a disappointment. I was suckered in with the 'Titanium"" label thinking they would hold a sharp edge longer if they are a strong metal.  Oh how wrong I was and $20.00 poorer.  Even worse, I still don't have a decent pair of all purpose scissors to use! They work 'OK"" on paper, but certainty not on fabric. I actually bought these at Costco for a comparable price. I have attached a photo to show they are the same scissors being reviewed here.
Keep looking, maybe spend a little more money and get a better set of scissors."
Very sharp and durable.
Very nice scissors. We have a pair in most locations in the house.
Great scissors. They cut very nicely and so far have not seemed to dull at all
Good price and having extra pairs of scissors around is always a good idea.
They really are extremely sharp. I only use them on paper but so far they are excellent scissors. Feel good in my hands
"Very sharp, durable and light weight."
Nice size but do not cut very well.  I would not buy again.
"I can never find a pair of scissors when I need them.  Someone always forgets to put them back in the miscellaneous drawer and then I find them later under a pile of papers or with the laundry I was mending.  So when I saw these scissors on sale I decided that it would be worth it to buy them in a bundle.  I like these scissors, they are easy on the hands when using and the handles are colored if you wanted to designate certain colors to certain activities.  They are sharp and seem to be holding up to all the stuff that I cut without dulling.  I now have a pair of scissors in about all the locations I use scissors on a regular basis so I don't have to go looking for scissors any more.  A good buy."
The grips are comfortable especially for my big thick man fingers.  The blades also cut very precise and are probably some of the best scissors I've ever used.  I've never bought really high quality scissors though.  These work as expected and worth every penny I paid for them especially for a set of 3.  I can keep a pair 3 different rooms of the house.
"Love this, got on lightening deal wish I would bought more!"
As advertised
They cut nicely.
"Very Sharp - good at cutting paper. This won't cut heavy cardboard, nor anything heavier. Great as an office scissors, not so good as a  workshop scissors."
nice
"Great price for a three pack.  I use these for:

 - cutting open cardboard boxes

 - kids paper crafts

 - cutting string

They are not the best scissors I've ever had, but for they work great for light duty general purpose.  They have held up fine for a year and are still sharp enough."
"Nice Scissors, Very Sharp, Will see how they hold up!!"
Nice sharp scissors.
love it
super sharp and easy to find on my sewing table.
"These work great, good value."
"Nothing special, but cute colors and does the job."
Great multi use scissors
"Sharp, durable, great quality"
"Great Office Scissors.  Work well and keep sharp after long term use.
Great quality."
"I had such high hopes, but they were crushed. These scissors were to replace old workhorse Fiskars around the house which had given their lives in long & good service. These Scotch 8 Inch scissors are  mighty cute (1 star awarded), cheap (earned another star). So- TWO stars.

Or look at it another way-give them 5 stars to start & subtract for problems:  cut inconsistently-one pair can't cut paper (minus 1 star), poorly aligned blades on two pair can't cut to the tip of the scissors (minus another star), another pair has visible light between the blades and can't cut tape or fabric  (minus yet another star). Again-2 Stars.

Anyway, cutting remarks aside, while they are cute, when you get right down to it they were a waste of money. I relegated one to the barn, the others are floating around at Goodwill."
The Scissors are very sharp and the price was very good.
"Great scissors at a great price (Gold box deal).  They are comfortable to handle, cuts cleanly and sharply through paper and they look good."
"Very nice scissors. These were a great deal on Black Friday sale, which just happened to show up on Amazon literally the day after I spent an evening looking for any one of the several pairs or scissors we normally have. Really, who can't use more scissors? The handles are quite comfortable and the blade seem to cut fairly well."
Good cutters
"These straight Scotch titanium scissors cut like ""buttah"" through paper and cardstock. I also have a pair of titanium Westcott scissors so did a comparison test. I found that the Scotch scissors require less pressure to cut through thick paper or cardboard. But when I tried cutting duct tape the tape stuck to these Scotch scissors; not the Westcott's, which are advertised as non-stick. I then tried both scissors on fabric and the Wesctott's cut a little smoother than the Scotch.

This 3-pack is a great deal for some really sharp scissors. They're comfortable to hold and feel very heavy duty. These are my favorite scissors and the ones I use the most (I do a lot of scrapbooking)."
"These scissors are great. They are sharp and they keep their sharpness for a long time. I just have them spread throughout our house and so we don't need to keep searching for a pair all the time. The size is perfect, grip is great. Quality made scissors. Highly recommend."
"Not used much, but so far so good"
Snip- snap!
Good value
"I brought these to cut ribbon...  not exactly the right size for me, but great for other projects. Amazon did an excellent job in service."
Very high quality. Wife loves them.
Great but don't really need 3 of them. I've used them for 6-8 months now. No complaints. Very sharp titanium scissors. Not very manly in color and design but I don't care. Good value. Buy a set and give some away.
Nice and sturdy
Good scissors wait for a lightning deal and get them
"Sharp, sturdy scissors. I've had my fill of the cheap scissors that struggle to cut butter. These are great for the money! I would definitely buy these again... and did. I now have six pair of these. No more hunting everywhere to find a good pair of scissors when I need them. Highly recommend these."
Cut very well and I love the colors.
Really sharp and comfortable.  We have them hidden so the kids do not destroy them.
great set of scissors.  Nice and sharp and well priced.
"Nice scissors, it cuts boards and other stuff like cheese."
Good quality at a good price.
Basic scissors that work well so far.  I like how the grip fits and how sharp the edges are now.
good
"What can you say. Great buy, sharp and a very nice price."
Work fine
awesome
"Scissors are one of those things that you can never have too many of, so I was happy to see this three pack as a lightning deal! These are great quality scissors. They are very sharp (no, seriously, MUCH sharper than my Fiskars...and I learned this the hard way-oops!) and have a great grip. I use scissors very frequently, from general household use to paper crafting and sewing. These are my go-to scissors. Great deal!"
They are nice looking scissors but not so great on fabric which was the reason I bought them. They are sharp but not as sharp as the description makes it seem.
"Great value, good quality.  My spouse seems to misplace scissors so nice to have multiple."
Sharp and good looking scissors
Like butter!  Threw away all my crappy old dull scissors.
"These work well, however I got them on sale during their black friday sale, I don't believe I would pay what they are charging right now which is  roughly $25.  So if you can get them on sale I would recommend them as they are good quality."
"fast shipping, nice scissors, would def buy again"
Stocking up on 3 pair of scissors was a very good idea for me.  These are as advertised--sharp and sturdy.
Great scissors! Best scissors that I ever have.
Good for household use. Not for heavy duty thing
"Don't be fooled by the ""titanium-fused"" blades.  These are cheap scissors.  Fine for everyday tasks and cutting paper, but not much else."
Great scissors at a good price.  Quality seems good. They cut paper.  They are scissors.... what more can you say.
The scissors work great
"I bought these for my classroom, and I have a few students who always ask me if I need things cut.  They just love using these scissors because they're so nice."
Use these to cut everything.  Sticky tape is a breeze to peel off.  Do not need goobegone to clean.  Threw away the scissors they replaced.
Very sturdy scissors that cut extremely well.
"These work well so far. I use them for cutting fabric on sports my rotary cutter won't catch and for cutting paper patterns. Nothing extraordinary, just functional. I appreciate that I get 3 in a pack to keep one in each room where I might need them: Seeing room, kitchen, school room."
Excellent Scissors the coating on the blades makes easy paper cutting.
"Great sharp scissors.......I keep one pair in the kitchen, another with the office and the third with gift wrap.  You can't go wrong with these.  One pair is not enough!"
These cut great and easily found with the vibrant color on the handle.  Need a good pair of precision scissors and find that I get 3 for the price of 1 (I got this on a great SALE at Christmas and have one in several of my rooms so they are always handy.  Excellent product.
Inexpensive & functional.  Can't ask for more than that!
"These are the best scissors. Super sharp, comfortable grip."
"Not very sharp. Based on the reviews, i thought they would be great. But no such luck. Maybe mine was the only defective, dull batch."
"Gets the job done, no doubt."
Quality scissors
"I bought these scissors on 10/5/12, and the just bit the dust, literally felt apart, days before writing this review.

Pros:
-they kept a good edge
-the non stick feature worked well
-very comfortable

Cons:
-they got very loose, and the screw to tighten them did NOT tighten them up.

The looseness did affect cutting ability, as the blades would not line up close enough to make good cuts at times. No matter what I did, taking them apart, putting them back together, tightening the screw down all the day, etc. they progressively got loose and looser over their life, which was a little more than 2 years.

These scissors were lightly used in the house, no school projects, very little crafts. They had very light and moderate use. I would have thought that they would have lasted longer, as growing up, the scissors we used, lasted years, 5, 10, 15, and the only thing that went bad on them was the edge dulled, they never fell apart.

I may give some Fiskars a try next time, as the Scotch in this style tend to all have the screw adjustment which does not work."
Great scissors. Love these. We fight over these.
Great deal 3 awesome scissors for low price
"<div id=""video-block-R1RPCD70Y460GE"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1RwzhC7%2BBS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01gsNrxQtUS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This is a review of the Scotch Precision Ultra Edge scissors. I purchased these in Costco as a 3-pack.

I like the comfort of the handles. The outside of the handle is hard plastic while the inside is a very comfortable softer rubbery material. They are biased to a right handed person but honestly I think a leftie could find these quite comfortable to use as well.

The blades have a brass fitting with stainless steel screw which allows you to tighten the blades should they loosen.

These are very sharp and let me cut with precision. The Titanium coating is supposed to give these a 4x harder edge along with greater resistance to corrosion than stainless steel. Time will tell I guess.

Another bonus for me is that the tip of the scissors has a sharp point. That lets me use these to pierce the packaging tape on the multitude of shipping boxes that I have to open without having to open the scissors and hold them open while attempting to to that. It makes them safer to use in that manner.

HIghly recommended."
Great scissors!
"Very, very nice scissors.  SUCH a great price I got on these too.  These have exceeded my best expectations.  I am so glad I bought them!"
Nice and sharp.
"All mom wanted for Christmas was a Good pair of scissors.  I found these and figured for the price, they ought to be good.  Turns out, it's been a year and they are the only scissors in her drawer.  Good job !!!"
sharp and excellent
"These are definitely better than any other pair of scissors I have ever owned.

They are very very sharp; so be careful.

They fit in your hand nicely.

They open wide for cutting thicker items.

I love they are color coded.  I have the green pair in the kitchen; so I know when looking for a pair - as I always seem to lay them somewhere they don't belong - the green pair will be used for food only - and stays in the kitchen.

I have a blue pair in the art/craft room and hid the purple ones as a back up.  Now if I can remember where I hid them?

The price is great on these and I am ordering another set today."
"They cut paper, twine, plastic, fabric and much more"
"I use scissors all over the house, so I have a pair of these scissors in nearly every room."
"A+  Finally, great scissors at a very affordable price."
Great quality!
"Nice looking scissors, well made, work great.  Nice to have an extra pair around for when one comes up missing from someone forgetting to put them back where they belong.  Once pair for work, one at home, and one in the barn."
cut well.  doesn't stick.  good for paper.
"Sharp, durable, quality scissors.  I like them and the price can't be beat."
Excellent value! Sharp and nice quality
Great colors and great scissors!
"Do you know the expression ""Don't run around with scissors""?  Well, it was made SPECIFICALLY for THESE scissors. They are not kidding when they say ULTRA Edge. Freaking insane how sharp they are. It reminds me of the classic Japanese story of their greatest swordsmiths.
A legend tells of a test where Muramasa challenged his master, Masamune (the greatest swordsmith of all time), to see who could make a finer sword. They both worked tirelessly and eventually, when both swords were finished, they decided to test the results. The contest was for each to suspend the blades in a small creek with the cutting edge facing the current. Muramasa's sword, the Juuchi Yosamu cut everything that passed its way; fish, leaves floating down the river, the very air which blew on it. Highly impressed with his pupil's work, Masamune lowered his sword, the Yawarakai-Te, into the current and waited patiently. Not a leaf was cut, the fish swam right up to it, and the air hissed as it gently blew by the blade. After a while, Muramasa began to scoff at his master for his apparent lack of skill in the making of his sword. Smiling to himself, Masamune pulled up his sword, dried it, and sheathed it. All the while, Muramasa was heckling him for his sword's inability to cut anything. A monk, who had been watching the whole ordeal, walked over and bowed low to the two sword masters. He then began to explain what he had seen.

""The first of the swords was by all accounts a fine sword, however it is a blood thirsty, evil blade, as it does not discriminate as to who or what it will cut. It may just as well be cutting down butterflies as severing heads. The second was by far the finer of the two, as it does not needlessly cut that which is innocent and undeserving.""

These scissors, if you treat them properly, are like that second sword. They WILL cut whatever is needed. They will cut down the not so innocent (thick cardboard) but if you use their powers for evil, they will cut the innocent (regular sheets of paper) as well. You know what you need to do. Add this to your cart without another moment's hesitation and walk away knowing that you did the right thing."
Too thick to be a precision scissors.
"These are good, sharp scissors and the price was reasonable."
"These are great, they have a comfortable grip and stay sharp."
They are sharp and are good for everyday use but I would not recommend them for cutting cloth. They are comfortable to use and work great for my scrapbooking. I will stick to my Friskers sissors for cutting cloth.
Love love love these scissors!
"I am always trying to avoid using the same scissors for fabric and paper on my bird's millet so it was nice to just get a set with different colors so now I have a designated paper scissors, cloth scissors, and millet scissors. :) They are nice and sharp and work perfectly."
Sharp and functional. Seriously what more do you want from these? :-)
was pleased with the quality.
Very Good Scissors and a very Good Deal! Very Satisfied with transaction. Scissors appear to be of good quality. Time will tell.
Nice scissors! Sharp
"good pair of scissors, still in use"
These scissors are okay but I expected them to be a little better quality.  They don't cut material very well.  They'll work as every day scissors.
"Best scissors I've ever used hands down, they stay sharp and don't rust or stick from glue. Only downside is the steel doesn't go all the way through the handle so if your trying to cut really hard things, the blade can handle it but the handle will crack."
Good product!
"Seems like good scissors.
They really look like dark/purple metal.
They slide well, are easy to operate, cut well through plastic or paper."
The work.  They are sharp.  Better then any scissors I have used before in this price range.
nice!
These scissors are comfortable and slice through all paper stock like a charm. That is all I intend on using them for but I caught my husband in the process of starting to use them to cut hard plastic ties and stopped him. These are not utility scissors.
"They don't cut fabric as easily as I would like, but everything else seems to be fair game. Overall, good scissors. Very sturdy and can be used for many things. I put one set in the kitchen and use it to cut meat. Cuts through frozen chicken with no issues. I tried them in the dishwasher, no problem with that either. My only complaint is that they create a nice crisp cut in almost everything, but they shred the fabric edges slightly. They aren't touted as fabric or sewing scissors, so it isn't a big deal, but I was hoping...

Anyway, good overall purchase."
"Great scissors at a great price!
These scissors are sharp and comfortable to hold and use."
Great price. Decent scissors. Now we have a set where we need them. Thanks.
Great scissors very sharp and good handles
"Good price, still using after a year"
"These are essentially the basic multi use type of scissor.  But, they are well made, comfortable to use, and plenty sharp.  I am very pleased.  The price is ridiculously inexpensive for this quality."
"We seem to lose scissors like the dryer eats socks so I bought this 3 pack. Super sharp, comfortable handle. Nice!"
So sharp and better than Fiskars scissors.
"These are good quality, inexpensive, and comfortable to use, even for those with large hands. I keep a pair in my office, a pair in my workshop, and gave a pair to my wife."
These scissors are great for everything I need them for
They came perfectly sharp and in an easy to open package.
"Well made scissors.  With 3 colors, you can designate one for everyday use, one for crafts, and one for gift wrapping. They are bright and easy to find in a junk drawer also.  But mostly, they cut well."
"Nice scissors in nice colors.  For the price we can have a pair in the kitchen, the office and the bedroom."
Can't have too many pairs of scissors. These are really sharp and cut perfectly. Great price.
Nice set of scissors.
"Great scissors, good deal."
"I use whatever hand is most convenient at the time with no problems. I'm left-handed, so these are perfect because they don't spread apart if you forget to apply the opposite force.  So nice and sharp, too."
Sharp scissors perfect for my needs! Would order again.
"Great utility scissors.  I was not impressed with fabric cutting, but love the left or right handed use feature."
"Great Scissors! Use them for Crafts, sewing and my husband has a pair in his shop."
Does not cut material very well.
"Great scissors, great price."
Great scissors trio!
Got a great deal on this set and love them.
Just as described.
Some of the best scissors I have ever owned.
Super sharp. Great non stick scissors.
These scissors are well constructed and super sharp. They feel good in your hand. The colors let you organize them for different uses or users.
I am a seamstress and a scissors snob.  These are great multi-purpose scissors to have on hand.  I wouldn't say they compare to ginghers but they are sharp and work well for paper and crafting.
"My wife is a scissors SNOB too. She absolutely cannot stand scissors that aren't sharp, are too flexible, that have handles that are too hard, and that  generally are just cheaply made.

These aren't. These came in a box as shown neatly placed and separated in three slots as if they were custom knives. They are sharp and well-made. Soft handles and rigid frames.

They just sheered through the wrapping paper and cut fabric well.

So these ARE HER'S. All others are for anyone to use."
Good brand. Sharp. Easy to open packaging.
scissors work great! great buy!
"Super sharp, very nice for paper cutting."
Excellent quality for an inexpensive price.
"Great scissors, great price"
"I'm just so pleased to have more scissors around the house so that it's not some infuriating, eternal search each time I need scissors. These seem to have super sharp blades and are comfy."
"My daughter and I have a weird problem.  We are both left-handed, but learned to cut as children with right handed scissors.  Should you ever compare right-handed and left-handed scissors, you will note that the cutting edges are reversed.  Well, as a result, neither one of us can cut a straight line with a left-handed scissors, but typically right-handed scissors have the handgrips shaped in such a way that your hand really hurts after awhile when you use the wrong-handed scissors.  These scissors have a nice soft insert that keeps them from hurting when you cut with the ""wrong hand."""
"They really don't seem that sharp.  Worthless for cutting fabric, even lighter weight quilting cotton.  I'll find another use for them"
I used these to cut through two layers of flannel and it didn't hurt my fingers. They cut through paper easily. Love that they are different colors so I can keep their uses separate.
"they work, they cut stuff and cheap too. nothing to complain about, they work"
Great value.......good scissors
The scissors are great for the price for general household use.  They are comfortable and work as expected.
Sharp and great
These scissors are great.
These appear to be very sharp.  I like them but have really not used that often to review
"Sharp, sharp, sharp! Nice. I was very happy with the comfortable grip as well."
perfect price and perfect item.  You will pay 3 times that amount in the craft or sewing store.
It's great!!! Made by scotch.
"these are the BEST scissors!  I'm not a scissors guru but these are the most solid, well-constructed, reliable, sharp scissors!  Love that I got 3 pairs!"
I use these scissors for everything!
Very good
"These are well made, super sharp high quality scissors.  The price was excellent and the name brand is well known.  I have used the same scissors for about 20 years.  It was time for a change and these 3 pairs were really a step up.  Love these!"
"Really sharp and comfy scissors.
Used these scissors to break down all the cardboard from christmas online shopping.
And they were awesome.
Its really great to not have to hunt down where your husband left the scissors cause I have 3 extra pairs now."
I love the way these scissors cut!  I have never used titanium scissors and seem much smoother that the old ones I had.
Awesome scissors
Very nice high quality scissors.
Great scissors.  They stay sharp for a very long time.
Nice heavy duty scissors to cut Christmas wrapping paper.
"Really nice, great price, fast shipping."
"ergonomic, sharp sharp sharp"
very good
"The blades are still pretty sharp after a year's use but they aren't (and were never) very nonstick.  Every time I cut tape or stick-on labels, which is often, the adhesive residue builds up on the blades and they have to be cleaned or they will stick to anything else I try to cut.  In comparison, my Westcott Titanium Nonstick scissors cut just as well, are also used on tape and labels, and rarely need to be cleaned.  I wouldn't buy these again."
Good quality!
"Terrific scissors. I have one for the kitchen (to cut out the fat from meat), one for whatever needs to be done, and one I gave out as a gift. All of them are working flawlessly so far and I love them. Constructions seems to be solid, they feel comfortable on the hands, and they are super easy to clean."
"Compared to fiskars they feel way more comfortable,  fit your hand great,  and have a sharper edge.  I was able to cut though two layers of fabric easily and occasionally four layers making layered tied edge throw blankets for gifts.  These performed great and the edge has stayed super sharp too.  Bought these on a lightening deal to boot,  great price!"
"Best desk drawer (utility) scissors I've used.  A true time saver during the last minute Christmas eve ""oh S**t I have to wrap 20 presents for wife and kids!"" session.  Just push them across the paper and it's smooth cutting, no scissoring, snags, or tears.  Sometimes it's the little pleasures in life that bring great joy... LOL  Just buy them."
"sharp, works great."
Great scissors at a great price!
"When you think of scissors, rarely do you associate any one particular brand with excellence. Well, after using these Scotch scissors, you'll completely change your tune! These three fine scissors are made of titanium metal, and have cut better than any other pair of scissors I have owned. Being someone who loves crafting with various mediums, I find that these scissors cut expertly through cloth, paper, and just about anything you think of. Heck, I give myself haircuts, and I found that these scissors are great for cutting hair too! (Note: I give myself very basic haircuts, nothing fancy like the ones that hair salons give). All three scissors are different colors too, which is helpful because you can dedicate each specific blade to a different task. These scissors are a great purchase, and it looks like they'll work wonderfully for years to come. The best part is, if you lose one (as scissors do seem to lose themselves ALL the time), there are two more!"
Great price on lightening deals!  These scissors are easy on the hands and sharp.
"Only needed one to replace my favorite scissors that broke. Ok, I broke them. But having three has been a bonus."
"These cut really well.  I used them for cutting wrapping paper and they glide across the paper. Great addition to the office, I'm always running back and fourth from the office to the kitchen after my Cutco shears so this puts and end to that. Great product and excellent price!"
I find that good scissors are both invaluable and hard to find. These are exceptionally good scissors.
Nice value on some quality scissors.
"My scissors always keep wandering off. Now I have three more. Hopefully I be able to find them now. Oh yeah, these scissors work great."
Easy on the fingers
Best scissors I've ever used.
"Update: The handles are very fragile and break easily. The rubber inserts mean the rigid plastic is very thin in crucial places.

What can you say about scissors, other than they're sharp, cut well and are comfortable to use? I can't say how well they'll hold an edge vs. other brands as I haven't had them long. My initial impression is they're as good as any pair of Fiskars I've had, and for what I paid, I got three pairs for the price of one pair of Fiskars."
"I got this to replace scissors in the house that were useless.
They cut everything I've used them on so far, It's nice to have more than 1 pair of ""good scissors"" in the house"
Awesome!
good scissors and good price.
great
"High quality titanium scissors.  After years of cheap crappy scissors these were such a relief.

We used them for cutting yarn, for cutting wrapping paper, and for making cardboard decorations.  They flew through the work.  They were comfortable in my larger hands, and my small wife's much smaller hands. Great investment at under $10.

My only complaint is that the box they came in was a significant waste of space, but at least it was easy to open."
Good quality.
"Scissors. Who'd a thunk. Seriously, though, nice set."
"Maybe I got a bad batch but these aren't very sharp, they cut about the same as a pair of my dull scissors.. I think I'll have my others re sharpened and use these as backup, I'm glad I got these on a lightning deal and didn't pay full price."
Great scissors.
"I got these to replace the crummy Ikea scissors I have been using for years and while they are definitely an improvement, they aren't as sharp as I would have liked. They are fine for cutting paper but I needed some scissors to cut denim. These cut but it takes some work. I guess I really need to invest in some serious sewing scissors. I got them on a lightning deal so they were definitely a good value."
Nice cut. Feels like you are using a good quality scissor.
"Just plain dull compared to all my other scissors. I conducted side by side tests and much to my dismay these three scissors were duller than any of my other scissors - some that I've used at least five years. I was expecting to receive some very sharp scissors. Yes, they can cut adequately, but it is not very impressive. I couldn't believe it at first after reading all the positive reviews.

So I bought a different pair of scissors&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clauss-18517-Titanium-Bonded-Ultraflex-Bent-Shear-10-Inch/dp/B006LDPU7I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clauss 18517  Titanium Bonded Ultraflex Bent Shear, 10-Inch</a>&nbsp;afterwards and that pair of scissors is excellent in comparison. Yes, this pair of scissors costs a little more, but it's worth it.

Pros: Cheap

Cons: Not very sharp.

I don't know if I can return these three scissors, but I'm going to try."
Great deal for three pair of scissors for office. They seem to be nice general use scissors.  I like 3M office products they last better than other brands.
Seem like they are good quality.
"These are nice and sharp. I use them in the kitchen for just about anything that needs cutting, especially those horrible bags that are so hard to open."
My wife likes these
We must have 20 pair of scissors. Now we have 3 that actually cut things. Really well made and sharp scissors for the money.
Use them all the time for multiple things. love these scissors.
Good as described
"Scissors are of good quality, better quality than one would expect for the price."
Great scissors and the price is right.
Work well. Came in handy for the holiday season.
Nice quality. Excellent for the price.
We always need scissors.  These are ideal size and work great.
VERY SHARP AND GREAT QUALITY FOR PRICE!
"Excellent price for 3 pair of scissors. Be careful though, these are really sharp (my mom accidentally sliced her finger on one of them)."
Great scissors for a great price!
"These are a nice change from the standard ""orange handled"" scissors we all know and love.  Much more comfortable to handle, the blades are super sharp, be careful!  Appear to be very good quality."
Nice and sharp and I love the color coding. It keeps others away from my scrapbooking scissors!
"Wow, these scissors are SO nice.  Cut thru anything with ease.  I love them and am throwing out all other scissors in my house."
Very satisfied with this product.
"These scissors are fantastic! Super sharp, durable and a comfortable grip. They cut everything I've attempted (cardstock paper, candle wicks, plastic tags, cardboard, etc.) with ease. I love the colors, and that there is a set so I can stash them in various places around the house. You can never have too many pairs of scissors!"
"great scissors, great price"
Sharp. Cut all types of materials.
Great product! Just as described!
These scissors are incredibly sharp and durable.
Super sharp and very easy to use. Appears to be setup for long life.
these work great.  great deal as well.
great
All my employees are making fun of me because of my fondness of these scissors. They are wonderful. I will never settle for a different brand or type of scissors again. You know this is the stuff they make airplanes out of? These scissors are sharp and effective and I love that I can resharpen them.
"These are really nice scissors, and nice to finally have a couple of spare too! Packaging really good too."
Nice and sharp!
"Very sharp, high quality, awesome price, comfortable in the hands, and pleasing to the eyes.

Great product design."
love the scissors
Excellent cut!
Super sharp scissors.  I am wondering how well they will hold up cutting all kinds of items.  I also gave a set to my mother who is a seamstress to see what she thinks of them.  Will try to update this once I have a year or so of use.
These are very nice scissors and very sharp.
Sharp sharp sharp!!!!! Great quality!
"Yep, these are good scissors."
"These scissors are amazingly sharp, the price for three is outstanding, and if they last half as long as Scotch claims I'll be a very happy camper. They are fantastic for paper, fabric, lightweight leather, and will cut through really tough scissor-killing stuff like thick nylon zip ties like butter.

I wish they made the same scissors in a few more sizes and offered an assortment pack but that doesn't change my opinion of the 8 Inch Precision Ultra Edge. I have several Fiskars for which I paid far more, even with the perennial sales/coupons at the craft stores. These are much better. Get the 3-Pack -- I guarantee you'll find a use for them."
These are the perfect scissors for me. They are a nice size and very comfortable to use. Would buy them again.
"I own 25 plus scissors, I can find 3 at most.  Now I can find 5 with the arrival of these lovely sharp wonderful scissors."
The packing is great and the scissors are nice and sharp. It glides through paper and pretty good with fabric
Great value and great scissors!
Nice set!
"These were a lightning-deal gift and greatly appreciated.  Remember rubber bands on the kitchen doorknob, grocery bags neatly folded next to the fridge, and someone always trying to locate the ""good"" scissors?  Well, now I have three good scissors AND the neat carton that held them.  I am one happy teacher/crafter/mom.
As the other 518 (so far) reviewers agree, this is a wonderful value."
"Being Scotch brand, I thought they would be good for cutting wrapping paper.  Boy was I wrong.  These are the worst scissors ever for cutting wrapping paper.  They do not ""glide"" like good wrapping paper scissors.  They catch on the paper every couple inches and rip it.  Even when they make a smooth, continuous cut, the paper doesn't have a straight edge.  It almost looks like it gives the paper a wavy edge."
nice and sharp. comfy to hold as well. your standard scissor.
"Priced at under $10, this was a steal for a daily deal.

These titanium scissors hold up to heavy jobs.

Excellent priced, and even though they're not my favorite colors, the color scheme still works. :)

Thanks,

Bucky Wilson
www.facebook.com/bucky5676"
"These are very sturdy, reliable scissors"
These are the best scissors I have ever owned!
Works really well but there is only ONE pair
"Finally, I have decent scissors. They work well on anything I've tried them on."
Great deal. Very good scissors.
Easy to hold. Sharp.
"So glad i bought these on a  Lightening Deal. Best scissors I have had in years. So sharp. They look like they will last. Very sturdy
and professional looking."
"I purchased these scissors as my very old scissors had become dull and I couldn't get them to sharpen.  I use these scissors to cut paper, plastic bags and plastic security seals.  They work great for what I need them for.  I recommend these."
this is the second set of these scissors I have bought. I'm a teacher and need a good sharp Pair of scissors. I also use a pair of them for my kitchen food cutting scissors. And I gave my mother a pair to use for hers also. the price is great too.
"These scissors are fantastic! Very sharp, comfortable to hold in your hand, just cut like a breeze and you get three pairs! Love the colors, they are more vibrant in person than they are in the picture."
"The overall length of these scissors is 8 1/4"", the blades 3 3/4"", the handle 4 1/2"". Nice sharp blades and rubber grip handles.
Nice colors and reasonably priced.  Would recommend these."
"These have to be the best scissors I've ever used. I bought them on amazons green sale, the price couldn't be beat. I needed these scissors because I cut a lot of silk, my previous scissors, crap.. On simple terms. These scissors are almost like keepsakes, seriously. The metal is a cool black, tough and sharp. They cut effortlessly and best of all, I have three! These will last forever!

Highly recommended for any seamster or seamstress!!"
"titanium (coated?) blades. Very sharp. You can ""hear"" it..."
exlt
Really sharp and great quality. Surprised they were so good for such a cheap price.
Very sharp and dependable. Great scissors!
Love these scissors!
not very smooth
"Solid, sharp, and the textured (not quite rubber feeling) grips are very confidence-inspiring."
"Great for alot of uses, Gave some to my cook, she uses them in kitchen. Feel good in your hand."
"i only gave it 4 stars because after using the scissors to cut paper, fabric, and other craft materials i have found that they do not work well on fabric,which is what i wanted them for the most!! very upsetting.  But they work well on my wrapping supplies."
"I was interested in getting a pair of these non-stick scissors to try out. In my work (and at home) I do a lot cutting on things that are adhesive backed. Over time doing that tends to build up a lot of gunk on the blades of my scissors. I've been using these scissors for about a month, and even gone out of my way to gunk them up a bit, but so far that hasn't happened.

One of the things I do at home that really leaves a sticky residue on scissors is trimming off the sticky stickers from the return envelope that you send Netflic discs back in. I'm always concerned that little bit of sticky edge is going to snag on something while in the mail. So I trim those bits off. That usually gums up my regular scissors, but not these new ones.

I like these scissors - they are well made and are very sharp. I also like that they have different color dots on the pivot point - so you can tell the pairs apart."
"Fast delivery, just as expected.  Way to go"
These are awesome scissors! Such great quality and tough.
Absolutely fantastic scissors.  Shall get another set.
"The best scissors we have. They work very well even after time, and there is no residual gunk that builds up on the blades (with a modicum of care taking)."
"So far so good. My daughter kept stealing all my other good scissors (and the ones I bought specifically for her) and sometimes I will find them when I go into the abyss that is her room.  Some have gone in and never returned. I bought these to become my secret stash. I keep them hidden in my room and hopefully I will be able to keep at least one for my use through the next few years. So far they have worked great with wrapping paper and thread. I haven't used them in a sticky situation yet. If I do, I will come back and update. But I try to keep these hidden, so they may never see the walls outside my room."
The scissor are very light. Love the cut they give you. Not scissors I would let kids have but for adults you can't beat them.
"we had a bunch of old pairs of scissors lying around that we used. After using these I wish I got these sooner.

Good quality. Very sharp. And the rubber grips felt good."
Excellent quality scissors!
Sharp and smooth!
"They tend to gum up a little less than standard steel scissors, but it is not a solution for cutting fibrous duct tape.  The tape still sticks, the scissors still get gummy.  Save your money and buy cheaper scissors."
Awesome!
"Extremely sharp, comfortable grip.  I like that they are different colors so they can be allocated to task or person.  Great buy and nice to have some decent scissors!"
Just ordered another set for our office.  They are a huge hit and wonderful scissors!  Strong blades!
Scissors are strong and cut very well.
"The handle on these scissors cracked in two places after 2 months of use.  Overpriced junk.  The blades cut well, but the handle did not stand up to cutting wrapping paper and snowflakes."
"I was going to buy Fiskars, but I saw the reviews for these and with the lightening deal decided to take the gamble. It was well worth the risk on my part. They are super sharp and comfortable to use."
"These are some of the nicer scissors available. They came out of the box ninja sharp and ready to slice through just about anything. The action was very smooth, with no jerky stick-slip as the blades slid cleanly past each other. I've had no problems cutting cardboard, paper, felt, string, rope, and plastic.

The colored dots at the fulcrum are nice to ""mark"" a pair of scissors for fabric only, etc. I did notice that one pair of mine was slightly less sharp than the others, but still better than a general store brand pair. The handles are comfortable for a regular size hand. These were a joy to use and I have pairs at every work station now."
Three pair of scissors that work. What more can I say. They are colorful. They are sharp. They cut paper.
Great for the price.  Sharp titanium blades.  And you get 3 of them!!  They are all exactly the same size/shape apart from the handles which are different colors.  Big holds that a guys hands fit in!
"I am really impressed with these scissors. I have used them on single sheets of paper, eight layers of paper, cardboard, fabric, wired ribbon, tape, fine-gauge wire and various household projects with no problems whatsoever. They are light-weight yet feel very substantial, giving a clean, precise cut every time. I'm really glad they come in sets of three, as I have them in different areas of the house where I can find them easily. Should you want each pair for a different purpose, they are color-coded on the round screw that holds them together. All three are the same size and same blade, and fit very comfortably for bigger cutting projects. I'm really happy with the scissors and recommend them!"
These are amazing and exactly what I wanted.......Sharp.  Thanks for running them on Deal of the Day!!!!
"For the price, these are sweet."
"Great, but I was sent a color that I wasn't particularly fond of..."
Nice product with great price!!
"Good scissors, still stick a little after a while though."
"By far the best scissors I have owned or used! Use caution, though, as they are VERY sharp."
Great 3 pack of inexpensive but good scissors.  doesnt disappoint
"These are nice scissors. I'm using them for a class to cut fleece fabrics and they really cut nicely and weren't too expensive. I like the different colored grips as well, since I'm using them for a class it helps me keep track of who is using my scissors."
good
The cut and are light and comfortable to grip. What else is there.
"For the money, these are really good all-purpose scissors. We do a lot of paper crafting and fabric cutting. They have proven useful and maintain a good edge for both applications. For some of my fabric crafting I have used spray adhesive, which if not completely dry will leave a residue on scissors. When it dries, it's difficult to remove. This has happened a couple of times and true to the advertisement, they wipe off easily. My kids seek these out for their paper projects because they provide a good, clean cut with little resistance."
Yes.  Scissors.
got it
I am tired of always having dull scissors around the house. I got these as a lightning deal and was not disappointed. I usually swear by Fiskars but they give them a run for the money. They cut through just about anything easily.  Would buy this brand again in a heartbeat.
"HOLY SCISSORS!  Yes, these are so good they belong in Scissors Heaven! or Scissors Hall of Fame!  Sharp looking and Sharp cutting!  I've used these for over a year now and they're holding up just great - not rusty and still cut the same as if I just got them new.  Too bad Amazon sold out of them for Cyber Monday 2014."
I purchased this deal last year and they are still going sharp and strong. I would order again. My whole family fights over the good sissors when they are needed.
"This is one of those items you don't realize you need until you have it. I thought it was no big deal until I did a comparison cutting package tape with these and with one of my other scissors. Wow!

The tape stuck to the other scissors and jammed up after a few cuts. With these Scotch scissor, no tape stuck to the blades at all. I was able to smoothly cut package tape without having to stop and peel off residue and tape.

These are very sharp and cut paper and fabric easily. One is going in my scrapbooking tool bin.

I highly recommend for frustration-free work!"
I just love scissors.  These work very well.
These really work WELL!
This order came exactly as pictured. Now I have a few extras on hand if any of my scissors lose their edge. I bought these to cut fabric and they work wonderfully.
"these are very good scissors, very sharp  and sturdy. I got them on amazon deal, so think it turned out to be a good purchase for me"
"I absolutely love these scissors!  I have had them and used them a lot over the last year.  They are very well made, sturdy and do exactly what they are supposed to do, how they are supposed to do it.  Love them, love them!!!"
Very sharp scissors. We bought some last year without the non stick and they are still as sharp as the day we unpacked them. Very good scissors.
Love them.. Love them.  the best.!!
"I have an older pair of the Scotch stainless steel precision scissors and they have been great. They have proven themselves over the long haul by providing a tight, sharp cutting edge and a comfortable grip. These new, titanium infused stainless steel blades are supposed to hold their edge longer than the regular stainless scissors, though I have not yet had a problem with the regular ones. I'll return to the review if these new ones show a significant performance advantage over the long term.

One characteristic to note is that these scissors only have a moderate angle in them. If you do a lot of cutting on a table, especially fabrics, I recommend 3M's bent scissors."
"My old scissors were not cutting on a straight line so I bought these Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Scissors.  I like the fit in my hand and they feel comfortable, even after hours of cutting because they have a soft touch grip. If you're like me, you want to keep your scissors for certain jobs like cutting paper separate from  well and come in really nice colors.  I like the soft touch grip and they are very well built with a nice straight cut.  They are sharp, so do not give them to young children.  Great for scrapbooking!"
"Great scissors. They cut things. Also, they were a really good price with Amazon lightening deals."
"They cut great, love the colors and the price too!"
Nice set of scissors.
Best scissors I ever had! I recommend them highly.
There isn't much to say about this except these are great scissors and an even better price.  You can't go wrong.
Great for cutting anything from paper to fabric.
"These scissors are sleek, sharp, and a good large size for the adult hand.  They are comfortable to hold, and the strong blade is made of titanium,  They easily cut everything I've tried them on.

It's a good thing they come 3 to a pack because they work well for so many things.  Each has a different accent color, so you can easily designate one for paper, one for photos, and another for fabric (or whatever you need them for).

The one problem I had is that one of the scissors was really tight and difficult to open and close.  Hopefully it will loosen up with use."
They work as well as much more expensive ones. I was very pleased.
These are fabulous! They are hefty and very sharp.
"These  were a lightning deal and I got a bargain!  Nice size, light-weight, sharp, precise cutting."
These are very useful.  I have used them for several months and they are still cutting great.
Heavy duty scissors for a great price!  Well built and very sharp scissors!
"Scissors, ubiquitous, overlooked, rarely considered as long as they remain utile. These are superior scissors. First, they are connected by a screw and may therefore be disassembled for cleaning. The blades are much sharper than any other scissors I have used. The non-stick seems to work fine. The tips are not sharp, but less rounded  than most, so one might be a little cautious letting children use them. These are just swell and highly recommended."
Super sharp and sturdy.
"Scissors work great, good price on amazon daily deal."
"Awesome scissors and a great value. I use them for fabric, paper, and miscellaneous. Makes smooth cuts easy. I've chucked most of the other scissors that were in my house."
Wow these scissors are sharp. Very precise clean cutting. Great scissors.
"These scissors are pretty great, they cut what I need them to, and I got 2 extra pairs, so yeah ... don't really know what else to say, I bought scissors, and I got a free cardboard box out of the deal ... so yay!"
Sooo non-sticky!
"I found these scissors to be excellent for my needs. I do a lot of cutting _ cloth, leather, paper, etc. They do the job well. They came packaged very well."
"Plenty sharp, even cutting.  Design drawbacks:  Thumb and finger holes could be a bit bigger, and made to work equally well for right- AND left-handed folk.  A decent buy, but not hugely so."
"good ,sharp ,crisp cut, I like it"
"Nice and sharp for cutting fabric, which is what I am using them for...gave one to daughter and sisiter and they are finding them very sharp for cutting paper, fabric and so on.  Mine will be used just for fabric."
gift
"First a one sentence summary: these three are very good, reasonably sharp scissors, adjustable (with some effort), and non-stick with tape; at about $8 each it is a fair deal.

Here are more details:
1) They cut Scotch tape without getting sticky.  If that's really important part of your scissors' usage, then you will love them.  Unfortunately, that is only small fraction of what I do with scissors.
2) They are sharp; but they are not what I call really sharp scissors.  These scissors are not built to cut 2-mm cardboard comfortably.
3) They are adjustable; but the adjustment takes some effort.  I went back and forth of making them too loose and too tight.
4) They are too small for my hands, and I am an average size male.  I can still operate them, but the handle was made for smaller hands."
"This is my second purchase of the same set of scissors.  These are very nice, sharp, general purpose scissors that stay sharp longer than others I've had.  I will be keeping one pair and putting the other two in my adult children's Christmas stockings."
Scissors cut like they should
Great scissors at a bargain price. Amazon puts these on  sale often.
"The set contains 3 scissors of the exact same type with the only observable difference the color of the circular plastic nut that surrounds the screw between the blades.  The work very well, precisely and quickly cutting paper, cardboard, etc.  They are sharp enough to cut through several layers of paper as well as cardboard about the the thickness of the box they arrive in without any strain or hesitation.

They are advertised as ""non stick"" and so far that appears to be true, although the true test of that will only come over time while cutting through various types of material and various grades of ""stickiness"".  It's a 3M product with a full lifetime warranty related to material defects or workmanship and that doesn't appear to be a problem.  The handle is easy to hold and control.  Much better than most normal sets of scissors found in a department store that will easily replace some of the old silver type we've used.  A good product."
"I HAVE BOUGHT THESE 3 SEPARATE TIMES ON LIGHTNING DEALS...THEY WORK GREAT, WHAT MORE COULD I WANT FROM A PAIR OF SCISSORS...THE REASON I PURCHASED SO MANY (9), IS BECAUSE I COULD NEVER FIND A PAIR WHEN I NEED THEM!"
Great scissors with comfortable handles.
"These scissors, while inexpensive, are a step above the cheap ones most stores sell. The handles have a comfort grip rather than being all hard plastic, which should cut down on blisters if one is using them a lot. The blades come together fairly well; you can see some daylight between them but not much. They do have a tightening screw for if they get sloppy. They are designed so that they can be used by both right and left handed people, which will work well for me since my husband is a lefty.

The three pairs of scissors in the pack are identical except for a spot of color on the screw. I tried them on paper (excellent, crisp cut), heavy cardboard (no wobbling, cut easily), tightly woven cotton fabric (pretty darn good for not being sewing shears), and a heavy wool (not so good. Some wobbling and the cut was not precise). These will make great household shears for everyday use and the feel of them is heavy enough that I think they'll last for some time."
"With the holidays coming up, this was the perfect  tool to pick-up!

I tore into the package and found three identical scissors with a small plastic, colored pip on each.

The weight and solid construction of the sets of scissors was the first positive observation.

The scissors worked well on every paper product I tried, and I even used a pair on some tin foil, some canvas, and some plastic.  In each case, the scissors sliced through the material with ease.

The rubberized hand grips were comfortable and let me do some fine cuts on the craft cardstock paper.

The scissors are coated in a non-stick seal, but it did not appear to have any effects for the kind of cutting that I use a scissors for."
"Love having hee extra pairs of scissors around.  Comfortable grips, good blades."
Great scissors!
"So.... I knew that my previous scissors were old and abused and really aught to be replaced.

I had no idea how awesome these new scissors would be! They cut through fabric like butter, making my sewing tasks much faster and cleaner.  I haven't tried them on anything sticky, so I can't really speak to the non-stick factor, but I'm very happy with them for everyday tasks.

Also, I unexpectedly find it very convenient that these came in a 3 pack and have colored dots on them. It allows me to keep different pairs with my sewing materials and out for general use, and the colored dot helps make sure my sewing scissors haven't migrated elsewhere and been used on paper! Very happy with these and would recommend."
"This set of three Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors are very good scissors to throw into a drawer. They are sharp and seem well made. They are not very heavy, so using them while sewing would wear them out pretty fast. These are General Purpose scissor.

The appearance is really nice. I don't see where the Non-Stick feature would come in handy, except maybe while cutting tape or some sticky substance, but its not really a feature that would be a deal maker or breaker.

They come in a package of three pair, one for the kitchen, one for the office and one as a spare. They are comfortable, easy to use and very sharp when new. They are also attractive. For General Purpose, I like them very well, so I give them a 5-star rating. If you buy these for anything other than general purpose (crafting, office, paper, etc.) then I believe you might be disappointed."
"For the asking price of just under $20 at the time of this review, this is a superb set of scissors.  The blades are made out of titanium and they cut effortlessly.  The blades do stick a little, but I believe this is attributable to designing the scissors for eventual wear and I believe that ""breaking the scissors in"" will result in a set of scissors that will glide effortlessly with prolonged use.

Handles are comfortable and I don't experience the kind of cramping as soon as I usually do between my index finger and thumb; the contour of the handle is well thought out.

I'm glad to have this set and look forward to endless crafting with my daughter and Christmas/birthday gift wrapping in the years to come.  I highly recommend this set."
"The Scotch Precision Ultra Edge nonstick scissors are a good choice to have on hand for general everyday use.
If you cut a lot of packing tape or duct tape as I do, you will appreciate the addition of the nonstick coating.
I did not expect it to make much of a difference but it definitely works well, especially on sticky surfaces such as duct tape. Through various charities, I send a lot of care packages to our troops serving overseas and it's nice not to constantly be removing tape residue from the blades of scissors when boxing things up for mailing.
While I am not left handed, everyone else in my family is and they all commented on how easy and comfortable these scissors are to use for lefties.
I own specialty scissors for cooking and sewing and these are not the quality of either of those scissors nor are they meant to replace them. But they work well for everything else and allow me to keep my other scissors reserved for their specific purpose.
Nicely made, comfortable grip and sharp, nonstick blades make for a good, all purpose scissors."
"These scissors are absolutely AMAZING! We have a slight problem with scissors disappearing in our house. For some reason they seem to just vanish! So the fact that we got 3 scissors in one pack is absolutely fantastic and means that we'll have scissors for awhile! Not only is the amount of scissors you get amazing, the fact that these scissors cut almost effortlessly is honestly one of the most amazing things ever. I've cut a few things with these including paper, light cardboard, tape and even fabric and they cut through all of these things with very little effort from me.

I am very, VERY impressed with these scissors and I won't be going without them again!"
Very good scissors I would purchase them again
"These are very nice low budget scissors.  They are not ever going to compete with a higher end product.  In our household, we try to keep scissors everywhere.  Not sure why, but it just seems like we need scissors all the time:  art projects, opening packages, cutting paper, wrapping paper, etc.  So we try to keep a pair in virtually every room.  And yet, they disappear like crazy. So we frequently find ourselves at Target or Wal-Mart, buying a cheap pair or two.  These Scotch scissors are a cut above (pun intended!) these modest $3 scissors, and they feel substantially nicer.  The cutting motion is very smooth.  The handle is very comfortable, etc.  I am very happy with these.

I have NOT had much opportunity to test the long term ""non-stick"" functionality...sorry.  The little bit of tape and such that we have cut has not really left any residue.  It's certainly better than the peformance we've gotten with the cheap scissors mentioned above.  HOWEVER, I cannot comment at all on how these perform compared to high-end scissors.  But my feeling is this: don't but these as a substitute for the high-end, much beloved scissors you have.  They ARE an excellent upgrade for cheap scissors.

(By the way, these came in ""frustration free"" packaging, as pictured.  Essentially, the box opens easily and the scissors pop right out.  You don't need scissors to open the packaging!  However, it also seems like a lot of cardboard to use up for 3 scissors.  A bit wasteful.)"
"They are scissors, they are sharp, they are well make.  'Nuff said?"
"These are really nice scissors with comfortable handles and nice sharp blades.  They are great for cutting paper and handle quite easily.  They do cut with nice precision for large size cuts.  I suppose the titanium blades will make these fairly low cost scissors last and stay sharp a long time.  I think the titanium is also of value to keep the blades from getting sticky.  These scissors are color coded so you can tell whose are whose in the family.

These are not expensive fabric cutting scissors for sewing.  The will do for short cuts and thread but do not cut through fabric like butter as very expensive sewing scissors do.  I use a rotary cutter for nice straight and smooth fabric cuts."
"Very high quality scissors, great buy."
I have a few other pair of Scotch brand scissors and they have held up so well over many years. I especially love this set because they are really precise with cutting. Very smooth cut lines and easy to open and close. Nice and lightweight as well. I love the bronze color look that makes these unique. It's nice to have a different color of screw on each pair so they can be color coded. We assigned a color to each person so now we know which pair belongs to which person.
"These are quality scissors that I think will be around for a long time. The blades are sharp and cut easily. I can push easily through 1 sheet of paper while holding them in the same position, great for use on wrapping paper. The handles are nicely designed for fingers and are very comfortable, even for long periods of time. They seem well made and durable.

Since they came 3 to a set I've given them all names. Not really. I've run out of nice things to say about them now, except that I can't think of any reason why you wouldn't be satisfied with these."
"When I was a kid, my parents had some Scotch branded scissors very much like this, but without the soft grip rubber handles. Those things lasted forever and are still in service some 30 years later.

These are based on that same good quality scissor, and then some. They are nonstick which keeps tape good from building up if you cut a lot of tape. As well, they are tinanium fused, so you can run them through the dishwasher without having them rust or spot.

Finally-- they're thick and good quality, comfortable, and don't bend when cutting something thick.

In the last 10 years I've gone through more pair of scissors than I prefer to count, having bough them at the big box store and having them rust, bow and get dull. I'm really happy to get back to a quality scissor, and hopefully I won't ever have to buy some again unless I lose them."
The soft-touch surfaces and dual-handed design of the Scotch Precision Ultra Edge scissors make them comfortable to use and very versatile. They are wonderfully sharp and cut cleanly through any material you could reasonably expect to tackle with scissors of this size.
"The Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors are a really good set of all-purpose scissors, great for crafting and general use around the house.  The description indicates these scissors ideal for fabrics, but I'm a bit of a scissors snob when it comes to sewing scissors.  I'd say these are fine for basic crafting, but a real seamstress is going to want a high quality, dedicated pair of sewing scissors.  Since my husband and daughter are constantly absconding with (and occasionally ruining) my good sewing scissors, I am very happy to have this set of scissors.  They are perfect for my daughter's crafts and whatever it is my husband finds to do with them.

I especially like that these scissors are non-stick.  A lot of my daughter's crafting (glue and tape and whatnot) causes quite a bit of sticky residue to be left on the scissors she uses, and it's nice to be able to easily wipe that stuff off with a damp cloth.  These scissors are also nice and sharp; they easily cut through box tape, which comes in handy since we just moved.  They also cut paper easily and accurately, so they'd be great for the scrap-booker.  The Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors really are ideal for crafting and general household use, and I'm happy this set comes with three pairs, so my daughter, husband, and I can all have our own scissors and my good sewing scissors can remain safely tucked away."
"Bargain high quality scissors for crafts.  I keep my good fabric scissors hidden away.  Not even my husband knows where they are, so I need other scissors to produce when anyone needs scissors.  These are very good quality, comfortable to use, and inexpensive enough to leave them lying around for the children to cut up cardboard boxes or whatever.  The handles are constructed to be used by right or left handed people, but the lining is sloped so that either way is comfortable.  I would still buy specific right or left handed scissors for your real workhorse tools that you use for large projects, the kind that blister your fingers anyway, but for most things these are great.
They are very sharp and a nice medium size for whatever project comes your way."
"The titanium coating seems to work great, as tape and adhesives don't really stick to the cutting surfaces of these scissors. The rubberized coating on the insides of the handle offer enough traction to prevent slips while they are soft enough to provide comfort while cutting. The cutting surfaces are straight and non-serrated. It slices through paper effortlessly. However, it will have a harder time cutting through hard cardboard, plastic blister packages, and thicker cloth. I'd safely say these are really good craft scissors. For anything heavy-duty, like use in a shop environment, I'd look elsewhere.

Overall: 5/5 stars, great set of craft scissors. Tape and adhesives don't really stick to the titanium coated blades. Don't expect miracles with thick/hard objects as these are mainly intended for paper and lightweight cloth."
"Scotch's Precisions Ultra Edge scissors are smooth, sharp, and easy to handle.

The scissors are very nicely made.  The plastic handles are very high quality with no flex.  They also have rubberized inserts that run completely around the finger holes.  The blades are made of non-stick titanium and are very thick, sharp, and nicely finished.  Additionally, the scissors come very nicely boxed, with each being individually wrapped in plastic and held in place securely in the box.

I used the Scotches to cut through everything from copy paper, card stock, cardboard, and credit cards.  Each time the scissors cut through easily, with straight and smooth edges.  Scotch says the blades are non-stick and indeed when cutting through tape the tape never stuck to the blades.  I didn't experience any pain in my hands, even when cutting through thicker materials.  Lastly, the scissors themselves open and close smoothly and quietly.

All in all... high quality scissors."
"This trio of 8"" scissors are superior to other brands in lots of ways. How? Like this:

--they have color-coded ""button"" at the hinge, so you can assign them different cutting tasks (keeps them sharper by doing this).
--you can adjust the tension of the blades using the flat screw at the hinge.
--the grip area has a padded, rubber-like cushion which is comfortable and keeps them from slipping around as you cut.
--they have a non-stick titanium coating which prevents anything with adhesive from sticking to the blades.
--they are strong and sharp, which makes for clean, easy cuts.

For the price (and even if they were a higher price), you can't beat the quality."
"Good sharp scissors, have held up well to daily use over the first few months. Purchased as a great deal during one of Amazon's ""lightning"" deal."
"These scissors are SHARP and work very well. I use them for general household use and find them easy to use. Maybe I am so happy because I have had crap scissors for years, but I don't think so. Saw the same pair in a store for $9.99 EACH, this is a good deal."
"Having only used these a few times, they are very light--as in cheap-feeling. They are quite sharp, not your average scissors, and so far tape residue doesn't stick to them. So, for relatively out-of-the-box, they are as described. Whether they hold up to their hype of being consistently sharp and resistant to tape residue, I shall see and update."
Works good ..perfecto.
These are awesome scissors.  Very sharp and a good quality
these are very sharp and i hope to get many years of use out of them
Descent scissors.
"A house can never have too many scissors laying around - especially ones that cut well.  These Scotch Precisions are just that - precision and utility in one fell swoop.  And did I say ""sharp""?  Well, they are."
"Great all around scissors, we now aren't looking for a pair overtime we need them.  I have them in the kitchen, office, and laundry.
Very handy and very sharp."
nice! good quality!
"Nice scissors, very sharp.  Will use for crafting. I cut some batting with one pair and I wasn't too impressed - my Fiskar fabric shears were better.  But overall nice scissors."
"These scissors are color coded so we each have a pair. Nice, sharp blades. Perfect for the office."
"Great product, perfect! Very sharp along with lifetime warranty!"
"Very good scissors. I tried to get this on a ""Today's Deal"" and missed it by about 3 seconds, so I paid full price.  Full price was probably too much, but the scissors are nice."
"Was trying to cut some thin (1/16"") plastic, and was surprised a how little force it took to break the handles on one pair.

After two years, the two surviving pairs are excellent in terms of remaining sharp and cutting (paper) cleanly."
These scissors are nice and sharp.  I use them a lot in the kitchen for food prep and they work great for cutting up meat and veggies.  Sometimes I just don't feel like getting out the knife and cutting board so I use the scissors to cut food up in bowls or right into the pan I'm using to cook.  They wash well and don't rust.  I've been using them a lot the last several weeks and I can't detect any dulling of the blades.  They are comfortable to use and hold.
"Very good scissors, exceptional value."
"These scissors are great! Stylish, sharp and best of all.... new. I'm hiding them from my kids because they are just for mommy."
not as sharp as I needed for pompom making but they will get used
as expected
"I actually don't like these.  I was sort of excited to buy ""nice"" scissors, but I'm not too pleased with these.  They'll be great for regular tasks, but not for precision work. I find that they cut farther than you anticipate, like they almost cut beyond the end of the blade if that makes any sense.  The blades are also much thicker than I expected for a pair of precision scissors.  A house can never have too many pairs of scissors around so I'm sure these will get plenty of use...."
"great scissors, great price.  very happy with them."
great scissors for the price.
Feel good on my hands. Great quality. I use them on Fabrics.
Cut great. Easy to handle and adjust.
"These have been great, with a wonderful edge!"
Great scissors! Definitely not like those $1 pairs I always buy! Cut everything quickly and precise!
"These are really good scissors and while they are on the more expensive side, I think their performance and build-quality justifies the price if the buyer wants a pair of scissors with a non-stick coating. If having the non-stick coating is not that important, Scotch's standard Precision lineup with stainless blades may be a more economical choice for high-performance scissors.

I have used the less-expensive stainless Scotch Precision lineup (stainless blade with a red & gray handle) for many years and am very happy with them. These Precision Ultra Edge scissors have two main differences from the standard Scotch Precision: 1) these Precision Ultra Edge scissors have a titanium blade (versus the standard Precision having a stainless steel blade), and 2) these Precision Ultra Edge scissors have a non-stick coating on them (versus the standard Precision having a non-coated stainless finish.) Like the standard Precision line, this Precision Ultra Edge utilizes excellent craftsmanship to produce scissors that make very precise/clean cuts, are comfortable to use, and are durable. While I have not kept track of how many cuts I have made (so I cannot speak directly to the 100,000 cuts rating), I have used these a lot, mainly with paper, cardboard, and labels and they have and continue to cut all materials with ease and cleanly.

Since I already had the standard Precision scissors, the primary reason I purchased these (more-expensive) titanium Precision Ultra scissors was for the non-stick coating. I often cut labels and adhesive materials quickly build up on the blades, resulting in a messy cut and a need to clean the scissors (usually with something like rubbing alcohol). These titanium non-stick scissors do not eliminate that issue completely, but they do make notable improvements over other products I have used. Additionally, cleaning the small amount of buildup that does occur off of these is very easy (kind of like how cleaning caked-on food off of a non-stick pan takes much less effort than one without the coating.) So these make my life a good bit easier when I cut labels or tape.

The handles themselves are similar to other stainless Scotch scissors I have used. They are very comfortable, large-sized, and use a rubber material so that the skin on your hand makes contact with this softer rubber. If you use scissors non-stop, I find this design reduces blistering as well as discomfort.

So I do think these are worth the money. With that said, Scotch's standard red & gray Precision scissors lineup with stainless steel blades are also excellent-performing scissors. The biggest single difference with this Precision Ultra is that these have a non-stick coating and how this coating works really well when cutting materials with adhesives on them, such as labels (in terms of edge-holding, Scotch's stainless steel and titanium blades both hold their edge for such a loooooong time it is difficult to compare.) So if you do not necessarily need the non-stick feature, Scotch's Precision standard lineup may serve you equally well for less money. If you want scissors with a non-stick coating, these Precision Ultra Edge scissors are golden."
Excellent!
great scissors using them for a while since the grandkids seem to lose scissors rapidly seem to hold up  well and  good sharp cutting edges
I buy two of them. Those are pretty good. Get it in special so it's a good buy
"No much to say, but so far so great! Scissors are sharp and very comfortable to use!"
"These scissors are sharp and relatively inexpensive. However a word of warning, they like to pinch the skin on your fingers between the handles which can be quite painful and leave a mark. I've managed to do this to myself more times than I'd care to admit.

The only reason I bring it up at all is that we previously purchased some Fiskars Titanium tipped scissors (e.g. http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-154080-1001-Performance-Titanium-Softgrip/dp/B0038PFU0E/) and before or since I've never had that problem with them. However the way the handle on the Fiskars is designed is simply better, the two sides don't come together perfectly, they leave a gap so there is no possibility of pinching.

I think in the future we'll stick with Fiskars unless Scotch change their design."
"For general utility, these cut well, last long, and look kind of cool hanging around. Incredible value."
Great scissors for paper - not so great for ribbon or other stuff.
bought for my wife and she loves them
"I find I can never have enough scissors laying around.  Thus far, these seem to be of very good quality and I have not had any problem with using them around the house."
I can never have enough of these!
Very durable.
We go through scissors like crazy in our flower shop because people are always using them to cut things they shouldn't.  We buy the titanium blade scissors because it really does make a big difference.  And you can't go wrong with Scotch brand products!
"These things are awesome. They are great scissors for the price.

We use them to cut paper, cardstock, and plastic, along with cardboard every now and then.

Held up great and can not beat the price."
"Very timely, product was exactly as described."
My husband and I absolutely loooove these scissors. They are very sharp and fit perfectly to our hands. Thanks for such an awesome product!
"Like this so much that we bought 3 more.  So far, it stays sharp.  We use it mainly in the kitchen for all sorts of cutting needs.  For heavy duty cutting needs, such as for meat and bones, we have special shears, however."
Good sharp scissors that seem to be holding up just fine.
"Scotch 8 Inch Precision Ultra Edge Scissors, 3-Pack is very good. These scissors are sharp and stay sharp. Best quality scissors I ever found in this price range. Very sharp and stay sharp, very solid construction."
love them..nice and sharp
"I used to have a problem. When I had one sort-of-good pair of scissors, and another non-so-good pair, the better one was always walking off into another room, seemingly all by itself. (One of my friends had a habit of NOT putting it back where he got it from, then I'd have to search for it.)

These are great scissors, and my friend may borrow the pair off my desk, but he has also gotten better at returning it to my desk where he got it from. (The sort-of-good one that he borrowed and didn't return, he couldn't figure out where he left it either, so he has motivated himself to take better care of them.)

You will be VERY happy with these scissors. I keep one pair on my desk, and the other two where I can get to them if the first turns up missing."
"I can't believe they cost so little.  They are well made and very light, and very sharp.  I grabbed a pair for my tool chest; my wife got two, one for her desk, and one for the kitchen (we cut out a lot of coupons).  I used mine to cut up a cardboard box (the recycling zealots here won't take a box, only a cut up box) and they worked well on what I consider heavy use."
"Buy these. Put one in every room of the house. They're inexpensive and well made. Nicely honed so they're sharp, no burrs, no dings in the blades. Operated easily and smoothly. Colored handles can identify which belongs where or to whom. At this price you should never have to search for a pair of scissors again. Shipped fast, packaged well. Good value"
"I've purchased two of these sets and I love them. The colors are nice, they feel good (even after a fair amount of cutting), and they work great (nice and sharp). They are a good size. I've actually switched from Fiskars over to these for most of my scissors needs. I'd use them in the kitchen if they dis-assembled for cleaning. They periodically go on sale, so get them then if you can, but even at full price, they are a good value.

With that said, I'm not sure they should replace anyone's cloth shears for all-day sewing (they are comfortable, but not up to that level). But for standard, desk-drawer/wrapping-paper/kid's-project needs, they are great."
"I like these scissors. I do not like dull scissors at work and I purchased a pack of these to replace all of our old ones. They are sturdy and last a long time. This is my second set (I have one at home, too)."
Great value.  Good product.
"These are some fine scissors ladies and gentleman!

If you are like me, you have had a pile of cutting work that has been put aside for a long time, well it's time to get out those cutting jobs now. These scissors can handle all you can throw at them, just don't throw them at your work, trust me it doesn't work nearly as well. The handles are soft, yet firm and are great when used for cutting paper or cardstock to cut rather then used for throwing. The titanium coated blades are sleek and so far have not had any issues slicing through tape, or paper coated with bits of glue. The pivot is adjustable for tension even if Ross wasn't. (veiled Friends reference).

there are even three different colors in the box, green, blue and purple. (the pivot)"
Excellent quality.
lovet  my mom take  all
excellent scissors
"Nice scissors.  Feel good in my hands.  Like getting three in a box. I have one for crafts, one of the kitchen and one for general purpose."
Work great!  Good purchase.
"Got it on sale! Very good deal! Super sharp, I made sure I oiled it well before it's first use. Will last a lifetime if taken care of."
"Love the color coded scissors -- it's easy to tell when someone has ""borrowed"" my purple handled ones! They are great for teachers, office, or for the utility drawer at home. I prefer the nonstick coating, too, when the kids do art projects. They can't seem to ever wait until the glue has fully dried before cutting things."
"Three pairs of scissors in frustration free packaging this is the deal here people. Does anyone else have trouble spelling scissors? I think its the c that messes me up, but I digress. These come razor sharp from the 3M folks and with them arriving in frustration free packaging it allowed me to get cutting right away with no fuss, well except that I needed some scissors to open the packaging which is why I was purchasing these...oh well.

these are so nice, I ended up getting a second set so I could open the first set but ran into the same frustration free dilemma. I eventually was able to open both packages and the working of the scissors has been great, they have not bound up on tape, or the card stock we need to cut through. They also feature a user adjustable screw to facilitate the users need to adjust the tension in the room, or at least the tension on the scissors.

Well made and at a fair price."
What a nice set of scissors. Super sharp. I gave one to my daughter.
"The definition of ergonomic is ""designed for comfort or to minimize fatigue"". The curve guides your three fingers of your right hand through so that when you cut, you could get your fingers pinched between the two handles. This is a different design and the curve in there is unnecessary. It should be symmetrical if viewing the scissors widthwise so that your fingers are snug but not getting caught. Now after using other scissors, I have to get used to readjusting my hand every time I use these and holding them awkwardly so that I can make a cut without pinching my fingers. Like if my fingers were angled down rather than pointing towards my thumb like they would in a normal fist grip, then I would be safe. And that is strange that they would claim it is ergonomically and you cannot make a fist when using. Also rotating my fingers like that is going to cause strain on my tendons of my arm and I may not end up using them afterall, except just for minor tasks. Big disappointment. You would not know until you tried them if you like the way they feel. I really just think they made it curve differently on one side because they wanted to make it look cool the way cars look but these are scissors, they do not need to be aerodynamic.

I want to add that they are pretty sharp which is good and come in plastic bags which are like little sleeves, and also a box that has grooves so that they can go away safely. The box closes on itself and is reusable like a case, which is a great design despite the awkwardly designed handles of the scissors."
Beautiful
Cut my coupons good with a straight line..
(boy) what scissors. supper shaper . if are looking for good scissors ! these are it. as I heard thy are to snug. not so! if not they will not cut write .mine are perfect upon rec. them. I bought a lot off scissors in my life . are the best yet. yack on store bought.
"Great scissors for all my basic needs and a little more!  I love using them an they are my go to general purpose scissors.  Perfect for ribbons, photos, office use, kitchen, garden, I ordered 2 sets so I would have a pair everywhere."
"very nice, quality scissors, I love the rubberized finger grips"
Nice scissors
"Nice scissors, great packaging.  My wife likes them much better than the 'cheap' scissors out there!  Happy wife, happy life!"
nice scissors for the price. mine keep disappearing so 3 is none too many.
Love these crisp cutters!
"I have several pair of each version.  As far as I can tell, the only difference is the addition of a thin non-stick coating to the mating surfaces of the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Scotch-Precision-Ultra-Edge-Non-Stick-Scissors-8-Inches-3-Pack-1468-3AMZ/dp/B00JBKVMJI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors, 8 Inches, 3-Pack (1468-3AMZ)</a>.  Both types are extremely sharp and have retained their edge through heavy use...the titanium coating is very thin, but much harder than ordinary steel.  (Note that that the titanium is just a thin coating.  The blades will nick if you try to cut something too hard!)  The non-stick coating really helps if you're cutting something sticky or wet.  Cutting tape often leaves adhesive residue on the blades.  That seems to happen less often, and cleans off easier, with the non-stick version.  They also seem to work slightly smoother as the edges glide past one another.

Which one is better for you?  Right now, there's a $10 difference between the non-stick and regular three pack.  If the edges of your current scissors look like the Rocky Mountains, get the cheaper ones...there's no point in spending the extra money if you're going to just chew them up.  If they're in good shape, I'd go to the non-stick version.  The extra cost, spread over the three pair, isn't that much and the non-stick surface is nice to have when it's needed."
"Clean, smooth cutting you'd expect from much more expensive scissors.  Handles are as comfortable as one would expect."
best scissors I've owned!
"Nice grip, cuts nicely, great colors!"
"Very nice scissors. They have a nice coating on them. Nice packaging, too."
Super sharp and well made.  Got a band aid on my finger after just a few uses to prove it.
Excellent product. Replaced older pair
Great scissors what more can I say.
Super sharp scissors. perfect for the office and home.
"Arrived sharp, color-coded, ready to go.
I've used them on paper, packaging, and myriad household items as well as set one aside for fabric.
They have been great. I'm just sorry I skimped along with el cheapo dollar store scissors for so long. These are a great value."
Best scissors I ever bought!
I am very picky about my scissors and these are the best ever!!!
Excellent!!
"These have a professional feel, sharp, and durable."
"These are fantastic! I wouldn't have guessed that scissors would please me so, but they are really sharp, and I love having a pair for all the key places in the house, and the different colors help them to be properly returned their their correct homes."
good buy
"I bought these scissors from Costco a couple of years ago. I have used them outside to cut dead blooms off flowers, snip herbs, and cut wire. I have one dedicated to kitchen-use only - I've managed to quarter a duck and butterfly a chicken with ease. They stay sharp enough for my crafting projects, even though I don't have one pair to use for fabric only, they still cut beautifully. They also wash very easily and I have had zero problems with them rusting or with the fastening screw loosening. They're also very comfortable to use.

The one thing I'd warn: be EXTREMELY careful when using this. I was using them to trim a bouquet of flowers, angled them the wrong way while trying to get through a particularly stubborn branch, and accidentally cut the skin on my knuckle. It nearly cut clean through and it took over a week to heal. I'm typically careful with scissors, no matter how sharp, but a moment of lapse ended up in a lot of blood. They're great and will cut anything, but remember that includes your skin."
"Solid, sharp, good cut, good deal.  Can't have too many of these around."
is great product and fast delivery
Best scissors I've owned and great price!
"i love them.  They are so sharp!  I haven't had them long enough to find any flaws at all, but I will update this review if something out of the ordinary pops up."
"I bought these one day when I couldn't find a pair of scissors anywhere (I'm sure I have at least a half dozen) and got aggravated. I'm glad I did and bought another pack to make sure they are in drawers around the house and in my office. Comfortable to use, sharp, and they hold up well."
"Great value, good quality for kitchen & office. Delivery was fast."
sharp!!!
"How did I live for so long with sub par scissors?

There is no reason for you to suffer the same disappointment when you reach for a pair of scissors only to find the mediocre ones that tear more than they shear.  There is no reason to have to say ""Honey, where did you put the the _good_ scissors?""

Every scissor can be a good scissor with this convenient 3-pack.

Do yourself a favor and feel the awesome power of these ""Precision Ultra Edge"" blades every time you have to cut something.  Not only does the name sound tactical, the blades themselves are also anodized in a dark, tactical gun-metal gray-black."
non stick - love that - I HATE trying to get the tape gummy off scissors.
"Great for paper trimming, crafting. They work great."
"Out of the pack of three, one arrived with a broken handle, but since I only have two hands in the first place, I wasn't going to worry about it. The other two are comfortable enough, sharp, and I have had to hide them so my co-workers don't steal them."
"I have bough two sets of these
They are made well and are very sharpe"
excellent
good scissors
always gives good precise cutting
"Good scissors are hard to find, but these are superb. Titanium blades, great for cutting anything. Very sharp, and great ease when cutting. I've used it for various types of paper, vinyl, cardboard, sheet metal foil, etc."
sharp and accurate
"Work fine. Bought enough so that when we misplace them, there's always a spare and at this cost, it didn't drain the bank."
I ordered these scissors because my Fiskars would no longer cut paper.  They have a very nice rubberized grip built into the handles so they're easy on the hands.  The colors are nice too. I keep a pair in 3 different locations where I usually need a scissor. They are very sharp and cut both paper and fabric.
"Sharp, colorful and effortless to use.  You'll save many headaches with these scissors if you have a pair that just aren't cutting it (pun intended)."
Very easy to apply and use.  Very little makes thick foamy lather. Especially good with a Badger brush.
"The 3 are different in size.  Was hoping the smallest would be alittle smaller but okay.  All extremely sharp and the handles are
padded and easy grip.  So far no complaints."
"If you need a pair of general-purpose scissors, you won't go wrong with these. You may not be *amazed* by the non-stick, titanium-infused blades, but you'll definitely notice that they're a little better than any other scissors in this price range with regard to cutting power and comfort.

Pros: Comfortable, non-stick blades stay sharp, great value
Cons: None"
"Package came on time as always from Amazon. The quality of these scissors is very good, perfect for the office or home!!!"
Good quality for the price
Wonderful scissors.  So sharp and now I have one everywhere I need it.
"Awesome scissors. Smooth cutting, strong blades and bright fun colors. Just as good or better than my Fiskars!"
"Bought these on a lightning deal and couldn't be happier.  Very good quality, very sharp scissors!  The colored areas are soft comfort grips that make them pleasant to use, too.  I only needed two pair so I gave one to a friend, and she's equally impressed."
"Great scissors. Comfortable enough to use consistently all-day, everyday."
"These scissors had a really gritty, catchy edge. I returned them. I didn't like them at all. Cheap."
Nice scissors.  Really good price.
nice scissors. Love the non stick facility of them
I do sewing and I find these don't work any better then a pair I bought at dollar general.
"Love these scissors!  Purchased another box so all rooms have a pair.  They're sharp, make clean cuts, and fit perfectly in my hand."
These scissors are very sharp.  Also light weight - no sore spot on the thumb when cutting lots of fabric.
"Nice scissors, especially with a ""Today's Deal"" price.  They are SHARP and will become the ""good"" scissors reserved for fabric.  We are a household of many scissors of all sizes, shapes and designs and use them for years, or until they wear out or the handles break (plastic handles are the rule on 90% of today's scissors).  The titanium blades will mark these as different and not to be used on paper, to open packages or for the myriad other things we use scissors, plus there are three of them.  I hope to have these for a long time.  I will update my review if they fail to meet my expectations.  One question I do have about them at this point - can they be sharpened?  We do sharpen our scissors as needed both by hand and by machine.  It will also be important to see how long they will hold their sharp edge.

All in all, a good buy for three pairs of nice, sharp scissors even if they don't last for years and years.  Titanium blades may become our scissors of choice in the future."
"For the price these are super high quality.  Feels good in the hand, sturdy.  Would not use on any fabric heavier than mid weight cotton.  Cuts paper beautifully, can cut cardboard but not ideal."
"Wow! Really nice scissors. I bought three packs of three, as scissors have a way of going missing (or getting left outside, or getting broken) in my house. At this price, I can put several out for the kids and my husband to walk off with, while keeping some hidden away for my own use. Chances are good that I will be buying this again."
Bought these as a Black Friday discount. These are sharp scissors and seem to be pretty durable.
"Surprised. Not only because of the number of good reviews but also that a name like Scotch would produce the worst pair of scissors that I've ever had the displeasure to use since kindergarten... and I've used a lot of scissors. I came across these here now because I'm on Amazon looking to replace the pair I own. Go figure. Maybe I got a bad pair or they fixed the problem of the center screw loosening up, so sick of fixing it every time i use them and its finally jammed it a not at all tight position. Blades are good tho..."
"These scissors not only work incredibly well, but overall just feel great to use. Every cut feels silky smooth and you can tell that the blades are nice and sturdily constructed."
Great scissors
Very nice scissors
"I've accumulated quite a few pairs of these scissors, they are stashed all over the house for various purposes.  They work well and the oldest pairs I have are lasting well."
"From the very first time you hold these scissors, you know they are a quality pair of scissors.  They are very comfortable in your hand, the tension is perfect, and best of all ... they are sharp!  These general purpose scissors for your home or office cut paper, plastic, cardboard, flower stems, and many other materials with ease and they stay sharp.

Though these scissors are made in China, they are manufactured to 3M's quality standards."
"These scissors take some of the torture out of packing. Fit the hand nicely, and eliminate those tape-on-blade snarls."
Good sharp scissors but the grips aren't as ergonomic as a pair of Fiskars I have.  Probably due to the fact that these aren't right hand specific  like the Fiskar scissors.  The scotch ones are very sharp.
They work great!!! I love these! A little too expensive still... but they're good. I'm hoping the last a while though! ^_^
"I knew that a major reason I was drawn to these was because of how cute they are but even more so, I know Scotch to be a superior brand and I was right to trust them.  These scissors are exactly what my office needed: strong, sharp, and reliable.  The colors also help me keep track of which ones I've claimed for myself.  The moral of the story is cuteness and function really can go together. Go for it!"
Yep they cut great.  Supposed to be designed to last a long time so I hope these are the last scissors I need to buy
"Bought these for everyone in my family.  They are a great bundle at the price of 1 pair out at the store.  They are a quality scissor, sharp, and work well."
Excellent sharp scissors. Right size for my hand.
"The best heavy-duty scissors I have found, lifetime warranty from Scotch and they look and feel  great"
"These scissors are wonderful and cut perfectly,they are made out of titanium and are among the strongest on the market. (If not the strongest)."
"These are sharp and good, for a good price."
I teach preschool and am constantly cutting construction paper. These are great. Most scissors last me a few months before they start to dull. These have been working great for three months and still feel as sharp as when I got them.
Great deal for great scissors.
"Very good scissors. Appear to be well made and sturdy. Seem to be better than my old Friscars, and priced right. Excellent deal for three pair of good quality scissors."
"Great scissors.  I don't know what else to say... they are comfy to hold, they cut fine.  Glad I bought these.  I use them in my office and in the garage for any sort of light cutting action.  For heavy cutting I go for the tin snips."
"I did not buy these for quality. I bought them in order to have a scissors at arms length wherever I am in the house. I must have half a dozen scissors here and there. But I needed just a few more to NEVER have to hunt for a decent scissors. They are comfortable and sharp. But I suspect they may do poorly on thick (cardboard) or unruly (fabric) materials. For paper and thin cardboard, they are perfect, and the price is right."
"One in my office, one in my kitchen knife drawer, and one in the bathroom. Excellent all purpose scissors at a can't be beat price. Thanks!"
wonderful scissors
"Great bargain for the price.  We are always losing scissors and now we have one in each room.  They work good, as expected.  They feel decent/well made.  We're happy with the purchase."
"Sharp, cutting, and to the point. If only my intelligence could say the same."
"Nice deal on three pairs of utility scissors. Good, strong -if pretty bulky."
Thank you great product
"very sharp, grips are comfortable"
These scissors are sharp as can be and are high quality. Ive left them out in the rain while cutting weed barrier and they are still running strong. I purchased them on a lightning deal for a great price and glad i did
"VERY nice scissors - all three of them.  Am I in scissor heaven?  YUP!

Sharp, too!

Hubby approved and seeing as he's a machinist for over 40 years now......he knows about metal and sharpness.

Love 'um.  GREAT price.  I'd buy them again.  Thank you!!"
Great scissors!  They're very sharp.
"I use these scissors in a shipping office, but rarely to cut paper. We sell multi packs of items that come in a foil pack. This scissors cut effortlessly through the foil wrapped packs, and very cleanly so that our customers don't receive product that is dangerous and frayed. I have tried similar looking scissors from Office Max and they disappointed, they practically tear up the packs (not good). The handles are nice and big/open, I am a man and my fingers don't feel jammed. Great idea to have them color coded to keep in certain areas, etc and keep better track of them. These are incredibly economically priced so you are not fretting over lost scissors."
They weren't as sharp as I was hoping for.
"Nice price, comfortable scissors. I was able to hand my wife her pink ones back."
"I am probably super cautious - shred all paper trash that has my name or address on it.  Self-stick adhesive is not good for shredders.  These scissors cut those self-stick address labels and donation forms without gumming up.  Well, almost.  Every few months, I clear the gum off the blades (15 minutes while watching TV).  Definitely do not gum up as badly as regular scissors."
"So far. they are remaining sharp.  And so far, they have yet to vanish into that place where we lose cheap reading glasses, chap stick, pens and books of post-its."
"I destroyed the version of these scissors with a non-stick coating by trying to cut heavy-duty staples to shorten their legs. (Wrecked the scissor but barely dented the staples - until I switched to tin snips.)

I was going to buy another of the same kind of scissors for about $11 until I saw the 3 pack of these for only a dollar more. They arrived quickly and appear to be just as sharp and strong - and in cutting through sticky ""Gorilla"" duct tape there was no adhesive build-up on the scissors."
Great service and product!!!
"Very high quality scissors. You will love the black metal. Good hand grips, too!"
excellent shipping and perfectly looking scissors. They do the work as well!
"""ultra-edge"" may be an exaggeration.  They are not really cheap, but not high-quality.  Just in the middle."
"They were OK scissors but we found that when cutting fabric the last 1/2"" of the scissors didn't cut.  We ordered it twice and had the same problem with all six scissors.  We were cutting mid weight muslin and 4 way stretch spandex.  They worked great on paper."
"Looking for handy and decent scissors? These are awesome! I have had these for a while and they still work as well as when I purchased them.

Pros:
- Have multiple scissors to place on different floors, in your sewing kit, wrapping paper area.
- Stay sharp
- Handle is comfortable for lots of cutting
- Cover a decent amount of space while cutting

Cons:
None!

These have been an excellent purchase! I visually know where I keep them and having the different colored handles has kept them in the same places for me. I always felt that I was looking for scissors and now I can always find a pair."
These scissors are great.  They have stayed sharp so far.
They're scissors... they cut stuff... They are sturdy and well made but a bit pricey. I think you're better off going to office max or somewhere. No deal to be had here.
My mom has used this brand of scissors for years and they have held up to some pretty heave duty packaging. Wh Yusuf bought a set for our own home after our other sick scissors have dulled/rusted/come loose.
"These seem okay so far.  I don't see them as extremely sharp, but they'll do."
"These are such a nice alternative from the orange scissors you see everywhere.  They work great, feel solid/sturdy, and I love the colors."
"I've been searching for a decent pair of kitchen scissors for some time. Bought some expensive big brand name ones and was not impressed. Honestly, I did not know if these would be any different, but they definitely are. I'm very satisfied and would recommend these."
"Don't get cheaper scissors. These are sharp and have a great feel to them. Nice and heavy, well aligned, and get the job done. They make quick work of paper and pizza boxes."
No complaints!  Product cuts well and has so far held up under a good amount of use.  They're also very comfortable to hold.
This 3-pack of Scotch scissors is excellent.  The scissor blades are nice and sharp while the grip is very comfortable.
"love the colors (of the handles and the blade itself). I like having scissors pretty handy, so I put them in most rooms. These feel great in hand, and the price is hard to beat!  Will order more if I end up needing them."
"Super bargain.  These work perfectly, they feel great in your hands.  I can pick them up and cut with either hand."
I do some crafting but also grow catnip and these have been great for cutting up t-shirts to make toys and for cutting the nip. I gave away 2 pairs and bought another set so I have them in different rooms at my house. Great product.
"These do the trick. They are good, solid scissors. They are very sharp. Somewhere in my house is a gnome with a collection of about 15 scissors."
best scissors i bought for the price. sharp and looks great . i don't think i would ever need to buy again.
"This is a very nice purchase. These Scotch scissors have a satisfying feel and incredible build quality. The titanium blades feel light yet sharp and strong. Everything about the scissors feels polished and high-quality.

They serve their purpose very, very well. They do not have extraordinary cutting qualities (don't try and cut unreasonably thick stacks), but they are quite precise and the ""feel"" of the cut is fantastic.

Highly recommended for those looking for scissors for casual office and home use."
This scissors cuts good and easy to use for anyone.  Would recommend this for any craft or cutting just about anything.
These are quite sharp but since I bought them for cutting book tape and they still get gummed up quite easily I only gave them 3 stars.
Happy I finally got a good pair of sharp scissors and the price was very good. Highly recommend this purchase.
"these are quite comfortable to use - for righties, anyway - and cut very well. I needed several for a group project and made the right choice."
"I'm not imoressed with their sharpness. My cheap scissors are the same. Maybe these wilkl last longer- I do buy new $1 scissors every few years. These will have to last for many,many years to be worth it."
We are forever hunting down scissors in this house. Thus I ordered this 3 pack. These are very nice scissors! I was impressed the first time I used one. They have very sharp blades and smooth action. The handles are quite comfortable. They are a pleasure to use.
"We ordered these scissors for our office and are completely happy with this purchase!  They have a good, comfortable grip and excellent cutting edges.  Very good purchase for us, we ALL like them!"
"Just received them and have only used one of them very briefly, but have a good impression. Nice design (even kinda pretty!), sharp, and sturdy. If they hold up for a couple of years for light-duty household task, they'll represent an excellent value."
"Great scissors and very sharpe.  Use for everyday paper, tape, boxes, wrapping paper and even plants and rope.  Work great and clean easily."
"These are fabulous scissors.  If there are better household scissors out there for the price, I'd like to know who makes them."
"These scissors for the price are so good.  Love that you can get them in colors to coordinate!  The feel good, not heavy and cut very well."
"I don't know why I bought 9 pairs, 3 packs of these scissors. I suppose I expected them to dull or break just like the rest. But they haven't! I've cut wire, and thick card board, have a pair now in the kitchen for cleaning chicken and turkey. They are just fantastic."
great
"These scissors are sooooooo sharp, they should last my lifetime and beyond. An excellent  product. I gave a pair to my Mom too as one is always hunting around the house for a good, sharp pair of scissors."
3M products are always good quality ..needed a GREAT pair of scissors to wrangle my plastic canvas so I chose these. The grips are very roomy without being TOO big & very comfortable to use for extended periods of time. Works great ! Great price & free shipping because I combined with many other articles..Amazon is great this way !!
"These were perfect for general use home scissors. I like that there are 3 so I can keep one in the kitchen, dining room, and home office. I don't have to go searching around for a scissor."
these scissors scissor stuff so good. I even cut a bunch of crappy adhesive crap with them and all the gunk was easily removed from the blades. Nice and sharp too. I feel like i could run them over and they would still scissor nicely.
"they are sharp, the cut, and they maintain their sharpness what more could a person want with a pair of scissors"
Excellent scissors! Strong design. I love the titanium blades. Very sharp and does not dull easily. Very happy with my purchase.
"These are some nice scissors, and I like the three pack for the price.

Titantium blades, so they should last.  I use one pair in the kitchen for food stuffs."
I do a lot of paper crafting and these work great.  I have tried the Fiskar brand and I prefer these.  I like the grip on these scissors better.
These are some of the most durable scissors I've ever used. They are still sharp even after months of use. They are great for crafts and other uses around the house.
Very nice scissors.  Good looking and sharp.  And nice colors and design. Great to cut my toenails with.  Good price.
"I got these for cutting yarn for my knitting projects. My kids frequently borrowed my old pair, and I got tired of having to track them down. These stay sharp and haven't loosened. The handles are also perfect for my hands."
"These scissors are light weight, come in a nice protective pouch and slice through paper and plastic film without moving your fingers! I'm not sure how long the blades will stay this razor sharp but the package says ""lifetime"" guarantee so I will see. The price was a bargain."
I had 2 pairs of ancient scissors and finally had enough with them!! Bought these and forgot how good it was to have scissors that really cut nicely. These cut everything I've used them on cleanly and the non-stick feature is very nice. A great purchase that I should have made long ago!
"we love these scissors we use them in our bacteria lab they stay sharp for a very long time they are very comfortable on everyones hands, we use them for cutting up paper to check for bacteria levels so they are dipped into alcohol then placed into a flame to burn off the alcohol the only issue is overtime the handle stats to melt a little. I highly recommend them"
"Work very well. Have a great sharp edge, feel very high quality and are a great price.  Much better than generic brand scissors"
"Still sharp as new after more than 2 years. Great price for 3, I have them in kitchen, office, bathroom (super sharp for haircuts!)  Love these & just ordered a set for my mom."
"I bought these scissors to cutout diagrams on paper.  These scissors are just perfect for my hand size and fingers.  And they arrived well sharpened; I could get cutting, precisely right away!"
These are great paper scissors.  I often teach crafts at church and love having a few extra pairs of decent scissors for the ladies to use!
The scissors are very cool. they arrived very quickly after I ordered them.  i was able to give a pair to each member in the family.
"Very good scissors.  They cut stuff, just like they are supposed to :).  We tend to misplace our scissors, so getting a set of 3 was great for us."
"This is nice and sturdy product. After using for six month, I am very satisfied with this product, will buy again"
Good quality scissors. Have had no issues with rusting even though I leave these in my garage year-round. Bought this pack here and two weeks later found them at Costco for five bucks cheaper. Still an excellent price.
These scissors were a great addition to the household.  Sharp and colorful - could use another set and may buy one soon.
"Great little box of scissors.  Sharp and good colors, haven't dulled on me yet and i put them through some hard work!"
Amazing quality for the price. Heavy scissors so you know they are not cheap. Surprised they come 3 in a pack for this price. They cut very well. Can tell they will last a long time.
"I bought these and were really happy with them. I am ordering more as soon as possible. Great scissors, great price."
Really good scissors - very good price. They are sturdy and can stand up to heavy card stock/cardboard. I recommend them!
"These are high-quality scissors, I try to keep a pair handy at any of my work areas (office, kitchen, tool room)."
I don't ask for much in my scissors. I want them to cut decently and without much effort. That's what these do. And it's fun to have the different colors. Good for the price.
i use this strictly to cut any kind of beef pork or any food sources nothing else mahalo and aloha
These scissors are fantastic. They are super sharp and work great on any type of material. I would recommend these to anyone.
These are really great scissors! They work perfectly. They're sharp and don't tear through paper like duller scissors do. I recommend these!
"These are really nice scissors.  Sharp, nice handles, work great.  Blades are black instead of silver color. Handles have grippy parts."
"These scissors are great.  Very, very sharp and fit my hand well.  I am left handed so I always have trouble, but these are great."
"Comfortable, colorful and the titanium is terrific. I have not tried running with them, yet. The affordable price is such that the box of 3 would make a great gift for any occasion. Especially for anyone in a townhouse who needs a pair of scissors on each level."
"I had been buying these scissors one at a time in the grocery store, but got mad one day when I could not find even ONE pair in my house, so decided to solve that problem and buy a bunch:  these are tons cheaper than getting them one at a time... will definitely purchase again because I really want and need good, sharp scissors--and these are my favorites."
"Got this three pack for my wife. She likes them alot. Keep one in the desk, one in the kitchen and one up high in a cupboard so the kids don't use it and dull it. =) These are solid and sharp."
I purchased this to replace the pair everyone uses and broke.  They are coated but still need to be wiped off occassionally.  I like the fact that they can cut more than paper easily.
I don't really thing the carbon blades on these things are any better. I actually think they are less sharp than real scissors.
"I adore these scissors! My daughter and I fight over the pair we had before so I decided to buy another pair. When I saw that the price of 3 was cheaper than buying two separately I went for that and I am so happy. They cut brilliantly through fabric (which can be tough with lousy scissors) and slides right through wrapping paper without having to actually do the cutting motion. We've had them for over a year and my daughter has cut every possible thing you can with them. She has made huge mansions out of cardboard, construction paper and cut through thinnish plastic, not a single notch in the blades. Definitely worth buying and certainly better than buying hugely overpriced scissors that don't work or last any longer than these."
"These are some of the best scissors I've purchased!  Actually so sharp I won't let my kids even use them, I'm afraid they'll cut off a finger!!"
I like these scissors very much.  They are well designed and I highly functional.  The are VERY sharp so be careful with them and keep them out of the reach and the hands of children.
Very high quality scissors in my opinion.  Bought the 3 pack so i could change out the pair in the Kitchen and Den and have a spare.  Would definitely buy again but I can tell by the quality that won't be any time soon.
the best product I never have I yes buy  for the price and never imagine the quality of the product thanks
These scissors are great everyday scissors.  They are extremely smooth and very sharp.  I would recommend these scissors for any everyday house hold task.
Great scissors for the price.  They cut well and do seem to keep their edge exceptionally.  I would recommend buying them.
"I needed scissors around the house (they keep getting misplaced), and these scissors work for everything. Arts and crafts (fabrics, sewing, cardboard, paper), and other general household things. They are really easy to clean, too, and I haven't had any issues with tape gunking them up. I will definitely purchase again if i need more scissors!"
"For the price these are amazing scissors. They are sharp, light weight and so easy to use. The rubber grip gives the user a good hold of the scissors, and as they are non-stick sellotape shouldn't stick to the blades (though I have not tried that out for myself yet). You won't get better for this price."
"I love these scissors. They are nice and sharp, and they cut really smoothly. The grips and finger holes are comfortable and provide sufficient traction so your fingers don't slip. The 3 different colors is nice so you can use each color for a specific task (for example: one for paper, one for heavier materials, and one for tape). They are also lightweight even though they have nice long blades. Added bonus: these are some of the nicest looking scissors I've seen."
"Not much else needs to be said, these are sharp and do exactly what you would expect. The soft handle also makes them extremely comfortable for prolonged use."
I was a bit hesitant to purchase due to the low price but I am glad I did!  They perform much better than I expected.  My family always tell me how well they work!
"I bought a few pairs of these scissors.  I use them often & like them.  If you buy them, get the top of the line ones."
"I have not been satisfied with these scissors. All of these have just frayed thinner paper and would not cut anything else for me, not even very thin ribbon.  I believe this is because of the metal ""caps"" on the blade ends.  The cutting part of the blades do not align tightly and they are not sharp at all. I use to think xacto was wonderful but my last three products were very disappointing."
I would gladly pay $14.24 for just one pair of these. I have some made-in-Finland Fiskars that I had professionally sharpened and they are not this sharp. These also have very low friction making it feel very easy to cut through things.
They do all I need them to do for general household scissors...plus the price cannot be beat...have a pair in 3 different rooms now.
This is a great product.  Really sharp and right to the point when using them to cut.  I really recommend these scissors.
These are very sharp - high quality general purpose scissors. I was surprised to get 3 of these for this low price!
"These things are really, really sharp. Made Christmas wrapping a breeze! The price was really a deal too!. Highly recommended."
"I cut everything from heavy boxing material, fabric, wires, tape, bananas, and more! These scissors are by far the sharpest and most reliable scissors I have ever had. These easily cut through a 1/2 inch thick fabric material and have stayed sharp this whole time. The cut is clean and does not fray. Do yourself a favor and relieve your old scissors of duty with these amazingly sharp and high quality scissors. Loved these so much I bought them for the entire business!"
"Use this in the home office.  Find it to fit the hand easily.  Lightweight, durable and precise.  Would recommend this product."
"We saw this on daily deals. We needed new ones anyways, but these are really good scissors. I wish I ordered two!"
"Will never buy another pair / brand of scissors. I just bought three more pair to have in every room of my house and in my office. Dull scissors no more!! Seriously my life has gotten easier since buying these. Even opens tough things with no problem. Very comfy handles and very long blades. Great for precise cutting, wrapping paper, food packages, even tough things like cat litter bags or clamshell packages. Thank you Scotch!!!"
These are strong and durable and colorful. Very sharp and handy to have. Cuts like butter. Not much more to say.
"I never thought that I'd be writing a review about a pair of scissors, yet here I am doing exactly that. I purchased these scissors in hopes of them being better than the ones that I currently have which were purchased from a dollar store a little over a year ago. I didn't have high expectations but I was at least expecting them to be better than my used $2.00 pair of scissors from the dollar store. Unfortunately, my used 2 dollar scissors work better than these brand new pair of scissors straight out of the package! The only positive thing that I can say about these scissors is that they do look nicer than my year old used scissors! These scissors are going to be returned back to amazon after I am done writing this review. Some of you might say, well what did you expect for a pair of 5 or 7 dollar scissors? Well, let me tell you what I expected from a pair of 7 dollar scissors...I expected them to work better than my USED, ONE year old pair of scissors that I literally purchased from a dollar store."
The 3 pack of the 3M Scotch 8 inch precision ultra edge scissors work great and are easy to use.
Bought these as a daily deal on Amazon for a low price. They're a good value for the price. Not sure yet how long they will stay sharp.
"This is an excellent set! You get 3 colorful scissors and each works as advertised! I have them throughout the house and they haven't failed yet! They feel solid and have a smooth sharp cut to them. It's funny how easy it is to lose scissors so having 3 comes in very handy. They arrived in an easy to open box and can always be safely accessed or stored in the box. The colors should just be a bonus if you like them, but they definitely shouldn't detract someone from buying the set. Highly recommended!! A++++++"
"Pretty Sharp and work well on paper and plastic films and wrappers, something that so many of these new scissors cannot do- these do well. I want scissors in every drawer and these are a good price and are pretty good to have around without busting the bank or spending like a California Governor. Sorry Jerry Brown, I have a budget, unlike you guys. So for bandages,paper,tape, plastic film and packages and emergency kits, these are performing very well. These are  titanium ( who cares) and coated so they do not rust like so many raw titanium scissors do- nice. I am trying a pair in the kitchen to see how they do with food too, so far so good."
"I love these scissors.  They are the best scissors.  I use them for everything.  I have a pair for fabric, one for paper, and one for everything else.  They are VERY sharp."
"I have not bought a new pair of scissors in years,I was not disappointed with my choice,  these were lighter and very well made,,I am very happy with my new scissors!"
I'm a lefty and this works perfect for me. And at 8 bucks it was half the price of a comparable one at a local staples. also the brown and white color combo are appealing.
"These scissors are sharp, and they really don't pick up any tape residue. I will look for more in other sizes."
"I really like these scissors and use them for cutting fabric.. They're very sharp and do a great job, but I do feel them ""give"" just a bit if I'm cutting something thick, which makes me think they could pop apart.. I don't think they're actually built for heavy duty use, but they're very comfortable to use and do a good job on average fabric.. They're also fantastic on paper, leaving a clean edge and easy to use.. I like the color, too..."
I read the reviews on these scissors so I figured I'd try them out. They are GREAT! Very happy with my new scotch scissors and I would definitley buy these again!
Wonderful in the hand and smooth on the cut.  Great tool for doing what scissors are supposed to do and to ot do what scissors should never do.
Pretty reliable and good quality.  I use them to cut tape and they rarely jam up on me.  I'm only writing this last sentence because Amazon said I was under the limit.
These are high quality scissors.  They are very sharp and comfortable to us.  The packaging is very good as well.
I really like these scissors. I bought the 3 pack so that I can have a pair in several rooms. That way I don't have to go looking for a pair wherever I need them.
I ordered 15 pairs(5/3pks) of these scissors for my Girl Scout Troop.  We used them for a fleece blanket project.  These scissors are super sharp and worked great.  The girls had no problem cutting with them. I thought they were easy to use and cut very well. Would highly recommend!
"At first I was not that impressed by them and considered returning them.  I have always purchased Fiskars in the past.  The longer I use them and compare the 2 brands the Scotch pair is definitely a stronger pair of scissors with much more cutting force then the Fiskars.  I have started grabbing the Scotch Brand first instead of vice versa.
I recommend this product for it's value and strength."
For the price these scissors are great great value so much better than more expensive scissors I have had in the past
"Oh, the joy of extremely sharp scissors after using dull scissors for years!  These are good-looking, have a nice weight to them, and are sharp enough to snip through the skin on your fingers if you are not paying attention.  Learn from me: pay attention when using these excellent scissors!

I bought a set of three, ended up giving all but one away to jealous family members, so bought another pack of three."
"They are just ordinary scissors. Nothing too special. They are sharper, which is nice. I was hoping they would be good sewing scissors. They are just ok, in my opinion."
There is a scissors black hole in my house that I used to think was created by the children but now that they're out it's still here. Once in a while it hiccups and I have scissors galore but I couldn't resist these at $6.97.  Even now the blue pair is missing.  But I digress.  These scissors are much sharper than bargain scissors from the big box stores and seem very sturdy.  I think I can cut wire ties and open those awful clam shell packages without breaking them.  I would have recently bought another set but the regular price is more than double so I'm hoping the blue pair surfaces.  The kids were home for Christmas.... things tend to be claimed even if they're not on offer.  Very pleased.
"I purchased these on one of the daily box deals so got a super good price - they are replacing my cheaper get 100 for a dollar type scissors and these are definuitely an improvement!!!  they cut great, feel great - real happy I upgraded :)"
"I got these on a lightning deal for a very good price. Never seemed to be able to find a pair of scissors when I needed them. These work well, and seem to be good quality. Overall I am happy with my purchase."
I bought this product a week ago.  I am surprised that the scissor is very sharp!  I like it a lot!
The scissors are sharp and cut cleanly. I use them for cutting fabric and they cut easily through multiple layers of heavier fabrics.
"excellent  product--great quality--fair price!!--much better value than expected--would recommend to anyone!-the three pack is a great idea, allows placement where needed throughout my home."
"Excellent scissors. Nice straight cuts, sharp, and with comfortable grip.

Nice to have a few extra pair around.

Would purchase again."
"I am very impressed with these scissors. They are sharp and have a great grip on them. Cuts like butter. I almost dropped one, but because of the grip, was able to recover. Good buy and fast delivery.."
"The scissor monster - who apparently hoards or eats the scissors we have - will be thrilled to know I got these.  Sharp, lightweight, easy to cut - a new crop to disappear.  :)  I bought these specifically for cutting giftwrap at Christmas - wanted fresh, new scissors to alleviate as much frustration as possible.  Will be very handy for the other stuff that goes on throughout the year.  Would recommend."
"For $10 bucks, these things cut. Not sure how they will hold up for the long run, but for now, I highly recommend them!"
"These scissors were well worth the lightning deal price!  They are very sharp and still had some of the oil or grease on them from where they are ""hot off the scissor press.""  They are actually so sharp that when I was cutting backing off of an item that I had just finished embroidering, I actually cut the fabric too.  Sure, I was mad at first, but hey, I sure did get the AWESOME scissors I paid for!!! Very well made. I will buy more for the office and anywhere else that I always need scissors."
"I sew, craft, garden, and do other things around the house.  These scissors are sharp with a nice smooth cut.  I purchased them on a ""Lightening Deal"" and the price was too great to pass up.  For anyone who uses scissors for numerous things, these are great."
I never thought that there was such a difference in scissors until I started using these scissors. The blades are super sharp and cut very cleanly. Way better than the $1 scissors I purchased at a major drugstore.
These are very high quality scissors. They allow for a very precise cut. So far I used them only for cutting paper and plastic wraps but I really like them.
For the last two years I have purchased these via lightning deals on Amazon. Moving forward these will be the Scissors of choice for our home. The blades are sharp and cut right through everything that you would normally use Scissors for. My wife sews and loves how sharp they are.
Frustration free packaging was great. Arrived quickly. Very sharp for scissors. Haven't owned them or abused them long enough to tell how long that sharpness will last.
"Great price for three pair of scissors, unfortunately after shipping didn't save much, still cheaper than what I could buy in the store."
"I purchased these for 9.00 shipped! Great deal, nice cutting.

I did notice that when using wrapping paper that I can't just slide the scissors like some other really sharp scissors. I have to use the cutting motion. I like a scissor so sharp that I can slide them from ay angle. These do slide cut, but the angle must be perfect to do it. So one star off for that. Otherwise really sharp an nice!"
Bought these on a lighting deal because we needed a new pair of scissors. It seems all of our scissors end up being dog grooming scissors. We used these to cut some paper and then some fabric. WOW. They are extremely sharp and easy to use. Highly recommend them.
"These scissors are a nice heavy weight and so crazy sharp!  The first time using them, I moderately tapped my finger - no sliding action - and immediately began to bleed.  These will probably be the last pair of scissors I'll need to buy...  provided no one steals them from me!"
"Excellent, sharp scissors.  As a teacher, I want a pair that will do the job easily/cleanly and these do.  The handle is also comfortable."
"I feel like I always need more scissors around the house and so these were a great buy.  They are very, very sharp and open and close incredibly smoothly.  I planned to have these as extras, but will just be replacing old cheap-o pairs instead."
Awesome quality. The non-stick type coating makes them easy to wipe clean. I use a pair in my kitchen for cutting bags of frozen vegetables and fruit. They are sharp and zip across very well. I use a pair in my office and they cut paper easily and with a clean edge. These are a great value for the quality you are getting.
These truly are the best scissors I have ever used.  They are sharp and cut great.  These make regular scissors feel like child scissors.
"I started off buying one set of these and splitting them up for each of the 3 main areas I keep scissors. I've now gone ahead and bought two more sets so that I can keep them handy. I did mess up one pair by cutting something that I should have known to use pliers on, but that was an user error."
"I really like these, I got them on a lightning deal and will be buying them anytime I need more scissors!

These are a really nice set of heavy duty scissors, they cut great and fit nice in my hand, no pinching!"
I really like these scissors.  Very smooth cutting.  I have two pairs and they are both excellent quality.  Nice for cutting gift wrap. Also can handle heavier paper weights as well
"I have three girls under the age of 12. We go through scissors like paper towels here. These are excellent, well-constructed scissors. If only they didn't ""vanish""."
"The immortal words of my mom run through my head every time I reach for the Good Scissors.  These are the scissors that as a mom you want to keep for yourself and keep the kids from pilfering for their own projects. Because the kids will keep them! Kids, hands off the Good Scissors! They're Mom's!"
This is great 3 pack of scissors.  I put them in my sewing box.  They are very sharp and do a great job.
"These scissors work beautifully. Super sharp, cut everything I need them to. Can't imagine I'll have to be replacing these anytime soon. Love 'em!"
"what's there to say about scissors ?

they are sharp and they are cheap...do they last ?...who knows ?...but at the deal i got them i don't really care if they do or not..."
These cut just they way I want them to - Really glad I bought them.  I now have scissors in every room - what a nice thing to have.
What else can you say except these are sharp and fit nicely in the hand...like a good pair of scissors should!
I love how easily these scissors cut just about anything! They are easy to use on the hands as well which is super helpful for anyone with pain in their hands or wrists.
"I love these scissors! I go through scissors at my business like crazy, and these are some of the best quality and sharpest (for more than a day or two) scissors I have had for less than $30! These were only $10"
"These are probably rebranded - I doubt they were made in Minnesota, but they're sharp, comfortable, inexpensive and they work great."
These scissors have titanium cutting blades and do a fine job of zipping through a variety of materials.  I only wanted one but am glad now to have all three.  A quality product but I am not sure where it was made since that matters to some of us.  I highly recommend this product.
"Fairly nice scissors! The colors could be a bit more masculine if you ask me, but they are very nicely made."
"These scissors are not as sharp as I thought they would be. I didn't think they cut cleanly or easily thru thick paper. One pair even ""hyperextended"" with little force applied. Glad I got them thru a lightening deal and they didn't cost much."
"Great working shears at a great price. Arrived quickly and well packaged. We always need more scissors in the house
and these just for the bill."
I got these for my mother for Christmas because hers always get taken by other people for different things and they end up misplaced. Very good deal on high quality scissors!
I'm not sure why these scissors cut so well.  But cut they do.  A joy to use after suffering with junky shears.
"it seems like most pairs of scissors i use are ""ergonomically designed"" to sit comfortably in your hand while you're cutting away. this is a good thing...if you're right-handed. we lefties pick up those scissors and, within about 30 minutes of use, have a few raw and blistered areas around our thumbs or pinkies. the alternative is a simple, universal-style scissors that will work in either hand. while this is an improvement for southpaws, we still have another issue to deal with. scissors that are cheap or even just a bit flimsy have the tendency to not cut when used with the left hand. the lateral force created by lefties when closing the scissors forces the two cutting edges away from each other, and you end up with the paper folding between the two blades, rather than being cut cleanly. this is usually not an issue with more expensive scissors. enter these scotch ultra edge scissors!

these scissors are, quite simply, the best general-use scissors i've ever used. they are very sturdy, very sharp, and very smooth to operate. best part about them--they work great for lefties! their padded finger loops make them very comfortable in either hand. for the left-handed population, these scissors are everything we've hoped for since kindergarten!

we picked up this 3-pack because it seems as though you can never find the pair of scissors you're looking for when you need them. the price is comparable to buying three higher-quality sets separately. i didn't think i would ever spend $15 on scissors, but i'm very happy i did!"
"These scissors are of good quality and cut extremely well. I have used them on paper, cardboard and plastic with no problems."
I love these scissor and really loved the price.  I find them sharp and can pretty much cut though anything I need them to.
I needed to replace the scissors I use in the kitchen and these were a perfect replacement. Very sharp  - I have used for 1 pair for over 6 months and I have not had to sharpen yet.
"Scissors really cannot be rated until they have been in use for a period of time and since I do not use them every day, it is hard to rate them.  However, that being said, so far they are working great but only time will tell whether they hold their sharpness."
Love it. After I received the first one I bought 2 more. Glad I no longer have to search for quality scissors.
"I bought two pair and one of the two pair has fallen apart already. I use them to cut a lot of tape, far more than I think most people will use them. In less than 3 months the joint in the middle has come apart on one pair. They don't seem significantly better than the regular pair I was using. My old regular pair was almost 5 years old and is still going."
"Great utility scissors.  They were better than I expected, colors are easy to designate areas to keep them or what to use them for."
"Sharp, and comfortable on the hands. That's pretty much all a scissors needs to be and this one fits the requirements well."
THESE PARTICULAR SCISSORS ARE JUST PLAIN JUNK. BARELY USED TO CUT PAPER & TAPE AND NOW THEY HARDLY CUT AT ALL. THANK YOU!
The scissors are the first inexpensive scissors I've bought that I can use to cut some of the matts out of my dog's hair.  Very sharp for the price.
"Love these scissors!  They are so nice! The are comfortable, they are sturdy and I hope they last a long time."
"These are good scissors. But they are nothing special like so many of the reviews are stating. I'm not dissatisfied, I just expected to be wowed by these babies after all the raving reviews. Now if they happen to last 5 years or something I'll be changing my review to a higher rating. If I was the first to review these I'd probably give them 4 stars, but they aren't something amazing like so many are saying. I hope that makes sense. I don't regret buying them.

Maybe it's because I'm used to using these at work:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clauss-Titanium-Bonded-Bent-Snips/dp/B000XB4U0C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clauss Titanium Bonded Bent Snips</a>

Those will cut through a leather belt, motorcycle leathers, a chicken leg... anything. If I had realized that Clauss made regular shears for use around the house I would have bought one or two pairs of those instead of this three pack... maybe it's not too late to return these."
"Notice how they disappear or are not around when you need them?

Buy three pair and you'll have one close at hand more often.

These are a little small but work very well."
"Hard to go wrong with scissors.  I bought these using in my shed with pool supplies and things.  Been great.  Stay nice and clean in the shed.  Very nice quality and weight, especially for the price."
"These scissors are really sharp and work great.  They are also color coded so that it's easy to keep one for the desk, one for the kitchen and den and always know where each belongs.  These are not like those ""cheap"" little scissors which eventually can't cut paper because the blades come apart."
"This is the second pair of these scissors that I've bought. This one is for my wife who kept on stealing mine from my office. They aren't like typical scissors that loose their sharpness quickly, I've had mine for over a year and with light office use they still feel as sharp as the day I bought them."
I got these as a lightening deal. I'm glad I decided to try them because they are really nice. I like that they come in a set of three because I am able to leave a pair in different locations in my classroom so they are always available for a quick snip.
"Sharp, light weight, color coded.  Work perfectly for sewing and light crafts.  Will purchase more when needed.  Thank you for a great product."
Love it...spend slightly more compare to some products...color makes them easy to find. Very shop. The BEST you can find esp. considering the price for every day scissor use. I saw other products that sold lower price scissors for a pack of 5+. This is the perfect combo of quantity and quality!!!!!
"The blades meet tightly, but move smoothly.  They are sharp.  Handle is comfortable.  They do not do the rumba or wash your car.  They are scissors after all.  Recommend them."
"These are solid scissors... put one in the kitchen, one in the sewing room, and another in the basement.  Love them!"
Sharp as a razor and cut everything. If you've ever cut Coban and had trouble then you'll know what i mean when I say it goes through Coban like its note paper. Probably buy some more to put in more places around the house!
"I bought them, use them on a daily basis, but never really give them much thought. But I just realized that since I bought them many months ago, I have not yet once had to wash them. My previous pair of scissors required washing at least once a month, due to sticky residue left after cutting open packages (from the tape). The sticky residue just doesn't stick to these.

It's just so nice to never experience the annoyance of trying to cut with a sticky pair of scissors. Additionally, this pair of scissors looks nice -- different from the usual ones that everybody else has. It's always great when a product performs as promised, and this is one of those times."
"I found these to be great every day scissors in both the kitchen and around the house.  I'm glad I bought the multi-pack because it was like getting one free when compared to the individual pricing,  I would not use them for cutting fabrics/ sewing, but I no longer feel badly about telling my family that the sewing shears are absolutely OFF LIMITS!"
Best I've ever found. I've told everyone I work with. Great for all projects. They don't get dull like other scissors.
"I love Fiskars scissors. I bought these because I needed a new pair. Love them, love them, love them, love them."
Titanium scissors that would probably last a whole life time if regular use. Cutting stuff is really nice and clean.
These are the best pairs of scissors that we ever own. Super sharp. It's a good deal for 3 pairs. Now we don't have to keep looking for one in the house.
"Seriously, I don't have a ton of experience with scissors, but these are amazing.

Pro:
Clean cut
Smooth cut
Good weight.  Feel the quality.

Con:
None.

Best scissors I've ever owned."
"These are razor sharp, and seem to be built to last. These were a lightning deal and let me tell you they were worth the buy."
Little disappointed that they were not as sharp as I thought they would be.  Not at all good for fabric.
"Strong, durable, sharp.

I got so excited when I bought this three-pack from Costco (for only $9.99, mind you) that I tore the packaging open right when I got home and started cutting scrap pieces of paper and cardboard that happened to be lying around. Great for school and crafts, even when I needed to cut through thick fabrics."
"These are the best scissors I have ever owned. They are sharp and cut easily.

Disclaimer: I do not do crafts. I cut regular paper. When I need to open a box or plastic package, I use a utility knife, the proper tool for the job. I use this to cut paper, and to that end, these scissors perform flawlessly."
I get the feeling that buying this 3-pak of scissors will be the last scissor purchase I make.  They seem that good.  Totally functional.
I am pleased with these scissors as they are clearly much better then the average scissors. The soft grips are also nice
"Bought this for my wife's crafting and couldn't be happier. Very sharp, light-weight, sturdy build, looks nice. Can't ask for more."
"Never need sharpening, at this price when they don't work to suit you, toss em.

Comfortable grip, clean cutting, easy to find on a cluttered desk thanks to the odd colored handles."
These scissors look like they are high quality and I noticed upon closer examination that they are extremely sharp. I am a happy customer and glad I found these.
I was looking for a scissor that could cut thru fabric and rubber with precision and straight thru. Your average scissor just isn't sharp enough but these babies should be sold next to the GINZOO infomercial! The best scissor with the sharpest precission I've had in my hands yet. great deal for the three. I highly recoomend.
Amazing scissors. I would recommend it to everyone. They cut a fabrics and paper very well. I am very happy with this purchase.
"This was a very good pair of scissors, very sharp, like they could cut through anything and pretty good quality."
"In some ways, these are very nice scissors.  Titanium blades.  The part of the handles touched by fingers are coated with a plastic that provides a nice grip.

But I didn't find the handles very comfortable.  They have a small hole for the thumb, and that's OK--but the larger hole for the fingers is too narrow and not very comfortable.  A modest redesign of that part of the handle would make this an excellent scissors."
You can feel the quality on these when you hold and use them.  The rubber inserts feel good on the fingers.
"Super Awesome 3 pack.

$14?  How about $9.99 Every day at Costco.  this is the every day price, not a sale price, so get a costco membership and buy it there."
"Some gremlin must have dulled all our scissors...and then bent them.  I was at the point I couldn't cut string.  What a relief to get decent, sharp scissors placed around the house.  Genius packing too...as if someone at Apple had designed the box!"
nice scissors.  Really sharp and comfortable to use.  always have a pair by my side.  And they are great to look at
Great price for 3 scissors.  Colors are really neat. They have a comfortable grip and lightweight. Not too light in  which you have no control in making precise cuts. Pretty sharp and cuts through paper real smoothly. Don't expect these to be heavy duty cutters or they will break; shears are for heavy duty cutting. I have been looking for a good pair of scissors at a good price and now i have three. I would recommend these to everyone for everyday or office use.
I needed more scissors that had an edge that would cut.  These are nice and sharp for the needs I will be using them on.
"I bought these scissors on a whim when they were a Gold Box Special.  So glad I did.  They were a great deal for the quality.  I'm a crafter, so in my humble abode, there can never be too many scissors - Especially since I would never dare cut paper with my good quilting scissors (as any hardcore quilter would know.)

So I bought these thinking I could use them for around the house stuff - stick them in junk drawers so I could always find them when I need a pair.  But they're better than I expected.  They came beautifully packaged and very sharp!  I have found that they make cutting detailed patterns and ornaments so easy.  They create clean points and are easy to maneuver.

I also have to mention (good or bad) that these scissors fit my hand spectacularly!  Now, I have fairly small hands and often struggle to find comfortable scissors. Most of my good sewing scissors are Fiskars and they are much too big for my hand, where these fit great and the rubber grips help me to help them.

Overall these scissors were way above my expectations - they blew me away.  And even though I may have initially thought that it wasn't necessary to have 3 pairs - I now feel like I could use three more!"
"Great scissors.  They all work great, look great, decent price.  If i ever need more i will buy more of these."
Decent and reasonably priced pair of scissors. I got them to throw in my knitting bag. So far so good.
"I bought this as a ""todays deal"" - they are sharp, and seem to be of good quality.  I also like the colors."
I use these in my business and they are used for manufacturing purposes. These are by far the best scissors for our purposes given quality and cost. They are high-quality and will last the average person a long time. I will be purchasing these again.
I purchased these for my small home based business as we use a lot of scissors. Normally we purchase the non-stick Ultra Edge scissors... but I wanted to give these a try as they were less expensive. They did not last as long and they were not as sharp as the non-stick version. I will not be purchasing these again.
"i wouldn't buy these again.  They aren't bad enough to return, but I certainly wouldn't buy them again.  Not sharp enough."
Great scissors - and the 3 pack is a great price.  Our kids keep needing the scissors for various projects and I finally capitulated and bought the a 3 pack so that everyone could have a pair.  They work great on paper as well as tougher items.
"These feel a little flmsy at first, however once you see those black blades in action. these scissors seem perfect for any occasion."
I use these scissors for doing applique with my quilting - and they work so good!  They're sharp and have a crisp cut which is exactly what I needed!  Thank you!
"THESE ARE VERY GOOD AND VERY COMFORTABLE WHEN CUTTING, GOT THE THREE PACK AS BETWEEN WIFE AND I WE ARE ALWAYS MISPLACING THEM, SOME GO TO THE SHED OR OTHER PLACES, BUT A GREAT CUT,"
"I've been using the Scotch Precision Ultra Edge (bought from a box store) Non-Stick Scissors for about 6 months now and this is what I've found. The scissors work great with paper and the blades are sharper than many of the other scissors I have in my home. Even after six months, the blades are still quite sharp, though perhaps not as much as they were in the initial months I used them.

The non-stick feature was great for the first couple of weeks. My daughter and I do a lot of craft activities involving glue, duct tape, sticky tape, etc. I would just wipe the glue off if any got on the blades (when cutting glued paper for example) and the blades would be fine. Similarly for sticky tape. However, duct tape is another matter altogether. These blades just don't hold up to long-term cutting of duct tape and do get sticky after a while and it's as much a pain to remove the sticky build-up as it is on other scissors. The search for a truly non-stick pair of scissors continues!"
These scissors have a comfortable grip and they are a dream to cut with!  I bought extras for my house and then gave them as gifts to my sisters.  It's so nice to have a pair of scissors that will actually cut things like the hard plastic around items you buy at the store and can never get open.  :-)  Can't recommend them highly enough!
"I'm always looking for scissors around the house and when I find them they are too dull to cut fabric.  I used a pair of these scissors to cut denim and put the other 2 pair away, for backup.  My old dull scissors are being used for paper. The price is like a 3 for 1 sale.  I am very pleased"
"These are great, I hate trying to find scissors, so a multi pack works the best, one for every room.  Don't run with them they are sharp.  Quality seems above average."
"The first thing I tried to cut with them was tough and they didn't break like the 20 dollar pair I got at Jo Ann's fabric.
I won't use them for tough stuff anymore because they're awesome"
"About 2 years ago I visited a local office supply store and was shocked at how expensive the house brand scissors were, but I needed a pair and paid about $15. After a short time, these house brand scissors wore out and I was in the market for something that would last a little longer.

I was dead-set on a pair of Fiskers after watching How It's Made, but upon browsing through the products on Amazon, I decided these Scotch scissors would be just as good (or possibly even better) based on the reviews.

These are very good scissors for typical day-to-day tasks. I keep one at home, one at the office and one is reserved for cutting window tint. For the price, you can't beat it."
"I purchased these today and immediately tried them out on various sticky and non-sticky surfaces. They out-performed my old scissors ten-fold. I usually do not write reviews for products, but I want people to know how good these are."
"Okay, I know they're $5 scissors, so I wasn't expecting Kinesio scissors or anything. But severely disappointed. What the hell are these supposed to cut besides paper? I've cut about five sheets of Avery labels and taped two knees and already there is gunk all over the scissors and the tips are blunt and useless. They just mash instead of cutting. Did I get bum pair or has everyone else just never used a nice pair of scissors before?"
"What can you say about scissors? They're well made, cut great, and the openings for your fingers are roomy and comfortable."
These scissors are wonderful. They are sharp and work well. They will last forever! You will not regret buying them.
"These are good scissors.  Durable, well-made and come in cute colors. Very sharp, so keep out of the way of small children."
Love these scissors.  Have to be careful.  They are sharp and heavy duty.  Would recommend and buy for friends or family.
"These are very functional scissors, for handy and regular usage I highly recommend them. They also seem pretty sturdy and likely to hold up to wear and tear."
"If your house suffers from scissor loss like mine does, give these a try. They're sharp, they're inexpensive, and there are THREE pairs of them. Luxury!"
"Works as advertised. We use it to cut adhesive backed packer, and it does't stick. Only wish it a little sharper, but it's definitely a sharp enough for most papers, but the paper we use is pretty thick so it's tougher, but this scissors works very well with it."
Very good quality scissor! Needed a quality pair of scissors and these are it. Had an old set that stopped cutting and wouldn't hold an edge. Don't believe I'll have any durability issues.
These are sharp. The coating that keeps them from getting sticky is the best part. These are great because they define tool; they do the work for you.
My daughter does duct tape projects.  These scissors get sticky with the crafting duct tape.  They are very sharp scissors.
"great scissors, great price, very nice and sharp and they can cut lots of things, plus really, one of them is purple!"
I like the color. They work extremely well. I use them while I'm out wild edible foraging. Recommended to all.
"I bought these in conjunction with the all metal scissors from Fiskars. These are great.  I didn't originally realize they were the titanium blades.  I really enjoy these and they cut and feel great.

I would definitely recommend these if you are always looking for multi-use scissors, but never can seem to locate them."
These scissors came very securely packed and are extremely nice quality!  They are perfect for use at work and home!
"Tape gunk can get stuck to the blade, but tape itself very rarely gets stuck on the edge of the scissor blade with these which is to me the main draw for these types of scissors. Sometimes there is a minimal amount of residue gunk on the blade, be careful cleaning it, never with bare finger, gave myself a nasty slash! Still, enjoy these scissors."
"It seems unreasonably hard to find a really good pair of sissors!  Most are fairly dull and cheaply made.  These are pretty good, but not real comfortable to hold.  Still one of the better ones I've found."
These are the best scissors that I have ever used in my life. They have almost infinite cutting power and the non stick part is an added benefit cuz the sticky things on regular scissors decrease their longevity.
"Strong, long enough for extended straight cuts where you need to move the scissors forward in steps, very comfortable at least for a smaller type of hand, also cut thin plastic well, including very thin foils, good with couple of layers of paper or lightweight cupboard, look attractive (mine has purple dot in the middle, not blue as on the main product picture)."
"These scissors are sharp, comfortable, well designed. Really nice to have around the house. You should get some. Don't skimp, go for it."
"There is nothing 'cheap' about these inexpensive scissors.  Blades have a good close fit and give a clean, sharp cut.  The screw/hinge arrangement appears to be better made than on some similarly priced scissors."
"They look good and cut well, its been.

Its been a few years and they have held up well, only lost 1 pair."
Made of Titanium and that's kind of cool. Supposed to last longer because of that. Cuts through pretty much anything.
"These scissors are very sharp and comfortable to use. My wife and I have used them around the house for different cutting chores and either one of us have not found anything to complain about yet. They arrived undamaged and on time. For a good general purpose scissor, I am not disappointed and would purchase again."
These scissors are the best I have every had.  They cut with no hesitation and leave no tears in the material that is being cut.  These scissors are very smooth cutting instruments.
"The blades being ""titanium"" one would expect it to last.. but what good is lasting when it doesn't cut as well as any other cheap scissors?

Pro:
The rubbery feel inside the handles are great to keep your fingers in and preventing accidental slip outs.
Cuts paper/catelogues/gift wraps with ease.  Smooth and clean.
Comes as pictured, with the 3 different colors on the inside of the handles so you can use each color for a specific purpose and identify it easily.  (i'm use purple for office use, green for craft-papers only, and blue is my kitchen use- go to scissor for every needs.

Con:
Weak tip... it couldn't cut a small cable tie with the tip... something all my other (as cheap) scissors are capable of doing.  I was hoping these would at least be able to but.. sadly no.
I had a hard time trying to cut anything other than paper... kind of disaapointed since I wanted these to be my ""go-to"" fr everyday use scissors to cut papers to plastic ties, to whatever random thing I need to cut.

Overall... you can't beat the price for 3 scissors under 20 especially with titanium blades that are more resiliant than stainless steel... it is just too bad that there is no strength at the tip to be used for cutting ties and the likes that you can only use the tip for."
"You simply can't get better scissors for the price.  They are a good middle size, cut cleanly, and even look good.  Great for gifts."
I had just lost or misplaced my last pair of scissors that I keep on hand to use for everyday tasks.  So I bought this pack to replace that pair.
"If you are old enough you remember that Scotch made somewhat cheap tape and Fiskers made amazing scissors. Sadly Fiskers has done away with quality when it comes what I call a well made general purpose scissor. Scotch though has stepped up. These are well built, incredibly strong, and cheap. The handle is soft with a slightly rubbery feel.  The large handle is designed for 3 finger cutting but you can cram 4 fingers of a normal sized hand in there comfortably (albeit a little awkwardly)."
"They were larger than they looked on line.  However, that's what I really wanted.  Shipped quickly and was well packed."
"Awesome blades that cut everything, every time -- even pesky plastic bags and odd materials that other scissors (garbage like Fiskars) just mash.

(The only scissors that match these for value and performance are the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/BergHOFF-3-Piece-Scissors-Set/dp/B000W9HQGA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">BergHOFF 3-Piece Scissors Set</a>, also at Amazon.  Check 'em out!)

Dump your crummy scissors, get these, and stop being annoyed when you just want it cut!

I am pleased that an American company is once again paying attention to quality -- I'd definitely pay more for these. Because they do the job, and there are plenty that don't!"
These scissors have an unbelievably sharp edge. Cuts through plastic like it's butter. It can also cut the bottoms off flowers incredibly easily. I've never had scissors this good. Certainly worth the extra few dollars over a standard pair.
"I've had a difficult time with different types of crafting mediums - fabric, ribbon, cardboard.  I think these work great on thin materials like paper and are also great in the kitchen but don't find them very versatile.  I's frustrating using these to try to open big box (ie Costco) packaging."
These scissors cut the paper well without ripping it.  The soft handles are incredible with a wonderful feel.  I could use these scissors 24 hrs. a day if need be.
"It's so frustrating to be a part of the house that has no scissors, hence the reason I bought these and I've very please with the quality and the price was better than any discount store. Shipping was fast. I love Amazon!"
"For a long time I bought the cheapo scissors, used them till they got dull, which was pretty fast.....then threw them away.........I decided to invest in a more costly but still not expensive pair of these non stick scissors..............THEY ARE GREAT......No more cheapo's for me......they remain razor sharp and really do not stick to difficult items like duck tape, foam picture hanging tape and so forth, comfortable grips with the right size finger holes.........and......for the particular, they look like quality as well............"
"I purchased these scissors for my mother as a Christmas gift last year.  At the time, it was almost a gag-gift, since all throughout our childhood, my mom had constantly gotten on my sister and I for using her ""good"" scissors.  So I figured I'd make it up to her and purchase her a 3-pack of scissors.  Well, come Christmas Day, and she did get a kick out of her new scissors.

Fast forward a year - with Christmas 2012 approaching, she asked me to get her something ""off the wall"" as good as the scissors I got her last year.  She told me those were the best thing she got, and that they work great.  She's a school-teacher, and constantly cutting this and that for various projects.  Anyway, she thought so highly of these scissors that she actually purchased some as gifts for other teachers at her school.

So while I really have no first-hand experience with these scissors, I think the amount of ongoing conversation they've caused actually speaks volumes to the performance and durability of the Scotch 8-Inch Precision Ultra Cut Scissors.  And to anyone out there that may be looking for a gift for a teacher, crafter, or just about anyone else--these scissors may actually be a thoughtful, unique, and appreciated idea."
"I have the same problem with scissors that I do with socks. They just seem to disappear. So, finding a good quality scissor in bulk is a major find for me. I like to keep them at points of use so I have scissors in every room. I replenished my supply and they work great! They are really a good value and the different colors help remind me where they should be put away.

Now if only someone would make a scissor alarm so I would know when my husband was stealing them. :)"
Placed on my desk. It is used to cut paper. Has stayed sharp and just works. Priced right and works as described.
"These are the best scissors I have ever had. You can't know how great they are unless you try them. They have cut everything so far from fabric that was folded over four times, thick plastic wrapping, wire and heavy cardboard. The whole blade cuts, right to the very tip. I never realized how bad my other scissors were until I used these. I also love how big they are where I put my fingers. I have arthritis and my fingers are swollen. They fit in these scissors with no problem.
After I tried them I ordered another box for myself and sent one to my daughter. She loves them too. And at this price I can afford to have them in every room in my house. I never want to use other scissors again."
"EXCELLENT SCISSORS. WELL MADE, STURDY, SMOOTH AND SHARP. PRECISION ULTRA EDGE SCISSORS IS A GOOD DESCRIPTION FOR THIS PRODUCT. VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE."
Either my scissors I've owned for 10 years plus are old or these work extremely well!  I was excited to wrap Chirstmas presents with these scissors.  The are definitely precise!  I didn't have to deal with raggedy edges or torn paper when I was wrapping.  I would definitely buy these in another lightning deal but then again they are worth it at any price.
"I don't usually get excited about scissors,but these scissors are awesome. I bought a 3 pack a year ago and use them for a variety of things, cutting fabric, cutting paper and even apair for trimming meats. After a year of near daily use and frequent trips in the dishwasher these scissors are holding up great. Still sharp like they were new and no signs of loosening up or falling apart. On top of the durability these scissors are also comfortable for both myself being right handed and my wife being left handed. For the price, $15, these are a great buy, I have recommended them to family members and bought another set of 3 again this year as they sometimes get misplaced as the kids also like them for their projects."
"My daughter loves to make things out of duct tape, but she had no way of cutting the duct tape. She used the scissors we had around the house, but all of them eventually got sticky and didn't work. When we got these scissors they worked much better than any of the other ones she had used. She's now had them for over 3 months and they still work great, but she occasionally has to wipe them with a wipe. These scissors are great for all kinds of tapes, and fabrics. And are probably one of the best scissors you can find."
These are undoubtedly the best scissors I have ever purchased. Very sharp and do a great job. You will not be disappointed if you purchase these.
"My family own a print shop so we need many pairs of scissors for many different things. These scissors are by far the best we have ever purchased. They are very comfortable, very sharp and definitely non-stick! A must buy for any office, crafter or business."
"Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Scissors

These are advertised to have special ""titanium-fused"" blades. I'm not sure what this exactly means, but most likely titanium coated steel which is claimed to stay sharp for beyond 100,000 cuts.

The grip is fairly comfortable due to the soft  green silicone rubber fused to the plastic handles. However, I feel it would be a bit more comfortable if the holes were bigger.

The blades aren't that sharp, they're more like advanced versions of safety scissors. These have trouble cutting through plastic, and are more suited for paper projects. The tip of the scissor blades have difficulty cutting fabrics, and I had to move the cutting edge closer to the hilt of the blades to provide enough cutting power. Looking at the back of the packaging, these scissors are ""good"" for cutting crafts, but not recommended for tape/craft glue due to the lack of a non-stick surface. These are best for paper, photos, and cardstock - but Scotch also claims they are great for fabrics. I have to disagree because they don't cut through thin cotton when I get the fabric close to the pivot point. I have an old pair of Fiskar scissors for cutting fabrics and it will cut through fabric even at the very tip of the scissors.

Overall: 3/5 stars, rather pricey pair of scissors for cutting paper products. Inconsistent blade sharpness, not recommended for fabrics. Does a great job on paper though, but not at this price point."
Very happy with this purchase!  They just arrived today and they are very nice scissors!  Very high quality and the grips are very comfortable!
"It seems like I can never have enough scissors around the house.  I was looking to purchase a few more scissors for my office at home but did not want to spend a lot of money for the higher-end brands.  I also did not want to pay for junk either.  When I received the scissors I was surprised to see how well built and sturdy they were.  I have not had them for very long so I don't know how well they will last over time, but I'm pleased to see they are a great value for the money so far!"
"These are very sharp,and the non-stick coating is perfect when cutting tape, etc. They seem very well made - good strong rivet with no play in it, comfortable handles. Bought a pair for my office and now we have them at home, and have recommended to others as well."
"These are the best scissors I've ever owned.  I am in charge of the Boxtops for Education program at our local elementary school, so I spend hours and hours cutting out boxtops.  These scissors have made my volunteer work so much easier! They are strong and cut well, even through thick materials.  Best of all, they are comfortable for me to use.  I was so tired of using scissors that hurt my hands - with these scissors, the problem is solved!"
This scissor reminds me of the 80s.  The color is just unsightly.  But it does the job so no problems.
"I used this pair of scissors to cut something 2 weeks ago.  The blade of the scissors is ok; not particularly sharp.  I was using my left hand holding a cotton string and was trying to cut it off from a bag.  Accidentally, my index finger of my left hand glided over the  spine of the scissors,  it cut my index finger instantly.  My finger was not on the blade!!!!!  It cut approx 2mm into my index finger and caused bleeding.  I am going to write to Scotch and tell them about it.  They need to do a better job on the polishing the spine."
amazing value for 3 high-quality scissors.  they are very sharp so definitely keep them away from the little ones.  a great value for a higher quality product
"I thought scissors were scissors, but these are TITANIUM scissors.  I've only owned them a few days now but they cut great on everything I've tried so far: paper, tape, and plastic.  They're nice smooth cuts, no issues with them being loose or crooked and not cutting through the entire blade.  I have one pair in the kitchen for opening various food packaging and one set in the office for the normal day to day cutting needs.  I have a spare put up for just in case.  Very pleased with the purchase so far."
"These scissors are great for just about any purpose, but we bought them for kitchen use specifically because they were non-stick.  We've put them to the test by using them to open food packages, cut packaging tape, and whatever other use we can find for them.  The non-stick surface has worked great in not gumming up the blades.  The handle is very soft and the contour makes them very comfortable to use, which is a plus when you've already been cooking for a while.  Very pleased with this purchase!"
"Well, they are scissors.  They are cheap, cut well, and seem sturdy so I'll give them 5 stars.  Not much else I could really ask for."
"I used to keep a bottle of acetone (nail-polish remover) on my desk, because the blades of my former scissors (stainless steel) got gummed up after cutting around the edges of every 3 or 4 peel-n-stick shipping lables I printed.  These scissors solve that problem -- they really are non-stick; they are very sharp; the price was right.  I am very happy with this purchase."
"I had been cutting fabric for my dolls that I sew with what I thought were good scissors-boy was I wrong!
I received this early- a day after I ordered them and used them right away. Let me tell you these cut fabric like a knife through soft butter. Its a lovely, reasonable priced item for any crafter."
"Favorite scissors.  I have bought them for my home and for every teacher that my son has had.  I do a lot of volunteering for my son's teachers and I am a scissor snob so they know to keep a pair of these hidden for me.  They are sharp, solid, and comfortable.  I've had other scissors with great blades but the handle portion broke after a while (the plastic got brittle).  Haven't had a problem with these and I've purchased at least 15 pairs of them."
"I'm sick of crappy scissors, so I popped for the box of three of these based on the reviews from others.  They were right.  I love these scissors!  Go ahead.  Get them.  You won't be sorry!"
"Great scissors, works for most projects. I like that the blades are very thin and manageable. Highly recommend and glad that I bought the 3-pack."
"The scissors feel comfortable in your hands and I have big hands. I tried out a pair on some paper and it just glides through paper with ease.
I would tell anyone to get them a pair of these!"
"After ordering a set for myself, I ordered another set as a gift. Recipient of gift was very pleased with quality of product."
"I bought these on a whim. Very happy with the quality. They are very light, but have a solid feel. Cut is smooth. I have spent a lot more for less in the past."
I bought this item on a lightening deal (I think I have a shopping problem). I had a pair of scissors that I've had forever but my fiance consistently leaves them outside and at this point they are filthy and have been used to cut thru who knows what out in our yard. I bought these new scissors and they are awesome. Super sharp and very sturdy. They are comfortable to cut with and they look kinda cool too. Fiance has been warned they are off limits to him and if I ever find them laying out in the middle of the yard like my old scissors he's in trouble. On the plus side it came with three so I'm just hiding two because I know eventually he'll get to off limits one.
"Very nice scissors. I love they are a three pack, so I have one for the kitchen, one for crafts/sewing, and one for anything else. These are probably the best scissors I've owned, however I'm pretty cheap so that's not saying very much. I mainly got these because I needed something to cut through fabric, and these do it."
"My family has been using these for at least a few months and they work great! They feel comfortable in your hands and they cut amazingly. They barely make a sound when they snip. They are long and great for when your in a bit of a hurry. The work is precise and you always find a nice clean cut. The colors are great and they make the scissors look neat and even posh because of the gray. My family has about seven of them, some purple, some green, some blue too. I would not recommend for kids because the edges are super sharp and really hurt if you get cut. All in all, I think these work great and last a long time but are not for children."
"I got this three pack so I could get a set in every room as the kids have made all the other scissors disappear.  Wasn't sure about the quality when I ordered as I have always gotten the orange fiskar ones, but I was not disappointed.  These bad boys are very sharp and precise.  On the blades, it says they are titanium, so they should hold up pretty well."
"I usually love 3M products, but these scissors haven't worked out well. At first they seemed fine, but after using them a while, I noticed a buildup of sticky adhesive on the blades. I think this is from cutting two-sided foam tape. The only thing I could do was clean them as one would any other scissors to remove the gunk. They also became loose in the process, but was able to adjust them. We also have the other model that is not supposed to be nonstick and they are great. Not very happy with these, though."
"I regret having purchased these.  They felt somewhat cheap to me not very sharp. the point is not thin.  They just feel all around bulky to me...I can't quite pinpoint what it is I hate about them.. sorry. They just don't compare to the westcott duo I got at target before.  maybe I'm just a westcott kinda gal...I would say if you bought the westcott titanium before and were happy with them then do NOT get these.  I provided the amazon link below to the scissors I purchased before at target and will be repurchasing in the future.

http://www.amazon.com/Westcott-13824-Titanium-Straight-Scissors-5/dp/B000GP3JAM/ref=sr_1_2?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1341881514&sr=1-2&keywords=westcott+titanium+scissors"
"I ordered this 3 pack of scissors based on the quantity and great reviews I had read.  These are large scissors with rubber gripping that is very comfortable to the hand.  When you are cutting the motion is very smooth like air.  I mainly have been using these scissors as an aid in updating all my photo albums. I have cut regular paper, hard copy photos and magazine clippings. The scissors have never once snagged or given an uneven cut. I am very happy with them and now I have extra pairs all around the house!"
"These are good quality scissors, very sharp, comfortable grips. Have had no issues with this item. I would buy again."
"I received these scissors yesterday and so far they have worked well. They feel smooth and sturdy and I have cut tape with them. It didn't stick, as advertised. I am left-handed and they are still comfortable. All I really want in a pair of scissors!

EDIT: I've been using these for awhile (at least a year) and I can tell you they're still holding up just fine! I use them nearly every day."
"I've been using these scissors a lot for the last 5 months to cut magazine paper for collaging. What began as a very sharp, non-stick, comfortable pair of scissors gradually but surely deteriorated until today they broke. Yup, they broke and are irreparable. First I noticed the blades not being as sharp, then I noticed certain areas of the blades not slicing smoothly against one another. Over time, both these issues made cutting fine/thin, slippery magazine paper increasingly frustrating and coarse. At the same time, the center pivot screw seemed to be loosening, something I've never experienced in anything but well-used plastic children's safety shears in the past, so I tightened the screw and that helped for awhile. But the screw kept on loosening with use. I tightened it again today and without using my full strength, was able to improve the cut a little bit by doing this. Then the scissors broke in my hand as I was using them. They were comfy and initially impressive, as advertised, when they were out of the packaging, but they did not stand up for frequent easy use. Therefore, I cannot recommend them to anyone expecting to get much use out of them."
"This scissor is a great addition to my cabinet. It comes nicely packaged with a red tab holding the scissor in place. You could give it as a simple gift to someone and it looks classy even in the packaging. Taking it out of the box, it is immediately noteworthy. The blade is titanium and a greyish brownish purple color. Hard to identify the exact color as it shimmers in the light, but it is definitely attractive and fancy looking. The 8"" length is great for cutting a variety of materials. My scissors were black with a purple nub in the center which was very conservative, nice looking, and classy.

I compared this with other scissors and it fits nicely in my hand. It holds 3 fingers (middle, ring and pinky) with the index finger sticking out. The thumb has a place to go and the hole is large enough for most thumbs. I would not say this is a scissor for those with extremely large hands, but for the rest of us, it will do just fine. Normally, on other scissors, you have nowhere to put the index finger - in this case, there's a small ""groove"" - not an indentation but rather part of the rubber covers the top of the ring so that you know to put your index finger there, and it's slightly comfortable.

The scissor is held by a screw that appears to be tightly inserted and will not come out. The grips are reinforced rubber and are solid. On one of my other scissors the grip has already broken because it's cheap plasticky material, but this seems solid. The heft is medium. Not heavy at all, but certainly not light by any means, and will feel solid in a woman's hand. A man will find it to be a nice cutting tool as well.

The blade is sharpened and honed to perfection. I tested it with some tape and paper, and it cut smoothly without any issues. I also tested the non-stick - duct tape will adhere slightly, but scotch tape won't stick. You really have to make the effort to get it to stick. I am sure that will reduce over time, but for now, I am quite happy with this purchase."
"these r awsum sissors extra extra sharp came 3 days after ordering, they were so muc quailty as is all sctch products"
"As far as scissors go, these are amazing! They are versatile being able to cut through a variety of mediums including fabric, and I love that they have the non-stick blades that prevent tape and glue from sticking to the blades (really handy for crafts). A great buy!"
"I bought these because I thought that the grips looked comfortable and that the blades were non-stick. The grips are OK. I would prefer a slightly larger space for my hand, which I am able to do with my favorite pair of scissors that I have had for years. The classic Fiskars orange handle scissors just can't be beat!

About the non-stick, they are not, which was a little disappointing. You can buy this exact same three pack at Costco for only $9.99. Sometimes I think that 3M should stick to  what they are good at...Post-it Notes, Tape and innovation. There scissors are just OK. You can tell it's just, "" another item in their massive portfolio"".

These will be fine for everyday cutting needs, but I think I'll stick with my favorite Fiskars pair for the more important cuts in life!"
I love these scissors so much I sent a set to my niece in Florida and she loves them too.
"I bought these to replace a couple aging Fiskars scissors.  Wow, what a difference.  They are much smoother than the old Fiskars and very sharp.  No problems cutting through paper, cardboard or cloth.  A great set of scissors if you're in the market for new ones."
"I agree with the reviews here that these scissors are very good quality, but I don't think they merit five stars. The ergonomics are really quite similar to most scissors I have used past middle school, and the use of titanium as a marketing ploy is way over the top. The scissors are sharp and do the jobs I have asked them to do in the two days I have had them, but they don't really hold a candle to professional grade scissors I have been lucky enough to use at times in the past. If you need three pair of scissors, a price of less than twenty dollars is quite reasonable. I don't regret the purchase and rate this item a solid four stars out of five."
"I purchased these scissors for my mom, because her scissors were all old and dull.  I kept one pair for myself.  So far, after using them for about two months, I have been quite impressed.  They are very comfortable to hold, and they cut smoothly without a problem.  Certainly worth buying.  Don't settle for other cheap scissors."
"These are the best scissors. My family are always taking my scissors, so I order this set for myself. They cut beautifully."
"These are SHARP and you must be careful with them, unlike the el cheapo ones you can buy.  Small children MUST NOT be allowed to use or play with them as these cut through with simple ease everything we have tried them on so far."
These things cut very well!  They are also durable and stay sharp; two things that can not be said about all sets of household scissors.
"I got these for only $4.00 in August '11 when they were offered during one of Amazon's Lightning Deals.  One glance at all the good reviews and I didn't waste any time ordering them.  I even emailed my family immediately so they could take advantage of such a good deal. I mean full-size scissors for only $4.00 -- how could you go wrong?

Upon receiving them, I was not disappointed.  They are every bit as nice as my Fiskars non-stick scissors of the same size, which I paid $13-$14 for.  As a matter of fact, I like the way these Scotch scissors feel in my hand better.  They are very comfortable and lightweight, as well as accurate and sharp.  In trying to figure out what it is I like better about these than the Fiskars, aside from what I've already said, I would add that these seem to be easier to get in close for precision cuts, whereas, my Fiskars 8"" non-stick feel a little bit bulky and not as easy to get in close where the scissors are hinged.  Before reading other reviews just now, I thought perhaps these scissors might be better suited for someone with small hands, like mine, but I see that many reviewers say they find them comfortable for large hands.

I put these new Scotch scissors in the room of our house where scissors are needed most often and moved the Fiskars to a desk drawer on another level of the house.  Every time I use the Fiskars now, I am aware of the difference and how much better I like the Scotch brand scissors.  Even if I had paid Amazon's usual price of $9.49, I would still feel they were a good value and wouldn't hesitate to purchase again."
"I already bought two pairs costing more than what this set costs for the same things.

These are hands down the best you can buy for the price. They cut extremely smoothly and are still just as sharp as the day I got them. Even when cutting through sticky material, these act like it's nothing. Sometimes you might have to wipe off tape but it's easy and comes right off."
"I have two pairs of scissors in my office -- one for cutting paper (Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick) and one for opening boxes. Mainly I bought this one because my other pair's (Corporate Express) blades are covered in adhesive from opening too many boxes and I couldn't really cut anything else anymore. Compared to the Corporate Express one, this pair is heavier in weight and smoother when cutting. When I first received it, the blades were covered in some kind of clear grease to prevent from sticking. It can be wiped off before using, so it doesn't stain whatever you are trying to cut. The blue button in the picture is actually purple on mine. Works great so far. Can cut wrapping paper from beginning to the end in one try."
"I got pack of these with gold box deal for only $9.99 + free shipping. These are great scissors, but the problem is, only green one works properly (easy to handle), blue and violet ones require considerable force to close and open, even without cutting anything, so your hand gets tired very quickly. Sure, it has adjusmtent screw, but if you set it to loose, scissors won't cut anything. So, I put these two on the shelf, and using gree one only. Also, I don't see any super cutting properties - these are just plain scissors, nothing special."
"This is a handy set of scissors, not cheap in construction at all.  I've used them on fabric, wrapping packages and paper and they are sharp and cut right through all. I like that they come in three so I can keep one in different locations and don't have to hunt the lone pair of scissors down anymore."
"I have been a quilter and seamstress for several dozen years and I have used a large number of scissors including some very expensive ones.  I am very impressed with Scotch scissors.  The scissors are very sharp and make a pleasant crunch as the cut. They are comfortable to hold. I like that the handles of the three scissors in this set have different colors, so I can color code their use.  I will use one for fabrics (I do a lot of fiber arts and this is my primary use for the scissors), one for paper projects (paper dulls scissors faster than fabric), and one for cutting shipping tape (the glue from the tape sticks to the blades so eventually they stop cutting well).  The scissor blades are made out of titanium and look black (rather than silver like stainless steel scissors).

I am attaching four images that I will be referencing in this review.
Photo#1: The scissors came carefully packaged and separated from each other in shipping.
Photo#2: The handle of the scissors is made of out soft plastic and is comfortable to use. The scissors are made for a right-handed person.
Photo#3: The openings in the handle of the scissors is over sized.  In the third photo I show Scotch scissors next to similar-sized Fons and Porter scissors and Fiscars scissors.  You can see that the opening of the Scotch scissors is bigger. The material of the handles is softer than the other two. So I found them very comfortable to use for a long time.
Photo#4:  Shows Scotch scissors on the postal scale, they weigh in at 2.9 oz.  They are heavy enough to do heavy duty cutting, yet not too heavy for me to get tired while using them.

Overall, the scissors over-exceeded my expectations given that I payed significantly more for other scissors which don't perform any better than the scissors in this set.  I recommend them!

Ali Julia review"
My Scotch Precison Ultra Edge Non-stick Scissor work good. I've cut a range of things and it works good on everything that I have used. I have large hands and the handles felt comfortable to use.
These are exactly what I needed. They cut well and the grip is comfortable. The size is standard for a large pair of scissors. These cost about 1/3 of the price I would have paid for the equivalent at the drug store. I've been using them very regularly over the last week to open boxes because I just moved and so far they have made it through layers of packing tape and duct tape without any hesitation. I'm thinking about getting a second pair to have around the house.
"Forget the $15 -$25 scissors that I used to buy.  They may be made with fine German steel and have nice sort grips.  After a year or so, they are just old scissors.  I have not had these Scotch scissors for a year, but I have had a pair for 9 months.  They work just as well as this brand new set.  I bought this additional pair so that my kids quit stealing mine and my wife would quit stealing them from the kids. We've all discovered that cutting is actually fun again.  Makes me wish I was still a kid in school.  Where have these scissors been for the past 20 years?  Non stick surfaces have been around since the 60's and 3M made them.  I'm glad that they finally combined their high quality non-stick surface with light weight, sharp edge retaining metal.  It's amazing technology."
I bought 12 of these for my lab. We cut a lot of adhesive seals that stick to the blades and make them unusable for cutting paper or plastic bags very quickly. Not these scissors-plus they cut so well that they do not cause plastic sheets to crack. The cut is nice and smooth. The price is fantastic.
wonderful scissors.  I was so surprised at how sharp the edge was and how great they cut!!  My other scissors never did cut like this even when new.  Cannot go wrong for the price!!
"The Colors are not amazing but they are not that bad..Beside the fact that I could not pick colors.. say red and black, I still bought these scissors because they are very well made and made out of titanium (or so it says..) They have a lifetime Warranty and they have awesome blades that are very sharp. If you want a Great Pair of Scisors than this is your pair, at half price its really a Good Deal!! Would I buy them again? Yeas I would, do I like the color? not really, but they aren't that bad. In low light they look kind of Black and white, I took a Sharpie to the little purpl circle on either side and they look a whole lot better :)"
"I always get annoyed with scissors when I am using them with adhesives for card-making, and these are the perfect solution! They are clean and cut well every time. This is a necessary tool for any serious crafter :)"
"By far, Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non Stick Scissor, 8-Inch is the best scissor I have ever bought or used.  When I purchased it, August 7, 2010, the price was less than $4 so I bought 2.  I have only used 1 so far as I have not needed yet to open the second.

I sew quilts, clothes and home decor at least 5 days a week.  It's a passion of mine.  Even at the retail price of $9.49, it's a steal.

If you are looking for a quality scissor then purchase this scissor before Scotch ups the price because of the quality of their product!!

Jo-Ellen Ross of Yorktown Heights, NY"
"These are great scissors, extremely sharp and adjustable-very comfortable to use. BUT--Scotch has given up calling them ""non stick"". If you look at the packaging on the newer models in local stores you will find that non stick is not mentioned anywhere.

If purchasing these as a great cutting pair of scissors, they will definitely meet that expectation. If you want non stick, pass these by. The adhesive on packing tape does still accumulate and need to be removed using lighter fluid or some other type of ""goo"" remover."
"I bought these when they were featured as a Gold Box offer, and I love them!  I can't stand hunting for scissors, so I have a pair in every room, but some of them have grown ""difficult"" with use.  I love that these are non-stick, so that if I cut through tape, they continue to work well, despite the abuse.  They cut so smoothly that I bought a second pair at the regular price, which is still very inexpensive."
"Who would have ever guessed? Non-stick. Finally no gummy buildup when cutting packing tape, etc. Sharp, stylish, smart. Perfect. Ergonomically perfect."
"These are very nice! They have a cushion grip and can be used with ease and balance. My hand hardly gets sore from them. The scissors cut well on plastic, paper, and cloth and are perfect for either right-handed or left-handed use. I love its non stick feature so it doesn't get all gluey with tape and glue. These are great scissors at a wonderful price"
"I recently purchased two pair of titanium coated scissors from Amazon.  One pair is the Scotch Non-Stick 8-inch scissors listed here; the other is the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Officemate-8-Inch-Titanium-Scissors-with-Soft-Grip-Handle-Gold-Color-Blades-with-Silver-Blue-Handle-94120/dp/B0026ZPX22/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Officemate 8-Inch Titanium Scissors with Soft Grip Handle, Gold Color Blades with Silver/Blue Handle (94120)</a>, which costs several dollars less.  I was curious whether the extra cost translated into any tangible benefits.  The short answer is yes, but I'm not sure how much you'd see in normal use.

Both scissors came extremely sharp.  The Officemate has definitely a lower level of finish, with roughness from machining clearly evident on the inside surfaces of the blades (the ones that face each other).  The quality of finish on these surfaces affects the cutting edge and thus how the blades slide shut against each other.  A smoother surface translates to a smoother cutting edge and closing action.  Even when brand new, the Officemate scissors had a bit of roughness as the blades cut through paper.  The Scotch scissors were absolutely smooth as they closed together.  Both scissors, though, cut through paper cleanly and with minimal force.  The inside surfaces of the Scotch scissors feel like they're coated with a clear non-stick layer...similar to non-stick cookware.  I assume that it's this layer that leads to the non-stick claim.

Both scissors have screws at their pivot point to adjust the tension between the blades.  The Officemate uses a standard phillips head screw; the Scotch uses a more expensive-looking machined slotted screw.  Both work fine to adjust any play between the blades...the difference is appearance, not function.

The blades on both are exactly 8"" long from pivot to tip.  The handle side on the Scotch is about 1/2""+ longer, which provides more room for your fingers.  The tips of the Scotch blades are rounded.  The Officemate's tips are sharp, but thick; they aren't finely pointed like you'd find in precision scissors.

All in all, both scissors work just fine, but I'm giving five stars to the Scotch and only three to the Officemate.  The Scotch scissors are better built and I like that in my tools."
"These Scotch ""Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors"" are great for home and light office use. We do a lot of crafts and paper projects, so having a good set scissors on hand is always a good thing. Here are my observations:

+ Sharp; cuts very cleanly
+ Non-Stick; the blades are easy to wipe off and keep clean
+ Very comfortable; grip is soft, making extended use possible
+ Ambidexterity; works well for both left and right handed users
+ Good Value; these are very reasonably priced for such good quality scissors

I am very pleased with these and will likely pickup another pair in the near future.

Highly Recommended!

CFH"
"I didn't realize how dull my old pair of Fiskars scissors had gotten until I got this pair in the mail - boy is it sharp! They cut paper like butter - wish I would have replaced my old pair earlier. Handle is comfortable, although the white outline (rubber part) does seem to collect and show dirt...but this obviously doesn't affect the cutting. Tape also doesn't seem to stick to the blades as readily. Might have to buy another pair for the office."
they cut well! I use them for cutting labels and the non stick feature works!
Excellent quality!!!!!
great
I bought these because they were supposed to be sharp. They cut but they are no where near as sharp as my generic scissors are
"I rarely write a review but these are the worst scissors EVER! I'm not sure what happened but, not one of these pairs could cut anything. Pretty frustrating."
These barely cut fabric.  I hate them!
Love these scissors.... wish people would stop stealing them.
Best I have ever use and the price is right!!-
"The description says it all -- the blades are surprisingly sharp and against all odds, they *stay* sharp. You don't know how much you hate your cheap grocery-store-bought scissors until you get a pair of these. Finally, something made in China that isn't junk! (Statistically, it was bound to happen sooner or later.)"
"Very pleased. Sharp and I like the colors. I am right handled and they work well, I also use them left handed to cut cloth medical tape when taping my right hand (fingers) and they work very well. I have found scissors in the opossum hand don't always work well. My wife also uses a pair in for crafts/fabric and the third went into the kitchen. Very pleased with colors and quality."
