"I thought this was the cutest and possibly easiest solution to simple sewing at home.  Six hours later and my project is only half done.  I find every fifteen minutes or so a string would catch and break.  Not only that managed to snap the needle as well.  It took me awhile to get the unit working properly before realising that the string had jumped from the tension knob.  All in all, more work than its worth.  Possibly useful to an expert seamster/seamstress but they probably already own a heavier model.  The unit is a bit fragile with plastic parts that can break.  It's cheap though - and if you need a job done at a small price, may be worthwhile, if you know what you're doing."
I bought this for my wife and she is very happy with it!  Glad to get it.
"Nice little machine.  I tried several of them and this one seems the smoothest for it's size.  It took a bit to figure out how to set the thread, but I haven't really sew much before.

Like the portability of it, being able to take it on the road, which I plan to do."
"We received this little sewing machine yesterday, and I'm delighted with it!  I was able to quickly mend a damaged quilt and it sewed through all of the layers without trouble.

The design is just like a large machine, with the same thread path, and with care, it sews a simple straight stitch just fine!  If the thread breaks, check the tension, and make sure the presser foot is down when you are sewing, just like on a large machine. It has features that I didn't expect, such as the ability to take full size spools of thread, as well as bobbins, and it even has a bobbin winder!  It runs on either 4 AA batteries or an included DC adapter.  Since it's made of plastic, and not as sturdy as my full sized machine, I plan to treat it with extra care so it will last.

Excellent for quick mending."
"The foot drop lever broke the first time I used it, plus the thread is really cheap and just frays when you try and thread the needle"
"this thing is junk, used it once, first time, tried to hem my pants, got one side done, then got stuck on a thick part of the folded material, it stalled, and a plastic gear must have broke because the lower bobbin catch does not time with the thread needle as it bottoms out any more.  Not only that, if you run it , it's position changes so I know a gear must be jacked. waited 5yrs before I tried it out, so out of luck for refund."
This was a pretty awful purchase that was sent back rather quickly.  I was disappointed in how awkward it was to use and how it didn't want to sew through anything other than maybe cheese cloth.  Definitely not worth saving a few bucks.  You should most definitely spend the extra money on something that is stronger and more useful.
Works great for simple project or mending.
It's not working
"I hope whoever made this steps on legos every day for the rest of their lives. This piece of absolute crap cannot sew a single thing if someones life depended on it. The bobbins will not stay secure, it can barely fit two layers of thin fabric and it jams about every two inches. I could sew faster by hand. I want to smash this piece of junk with a hammer. Im glad were living in a house and not an apartment anymore so our neighbors don't hear me screaming at a freakin sewing machine. Im ready to explode."
Perfect for learning.
It is used sparingly for quick and light repairs but so far so good. Serves the purpose.
This thing constantly breaks and is too small to get anything done. I'd see your $20 and just buy a real machine.
"My husband bought this a few months ago for my grand daughter who is turning 7. Wanting to familiarize myself with it I got very quickly frustrated and turned off.  I have been sewing on all types of machines for 60 years, from my grandmother old pedal Singer to electronic and industrial machines. I must say that the machine  arrived threaded with a bobbin and the tension was perfect for most use, and the stitches were pretty good.. But what happens when the threads run out? I wanted to be able to thread a spool, etc.
1. The manual is in small tight print, VERY wordy with only 2 pictures(the machine parts, and the top threading) The pictures of my copy were hard to see as they were very pale. Certainly not kid friendly at all for child. or someone with old eyes!  It was a lot easier to go to you tube and search for how to operate a portable mini sewing machine.
2. The construction is awful: it clanks so loud and harsh I thought I broke a needle or something, the sliding door to the bobbin is next to impossible to slide in, the handwheel was hard to turn and too hard for a child to free at times as it sometimes jammed. I oiled the machine and it did help but it is still very noisy and rough.
3. Understanding how to thread was easy once you watched the video, but the threading was hard as the access to guides is very awkward and you have to thread them as a needle instead of sliding in. I finally discovered a nice trick: use a dental  flossing ""needle"""" and use it as a needle to pass through all guides. It even went through the needle without problem. Easier than the standard needle threader provided.
Note that passing between the tension disks, I did not feel nor hear clicks, but it worked. I used a permanent marker to indicate the correct tension .
All in all I do not think the machine was worth the $30 he paid for it, but I could see spending the $17 price tag of today if I could not afford a regular machine for quick hemming and repairs.
I still plan to give the machine to my grand daughter more as an introduction toy and have already purchased a much better machine for serious learning (the janome Hello Kitty), that I will at first keep at my house until she knows how to use it correctly.
I do not consider this to be a good choice for a child who wants to learn how to sew."
"Got this to sew ranks and devices on my uniform, but this machine could not perform, even through the thinnest fabrics I've had."
My daughter loves it..
I just played with it for a while. Is more like a toy.
Doesn't work.
This product is dirty and has many chips on it ..the words on it are basically whiped off ! HORRIBLE IF SOMEONE WOULD CALL ME PLEASE 8572417593
The adapter I got with this is a round pin one (like the ones used in UK and India). Not the normal US one. Now I have to use it only with batteries. I don't like to use batteries. That is why I bought this product.
Works great! My daughter loves it
The machine is fine but the charger does not work is different I need return
broke in 2 weeks
"The only reason I docked a star is because it came with a european plug. Seriously, what more could you ask for for $17. It stitches 2 pieces of fabric together and they don't pull apart lol. I needed something to hem a set of curtains and this did tbe trick wonderfully! As others have stated, watch a video to make sure it is threaded correctly and you'll be off to the races."
Not sturdy at all. The motor broke while sewing a seam on a bed sheet.
The product was delivered with a plug that didn't fit an of our outlets. it had a battery pack that began to over heat with in minutes of using. I was really disappointed and so was my daughter since it was for her.
"Doesn't work very well, got tangled all the time, very hard to make up for lack of backstitch."
"I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and my daughter told me last week that she hasn't been able to get it to work at all. She also expressed concern for the safety as the needle took off running as soon as you plug it in. I checked to ensure it was threaded correctly and same thing. No luck and when the needle took off, it scared me for anyone caught off guard. It won't catch a stitch at all because the tension is factor set and far too tight to move the thread through at all. I missed my window to return it and while I didn't pay a lot, I am very disappointed that they sell it as a machine that's easy to use. I would love to get a refund and would happily return it. I wished I would seen some of the reviews about the tension issue before. The directions also have incorrect information. Some of the letters in the directions are clearly incorrect. So disappointed."
"It's not great, but it does work. This is the first machine I bought. I had 5 pairs of pants to fix the hem on. I've only even done three. I like that it came ready to use, but I couldn't use white thread. I tried re-threading with the instructions but had to look up a you-tube video because the instructions were terrible. My foot pad didn't work so I had to use the button on the machine. I meant to exchange it because of that but forgot to return it in time. I did manage to get a some of my pants hemmed, but it jams fairly frequently so I have to rethread a lot. For less than $20, it is a good little machine but I think I almost would've preferred paying someone to hem them for me."
"This is a great machine for a child or beginner. I love the price and it worked to make the cookie banners I needed until I could afford a better one. My biggest issue with this adorable little machine is that it does not have a reverse option. There is no way to tie the ends. The only other problem I found is that if the fabric or layers of fabric are too thick, it will not work. Aside from those issues though, I made a baby skirt and shoes, and ribbon bound a flag and banner with it, and my daughter can make all the dolly clothes she can think of when I give it to her!"
It was a mess difficult to use and kept getting tangled. And it broke.
"Only does a straight stick, does not do a back stitch to not properly... and honestly doesn't hold up quite like it should.

Good if you need a quick fix, I guess."
"Bought for the purpose of fixing a few pairs of winter gloves. It worked perfectly for sewing through two layers of gloves fabric. It struggled to get through the thick (fake leather) elastic wrist section of the gloves, that's perfectly fine because it's the cheapest upright sewing machine on amazon (as of the time of writing)."
"Is very good for a beginner such as myself, and it does the job."
"Doesnt work as expected , useless because I had to fix clothes manually .. stitches are loose and always theres is a mess on the back of the piece of cloth .. not worthing money .. don't buy unless you want it as a toy for your kid ..."
Cute and small ..I love it
"If you have a child that's learning to sew, definitely get this for them to learn on. If will teach them the basics and how to use a larger one. If they break it, not a large amount of money lost. If you know how to sew even a little bit, it's not worth your time and energy to try and learn how to use this. It's so small it's kind comedic."
It sucks and won't sew
"It's convenient, small and cute. Double whammy, bc it's small, have to keep sewing and mending to small projects."
Was broken when I got it
Completely broke after just two weeks or so of using. It was great for stitching together cheap fabrics like felt and cotton but don't you dare use anything thicker or the needle will bend and snap.
"Upon initial inspection, all parts and accessories were present but the pedal showed signs of tampering. First attempt at sewing on the included test fabric was successful but pedal wouldn't work consistently. When trying to sew a project, bottom thread was not being picked up and pedal wouldn't work at all."
Keeps breaking.
Great sewing machine ever!
"I love this machine. while its a little tempermental it does what i need it to and i have had relatively little trouble with it. my only question remains "" how do you wind the bobbin?"" the instructions only say that you CAN, not HOW."
Didn't make a single stitch.
"The machine looked nice and I thought I could use it for small repairs after watching video reviews online. However, it only worked the first time on the test fabric. On anything else, the thread keeps breaking after two stitches or doesn't sew on some fabrics. I have adjusted the tension, used different thread and changed the needle but nothing works. Basically, the only way I can sew is one stitch at a time for five stitches then re-thread on a limited number of fabrics. My advice spend a little more on a better sewing machine."
awesome
"Absolutely awesome for a $20 sewing machine! It came threaded and sews just fine. I had no problem threading it or sewing from the large bobbin my new thread came on on top.

I did not get the bobbin winding feature on the back of the machine to work well - the included metal bobbins didn't fit it tightly so they weren't able to pull hard enough to wind thread on. Not a huge issue for me personally.

It also doesnt have a reverse mode to sew backwards - and rotating the manual dial backward won't do it either. You either have to turn the piece around or deal without locking your stitches in. Im still practicing, so I just use the opportunity to sew over the whole seam a second time. A bit more annoying than the bobbin-winding thing, but 100% acceptable in a $20 machine.

As an absolute beginner with sewing in general and sewing machines specifically, I was able to use this immediately to repair a hanger loop on a heavy terry cloth bathrobe and sew an envelope pillow case out of quilting cotton. Id definitely recommend it for anyone starting out, short on storage space, or looking to use it on a tray table on the couch (like I did!)"
"worked great.  Child's friend held down pedal after bobbin was incorrectly placed, and motor broke.  I feel like i could have replaced it easily, but she started using a larger machine already.  Good for the price, only if your child is ""gentle"" with toys."
My niece absoutly love this.
A GIFT SHE LOVES IT
"Small! Brittle plastic! but really cheap.
Just make sure you practice with the setting before using it. every fabric is different and this is finicky.
GREAT PRICE! Good in a pinch or to learn on."
"Easy to use, but thread constantly breaks"
Dont waste your money on this .
mala  me robaron la plata
Bought just to hem kids jeans. Works great and I know nothing about sewing.
"I used it once. It worked for 15 minutes then it stopped stitching. It is threaded properly. The machine runs fine, but it doesn't stitch. A waste of money."
My mother is teaching my 7 year old daughter how to sew.  This tiny machine is perfect.
Petite and perfect for my 8 year old.
Please don't buy this. There's so many wonderful reviews but honestly I think they're paid reviews. I thought it would be wonderful just a little tiny sewing machine just to hem up pants it didn't even last me for one pair of pants it did not complete the job it stopped working. That's what I get for buying cheap.
"I love this machine!! It is very user friendly, especially for a newbie like myself."
"Never used.  I tried, but couldn't get the hang of it."
"Get what you pay for. I took in two pairs of pants before this just stopped working. I couldn't find anything wrong with it, it just wouldnt pick up the bottom thread anymore "
Mon loves sewing....... works perfect. Perhaps a little lamp somewhere.
This is a fine product and an excellent value.
This item broke after 5 min of sewing. Im very disappointed.
It broke during the first use Complete waste of money.
Not worth the money
"- I got this for a very specific reason, which is that I have pressure on my spinal cord and can't deal with messing around with trudging upstairs and getting the regular (heavy!) machine set up;  I'll be having surgery in a few weeks and *definitely* won't be able to do that at all.  So I started looking for something smaller and lighter, especially something I could use on my DIY lap 'desk', and came across this type of mini-machine.
- All I wanted was something that could do basic stitching - my full-sized machine, even though it's a ""basic"" model, has all sorts of stitches I've never had any use for, so what I wanted was something that can stitch more evenly and much more quickly than I can do by hand, AND something as small and light-weight as possible.  This little machine isn't even as heavy as a 15.5 ounce can of diced tomatoes ;) , so it's certainly light!!!  It also has a tiny footprint, about the size of an average mass-market paperback.
- The prices on these little machines seem to vary wildly., so, when I saw this Michley brand (which seemed to have the largest number of positive reviews, versus the ""no-names"") new for $16.80, I jumped on it.
- I haven't done anything extensive on it, but it seems to work just fine - if that changes in the near future, I'll post an update.  So far, it's exactly what it's described as being.  Also, there is a good amount of information about it on-line, including instructional videos.  So, yes, the instruction sheet (or so-called ""manual"") is barely comprehensible because the English is just *so* poor, However!, there are pictures, AND there are resources on-line, including those instructional videos, if one does a search on ""LSS-202"".
- Several reviewers repeatedly belittled it as being a ""toy"" - I suppose it depends upon how one defines ""toy"".  If it performs the task that a person needs it to perform, who cares what it's called?  But more to the point, if you want a fully-capable machine, PAY FOR IT.  Too many ""reviewers"" on Amazon seem to give 1 star because they expect a $4 item to be made like, and have exactly the same capabilities as, a $40 item.  It makes no sense.
- Some reviewers described it as being loud ""for its size"", but that shouldn't be surprising, given that the lightweight materials and small size simply lack enough mass to dampen the sound created by the motor and gears.  It's not actually any louder than my own larger machine which is also made largely of plastic, but the *pitch* is higher, so it might be more annoying to some people and therefore *seem* louder than it is.  ((My old *metal bodied* machine is, of course!, also the quietest, but it's also heavy, and I need to find a couple replacement parts...))
- My LSS-202 came well-packaged and was definitely *not* ""just thrown in the box"", as some reviewers seem to have experienced - mine was fully assembled, fully threaded, and tucked into form-fitting styrofoam, which had molded-in spaces for the pedal, the power cord, and the little baggie with extra bobbins.
 -Of course, I *did* order mine from a highly-rated vendor who also offered""Fulfillment By Amazon"".  The price is typically not ""the lowest possible"" for those vendors, but Ive never had any problems when I've gone with both options, and I wonder whether that accounts for the difference between a good LSS-202 purchase and a problem purchase...
- Anyway, so, it stitches.  Forward only - you need to turn the fabric if you need to back-stitch.  For something that costs less than a lot of kids' toys, HEY, that's how it is ;)"
DO NOT BUY THIS.  This thing is a total POS.  The instructions for getting the bobbin thread engaged are a total lie.  Worst sewing machine I've ever encountered.  Constantly jams and the pathetic plastic gears do nothing.  Unfortunately too late to return to Amazon.
"I really like this machine and knew beforehand that it wasn't a ""professional"" sewing machine.  However, it does perform well and I haven't had any jamming problems.  I suggest watching a few of the videos on operating this machine to give you a clue about it."
"doesn't work just thrown in box wanted for small mends, this is a toy, not a small mender its a  toy nothing more  that doesn't work,can't even find half the pieces just thrown in a box"
Worked/works perfectly for what my wife needs it for!
This thing is much better than expected!
"I was a bit skeptical about the machine but when I receive it,it worked well exactly what I was look on for...to do a little stitching here and there. Ok for the price."
You get what you pay for. It broke before my daughter could even learn how to sew on it. Litterally first time out of the box.
"Very complicated. Vague instructions. Tried a few times, was never able to use.  Sitting aside for almost a year."
This sewing machine would be perfect- if only it had a back function. I understand that it was really inexpensive and it works great. Having to finish everything by hand is incovenient. I'd likely purchase it again because it's the best option at this price point- but there's a huge caveat with it.
"This is my first sewing machine. It is very simple. I watched some youtube tutorial, then started to use it.
Good for beginner."
"The machine was already broken (the needle was misaligned with the foot and would hit the foot on the way down. I tried to adjust it to no avail) when it arrived. To be fair, I didn't report it or request a refund so the company didn't do anything wrong, but overall the quality seemed cheap and I was never able to use it."
Absolutely unusable.
This machine came in handy. I love my purchase
"The sewing machine did not work, it would not sew. The needle would go and everything but the thread would not catch and sew."
"I really like this tiny machine, it helps me a lot."
Gave as a gift to my granddaughter. Assume it's ok.
really hard to use... needs better instruction..
Difficult to use
Only needed this machine for a small project and it worked after a little troubleshooting.
Look like used.
work great the first I got it after no good
This really is a great little machine for beginners. it's a little on the noisy. I found it simple enough to work once I figured out how to thread the bottom bobbin. Unfortunately the item pictured is not the exact item I received. The machine I receive does not have a thread guide for the bottom bobbin as pictured. I had to look up some videos but eventually figured out how to properly thread the bobbin. For the price I would recommend.
I like the lil machine but i have not been able to use it yet. The thre as d keeps breaking. I have not got is set up completely but i do like it!  I plane on getting one eith more stitch patterns.
"Not working well, I would rather sew everything by my hand..."
This worked at first only on the squares of cloth that came with it. It was difficult to thread even though I watched several tutorial videos on how to thread this specific machine. Overall terrible. I wanted to return it but the window for return had already closed so this was a wasted purchase.
Product fails to work. Tossed in garbage.
"I had a hard time getting it to turn on out of the box. I finally got it to work after jiggling the cord around a bit. I used it for a couple of weeks making small projects and it worked great! It was just what I needed (new to sewing, just wanted one for small things). About two weeks in, it wouldn't turn on again. I tried and tried over a couple of days but it never did work again. I was able to get a refund though. Too bad, I actually liked the little machine!"
"Let me say I am a total beginner.  I watched a You Tube video which showed me EXACTLY how to set this guy up.  I'm just using it for little crafting projects/my daughters Halloween costumes, etc.  It did exactly what I needed.  I took off one star because I did swear....A LOT trying to teach myself how to use it"
"This arrived with one broken needle.  I returned it.  however I did use it to repair the belt loops on jeans.  The ten is actually ok and works rather well but its not great for a beginner and a pro may get somewhat frustrated. Do not adjust the tension from the factory it was tested on a linin cloth and works perfectly.  There is only one stich.  The bobbin spooled easily but you have to wind in a horizontal motion to wind the spool evenly.  The stitching was perfect not too tight or too lose.  The switch and the foot peddle provided very good response.  However the foot pedal does not control the speed of the action of the machine like on an expensive model, that said I would still recommend this for costumes and sewing of thin fabrics. It comes with two poor quality needs, if you replace them with quality needles you will have better results.  I used a needle #16 for denim from singer and had good results.  The machine is too light and moves around a bit it also does not weigh enough. However for $20 its a nice portable 3rd machine perfect for simple hems on pants, skirts, pillow cases or small drapes.  If you could find a way to make a stationary platform or to clamp the machine I would give it one more star.  I am going to spend another $60 bucks and get a real mid size machine!"
hard to use and will not sew anything that I have tried to sew
"Perfect for what I use it for, just small projects and mending. Packs away easily as it is nice and small and very light weight. Wish the instructions were better, I had a hard time remembering how to thread a sewing machine as it's been years since I used one! Thank goodness for the internet."
Works just as a normal big machine this little guy is my best friend and can see anything
As the saying goes.... You get what you pay for. Used for small items/projects and it was fine for that. Obviously not intended for the professional! Good for teaching a little one how to sew or for small projects though.
Not so good
"Broke after one use. When I try to use it now, it looks like it's working from the top, but the back of the fabric is a mess of thread, and nothing is actually sewn."
broke easily
Purchased for my 6 year old granddaughter. She made her first pillow and learned lots of new terms for sewing. She can't wait to get back and make something else.
"It's running but will not stitch. Disappointed the first time use, a total waste of time & money!"
"Very compact, great for paper crafts or the beginning sewer! Super easy to use and figure out. Great price too! I'm gonna buy another as a back up!"
"I did not have high expectations for this machine, but I hoped that I could use it for quick and easy repairs and projects. What I was not expecting was for it to stop working after ten minutes of use. While I tried to figure out what was wrong, the machine got incredibly hot and the room started to smell like burning plastic. Then, I noticed that the button could no longer be pressed. I can only surmise that this machine was melting inside. Total waste of time and money."
Loving it  :)
"very small but if you need to sew something real quick and easy, then this will work."
"I simply love this tiny machine. For a first timer, it works perfectly with me."
"Used it once worked great went to use again and it's like the gears on the motor are stipped, motor turns but nothing happens"
The needles break so easy can't use it !!!!!
being a budget category it  serves limited basic stitching purpose !
Wouldnt work after the first time using it
Didn't work
For the price I paid it is as expected... It's a pretty crappy machine but is good for beginners to learn with. Definitely would not recommend for people looking to buy a good sewing machine for frequent use.
"I bought this machine as my daughter's first machine. She was 6, and it was so loud that she was afraid of it. I figured she might be too young, so I put it back in it's  original box, and set it in the closet till she was 7.

At 7 she had done some hand sewing, and was interested in trying her machine, so I got it out.

The instructions refer to a diagram with letters that doesn't exist... but I'm experienced so I was able to figure it out anyways.

While turning the hand crank to thread it, I noticed it catching and sticking, so I opened it up to make sure it was properly lubed. What I found was that all the parts inside are all made of flimsy plastic.

The reason this machine wasn't  working is because the main transfer gear cracked, and rendered the machine useless... after having never been used once!"
"Perfect for a beginning / intermediate seamstress! I bought this 2 years ago and it is holding up well. Yes, it is plastic and lightweight, but it's a great product for $20. I've made 3 t-shirt quilts using this machine and it is still running smooth!"
Its alright It could use more work the tread keep getting stuck.
"Unable to see for more than a few seconds before it jammed. I watched the videos on YouTube covering its operation but no amount of tweaking I did worked. It may just require much more time than I have but it's definitely not easy to set up. If you have plenty of time to mess with it, buy it. Otherwise, it's more trouble than it's worth."
"I hadn't used much and one day it wouldn't turn on. I could use it for stitching few pillow cover and that's it. Very low quality machine , only expect to use it few times."
Is perfect. very useful
"I was not expecting much when I bought this little sewing machine because of the reviews.  I bit because it was cheap.  My wife was easily able to use this thing on her dresses.  It only has one design of stitching, but that's all we needed.  It's definitely nothing nigh quality but it'll last until we can upgrade to something better.  There are some tutorials on Youtube if you have never used one before."
Working great after 2 months.
Does not work. I'm not inexperienced with sewing machines. I know how to work with them because my mom has one. This little sewing machine is just a toy and it doesn't work.
I got my machine when it said it was coming. When I read the instructions I got kind of confused so I watched a YouTube video & I got it.  It works very well. My lines are funny but I'm still practicing.
"Pros

Small and compact
Accurately described by maker as capable of durable stitching, albeit one type of stitch [ I tried one manual hand held machines that made similar claims and never were the stitches as tight or strong as this powered machine]
all accessories and features work as described: foot pedal, battery power, AC power, bobbin winder, speed and hand controls
easily found generic wear items: bobbins, needles and thread
easy access to thread needle and replace lower bobbin
easy access to adjust tension and upper bobbin or spool
small enough that a light is not necessary [ as found on competing models]
the machine stops during a jam prevents irreparable damage to the unit

Cons
No reverse stitch
Stitching does not lock, so you have to knot tie preferably both start and finish to prevent unraveling
enclosed printed instructions are terse and inadequate for total novices [ like me]
very difficult to learn the proper thread tension, it requires a touch as you may have to make subtle adjustments for thicker or thinner cloths: to learn it I used scrap cloth and practiced setting different tensions to see what would happen, I then double the cloth up and repeated the process so I could tell how taught the thread should be for different types of thickness; loose tension makes stitches uneven, weak and bunches of thread jammed into the stitch, too tight and the thread snaps off, just right and a stitch pattern develops, when perfect a stitch pattern is evenly spaced on the top and bottom of the stitch and look identical
once the cloth is pulled away from the machine and the threads cut you must clear any twist or worse, knots, and separate both threads to insure it doesn't jam with the next use and that no thread may jam in the bottom bobbin area;  both bottom bobbin and needle thread lines should be extended about 1 foot in front of the user and free of twist and knots, I  separate them to the left and right of each other before starting a run
the needle must be threaded from LEFT to RIGHT
thread from the upper bobbin or spool spindle MUST follow the thread guide path as it insures it will not jam when in use, it must move freely along this path, not looped around any portion of the path which can happen on its own if the thread has loose tension
both thread ends must both be under the pressure foot and not looped around the foot or any part of the shaft such as the screw or the needle thread guide

I bought this with a lot of skepticism since 1/3 or reviews were 1 star and another 1/3 were 5 but it was cheap enough that I'd have nothing to loose. It works very well but took a lot of learning to get right.  I did not know how to use any sewing machine, so had to learn everything from scratch, although I had friends who used an old manual sewing machine that operated similar to this, without many controls or various stitch patterns of modern machines, just for DIY repair work, so I got tips watching how such old machines work but never used it myself.  I read the pdf manual cover to cover and watched several how-to videos on youtube on sewing with the LSS-202 as well as look a like machines.  I got it then working in 1 hour, and could do most any material I had at home after practicing for 2 hours on scrap cloth, practice included setting different tensions, clearing jams, as well as using the bobbin winder, the different speeds, foot pedal and hand control.  The machine is made durable enough that it worked flawlessly all this time.  I've then repaired 5 shirts, 3 socks, a jacket seam.  It took minutes to repair each item, most time spent to position the garment for the best approach.  My tailor charges me $10 for small repairs per item, plus a week wait per job, so this machine paid for itself after only 2 repairs, and no waiting at that.

I can now store the 202 until next time and I now have the skill to use it immediately without fumbling and get the job done.  $17 for the unit and the knowledge of sewing, priceless!"
"As a beginner, I thought will get this and try for few projects but what I am getting is all loose thread down. Watched youtube and made all the adjustment and tried a lot still it didn't work :("
This was just okay when it functioned.  One basic stitch.  No reverse.  Used it moderately. But it didn't last as long as I would have expected even for a cheap little machine.  Just one day it wouldn't turn on.
"I love this little machine.  I've just started to make American Girl Doll clothing, and this is the perfect size for the small patterns and seams.  It was threaded right out of the box, and it came with thread on bobbins.  I made a blouse this morning for my AGD for the July 4 holiday.  I will make a pair of jeans to go with it in the next two days.  My only complaint is that the thread breaks if you do not take care to hold the top thread in place before starting to sew.  Also, you really need good eyesight to thread the needle!  It's pretty small.  I love the fact that you can use it as an electrical machine or you can use it with batteries.  It is so lightweight that I can hang it on my pegboard in my craft area."
"I gave this to my ten year old as a gift. Without one sewing lesson, she began sewing. She repurposed a dress and turned it into a skirt for her first project. Easy to use!"
"Sews pretty good once you get tension adjusted. Directions say that you shouldn't have to adjust tension, but I had to - thread kept breaking . My only complaint is that it can't do reverse stitches, but I guess you get what you pay for."
I love my little machine so much that I bought this one for my best friend!! She loves it!
This is unquestionably the best product I have purchased. I was surprised to find it ready to use just as I opened the packet. It's compact and too cute but that doesn't mean it's frail. I shortened my sheer curtains within 15 mins and couldn't stop praising the little master for this. Another important thing is that it doesn't require any expertise to use this machine. It is extremely simple and extraordinarily effective. Having this in my house has not only saved a lot of money but also on a lot of time that I would have otherwise spent on finding and coaxing a tailor for my occasional stitch fixes. This is a must have for all households.  Not just 5 but 10 stars for the little saviour.
"I bought this for simple repairs and hemming and it's great! It was a little rough figuring out how much thread tension to adjust the machine to, but with some testing it was smooth sailing. The machine come prethreaded so that was good. I would pay attention to this so it will be easier for you to do the threading your self or if your thread breaks.

Since having the machine I've sewn pillow cases, curtains, shorts for my small child, etc."
Great for beginners
Great product for money!
I used it I see no problem it works like a big sewing machine.
"Awesome
Little bit of practice and boom
Hold tight keep it straight & it'll plow a hem on your jeans!"
I do not care for the way it sews. More of a loose stitch. Haven't spent enough time with it yet to try changing it. Great for first time sewers though. Which is me. Not too much to screw up!
Best sowing machine for the price
Works ok until bobbin stops spinning. 2nd replacement same problem
Purchased for my nine-year-old daughter to use to make clothes for her dolls works just great would not use it for anything heavy duty but for a first time user this is great
Did not like at all...
Bought for wife. She loves it. She is using for simple projects.
"at the low cost I was hoping for something that would be easily portable and quick to use.  Worked with the first bobbin, but nothing worked after that.  Attempted many many times - and honestly - I finally just threw it out."
This machine would not sew from the start. Not worth the money.
Less than 1 star. Really cheap plastic and motor is not strong enough to turn needle when trying to sew even thinner material. Really sub standard products!
very small and did not work for me
"used one time ,not fail to me."
My niece loved this
Runs a bit fast but what would I know? This is my first time trying to use a sewing machine.
"I thought I would learn to use a sewing machine. This one was cheap, so I figured why not. Now, I know why not. Reviews were mixed, but I went for it. This thing is tiny. It's hard to even hold it down while you're trying to sew. Maybe it was just me, but it seemed rather loud when it was on too, compared to machines my grandmother has. I'd rather sew needle and thread than have to fight with this little machine. I would definitely not recommend this product."
Poor poor quality. Tried setting up daughter of ten years old. Skips stitches and thread gets jammed easily.
Difficult to adjust the tension and keep it there. Otherwise it does what I wanted it for.
the greatest little sewing machine works great no problems at all
Works great once you have mom or grandma show you how to use it.
It does the work. Great product for the price. I will learn with this product hiw to do my own things
it's trash.
"Perfect for the price.  I've used it twice, no jams or issues.  Perfect for little quick sewing projects."
This is a great little machine. I've never sewn before and I figured out how to use it and it has come in handy.
"I was so excited about getting this machine but once i used it, there was some problem with the speed of the machine
It doesn't matter weather it is on high speed or low speed, it was running extremely slow but after using it continuously for sometime, it automatically becomes fine. So, i am thinking that should be the problem with the device. I would like to try this once more after replacing it."
I am very happy with the operation of the machine.  Pleasantly pleased with it's power despite the size.
"Really nice machine for a low price. Good for basic projects. I appreciate that it comes pre-threaded, and with perfect tension. It works very nice for such a little machine. Note that it doesn't sew backwards. You have to u-turn your project in order to do that. I use it to make stuffed animals, and it has no problem with two layers of thick fleece, though more layers than that might give you trouble. Overall, I'm very pleased it works so well for such a minimal price."
Total piece of junk. Worked once never again. Watched dozens of videos none any help. Avoid this toy at all costs.
love
"Needs a light under arm.
There is NO reverse! Rly??
Otherwise would be a GREAT lil machine."
"So, I knew I was getting an inexpensive sewing machine.  The tough part is it's so light, that it moves while you are sewing.  Otherwise, works as expected."
"I was hesitant to buy this due to the mixed reviews but, with it being under $20 I figured I'd take a chance. When I got it, it came almost ready to go I only needed to plug in the foot pedal and power cord and remove the demo piece of fabric. I set it up with a piece of fabric that needed hemming on all four sides and got to it. Since this doesn't have a reverse feature it needs to be manually operated to seal the end of the seams. I was able to make fairly quick work with the hemming compared to using a hand sewer or needle and thread method.
This is a very basic little sewing machine and does a great job for what it's made. At the low cost, I wold recommend it to anyone that has some sewing to do that might be more than is comfortable to be done by hand."
It doesn't work properly
Five. Stars for size and comfort of use. If only it worked more than one minute. I got it to stitch about four inches and I thought it was great for little jobs but after that I got it to stitch about two inches and it never worked again. I keep working at it. I don't what I keep doing wrong. Everything is in place but the thread is not connecting to the fabric anymore.
"Bought this for occasional simple sewing projects. I had pretty low expectations considering it was so inexpensive, but was still disappointed. Worked a few times, thread broke every 5 minutes or so, even after tension adjustments. Now the thread won't catch the bobbin. Took it apart and everything works when turned by hand, but not at full speed. Just another piece of plastic for the recycle bin."
"This tiny (think the size of a small purse) sewing machine has made fixing clothes a breeze, since it takes very little space or time to set up. However, more avid sewers will find it isn't up to large projects like quilting or thicker materials. I was able to use it on fake denim, but it didn't do well with real denim or one of my hoodies. I'd recommend this for college kids and beginners learning the basics."
I got this for my daughter and she lived it and used it. Only problem I didn't like was it took allot of .batteries.
"This machine doesnt work more than once, mine stopped working when I tried to use after a month. Plz don't buy"
"worked to put two patches on my husband's referee/umpire jackets but when it came to a delicate chiffon dress, even after adjusting everything it didn't work at all, back it went."
"At first it was great!  But we have had it since January and we have used it 3 times.  I bought it as a B-day gift for my daughter and last night she attempted to do a project for school utilizing it and it keep getting stuck.  Not sure why.  I looked at it and could not figure it out.  Anyway, its not bad for the price but it can be a little frustrating."
I used once and it not working right anymore... don't waste money!!!
"I actually got this machine from another website (Ameri Mark) for about $10 more than I could have gotten it here, and I am still happy with it. When I went to review it there, they no longer carried it, so I decided to review it here.

It's good for mending and simple seams. It's very handy. It only has the one stitch, which is a rather broad straight stitch. No reverse stitch and no zig-zag. Even so, when I just want to mend something quickly, fix a hem or create a casing for a curtain or the like, it's perfect.

It is NOT intuitive. If you are used to sewing on a regular machine, you need to pay attention to the directions and follow them. For example, you don't remove your project by pulling it to the left. If you do this, the thread will break. You have to pull it to the right in the direction of the thread.

While it's possible to sew using a regular spool of thread placed on the spindle on top, that's not best. Using a bobbin placed on the receptacle on the front of the machine works better. You CANNOT sew with a spool on top and the bobbin on front. I didn't try to do that, but I read another review elsewhere written by someone who did! :D

There are LOTS of good videos on YouTube that show you how to use this machine in great detail. They are very valuable and worthwhile.

All-in-all, I think this is a good tool to add to your sewing arsenal, or if you just need something for mending it's very good. It's better made and more rugged than I expected, and I think I will get a lot of good use out of it."
"SEEMS TO BE WORKING GREAT...
TRYING TO MAKE MORE TIME TO PRACTICE."
Excellent
A little dissapointed. Mines did not come threaded and missing the 4 bobbins that it said it came with. No instructions in box so I don't even know how to use it
junk. Sent it back.
"Buttons/writing on product are in Chinese.
We got this as a present for my daughter last month, but didn't get a chance to open it until now...unfortunately outside the return period.
My wife tells me the tension on the bobbin holder can't be adjusted loose enough for the spool to spin freely.
My wife who has experience with multiple machines is having a heck of a time getting it to work it all - she has been messing with it for an hour now and no luck.
Additionally, the writing on the machine is all in Chinese, which is not what is shown in the pictures for this.
Regardless of if my wife gets this to work or not - its one star all the way since what was advertised was not what was shipped to us.
Extremely disappointed."
"I'm a old guy and never sewed anything in all
 my years besides a button on a shirt a few times...but, this little machine really out performed my expectations. First look it seems like a toy,but it's no toy. I bought it for putting a hem on some jeans and it worked flawlessly after I read the instructions and watched a couple of YouTube videos. Next, I thought I'd attempt making some cafe curtains out of a flat sheet I got at Walmart.( See pics). I'm pretty proud of what I turned out and think almost anyone can do  the same or similar with this fine little machine."
This is a great sewing machine it works great just sometimes it gets stuck and you have to replace the bobbin which is hard.
"This little machine is great and it fits in my live perfectly.  I am a single man living alone getting tired of sewing things by hand.  Since I know nothing about sewing, my neighbor saved me a lot of learning time and showed me a little about how to sew.  I have successfully sewn a number of things now and the machine works great. I think this maching is the best thing I could purchase for the money."
"Not happy with it, keeps jamming up"
"this is not a toy, small but does the same job as the big machines"
Broken after 1.5 month
good
"If you are new to sewing I don't suggest this machine for beginners. I bought this thinking it would be easier for my little girl to learn on it not so much the case because this machine is for advanced users.
 On the advanced side this machine is great! If you need something compact to carry to sewing clubs definitely a have to purchase item. I found out easy to thread and the bobbin is easy to load.
 It appears to be able to handle sewing denim , quliting fabric, and full size projects!!"
Great Product  Fast Shipping
"Crap.
Cheap.
Didn't work AT ALL."
good for simple stiching
"I needed to see a few basic things, like add a ruffle to a sleeve and some poodle skirts. Easy to use and works well. I have no sewing experience and the instructions were easy to follow."
It didn't even work for one full day only worked for like 5 mins
Perfect for a little girl learning to sew. I wish there was a light though; that makes it tough for a beginner.
My granddaughter loves it!  Hasn't stopped sewing since she got it for her birthday.
Good little machine for small projects and teaching kids.
Fun and safe my Goddaughter loved it
"What can you say about a $20 sewing machine?  It's small, it does only one type of stitch with a fixed length, it has two speeds which you select with a switch, the foot pedal is on/off only and does not change the speed...  and it has trouble with multiple layers of heavy fabric.  And there's no reverse.

But.  It's a $20 sewing machine that actually works!  It comes with a 120/240V AC adapter, foot switch, 6 bobbins (3 pre-loaded with white thread, one with black, and two empty ones), a needle threading tool, and a spare needle.

As another reviewer indicated, you shouldn't put a spool of thread on the spindle on top of the machine.  It's better to load up a bobbin and put it on the side of the machine, next to the tension knob.  That gives the thread a more direct path, and prevents it from snagging and breaking (the machine came pre-threaded that way).  I did use that top spindle to hold a spool for loading a bobbin.  In the middle of the hand wheel there is a bobbin holder that can be pulled out and locked with a 1/4 turn.  Then you run the machine to wind the thread onto the bobbin - I used my hand to guide the thread onto the bobbin, so it's not as simple as on a full-size machine, but it works."
This is the biggest hunk of junk. I bought this for my granddaughter so she could learn to sew. I pulled it out of the box got it ready and it wouldn't sew. The tension is so right the thread gets caught immediately and the thread snaps. It don't adjust no matter what you do. So much for her Christmas present. Do Not Waste Your Money Or Time! It don't even deserve one star!
"If you are looking for a non-functional toy, go for it. Otherwise, don't waste your time and money, and consider more reliable products and brands. I will return this product asap."
Best little invention I've ever seen! After re mastering sewing I do think I need a bigger machine. This is great to learn the basics on
I love this small sewing machine. it's really great for me who never use sewing machine before and make me wanna try bigger machine.
Did not receive this item when it was  guaranteed otherwise good product.
Very flimsy
Perfect for that beginner of sewing! Bought this for my 10 year old niece for Christmas! She really enjoys it!
"Small, but works great! Exactly what I expected."
shabby.
"Absolute crap... not worth the money. DO NOT BUY!! This is basically a kids style machine(cheap construction).  Not even through one project(cotton material) and its already breaking needles.  When the needle goes down it gets stuck..won't come back up(have to shut machine & hand wind it).  The motor still runs when it gets stuck like that so if you don't shut it off it quickly it will start bending/breaking the needles.  If I could give zero stars I would.  This went into the trash and got myself a better condition, full sized, real, working sewing machine."
"This little machine works great! It's ready to go right out of the box. Changing the tension isn't advised; however, I found the tension to be a little tight for my purposes (the thread kept breaking). Once I made this little adjustment, it sewed wonderfully. You really can't beat the value for the price. I would have given 5 stars; but, without a light and actual owner's guide, I gave it 4. If you Google ""Michley LSS-202"", you will find a pdf for all the information needed for operation. Otherwise, if you already know the basics of sewing, it's pretty self-explanatory."
"I am using this exact method ""Drop bobbin in carrier such that the thread and bobbin form ""P"". When you pull on thread the bobbin unwinds counter clockwise. Lay loose thread in groove on plate coming toward front of machine. Replace cover. Rotate hand wheel towards you to pick up thread. Pull upper and lower threads to rear of machine under presser foot."" and my bobbin thread will not come up the middle. Its like its not catching."
Its Role fits Well Its Price.
Thread thickness is not same and hard to sewing.. definitely I am gonna return this. not working.
The thread keeps breaking I've rethread it almost 100 times. Also it keeps getting caught on little things which annoys the crap out of me. I wish I would not have spent the money on this piece of crap.
I BOUGHT 1 FOR EACH OF MY GIRLS FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY LOVE THEM. THEY USE THEIR SEWING MACHINES EVERYDAY TO CREATE NEW THINGS.
This thing is crap! It will go for maybe an inch and then it jams. And of it does stitch at all it bunches up on one side and then it stops. I am so disappointed in this product!
Crappy machine. I basically threw it away. It did come though
"Other reviewers compliment this machine on it's already calibrated thread tension. Apparently, I received a model that was NOT factory set correctly. I read the manual from start to finish before treading the machine and attempting to sew and the resulting stitching was a mess. I tried everything, rotating the know left and right for over two hours trying to find that ""sweet spot"" of even tension to no avail.
All is did was make ME tense.
It's a shame, because otherwise I can see how this little gadget would be perfect for amateur costumers like myself (I only ever use the one stitch on my huge, expensive machine so this would have been ideal) but unable to correctly sew the seams I'll be returning this to the seller (and hopefully returning myself back to sanity. I'm REALLY frustrated.)"
Love it so much since it can be moved from place to place and it has a great stitch length! I have used it many times now and I am so satisfied that I have recommended it to others! We are thinking of purchasing them for our youth group at church for a sewing circle! Thanks again for a great product!
"I just don't know how these get bad reviews. Absolutely fantastic machine if you just need basic stitches. Easy to use, easy to maneuver.

This is my second machine after the last one died. It made it through 6000 yards of thread before it gave up the ghost. And that was stitches through 2 layers of cargo blanket and 2 layers of prettyness at once.
 Can't complain for 18$"
"I was impressed with this little machine. I bought it for small crafts. It has exactly one stitch, but it gets the job done. It won't make a wedding dress, but it works perfect for my crafts and hemming my husband's pants. Search for YouTube videos for how to set it up and thread it; it's easier than trying to decipher the instructions.
I made this pillow with the machine (only the actual pillow, appliqu was sewn on by hand)."
We bought this for our 4 year old who always wants to sew like Mommy. It was a bit difficult to get it threaded correctly and get it going. When we did get it going it worked great. my daughter made an ice packs for the entire family. she loves it and mostly sews straight lines to practice. I would recommend this machine for a child to use as a first machine. I don't think it would be good enough for sewing a bunch of clothes or plush dolls.
Piece of junk.
"Excellent sewing.  A bit confusing to thread the needle, but with the help of a youtube video I got it working."
"Great machine! All I wanted was a simple machine that goes forward and no fancy stitches. This is great, and so light! I can fit it in my tote bag if I go  away and want to take sewing with me! Recommend it!"
sister likes small
Poor design
Christmas gifts for the granddaughters.....perfect starter machine
"Spent over an hour trying to decipher the instructions, looking at Youtube tutorials, threading and re-threading the machine, adjusting the tension and could not get it to work.  Didn't expect much from a $17 machine but it didn't work at all.  I did enjoy when I smashed it on the floor and threw the broken pieces away.  That was fun I guess.  Could have got a pizza with that money though."
"it's really cute. i wouldn't advise buying it if you have to sew a dress or a full-size item, but for repairs and small things like a child's pair of shorts or straight stitch for towels, it's perfect. I like it that i can use the pedal or I can push a button on the machine to make it go. i have several sewing machines; i keep this one at a relative's house so i can do repairs to clothing and it's perfect."
"Loved this little machine, its so great and just because its small doesnt mean that its not powerful. I use this machine alll the time, really great"
"Got this as a gift for someone, the tension was messed up right from the get-go.  Have tried everything, and every kind of fabric.  There's no way to adjust the bobbin tension so pretty much SOL."
great gift love it
"This is really two-speed, not variable-speed, and you have to manually toggle between them even with the pedal, so it's just on/off. One-speed would have been just as good. Having a on/off controls for a sewing machine feels very strange, and it's hard to sew how you want--definitely the biggest problem. Easy to go too fast, or past where you want. The variable-depress foot pedal doesn't make much sense with it either.

The plastic design is a little awkward and bulky but not too bad.

I got this because it was the cheapest machine I could find, and I'd recommend paying a little more and going with something else."
"I've only used the machine two days since I received it.  The first day it took a while to get the hang of it, but eventually worked.  The next day I tried changing the thread to a different color.  The thread would either break or it would bunch up on the bottom.  I made adjustment after adjustment.  I even Googled what could be wrong and tried all the suggestions there as well but it didn't help.  The only thing that seemed to work was to pause every few stitches to let the machine recover.  So I guess if you need to fix a hole or sew a hem in your clothes, it'll be perfect for that.  But if you're trying to do any kind of alterations beyond these basic clothing repairs, don't bother getting this machine."
"I bought this sewing machine about a week ago been using it for a couple of days now and I love it! I've made some really cute things for my baby already ( blanket, burp cloths, and bids )... I am by no means a professional this is actually my first time using a sewing machine and this machine is sooo simple and easy to use! and its super cute and small doesn't take up much space at all... It only does a straight stitch which is perfect for anyone like me just needing to fix clothes or doing simple sewing projects...I bought mine with the kit which I think is totally worth the extra $3... I totally recommend this product!"
Kept jamming. Returned. Bummed.
How can I know the size and the pitch of the machine
"Small, as expected. Have not used it yet."
Confusing to use at first but once you get the hang of it you become a speedy seamstress.
Perfect for a beginner
Very nice
missing cord and broke after first use
"It's very tiny, portable, and easy to store. It's difficult to thread the bottom, but no other complaints. You definitely get what you pay for."
Horrible!! Didn't work so I returned it. New one sent broke too. Don't waste your money
Amazing machine. Had to sew some canvas on my sailboat. No problem.
I am not pro at sewing so for me this cute little sewing machine works great. I have altered few of my dresses and it does the job. The only drawback is it sometimes moves while sewing..may be it is my fault as I am quite a novice at sewing. But overall very good purchase for me.
Not recommended because it is not durable. Only lasted for 6 months before breaking down.
Broken when it arrived and was not able to get it working.
"This machine is horrible.  I am an experienced seamstress and I own several machines.  However, I am currently visiting my daughter who does not sew but I wanted to make her some pillow covers and hem some pants while here.  I didn't want to invest a lot in a machine that would only be used during my visits.  This tension on the machine was adjusted to tight so that the thread broke constantly.  When I loosened the tension it skipped stitches.  There is no tension on the bobbin either.  The directions that came with it is very basic with out illustrations to guide you to make sure you are loading the bobbin correctly.  Very very disappointed."
Am so happy that I got my lil' sew & sew worked right out of the box! It took about 20 minutes to figure out how to threat it and what direction to feed the cloth. I made my first cosplay star wars rundisney skirt with the machine and it's great for my basic needs.
Smaller than expected but it works great and stores very easily
Just got it today and I love it. It works so much better than the first one I tried. The first one worked for a couple of minutes then quit. I did only try it for a few minutes but the instructions were a lot easier to understand and it sews at a much slower speed. I think it is going to work well for my 9 year old granddaughter that I am going to teach how to sew.
"Does not work, after threading will not sew fabric"
Within a month of purchase it started giving problem and stopped picking thread from the bobbin..
Fits in the palms of my hands. Toddlers can tote it. Works great so far.
Works as expected.
This was a Christmas gift to one of our granddaughters and we were very disappointed that it didn't work.  Did research into which one to buy and this one came with the highest stars and best reviews so we bought it.  We realize it is for a child but honestly you should be able to at least sew a straight line.  We are returning this one and we will just add about $40.00 to it and buy a very basic sewing machine.  At least that way they won't be so disappointed when they can't even do a simple pattern.
"arrived in the original box only with a mailing label on it.  The box says Mini Sewing Machine, does not indicate a brand, does not say Michle anywhere on the instructions, the machine or the box.  Limited instructions received along with extra bobbins and a threader.  In the two hours I have been working with it i have sewn two straight lines.  Now I can't get it to pick up the bottom thread.  I was hoping to to some basic sewing with it but not sure I will be keeping it.  But since I am currently iced in I will keep trying until it thaws.  Then I might return it."
"Good way for young children to learn sewing. Pretty safe proof - no way to get the needle into any fingers. Very basic but has the essentials. My granddaughters, 6 and 8, had no problems."
"I bought this for my 5 year old who wanted to have her own machine since she's been learning to sew a little.
Cons:
The hand wheel is extremely hard to turn. Even I have troubles making it turn because it doesn't stick out far enough from the machine to get a good hold on it.

Pros:
It can be powered with ""AA"" batteries which is convenient however I probably won't use it for safety with my 5 year old. I don't want it to be possible to accidentally turn on while she is carrying it to the kitchen table where we use it.
It comes threaded which was nice for teaching.
The seams it creates are even and secure but the stitches are pretty long (about 3/8 inch) so not great for more intricate projects.
Summary
It is obviously a very basic machine but works fine for our daughter as a starting machine. We were able to sew a doll pillow on it in the first 30 minutes we had it out."
Bought this for my granddaughter she is just learning how to sew and she just loves it. Very light weight made really good have not had anything break off. I do recommend this mini sewing machine. Very easy instructions to follow. It can do so much to be mini and comes with everything you need to get started.
would not stich
Bought these for Christmas gifts. Return door has closed. One is not working :(
This is great for learning. I have not had any problems with it!
Got exactly the item I whanted. Thanks!
"I purchased two of these for my granddaughters.  They liked them at first, but after a few minutes of sewing the threads on both machines started to break.  In the first 2 hours of use, my granddaughters had to re-thread no fewer than 6-8 times because the thread would break.  We are returning both machines for a refund.  Would not recommend."
Cheap. You get what you pay for I guess
I always wanted a sewing machine this 1 is GR888T its very neat it comes with a manual & that was handy I love it it stitches very good I've done some work with it & works fine love it soo much would buy 1 for a fren its not even heavy LUV IT
"Cool, but not awesome."
This was not as expected.
This machine is very small indeed and the thread keeps breaking. I retreaded the needle more than I sewed from this machine. I was only able to use it a couple of times. I will return it
granddaughter loved it and I tried it for her . very nice
Lots of accessories included for such a great price. Real deal sewing machine. Too bad it started smoking as soon as we plugged it in. The cord and all almost started on fire. Sending for a replacement.
The machine locks when you turn it on
only worked the first time and now it breaks the top thread and is no good
Broke after two times. Wish it had broken earlier. Now I can't return it as well.
"I used it for twice and after  3 months of not using it, it stopped working completely. Just waste of money."
Like it!
It gets stuck every now and then. bad product.
This is a toy sewing machine. I teach sewing to kids & adults and students with this machine fight an uphill battle to learn the basics. Be kind to yourself. For a little more money you can buy a full size sewing machine that is easy to thread and stitches consistently. This machine will be more trouble than it's worth.
Love it
I am not a seamstress.  Could not figure it out
I bought this for a very simple project. I needed to make 12 seams through some thing sheets. There's no backstitch. The thread broke constantly. The needle is wobbly. I like the little kit it came with but that's all.
I purchased this for my grandson for Christmas and gave it to him today.  It jams every time we tried to sew something and it is now too late to return or exchange it.  We are so very disappointed!
"Giving 4 stars because there is no reverse on the machine. While I wouldn't attempt making major projects on this little machine it works great out of the box and is perfect for a little one wanting to learn!!!

My sewing machine needed to be worked on just a week before Christmas when I had a few projects waiting to be worked on GAH.... I ordered this and plan on giving it to my 8 yr old who wants to sew but first wanted to test it out. Got those projects fixed in just a few minutes "
Presented as more than a toy.  It wasn't.
It is just perfect and easy to use.
"This thing is garbage, don't waste your money."
It does not work. The thread knots and breaks adjusting the tension does nothing. Don't buy it. I took too long to try it and now I can't return it. I'm stuck with this useless piece of garbage
i'm new to sewing and this came in very handy. I have been able to do some little dresses and skirts with this machine and its still up and running. definitely not fancy but very useful and durable. only for light sewing though.
For a small machine it works like a charm
"Had to superglue one of the guides back onto the machine. Fell off while sewing, which messed with tension, which messed up stitches. After I superglued the guide back on it seemed to work ok. Directions are not great, but found the help I needed on youtube. Once the machine is set up properly it works pretty well for the price."
"Great little machine. Cant beat the price and once you get the hang of it, it runs like a top. I don't know why so many negative reviews. Easy to set up and run"
Dont waste your money.
"I love it. It is small so fits on my desk but it is still good enough do be used on big project like my travel bag.
It is also my first one, so no comparison."
Runs well great for all my repairs
Terrible product. It does not work at all. Waste of money.
worked out great
"Awesome lil doohickey! Sewing fringes on my shirt doing great at that! All that's missing is a light by the needle. Other than that, great lil machine."
The only reason this is getting 2 stars is because it's a good starter machine for a little kid but I wanted a beginners sewing machine for myself and this isn't the one to start with. This doesn't lock in stitching so you're basically sewing materials for it to just fall apart when you're done because it doesn't backstitch. I liked the kit that it came with but I was very disappointed with the machine.
"For the price, this little sewing machine works great!  I'm a guy who needed a better option than my bad hand sewing skills, and this works great."
It works perfectly.
Cute machine. Mine didn't work (needle doesn't move) but I can't return it as it took me 3 years after ordering to try it out LOL.
Product loved by my niece who is going into theatrical makeup school next year after graduation this coming year.  This is a great started sewing machine with size as a convenience.
"I got my amazon shipment today. I had read some reviews but I was still very skeptical. I thought if it doesn't work, it's still worth a try as it is at an unbelievable low price. My requirement was a very basic sewing machine for basic mending. It did its basic job as expected. Test passed. I can see myself making some fun projects with it. It was very easy to start. Manual was very simple and easy to understand. I already fixed one of my new dress. I can't wait for weekend to have fun sewing."
Toy flimsy.
Great
It didn't work from the moment it got out of the box. It is cheap so go figure. Wont buy it again.
"Fell apart. Thread kept breaking, then the plastic part that holds the thread sheared off. In garbage."
horrible does not stitch well
Works great for small projects.
Small and handy sweing machine. Multi functions and profuct is very powerful
It is a toy no cross stitch and weak don't waste time unleas its for a toy
"Not even suitable for a veteran sewer much less a beginner. The bobbin threader didn't work and I got one that had been returned! Oh, the tension won't stay set either. You'd be better off sewing by hand.  I get a lot of good deals from Amazon, this isn't one of them."
"nice little machine functional, do the job!! I'm happy!! :)"
Cheap. No reverse to secure last stitches. No light. Returned it.
So far works great!
My wife is very happy with this mini sew machine.
"What a complete piece of dog poo this is! After hours of trying to make it work, it sewed only 3 short lines & never did again!!! I would have sent it back but would have cost more to return it. Total waist of money!!!"
good for beginners
"so bad. it was broken when it arrived, not work. I threw it out away."
This sewing machine did not work and when I receved it and tried to use it the tread was tangled all throughout the machine and the needle kept getting stuck I would not recommend this item.
Love ths little machine
"Such a cute crafting machine!! It does slip on table top: it's very lightweight.  A light would be nice (another model does have one.) Space under head is very tight: the length is about 8"". Everything is tiny!  Stitch size is a bit long and is not adjustable. To thread the needle pick up the little guy to get a better angle! Others complained about noise. It is a bit loud, but oil helped to quiet it a bit. Heavier gauge thread messed up tension! Sewing from bobbin position works best for me, but I place thread below tensioner to keep thread from looping around needle arm. It will stretch through 3 layers of lightweight terry cloth. There is no backstitch, but projects will be small, so turning fabric works easily to secure thread. I take this in on trips and visits. Very easy to transport and set up!"
pretty good little machine
cute for a beginer
Don't bother!  This one is very cheaply made and I agree with a lot of comments regarding the thread getting tangled. I've had high hopes on this one thinking I can teach my daughter how to sew on this one. I think I will just save a bit more and get her a small brother machine.
Excellent product
I love this...Perfect for small projects!!!
"This mini sewing machine surprisingly works very well. I did a little bit of research on other brands for sewing machine and I've read pretty much nice reviews for the quality (not to mention the good price) of this Michley sewing machine.

Pros: easy to carry, very light in weight
Can be electric or battery operated (4 pcs of AA needed)
Can sew via hand switch press button or  foot pedal to start
Comes with a spare needle, 4 bobbins, a threader and Operation Manual
Packaging is great and best part is, it works well 
My wife was able to repair my daughter's uniform, halloween costume and some other clothes since there's a thread ready to use.
Job done faster and better than hand stitching 

Cons:
-Because it is light in weight, feels like it's not sturdy enough. If the delivery guys are not that careful, a simple drop will cause a problem to this little machine. Probably the reason why some receive their purchase in bad condition. It basically needs more care so i suggest to put it back to the box after every use.
-The antenna-like on the top is not of good use for the thread. (Use the thread rewinder at the side instead)
-Batteries are not included but not that big issue since it come with a universal adapter.

Overall, great product and nothing can beat the price. So, I would definitely recommend this product :)"
"Gift for 6 year old granddaughter.  I helped her work on it, I was impressed with how well it worked and the features for the price.  She loves it!"
"When I first used it, it got over heated. So I let it cool off for a little bit and I tried it again. This time it started smoking. Yes  literal smoke was coming from it. It made my room smell terrible, it smelled like burning plastic. I don't recommend this at all, unless you want a machine that smokes and smells like burning plastic."
I am happy with it.
Had a little trouble setting it up.  The tension was set too high and kept breking the thread. But once I set properly it worked good. Wish it had a zig zag stich though.
"for small and light weight clothes, this is awesome."
Garbage.  Don't buy it.  It will frustrate your child and go right to the landfill.
NOT WORTH IT.. DOES NOT WORK FABRIC GETS STUCK.NO SEWING CAN BE DONE WITH THIS..
Arrived on time. Item as described.
Best little sewing machine for what I was using it for; piecing quilt squares. Works wonderful
Very handy little machine.  Easy to use!
This is junk DONT EVEN BOTHER... i read all tth reviews and figured it wouldnt hurt to try it for the price but its like throwing money away and adding frustration to life!
"I did not even get to use. Stopped working after test try. Will donate to Salvation Army or GoodWill or something, maybe they will have use for it."
"I bought this to sew together fleece liners for my guniea pig cage and the material was too thick for this machine.  Would work on very thin material, nothing else.  Returned item."
i have not tried this little honey yet.  but i like the looks and it seems like it would be easy to use.
"I like how small n easy to operate this thing is. I loved it without the pedal. The power on- off looked easier for a newbie like me. I hvnt used it on battery yet. But I'M having trouble stitching the double folds of fabric, which I needed for a Halloween costume alteration."
This sewing machine  is perfect for beginners or if you just need a way to be able to do minor hems or take ins on clothing.  Well worth the money!!!
"Never worked right, I tried several times and it just would bunch up the fabric. Judging by the people raving about this thing I guess I got a bad one, but it certainly isn't due to lack of knowledge of sewing machines because even the cheap ones I have owned in the past work way better than this."
I CANT FIGURE OUT HOW TO SEND IT BACK. ITS CHEAP AND A WASTE OF MONEY.
Waste of money. It works for few days only.
"Surprisingly, a GREAT little machine.  I don't know anything about sewing but really needed something.  Didn't want to pay a lot but wanted to be able to sew simple things.  Here it is.  I had trouble in the beginning knowing how to get started.  The manual sucks but found this video on YouTube that really helped. (Won't let me post a link)  Check out YouTube video ""Lil Sew and Sew Machine"".

[...]"
"The bobbin would threat with the needle, so no sewing happened. I tried and tried. Nothing worked. I'd like my money back."
Awful. Returned the next day.  Stay away from it
a+
This is a nice machine for beginners in sewing...
"I am a total beginner at sewing. I have used a sewing machine exactly 2 times before in my life, and it was under the strict watchful eye of my mom who eventually took over the projects because I as pretty terrible at it. But regardless of how poor I am at sewing, I still needed a way to do easily do repairs to my and my families clothes. This little machine was super easy to use, even for me who knows nothing about sewing. I took the advice of the other reviewers and watched an instructional video on Youtube (the one I used was titled ""Tutorial : How To Operate The Mini Sewing Machine "" by Syafa Saurus, which was a lifesaver and so easy to follow!). After watching the video about halfway through just to learn how to do the basics like winding the thread and replacing the bobbin, I was ready to go. I completed two of the easy repair projects I had been needing to do in less than an hour. I agree with other reviewers that I wish the machine went backwards. Because it is so small, it is really kind of difficult to get the correct angle sometimes. However, for my minimal usage, it works just fine and I am very happy to have it on hand."
"is useless, never knew, it is total waste of time and money!"
good
"...no harm, no foul though. I ordered this because of the price, the size, and the fact that it has two speeds. I got a ""used"" one (box was opened but still had all the parts and accessories) from Amazon Warehouse Deals. I still gave it 3 stars because of the possibility that I got a dud, because there are quite a few YouTube videos showing people using it successfully for light tasks like hemming jeans. We made several attempts, watched the manufacturer video, tried threading it the two different ways, and adjusted the tension 9 ways from Sunday and couldn't produce a seam at all. I am sending it back today but the return postage is free because I'm a Prime member. I find that a lot of techniques require precise control at lower speeds and I didn't want to introduce my 9-year-old to sewing on my full-size Brother machine because its speed control is rather temperamental. Oh well, I was still able to use it to point out all the basic elements of a sewing machine by comparison to the big one, and go through the threading process. It would be a great cheap starter machine if it were more reliable and user-friendly, and the ability to be powered by 4 AA batteries is an awesome feature too."
Exactly what I expected 
Read the review from hellopanda for instructions on adjusting gearing if you have a problem with catching the bobbin.
"I enjoy using it,small and helpful."
"Once you lose the thread or touch the tension, it's near impossible to get it going again :("
It worked for a while and then starting having issues. There is a Youtube video online that explains how to set it up and thread it. Just copy the name of it into youtube. It really sews though and my kiddo loved it.
"For $20 you get a sewing machine, many different colored threaded spools, extra needles, sewing tools, and electric scissors that actually work. I have sewed ripped pants, shorts, boxers, and curtains and all the repairs have held up. This machine 100% lets you see how a sewing machine works and operates. It may inspire you to invest in a more expensive machine, but for $20 you will not regret buying this machine and accessories first. Personally I have looked at more expensive machines, but the Lil Sew and Sew is all I need."
took a long time to get any sewing done..
"I bought this machine to do a couple small DIY projects -throw pillows and blankets- so I didn't want to spend a bunch of money. After messing with it (and growling and cursing) my hubs comes in and laughs that it's just a toy not a real machine. All it does is jam, it does not grab the bobbin and you get 2-3 stitches at a time. Don't recommend..."
Ok.
Goog
This little guy works amazing .  I would recommend looking an some videos on youtube to help understand how to use it.
Great buy at a reasonable price! Excellent for first machine or taking on the go.
"I've had TWO of these machines completely break down on me after two used. The bobbins get totally knotted up and the needle jams, with no clear fix for either problem. I'm very new to sewing machines, and I appreciate the cheap price, but it's a complete waste of almost $20. Save up a little more and get a reliable, simple machine for $50-$70 instead."
It works just like it says it will
ZERO stars!!!!  Feather light not good when your trying to sew. Absolutely no stability. We started sewing on with the same sample piece of fabric that was under the pressure foot from manufacturer and it jammed immediately. I was unable to free the jam.
"Its small but still a real sewing machine
Not a toy
Watch kids like a hawk it can get away from you.
My foot pedal doesn't work...
....so you gotta be quick with the on and off switch.
Don't let the thread get too tight or it will snap.
But it does quick hems well.
Little jobs are fast and efficient."
I got it to sew once and never again after that.... i have no idea how to get it working and it is extremely infuriating considering it worked initially and as soon as i put in the next material..... nothing... now i would like to add I'm surrounded by people who have sewn for a living and they have all tried to make it work and no success... i don't rate it lower because i love the idea of a machine this small and both battery and electric as well as manual or automatic it just needs to be a bit more effective
Didn't work
"Haven't tried it yet but I'm excited
Look just like the picture"
This thing is worth about 10 bucks.  It's lifespan is around 2 hours. After that it becomes a time sink trying to get it to work properly again. Just pay a tailor or save for a better machine. It's not worth the struggle to save a few bucks
"Not sure why all the negative reviews. My machine came with a small piece of fabric with stitches and it was already threaded. I believe the fabric was there since they tested it before sending it out.
I used it to make pillowcases with a soft flannel material. It worked really well. The thread came loose at one point but it was easy to rethread. I think it was due to the tension as one other reviewer pointed out.
This is a great machine for small jobs and beginner sewers like myself."
"This thing might as well be actual garbage.

Manual is online only, and is not particularly through.

Breaks thread frequently. Drops stitches.

Basically only worthwhile for tiny jobs."
Don't know if it was the product that I got shipped but it did not work at all.  The product was suppose to be new but the box looked opened and the sewing machine had something clunking around in it.  The needle would go up manually but never went up out of the material when running (probably due to a broken part inside).  You get what you pay for.  Totally disappointed.
Sews me perfectly this very light charm
"Only used it a couple times so far, and honostly I have not used a sewing machine in about 25 years since home ec class so this was pretty easy to use, some of the reviews said it was hard to thread but i found it not to bad.  My only issue with it is that it does not weigh very much and does not have suction cups or sticky bottom so when pushing items through it wants to move on the table like spin in a circle very minor but did make it hard to get a really straight seam. so I would not plan on making a wedding dress on this thing but for quick little sewing items like fixing a pillow case or such it works pretty well.  I would recommend it to anyone for use on those little fixer upper seams and what not."
small and cute. good for small projects
working fine
Great for kids to use to learn but not to actually sew something you want to use.
"I knew it was going to be small but this thing might as well be doll sized. I can't use it for nearly anything, simply because I can't get enough fabric through the small area we are provided. It is small and convenient for space and quick fixes of perhaps loose shirts or small things but pants, especially jeans, or making clothing is out of the question."
"I bought this for a 7 yr old, only to realize it's for adults.  Is quiet fast. Works beautifully."
"nice product but made out of Plastic completely, not easy to use and not steady, very hard to work with long/large linen"
"Fun to learn on but a bit small for my meat hooks. I will need another larger machine soon.

I needed a machine for repairs and for sewing cuffs on too long hunting bibs and pants. Perfect."
Got it for my girlfriend for craft purposes. She loves it.
Well I am new to the game and read the instruction manual (I rarely do) and it is really easy and so far I've saved myself (after costs) $5 and I kinda like sewing I've altered all my pants and jackets and fixed a lot of stuff that needed to be done. It's a work in progress though.
That product doesnt work
Not for beginner but good for patch work
"Love thisn it does what it should do, easy stitches and small craft. This is not intended to do full sewing projects is that what your looking for then don't get it. If you just want to kill time and do just easy things then is the product for you or your teen."
Easily broken down within several gentle usage. Less support available. Highly not recommended.
Perfect for small jobs. Very compact
"Is not working you can not adjust the bobbin,  tension. I am really disappointed. Do not waist your money"
"This Item is not functioning well,is not weaving cloths.kindly help or I will return it."
Accessories with sewing machine is good. Machine is very handy and light weight but gap is very less so thick clothes are out for this.
It does not work efficiently and makes a lot of noise. It's better to invest in a proper full size model
It work for a few days then the stitches never seem to come out right.
A really delightful little sewing machine that is handy for quick little fixes and projects!  Surprisingly versatile.  Nice addition to the sewing room.
"This thing is mostly a piece of crap. :D But a potentially USEFUL piece of crap if you can figure out how to make it work in your favor.

It CAN sew through zippers, vinyl, and at least two layers of felt, so this is a plus. But the thread keeps getting unhooked from the needle and the food pedal will randomly speed up with no warning.

Can use batteries. Have not attempted this feature. But the option is there.

Successfully made slightly wonky candy wrapper coin purses with this thing, though."
"nice portable size, easy to use if only it would actually sew"
"The sewing machine is worth $20. The kit that comes with the sewing machine is kind of cheap and dollar store-ish but what do you expect it's only $20. I don't recommend this machine for big jobs such as altering clothes, which is why I thought it.  I will attach the dress that I altered with the machine. I recommend this  Machine for stitching clothes that have ripped or tour and you love them so much but you don't want to spend money fixing them.  The machine only has one stitching pattern.  It doesn't do well with thick fabric.  The manual is really hard to understand but if you you to the product there is a YouTube tutorial on how to use it which was how I figured out how to use it .  This is my first sewing machine and this is great for beginners."
at first it worked well. seems powerful and sewed nicely. 2 days in and the bottom mechanics would no longer pickup the bottom thread. Cant return because I no longer had the box. Waste of money and my daughter was super sad!
Cannot get tension set right for the stitches
"My daughter  loves  it.  The product is very compact and works well,"
Recieved an staple kind of stitching machine.. Instead of this one.. Need to order again
A little loud but works great
"Michley-Tivax (maker) had a very good customer service. Very happy buying this "" Lil' Sew & Sew"""
"It did the job!  It's a little too small but for this prize is acceptable. Good for mending clothes, not for making clothes."
The bottom thread does not work. I had to return the product.
"I had a chance to get this out and start a small project today. Within a few short uses, it is having all kinds of problems. There is a small chip in the plastic interfering with the motion. There seems to be a bobbin issue, but there are no instructions on accessing the bobbin case. It won't catch and stitch at all now, and I cannot figure out how to get it to work or access the bobbin. No instructions, cheaply made, and frustrating to use."
This is a terrible product.  It never worked from the beginning.
Nice compact and east to use. Very portable. This little machine is definitely a bargain. It can handle small to medium sized jobs.
Foot pedal is not working otherwise its was ok
"I bought this machine so I could work on little projects. It didn't work AT ALL! Every time I pressed the foot pedal the nedal would unthread. I never successfully made one stitch, not even a messy one! I would not waist your money buying this ridiculous machine. It has no substitute purpose so if you get it you'll end up throwing it in the landfill. Seriously DO NOT GET THIS ""SEWING"" MACHINE!"
"I hate this product . It broke on me when trying to change the thread color. Need tier instructions on how to do things with it like change needle, thread ect. And also have to the same name for each thing as same on instructions sheet. The s*** didn't even match !  It had me all frustrated so I threw it away"
It is good for a university student.
Cheap quality string hard to replace
"It was great, then it stopped working."
Piece of crap
Very soft
You get what you pay for. This is finance to introduce a young sewer to the parts and general function. Use small scraps. Thread gets tangled and the tension knob broke. Not a long term device.
Only had two speeds. Fast and really fast. Hard for me to adjust to because I'm a beginner .
Love this little guy! I make bandanas for my dogs and it's perfect for that! Was a little worried after reading a few negative reviews but I have been extremely pleased!
Spent a couple hours trying to get this to work.  Got help it still wasn't that great but I couldn't really expect too much for the price.
Great product easy yo use. Made curtains without any issue!
Didn't work right. Messed up everytime!
I am returning. Bottom threads do not catch. There is no Manuel for fixing things on the machine just how to use it.
Not at all suitable to use. So flimpsy
I didn't need a full size sewing machine.  This compact size takes little space and is handy for mending and hemming.
Perfect Beginner's sewing machine for light tailoring.
"I deleted my previous review on this. Mine works but had tension problems out of the box. Still I bought another sewing machine and didn't take it out of the box for months because I kept using this. I like the size! I don't like the tension needing constant adjusting.

- it didn't have a light - I taped a dollar store led light on it.
- it doesn't have reverse - you have to stop the machine, put the needle down and turn the fabric around. (Always start sewing and afer 1/2 inch go in reverse then after 1/2 inch go forward again to lock you stitches at beginning and end of your sewing.)

However, it works for me and I've sewn a lot on it. I recently bought a Brother XR3774 for $118 that sews perfectly and has no tension problems. But it's a boat. The Lil Sew and Sew is tiny and easier to grab. I finally pulled out the Mint Janome because it's smaller than the Brother and tried it - I'll use it since it's smaller. But I really like the size of this sew and sew which is the much smaller and lighter of the 3.

Crazy as it seems, I've considered spinning the roulette wheel for $15 bucks on this and buying another and hopping for no tension problems - because this is so utterly light and easy to use.  Update: I'm not going back to it. My mint Janome is my main machine because of size and my Brother is hanging around with black thread in it to use instead of re-threading the Janome when I need black. If you don't have money, fine buy this cheapy but get ready to learn to adjust tension every foot you sew. It has no light and no reverse. The foot pedal is so small I used it as a hand pedal and placed it next to the machine. I did sew a whole lot with this and I adored it until I got my far better machines that require no tension adjusting, have reverse etc. If you can, spend the extra - ear mark your next gob of cash - pay check etc. to buy a decent machine and pick something that gave 5 stars in 90 percent of the reviews. This one is spinning a roulette wheel and doesn't work for half of reviewers."
"Immediately not happy. The picture clearly shows a white machine with blue knobs. The one that came has purple knobs. This is for a little boy and, while I don't subscribe to gender specific colors, he is already susceptible to teasing for wanting to sew. He doesn't need a purple sewing machine to make it worse. I'm not happy."
"In my first use, it got broken. Very bad quality material used."
"This is a complete 10 out of 10!! I don't know why some of the other people got faulty machines, but mine was perfect!! It was already threaded and I didn't even have to mess with the bobbin tension I took it out of the box and it was ready to be used!! The electric scissors are amazing and the colors in the threads are a nice bonus to the machine!! I can't believe this little machine!! It doesn't do as much as my big machine of course, but I made this dress in less than in hour with this little sew & sew!! I haven't gotten so much for $20 in a long time!!  "
Not good quality
"This machine is perfect for my 11-year-old girl. She loves it and is very satisfied with it. She makes pillows. I also used it to sew clothes for myself. It's super adorable. Good quality for such a low price. It's for simple and beginner sewing, though. Definitely not for complicated sewing."
"Will only see on cotton fabrics.  If the fabric has any stretch to it,  the machine will break the thread and tangle it up in a knot on the underside.  I bought this as a basic starter machine to help my kids learn to sew but this one has so many problems they can't use it.  It won't even repair the hem on my work slacks because the fabric is too soft."
"My daughter and niece loves it, even though it is really small!!!"
"This machine is the worst thing ever. I don't know why I wasted my $20,  I should've just bought a real sewing machine. Despite all the bad comments I went ahead and purchase this machine and from the day I got it with the red material that they sent with it and I used it and it worked. Never had it worked on my clothes. I mean really think clothes too. The threading keeps jumping out and no matter how I try to get it right it never seems to work. One thread is finished because of how much time I tried using this dumb machine. You people need to stop selling stuff that doesn't work. It's very irritating."
Works exactly as I expected it would! Perfect for minor jobs!
It's okay for needing something small but stitch is not the best.
This little thing is the real deal. Bought it for my daughter for Xmas. She loves it. Yes it works! She is 9.
this is a private purchuse
it does what it does for the price. it sews nothing more nothing less. don't expect a twenty dollar sewing machine to do what a five hundred dollar machine does. but if you need just to sew. this is a grea little unit. full instructions with it. had no problem.
"I never completed the first stitch with this machine. After MANY attempts to thread the bottom bobbin with the color thread I wanted, I could never get it to work right. I checked all the how to videos on you tube, tried everything in the book, to no avail. All in all I'd say this machine is a real piece of junk. Wouldn't even make a good boat anchor."
"I've tried using this on thick fabric, I've tried using this on thin fabric, it doesn't want to continuously sew anything and the string is either very cheap or it catches too easily. So it's always tearing. And when it manages not to tear the thread, it sews 20% of the time... Definitely junk"
"Decided to go ahead and get it, based on mixed reviews. After a little set up and fiddling, it works like a charm! Great for any beginner. Only issue I've found is that the thread tends to come undone, but can be fixed by pulling out some extra."
Needs a tension adjustment. Constantly needing to be rethreaded.
"Not even worth it!  It is what the ""Easy Bake Oven"" is to oven's. This mini sewing machine, is to sewing machines.  Unless you getting this for your child to learn on, don't even bother wasting your time."
Works better than expected. Works on thin shirts and jeans. Very simple and good for a first machine.
"this is cheap, and will not sew for more than a few stitches before I have to take out the whole bottom from huge knots."
It stopped halfway through and kept getting stuck.
Worst machine used in life you take 4x as long to get something done. Skips a lot of stiching and un threads it's self while you are running the machine. This is for practice of to see if sewing for you. Doesn't see on all fabrics like it said if it is too this or thin like a knit shirt it will skip or not even see it. I have been sewing since like 6 th grade I'm finishing collage. That bought time to realize that it's better to purchase a $50 machine then this crap. The bottom rubber the is to hold the machine in place are like a crappy fleece that make it slide even more. To the point I got off my chair and it slipped to the floor.
I asked if these would be able good to hem denim i was told yes come to fond out no this will not work even with a needle specifically for denim not only that any other material i put in gets jammed very quickly
Works great for taking in shirts. Great item especially for the price. I'm a beginner at sewing and it wasn't hard at all to use it.
"This is the perfect mini sewing machine, I could not ask for a better sewing tool for 15.00. My eleven year old has so much fun with making little projects like bags and such."
A piece of the machine fell off the first time I use it.
"Great device, delivered as promised and works great."
You get what you pay for.  Need I say more?
"I used this to sew reflective strips to my work pants.  It went through some pretty thick stuff with no problem.  You can easily hem, anything. The stitch is tight and looks awesome.  I have never sewn anything, but this was too easy. I'd suggest watching the video first to know how to thread it. I couldn't be happier."
Love this lil sewing machine. Great for repairs  or small projects way better than sewing genie and all others.
Bought for my 11 year old. Very easy to use and she loves it. Doesn't look extremely durable but exceeds expectations for a 20 dollar sewing machine
With this price you should not ask too much. It has the basic functions which just enough for me to use.
"This is my first time using/touching a sewing machine. I love it, its so easy to use. I bought it for making adjustments to clothes and its perfect for that. The stitch is extremely neat. I bought it as a necessity but it's so smooth to use that I am feeling exciting about pursuing bigger projects with this."
"I was hesitant at first but I like this little sewing machine! I got it for doing small alterations on my clothes and have never used a sewing machine before. This was pretty easy to thread, very straightforward instructions and the sewing kit and electric scissors included are also great."
Granddaughter caught on to using this right away.  Has had it for 7 mos.  no problems.  Great for preteens we want to learn to sew.
Good product perfect for learning
omg what a cute little machine  ..got it to patch my work shirts ..laughed my butt off while doing it ...cant you just see a 53 year old man sitting at kitchen table sewing lol... cant go wrong
great little machine.  and the price...its just icing on the cake!  i used for a camping tarp of nylon. has a high and low speed which makes it so easy to use.  super small and lightweight.  great for a person who doesn't want to commit to a permanent setup.  this thing fits in a shoe box!  it did a excellent job. nuff said.
This mini sewing machine works great!
I would purchase this again when needed....I highly recommend this product
Broke after 2 weeks of use.
"I thought this would be good to make small things with.  Very wrong it doesn't go more than 5 seconds without getting jammed up.  Would not recommend this,complete waste of money ."
"This model is useful if one knows its limitations. It is a more convenient, sturdier version of a 'hand held' machine, useful mainly for repairs, such as fixing a seam that ripped. It has no markers for seam size - one cannot 'line up' material for a certain width. Though it is durable enough to stitch full seams, one would need to mark the width to keep the seam even.
I am a very experienced seamstress, but live in a small apartment - dragging out my sewing machine for mere repairs is difficult. I like owning this little model for those little jobs. I therefore find it valuable, and well worth the price. But it is too limited for making a dress (or even curtains), and does not have the features one would need for making clothing, so I cannot see it as a model that one could use in order to learn sewing. Its stability, foot pedal, and placement of the needle is far better than trying to use a 'hand-held' model."
"We had a small sewing project and didn't want to spend 100+ for a professional machines. This thing did just what we needed and sewed together the seams on a 20 foot velvet curtain. It's small, compact, lightweight, functional and most importantly.... cheap! Highly recommend these."
This was a purchase that I made hoping to get my granddaughters introduced to sewing. Poor quality. I have decided to just look for them a full sized used one like mine. It sews perfectly every time.
Good
Product worked for only a day .
"Very good one , fast and quick to finish our work"
"This is very compact, yet good enough for daily minimal use. Bought this to create costumes for my organization's performance. Great low cost, and great help! I even can take this to the theater if necessary, for the final fix!"
Small but gets the job done!
Everything was as described. It works perfectly.
"Pretty simple to use, I wish it had a light and a reverse, but then I should have gotten a real machine. I would say this is great for kids, on the go, little projects and DIY sewing stuffs. Not much to complain about. Over all a great little sewing machine!"
its good service and thanks.
Donated to a senior citizen group and they loved it
good for quick fixes but got jammed quite often .
I can easily use thus sewing machine without worry
"Machine does everything I need it for.  Being a senior citizen, I had to down size and this little machine is perfect for what I need now."
I am unable to get this product to work.  My granddaughter got it as a gift.  The tension is a major problem.  We are tearing stitching out faster than we are putting them in.  I am an experienced at sewing and have even made my wedding gown but I am unable to make this machine function.
Pure junk. worked for few months and then failed. Stopped working.
It was awful.  I wasn't able to see a single stitch with it.  The instructions aren't even complete.  I am totally disappointed.
"This Machine is exactly what we needed.

Pros - Gets small Jobs/ Odd Jobs done real quick and conveniently. Also the speed settings lets you control the way stitches  are laid out close knit or spaced.

Cons - Can be bit loud or startling."
I threw it in garbage. I rather use my hand sewing.
Well worth the 10 dollars :)
"Does the job!  I bought it to make small projects around the house, pillow cases, tutus, etc.  Watched a video on you tube to teach me and it was great!"
"I made 2 pillows and the needle broke. It lasted approximately 1 week from the time I received it. be aware, even for small projects it is probably a waste of money"
"I haven't used it yet but it came with great instructions and quality looks great for its size. I'm a complete beginner and this will be the first sewing machine. I didn't want to spend a lot incase I didn't end up picking up the skill. For the price, it's a good product."
"This small machine is a beast. Along with the fast cutter, this entire product is a bargain."
"It was  what I expected,  it performs as a full sized machine  It arrived  pretty fast and came already  threaded with  a patch of fabric  to sample.  Only draw back is I had read thread  often.  It might be  because  the bobbin or it kept catching on a loop. I don't recommend this to those who not used to sewing machines."
"Good product! I don't usually read guides, but the guide that came with it is written clearly. However,  there are a couple of things that are wrong. For example, when you thread the bottom bobbin, you do NOT turn clockwise, you turn counterclockwise. You can actually see the top thread being pushed down and around to loop the bottom bobbin. After you see the bottom thread looped around the top thread (which should have been threaded properly, and the top thread needs to be slid below the foot petal, while the foot pedal is lifted), and it's pulling it up out of the bobbin compartment, you want to use the threader tool that came with the machine to move both threads behind the machine, separated. After that, you need to pull the threads at least 10 inches (so the instructions say, but I've been successful with 2), and you are ready to start stitching.

The reason why I gave this machine 5 stars? I'm a guy (20), and I keep it simple. I've never stitched before this, and I really appreciate the ease of use and simplicity that comes with this machine. I don't need 40 different type of patterns or anything, I just need to make a simple stitch. This will save me a couple hundred dollars a year because I tend to wash my clothes heavy duty, and that also ruins the stitching after about 4 months or so. I bought sheets for my bed that were delicate wash only (but of course, I didn't read the instructions), and I did not change the dial from heavy duty to delicate. No pilling, but I ended up ruined the stitching and was pretty distraught. The sheets cost about 50 dollars on sale, so this machine has already paid for itself threefold."
Amazing
"It doesn't go through much, but for light sewing it works as expected."
No instruction manual was included with this machine and when I tried to rethread the bobbin for inside the machine it now doesn't stitch correctly and since there is no manual I can't even look to see how to make adjustments to tighten the darn thing.
"It is a nice small sewing machine but the line keeps breaking and keeps make knots, so it is not a smooth ride."
"I am a bit rusty because I haven't sewn in a while but I didn't forget how to use a sewing machine. All I wanted to do was show my daughter how to see a straight line. I figured using the scrap fabric that came with the machine would be perfect for practice, but as far as what's wrong with it I don't know. It stitches the first stitch and then somehow the thread gets pulled from the needle and it just creates knots... In frustrated and I have a bigger machine, I just thought this would be a perfect beginner machine for my daughter. I have 3 other mothers interested in purchasing for their little ones so they can learn together as a group, but I will be warning them against purchasing this product. Unless it starts working miraculously.

I have updated my one start to two stars because it finally started working, but I still have to rethread after each line which is frustrating."
The bottom thread just doesnt go with the stitches!
"What a great little machine! It is super cute, super small and it works! I have never used a sewing machine before and I was able to get this little thing to work at the first shot after watching some instruction videos. Heck, even my husband could use it the first time. It works and does the job it says it does... one simple stitch and two speeds. Of course you have to be competent in using it and don't expect to be performing like a full size machine."
"Works well. Very nice, lightweight and portable with the four AA battery setup. No reverse but a good little machine for the price for sure."
It was very easy setup. Love using it. Sometimes it jams though. So just move gray lever up then resume.
did not do what i expected.
"This little machine works perfectly for me. I needed to hem some unfinished pants and it accomplished that perfectly for less than I would have had to spend to get them professionally done. Threading is easy. I watched the Youtube video, just search LSS-202. Now as with every sewing machine, you will need to tinker with the tension to get it just right. All in all this was a steal. The machine even came pre-threaded!"
"It's ok, it kind of skips stitches for me on the underside or has big loose stitches that look ugly. Maybe I need to play with it some more."
"Not a great machine, bought 2 of them for my daughter's for christmas. It continues to get jammed, the bobbin wonder does not work and the bobbin casing came broke in one of them. No light on it to see what ur doing and it also breaks the string continuously my girls would rather hand sew than to use this machine"
This item would be ok if it would only stay threaded! I've read instructions and re-threaded it many times but it is of no use if the thread keeps coming out! I only bought it for small hemming jobs but I ended up hand-hemming 2 skirts. I do not recommend this item.
I was using it for my first time and when I step on the pedal it  mayed a very bad noise and a bad smock smeel what shoud we bo!!!!
I use this to fix holes in my sleep pants or to make little dolls. It is easy to use if you follow the instructions! I love this little thing.
Broke the first week i had it.
Arrived broken
it was very ok
"Awful. Just got it and was broke out of the box. It did stitch, but would stop by itself every few stitches and just jam up. Not sure what the issue is, but I wanted a small machine for my granddaughter, but this is definitely not it. It will be going back and I guess I'll just get a small brother machine. I've been pleased with mine and hopefully with a good machine she can have it for years to come. I should have gone with my instincts, but thought for the price..."
"Doesn't work. Watched 3 videos, scoured the manual, and no matter what, the thread won't pull from the bobbin. Should've listened to other reviews. Waste of money and time. Returning."
Is broken
"I was so excited with this purchase. I wanted to make a new tablecloth for my table. Just a little project with not much work. Everything was doing fine until after the second time I used it, something happened and I'm unable to use it anymore. If I had any idea how to fix this. I really liked this. I feel so disappointed"
"Awesome little machine. I never thought it will be so handy and amazing. I have made pillow covers and bed skirt with this. When i started making the pillow cover, i first started sewing it manually but it took me 3 days and lot of stress to complete. That is when i thought of giving this little inexpensive machine a try. Its very easy to use and just FYI i haven't ever used any sewing machine neither i have any experience with sewing."
very hard to set up and the instruction manual lacks in details.
Really not worth it!
"Junky, returned for a better machine.
I appreciate other purchasers' reviews and that is why I choose to write reviews.  Amazon reviews help me choose which products to buy.  I sort product choices by Average Customer Review to help decide which item to choose.  I have found customer reviews to be very helpful and hope that I am paying it forward by providing this review."
"I have to say I was very impressed with this product, I love how lightweight and portable this little sewing machine is. It has all the functions you would see with your standard sewing machine. However I do think it would be neat to have a small booklet on different stitches and maybe a couple different craft ideas to do with your sewing, I still think it's great my opinion is the added feature or something similar to this idea would maybe make it a little more appealing! I think anyone who purchases this product will be very happy!"
"Once I finally figured this little machine out it works perfectly fine. Everyone having problems are clearly incompetent. I watched 1 Youtube video, read the directions, and fiddled around. I am currently using the thread that came with the machine and it works fine. It isn't old, or cheap feeling. Works fine. I will say I had a really hard time getting it to work, but once I did I now know how to always get it to work. Let me help you with typical problems.

It is important to thread it correctly. You MUST put the thread in between the two metal plates that stick out the front of the machine. The knob controls the plates. That knob is how you adjust the thread tension. THIS IS KEY!! The machine won't work at all without proper tension. Also despite what others have said (again they clearly haven't even read the directions) there is in fact a bobbin. It is housed in the compartment under the needle. Just slide the plate off. Anyway, the bobbin does not need to be adjusted for tension!

How to fix the tension and get the machine to work! Also, how to prevent the thread breaking. First get a scrap of the fabric from the project you will currently be sewing. From there it's trial and error. Start out with loose thread tension and then slowly tighten until the stitches are how you want them. LOOSE TENSION RESULTS IN BUNCHING THREAD ON THE UNDERSIDE!!! I could not figure out why my thread was bunching at the bottom. Turned out I needed to make my thread tension waaaayyyy tighter then I ever thought. Very important to adjust the thread tension to match the material you are working with. Different thicknesses of materials will effect the thread tension that you need.

If your thread is too tall just transfer some of the thread off onto a bobbin. You can use any bobbin for the top thread, so you don't have to use the ones that come with the kit. Bobbins are short enough to fit on the little thread stick without flying off.

If you press the ""on/off"" button lightly and not push the button all the way in you can easily use the machine without a foot pedal. Applying light pressure starts the machine and just removing your finger turns it off. If you push all the way in it will continuously sew until you push it all the way again.

It's cute, light weight, portable and it works. My stitches do not skip, my thread does not break, my machine does not jam. It is the EXACT same one that everyone else had received. The only reason it didn't work for them is the fact that they didn't do the right thing to fix their problem. There's really only one way to fix this machine (the thread tension knob), so honestly I don't know why they are having so many issues. Watch the youtube video (mentioned in another review) and don't give up! Just keep adjusting that knob until it works perfect. Because honestly it works just as well as my $400 machine that's just too bulky to keep out all the time.

I give 4 stars for 2 reasons.
1. There is no backstitch button to allow you to seal the first stitch. This kinda sucks. You can of course just go over the end spots a few times my manually lifting the fabric and adjusting the positioning.
2. It did take me about an hour to work out the thread tension issue."
"I was very excited about this purchase so I could start making headbands for my daughter. When I opened the box, everything looked great. I detached the piece of fabric it had come with, and tried to sew a tester piece. I could never get the bobbin to pick up the thread. Very disappointed. Amazon returned my money very quickly."
good for me.
"great sewing machine for the money. I have a complete machine, and of course, this mini version is only for beginners or for the simplest work. Being in another country, I do not want to leave a hobby, and therefore ordered it. Typewriter bit should be set (thread tension), and she starts to sew good! that's what we have left. and I think now it will always be with me on long journeys! Thanks Amazon prime for fast free shipping just for a day! This kitten was made with this mini sewing machine)"
Dang thing could not even stitch without getting all tangled up once... Total junk
"I haven't sewn in years and just wanted something small srijnd the house for odd jobs and projects and this does the job. It's less than $20, so I wasn't expecting it to be top of the line, but for  it's price it's outstanding. I was able to hem a dress and sew in a patch with no issue andnim a beginner. If you're looking for something amazing, save up for a full size. For small projects and little emergences, you can't do much better."
"This has so far worked fine, stitches have the correct continuous pattern and the threads are neither no tight or loose. IT would be good to have several instructional videos in youtube if the manufacturer can publish it?"
"This is definitely a good machine for first time sewers.  I wanted something simple and small and this device fits what I was looking for.  There was easy to follow instructions. The only thing i have to say is, i did have to google or watch youtube videos bc the underseem kept  knotting up and couldn't figure what I did wrong, but finally got it figured out."
"I bought this little guy to teach me how to sew. After watching tutorials, I finally was ready to start learning. The bottom thread kept becoming a nasty rats nest of knots and the needle kept sticking. I thought I was just terrible at sewing, but  my friend came over to show me what I was doing wrong and he determined it was just a crappy machine...... So I guess I need to get a nicer, more expensive machine. Looks like you really do get what you pay for."
I got this for my kids to use I never had a nuff power to to do the work
"AWFUL! SIMPLY AWFUL! DOES NOT WORK. DO NOT BUY IT'S NOT WORTH IT. I was so disappointed, I bought it thinking my daughter could use it and tried everything I could do get it to work correctly and nothing helped."
It's an awesome product... Easy to use.
Funny but it works with small projects..i love this product.
It work fine  don't get me wrong don't work like a the big machines but still  it does work  so worth the price
I broke two seconds after I used it
"Ooh, yeah! All right!
We're jammin':
I wanna jam it wid you.
We're jammin', jammin',
And I hope you like jammin', too.

Ain't no rules, ain't no vow, we can do it anyhow:
I'n'I will see you through,
'Cos everyday we pay the price with a little sacrifice,
Jammin' till the jam is through.

We're jammin' -
To think that jammin' was a thing of the past;
We're jammin',
And I hope this jam aint gonna last."
just junk
"Don't waste your money!  This machine is more frustrating than it's worth.  I bought this for my daughter for Christmas, so she could start dabbling in sewing....  I ended up tossing this thing in the garbage and buying a new machine from Hancock Fabric."
"Works good for a few days, then just broke. Not good if you're sewing alot."
"For for my7 yr old granddaughter
 I see a lot. Was easy for her6to use highly recommend"
Didn't work
Used it once and it failed. Company was gracious enough to refund my money less restocking fee.
Good
This was a gift for my granddaughter. She is learning how to sew and is very happy about it.
"This is my first sewing machine, so my review will not be helpful to anyone looking for a machine with advanced features. However, It does everything I need it to. It sews only one type of stitch, winds bobbins, and has a foot pedal. It's quite mighty for its size, too. I wasn't going to write a review until today when I used it to sew a strip of Velcro onto a layer of PUL and a layer of cotton. I was very impressed that it could sew through PUL at all. I've been using it to make cloth menstrual pads and wet bags, so if you're looking to do something as simple like that, this is a perfect machine for the price. I'm very happy with it, except that it does not have a reverse function, so closing everything up takes a little bit longer. I would give it five stars if it had a reverse function, but for the price, it is a very dependable machine."
"Teeny tiniest thing ever.
Works but it does not stitch straight. You're gonna need skill to make that happen"
Nice and small
"I went back and forth on whether or not to buy this for my 5 year old. The reviews weren't great, but it was a simple and inexpensive model so I took the risk.

The one thing my daughter kept asking for Christmas was a sewing machine. But with any child it's hard to say how long their ""interest"" would last. So I went with this model vs a better sewing machine because I wanted to test the waters without dropping $50-100

I'm an avid sewer and this machine is very basic. I had to take an hour going over the user manual because it operates nothing like a normal machine. There is NO tie off or back stitch, which would be so handy. Not sure who can use a sewing machine without the ability to secure the stitches especially since it is a long stitch length. It's actually more difficult, in my opinion, than a regular machine.

It served its purpose for what I needed. She still enjoys sewing so I will be investing in a better machine for her knowing now she will use it. I don't want her learning on this one because it does not teach her how to use a real one. If she learned on this one and I got her a new one down the road I would have to re-teach her how to use a machine. It's that different. Even though I have to buy a new machine for her, I feel like the $15 was worth testing the waters for her. I don't feel like I lost money by purchasing this machine."
"Super easy to learn to use.  Watched a tutorial on youtube and it works great for a last minute sewing fix or for costume making.  Wish it had a few more stitch options but can easily make do and do multiple rows of stitching next to each other if you want a stronger hold.  If you are looking for a cheap small sewing machine and don't have the money for a nice fancy one, this works great!"
i never got this product but what i did get was a cute little sewing kit.
Great little sewing machine!!!
This is cheaply made and won't stay together.
A little light but so practice
It works! Hard to believe an old man like me can still learn a craft without spending a lot of money. Made curtains. What's next?
Great sell.
"This is a tiny lightweight sewing machine, and I love it. I use it when I'm making tiny doll clothes or other small projects. Is it easy to use? Once you get the tension set right, it is. The tension is an old fashioned method of turning that blue dial on the top one way or another, and I must admit, I'm spoiled by modern computerized sewing machines in that aspect. It doesn't sew good with thicker fabrics, but it does sew like a regular sewing machine. It's not made for heavy-duty sewing though. I love the fact that I can sew by hand turning the wheel, using the foot pedal that comes with it, or just letting the machine sew on one of its two speeds. This model can with electric scissors - there are better, more heavy duty ones out there, but these work fine - and lots of thread and filled bobbins plus scissors, etc. The threads are cheap, but you get what you pay for, and to have the bobbins already filled is very nice. I recommend this for small sewing projects, beginner sewers, or anyone who wants a second machine so they don't have to constantly change the threads in a project. It's a simple machine, so it doesn't zigzag or do other fancy stitches."
My grandkids absolutely love this machine. They have made many cute things and really keeps them occupied for hours. It seems to be vere easy to use. Their mother was very impressed . Said she would use  it for small repair jobs. Well worth the money.
"Great little sewing machine. It's the first time I used a sewing machine and am having next to no problems. The only thing is that the thread keeps coming out of the needle, but that may have something to do with the tension."
"Worst form of sewing machine. I had to return it.

Pros:
1. Really small
2. Easy to carry

Cons:
1. Difficult to operate and figure out
2. Does not work properly"
"I read all the reviews and was ready for the worst. I am experienced at using sewing machines, and machines
that can be a hassle to use. It does one thing, a simple lock stitch. You cannot change the length, or any setting.
But for what it does, it does a wonderful job. This machine will do just fine as long as you don't require anything
beyond a simple stitch. Of course there isn't a reverse or a easy back-stitch, but you shouldn't require one anyway.
You simply raise the foot and rotate the fabric. The reverse button is just a convenience and isn't the only way to secure
a stitch. I found I had no issues in setting the thread tension, since its not numbered, but entirely by feel.

There really isn't another machine, at this price range and size. You have seen the hand held menders, that are
totally worthless for the same or more money. Bonus is its so small, It fits nicely into a backpack, or shoulder messenger
bag. Actually you can easily make a bag to carry it in, with the machine.

Some reviewers call it a toy. No, its not a toy, its simple, and lacks features, but it does its simple one stitch at albeit
a slower pace, perfect for small projects. I use this machine in conjunction with a larger heavy duty machine. No need
to fire up my big machine if all I need is a simple stitch. And in closing, I didn't feel using it the motor was ever struggling,
it did fine running some light canvas to make a bag to carry it in."
"Does not work properly. We go it for our daughter for Christmas Santa brought it. And it is a piece of junk. It does not have a light, so putting in the yarn is a pain and it does not even work when trying to sew jeans fabric. This should not be a challenge. We will have to try to sew regular lighter fabric, but I would spend more money and get a cheap adult sewing machine instead of this. It seems to be worthless."
Remember it is a kids machine. Seller was great about replacing it when it did not work at first.
Not user friendly at all
"This thing works really well for the price. Don't expect it to replace a Singer or anything, but it can sew denim, other fabrics. It is very particular about threading, and if you miss a guide, the thread will likely break. The tractor feed is not all that great, and I have to physically pull the fabric through most of the time, but it does sew well. The thing is so light, though, that it will move across the table as you sew, especially if you are physically pulling the fabric through. My solution was to drill two holes through the battery cover, and bolt the thing to a piece of scrap wood.

Also, roll the first few stitches by hand, turning the large knob on the right, it will make it easier for the machine to get started. Every once in a while, it jams up, and I have to move the needle with the knob, as well.

Sure beats hand sewing by a mile."
I gave this item to my grand daughter as a birthday gift. She loves it! Within minutes she was learning to use it!  I would recommend this sewing machine for young beginners.
"Works great. I wasn't sure because of all of the bad reviews, but I'm so glad I bought this. It will sew though multiple layers of thick fabric. I have never touched a sewing machine but it was super easy. A few (basic) things you NEED to know for it to work: 1) Make sure the foot is down before you start or it will not work. 2) Leave the tension alone. It's perfect out of the box. 3) Make sure the needle is up before you move your cloth."
I like it
"Very cheaply made, very difficult to thread which is an issue when it breaks the thread constantly.  Very little actual instructions.  You're left to YoutTube & your own devices to figure out how to work the thing.  Wasn't worth the time spent setting the thing up so it never gets used.  I'd suggest spending a little more on a solid product."
I try it and it work great
"It keeps unthreading itself, so you have to pull out the thread a lot so it doesn't come out."
"Update:1/12/18
I was soon disappointed with this item when the stitches started to gather and the thread broke from the bobbin. Tried to rethread the needle but the bobbin wouldn't budge because the compartment came loose. Ended up having to take the bobbin and compartment out, now the compartment won't go back in properly. Machine is back in the box collecting dust unfortunately. Minus a star 

 Feb 26, '16 : I bought this for me but gave it to my mother. She loves it "
what a POS! don't waste your money here... just headache and frustration
easy to use real handy for little jobs small compact does not take a lot of space for storing. perfect for me.
"I've got eczema and I'm lazy, which is a horrible combination. being able to moisturize so heavily in the same motion as washing my body makes life so much easier."
"Bottom Line: Not worth the struggle of re-threading often/fickleness of the machine in general - spend the money of something better. Plus side - the kit is very nice with many thread options and a good pair of electric scissors.

This was my first sewing machine and I bought it to use on an overly ambitious Comic-Con costume project (I hadn't sewn a thing since junior high home-ec). I was hoping this sewing machine would be easy to learn and would help me out a bit so I didn't have to sew everything by hand.

It took a while to figure out the fundamentals of threading the machine as a novice, but wasn't so difficult once you make it through the process for the first time. The main problem was that I had to do a LOT of rethreading once I started sewing. Regardless of how tight/loose I set the machine, it seemed the thread would snap after every few minutes. It would also get bunched up or simply wouldn't even make the stitch majority of the time, whether sewing thick/thin/medium fabric. There were a few long seams that it worked properly and saved me sometime, but I ended up hand-sewing the majority of the costume anyway.

Turns out it wasn't just me and my rookie skill set - my fashion-designer roommate knows her way around a sewing machine, and vouched for the fickleness and hassle of this machine. Spend the money and buy a nicer one, novice or no."
"Great machine. So realistic. So much so that it's still in the box because I don't know how to thread it for my daughter. Lol
For me instructions weren't the easiest to understand but I have no sewing machine knowledge at all."
I know its a small sewing machine but having some difficulty with it.
A +++
Was supposed to come with deluxe sewing kit extra thread etc but didn't.
Purchased this for my wife she liked it very much.  Malfunctioned after a few days had to be returned . Ended up buy her a Brother for 40 more
"Definitely a machine for very light work, I wouldn't recommend using anything thicker than cotton."
Good
"It was used twice and no longer works, the needke will not pick up the thread from the bottom bobbin, and upon further investigation we noticed where the mechanism spins to allow the needle to pick up the thread apparently the needle puts too much friction on the black plastic as it heated it up and melted it. I understand it is a beginner machine for a young child, but honestly i expected a little better quality than two uses! To me it seems there was a incorrectly shaped piece within, and i wish we could replace it! But i cannot find any replacement parts for it!"
cute but works
I got this for my daughter for Christmas and it broke before she even got to use it
Bad quality thread. The thread gets caught easily in the machine. Smaller than expected.
Excelente
"Not impressed. Maybe a real sewing maven could use it without getting frustrated, but that is not me."
"Terrible!!!  I guess you get what you pay for but it didn't work!!! Bought it for my daughter as a starter machine, thought it would be easier than using my big (more expensive) machine and she could pull it out as she wanted.  Set it up and it did nothing!!!  Don't waste your money!!!"
Great little sewing machine for a beginner sewer.  My 8 yr. old granddaughter found it easy to use.
"We got this machine for our 6 year old daughter for Christmas from ""Santa,"" and it still has yet to work.  We had a family friend who is an avid sewer and she said its just a poorly made product.  So now we will be spending more money on a product that actually will work for us."
"Returned...I know, what do you expect from a sewing machine that costs $17? I ordered to sew a photo onto a christmas stocking and the platform is so narrow, you couldn't even begin to slide it under."
Simple and great to enjoy sewing with the grandkids. It will fit in my camper. Good product.
Won't pick up the bobbin thread
"Does the job, most of the time! Its great for practice! I just wouldn't plan to do anything too advanced with it due to the fact that it only has the one, basic stitch pattern. I would recommend it tho if you're considering buying it!"
Broke within a few uses.
"I was worried about getting this product, I had heard that these mini sewing machines are terrible, but I decided that it was only $20, so why not? I have had this little thing for almost a month and it is so amazing. Every now and then it gets stuck, but no more than a regular sized sewing machine. The foot peddle is basically useless, and if at the wrong angle will not work. To remove the bobbin from the side of the machine you have to pull on the little knob, this was something that I could not figure out for the life of me until I watched a youtube video, I kept trying to unscrew it. Also, it does get a little loud, and I would not use it for more than twenty minutes at a time.
Overall: This machine has stood the test of time, and regular usage and is still great. I use it with very thick material (towels and flannel usually) and it works no problem.

In regards to the sewing kit:
The scissors are still in their packaging, so i know nothing about them. The sewing kit is awesome, and I love that it comes with so many pre-threaded bobbins. The seam ripper is worthless."
"This sewing machine is good for your children learning on a machine, it is great for that to make sure the kid that showed an interest on sewing will actually do it. I got it for Christmas for my 10 year old because she said she wants to design clothes, well after hours of figuring out how to set it up and learning how to us it. She appears to have no real interest in sewing, so not much lost since they are very cheap.

Threading this machine is a pain, the instructions on the manual are horrible. I was able to find a video that got me there, but it is not a science. Some times it works other times it doesn't, so it is really hard to thread. Now sewing is also tricky for it doesn't have a reverse, when you start and end a thread you will have one thread on one side of the fabric and the other thread on the other side. So you will need a sewing needle to fix that, it is more work and you got a machine to do it for you, but as my wife would say. ""You get what you pay for!"""
It's all messy
"I bought it and It wasn't working  properly, but it does NOT  mean it's a bad product, just because mine wasn't working I will post a bad review like many others do. Once I contact the support they offered me to change or any assistance I needed.
It's is very small and cute, perfect to make a small project you may see on ""Pinterest"". I decide to return it because  it wasn't working and I also decide to buy another one with more stitches options.
It would be a great gift for a kid/teen that wants to make dolls clothes or whatever, it should be easy to use it."
It sucks. It broke down on me in less than a week.
great little machine. works great. very supersized
"Bought for some little DIY projects at home. You have to get used to it a little bit, but it does the job, if you are not planning to sew some design clothes. Stitch was a little loose, but after I adjusted it, it seemed pretty fine"
The machine is faulty! By the time I had to use it the return date had expired!! Not a happy customer.
It works good.
"I love this machine!!! I don't have a lot of space to work with for a large machine to make my costumes with, but this is a great alternative. Small yet it does the job amazingly!! Unfortunately, the re-threading of the bobbin when it is in the machine so that I can begin sewing again is really hard to accomplish. I don't know if I am doing something wrong, but I have even had several other people try and they have failed as well."
Excellent
Tiny little thing for a sewing machine.  Certainly gets the job done on relatively simple jobs.  For the price you can't beat it as long as you aren't doing any complicated work.
Difficult to use
Needles didn't really work for even thin cotton fabric. Wouldn't thread properly. Donated it instead. Gave up trying.
walk around not heavey enough. It works ok for the price
gift for 6 yr old.  she was good at keeping lines straight
lil sew & sew is the right name! i wa calling it that and more after it started with out foot trigger then the tension was never right would not tell anyone that like to sew get this nor someone with small children can be DANGEROUS
The cutest little sewing machine. A great starter kit! I just wish it came with directions on how to use it.
Not happy with product.  I only used it twice. I tried to replace a needle and neither one of the replacement needles will even fit. I would return it if I could
Very happy
I love this little thing! I don't have any sewing experience...(AT ALL!) but this little guy is so easy to use! Not sure why all the negative reviews...this is a great product that is also very user friendly! :)
Horrible keeps getting jammed don't waste your money
Nothing major just small repairs comes in so handy. I like it thanks guys.
"I was never able to make it work, the instructions are not good, i never use it because when I tried to follow the instructions it tangle all up and now is just a mess."
"My daughter love her mini sewing machine. Now she can enjoy sewing with her Mom.
this is an awesome little tool."
Will not thread for anything in the world. It is a waste of money!
Didn't work right out of the box very sad 8 year old.
It didn't work the first couple times of use....i tried to fix it but the speed was too slow and this all happened in one day ...christmas...so i figured thats what i get for being. Cheap.
Muy buena
Excellent
Garbage. Impossible to get the tension right
"Couldn't get it to not bunch up the thread from the bobbin when trying to sew.  (and yes, I know how to sew)"
A compact but useful mini sewing machine. Good for light stitching works at home.
works far better than a 17 dollar sewing machine has any right to.
"Lack of space at home has kept me from ordering a larger machine for my daughter who has just started seeing at school. I just wanted something she could,use to get used to threading the machine, and maybe practice hemming or making clothes for her little sister's dolls. It was a pleasant surprises to check out what this machine could do in YouTube and even more of a pleasant surprise when she took it out Christmas morning and immediately began trying it out and so far has made two pencil cases, three dolls dresses, a cape for a costume for her sister. It's a sturdy little machine and she loves the fact that it has a foot pedal. Just waiting to see how it holds up over time. But so far I'm happy with this purchase."
"5 stars... works great for basic stitching.. love it.
Worth the money.. really excited"
"Works perfect! Great for simple tasks (fixing tears & hemming pants mostly) & then can go right back in the box for compact storage. And, it didn't break the bank. Love it."
"Just what I wanted to teach my daughter to sew, so much like adult machine. And extras were included"
"Ok for small time stitching, not recommended if you want to stitch large clothes."
"This machine needs to be pulled off of Amazon for safety concerns. The machine randomly turns on and starts stitching with out pushing the peddle. My daughter also said the machine started smoking, I did not witness the smoke so I can not attest to that for sure. The machine is junk, and does not stitch. Waste of money and time."
I gave this to my daughter for Christmas and have yet to get it to work. It will not sew a stitch and I cannot get the tension to adjust. We decided that she would just use mine and we would just keep the thread and extras.
doesn't work as well as I thought it would... but gets the job done.
"This machine does it all... Even hemmed jeans wit it, does struggle but for the price and the size well worth the money in my opinion."
Not really the best little machine.  My daughter hasn't had much success with it.  This concerns me as I really want her to at least understand the basic importance of repairing her clothes.
"Not sturdy, jammed almost immediately.  I sent it back"
"For the price, this is great."
Bottom bobbin loose and no way to tighten it.... Very sad! Love how small it is.
This is an actual small sewing machine which comes with a petal.  The only thing I can't figure out is how to sew in reverse for my start up stitch.
it's a nice little machine.sewing quality is really good.affordable for beginner like myself.happy with the product.
The product is a great for sewing straight lines.  I find it extremely hard to thread and sew small areas.  It does not have a guide so you have to be extremely careful when attempting to sew straight.  The first machine I received did not work and it took a few days for the company to send a new one.  Overall the price for what you get is pretty good.
"I bought this for a quick project when my machine was in storage. I wish I hadn't. I turned it on and it immediately took off sewing, mashed the power button to make it stop and never could get it to work again. Spend a little bit more money and get something that will actually function."
Bobbin mechanism jammed.  Spent hours on YouTube trying to figure it out.  Sent it back.
Very flimsy and broke while installing the needle
"This piece of junk is so terrible that one can only think that the manufacturers went out of their way to make it as non-functional as possible. The needle gets stuck every five stitches. The tension is either too tight or too loose. The top needle doesn't connect with the bottom thread. The knob on the back has deceptively sharp edges, so that by the end of an hour of futzing around with this thing I had two deep bloody gouges torn into my thumb and middle finger. Everything that could go wrong with this thing, did. Even the box it came in fell apart. You'd spend less time sewing everything by hand than trying to troubleshoot this hot mess."
it doesnt work my daughter is so upset. Dont buy this your better of spending the money on a bigger and nicer one.
"I got this as a gift. I am teaching myself to sew but have taken classes so I am comfortable with a machine. Anyway,  I was using this to make a simple dress when one of the metal loops used to thread just fell off. It appears  it wasn't even glued onto the machine or anything.
One star for really poor construction. May as well have been made with Legos."
Dont like this
Love this lil maciene. ..it was easy to use...never used one in my life before this...and worked great for my project ...great price too:)...had to watch a you tube video on how to thread because the directions were aba bit confusing...but after that soooo simple:)
This was absolutely perfect for my seven year old. The single stick pattern was perfect for her to sew together a pillow without getting overwhelmed by the different choices available on my larger machine. Only major issue was rethreading the bottom thread. I had to locate the instructions online from a 3rd party source since the included instructions are vague. The video on YouTube helped slightly. The only disappointment is that there is no reverse so you have to turn the fabric to go back over your stitches to prevent the thread from unraveling.
"Doesn't even sew into the thin blouse I want to fix, returned."
For smoll thin is ok
This is supper cute perfect for child or small projects
Stopped working after the 2nd time sucky machine
"Excellent! Needs instructions in the box for those of us new at sewing machines, but I found some on youtube."
"works well, i made my dryer a water and uv cover, nice and easy."
"Once again, I can't figure it out. Sewing machines and my brain do not work together."
"This machine and all of the accessories is perfect for me. Simple, compact, functional. You get so much stuff for 20 bucks it's unbelievable."
Not satisfied. But that's what I get for not looking deeper into the reviews. The darn thing broke within an hour of having it in my hands. I ended up going all out and buying a nicer Singer. Some things are worth the money. This little guy IS NOT.
I am in LOVE with this mini sewing machine!. Just used it to mend the seam on my pajama pants and it sure did the job!
"It works!  For decent small DIY, this comes in handy.  Can't complain."
"Cute little sewing machine, if you are doing very simple things it is worth it, you will struggle some with the tension things, but once you get the hang of it it's okay"
Works great
"I love this machine so far. I got it a few days ago and so far I have made two fleece blankets and two flannel baby loungers (one of each pictures below). The issues that people are having, I did have as well, though. I had an issue with the bottom bobbin.. just needed more patience. Then threading. Another commenter posted a YT vid (  (""LSS202 Sewing Machine Quick Start Guide""). Helped me get the threading right after my husband messed with it (ha ha ha ). The issue with the thread breaking was a tension issue. Again, an easy fix. I have another fleece blanket and likely one more lounger to make before I set it away for a bit. For me, it was definitely worth the price."
Thread kept on breaking.  Ended up returning it. Settled for using a full size machine all the time.
Great lil machine
"I used to sew quite a lot but lately very little. I had cut out the fabric for a duvet cover but my old sewing machine wasn't working. I really didn't need another big machine. I took a chance on the very inexpensive Sew and Sew machine and am very satisfied. It did Avery good job on the duvet cover.  It is a little fussy to thread but the rest of the operation is very simple. I could use it to sew just about anything. It came with five metal bobbins, a spare needle and needle threaded. The instructions were clear and simple. The only thing wrong with it is if doesn't have reverse but for the price difference I can tie off my ends."
"Does work - sews fairly well. Main downfalls are: it is so light it slides around while using, and presser foot/feed dog does not feed material well.
But...it does sew, and would be ideal for a beginner,  youngster, making a repair on the go, or a small fix without pulling out a big machine."
"Bought one and it stopped working after first try. Sent it back and received another one. Same thing, can't get it to work again. Once the thread comes off the piece underneath it is impossible to get it to rethread. I've read the manual and tried everything."
"For such a small machine, this model works quite well. I'm teaching my 8 year old granddaughter to sew on it, and she is doing very well."
"Great machine for the price . Also portable and very light. Does the job. My Granddaughter
is learning and this is perfect . I would recommend to watch children with any sewing machine
including this one.  Thank you for this perfect lil helper."
This was a horrible little machine. I didn't expect much from it for the price and the size but I thought it would at least sew. The thread kept snapping after a few stiches. Don't buy it.
Such a cute little sewing machine. Works great easy for kids to use
Would not stitch. I tried everything. Sent it back.
"It serves a purpose. It's great for making small, simple things. Also it's clearly intended for people with small hands (e.g. children) and not grown adults like me. Threading it is a bit annoying, and it's hard to adjust the tension correctly. The manual is useless, and its instructions for changing the bobbin are confusing and, as far as I can tell, completely wrong. It's fine for simple sewing jobs though."
This machine is crazy difficult.  I've gone through and retread ed every bit of it and it is still not working!
i am inlove with my mini sewing machine. i works just like any other machine....thank you
I bought 2 and my nieces love them
Only use few days and doesn't work anymore.
"Really good quality for the price. I thought it would be terrible and I was prepare for make everything by hand, but this product surprised me making a really good job."
"I purchased this in May for my daughter's birthday  in November and cannot get it to work. I've tried everything. The manual is also not much help. It's adorable looking but poorly made. Unfortunately, I didn't realize that Amazon's 30 day guaranty would not be in effect by the the time she got it and I can't return it."
"I put this little thing through the ringer - I had an intense sewing project - involving sewing through as many as three layers of thick wool. I was certain I would snap a needle at least, and to be fair, the sewing thread did break more than once, requiring me to rethread the machine, but it held up surprisingly well. Came with lots of colors of thread, and I love that it can run on batteries if needed. Seriously worth the money."
"This is just ok. Just know you pay for what you get. I purchased it thinking I could take it traveling with me instead of lugging my big machine around to work on items for a craft show.  The stitches were not even or really even tight, this would be good for a child learning to sew small projects that don't need to withstand a lot of heavy use.  Directions took some digging online to find, I finally found a decent YouTube video that explained the little machine and how to wind the bobbin.

To summarize the little machine, it is not meant for projects that need to withstand heavy use. It works for the price, but don't expect great things."
I would purchase this again when needed....I highly recommend this speed sewing machine
Great little machine. Fairly easy to use.
Good for small jobs works for the price
Crap
"Terrible product! The string kept getting knotted up. I never got to use it because it wouldn't work.
Don't buy! spend your money elsewhere."
"This did not work at all. I will spend more and buy a nicer machine. Bought for my daughter for Christmas last year, waste of money and she was so disappointed!"
Perfect starter sewing machine
only used once so far so but seems to work well
"I bought this sewing machine for my 13 year-old granddaughter as a birthday present. She's used it for about 6 weeks now and absolutely loves it. Having never sewn before, she finds it easy to use. However, the bottom thread broke, we read the instructions and still could not get it to thread through. I went to YouTube and found a very easy instructional video. In fact, I found the problem almost immediately. And here's the kicker: the instructions on the pamphlet that comes with the machine is INCORRECT! PLEASE NOTE THAT WHERE IT SAYS, ""TURN THE HAND WHEEL CLOCKWISE"", IT SHOULD SAY, ""COUNTER-CLOCKWISE""!!!  Here is the name of the video in case you want to check it out--LSS202 Sewing Machine Quick Start Guide. It was posted on December 17, 2010. This is the best one as it is very easy and clear to view."
"I bought it to fix tears in my clothing and for basic alterations. Really simple to use and works really well. I just used it to successfully mend a 6in tear in a pair of jeggings, and I've never used a sewing machine in my life. Just make sure you thread it correctly (you can easily look up a 2minute video that'll walk you through it), and you're good to go."
"For a little and inexpensive machine this is perfect. I've been using mine for about 2 months for several different projects and it still is working great. The bottom bobbin can be tricky to get threaded right, so I ended up looking up a youtube video for some help and I haven't had problems since. The stitches don't come out looking as nice as the other machine that I have (stitch length sometimes varies) but it does hold tight if you tie off the ends or backstitch. Speaking of backstitching this machine will NOT do it for you, I manually sew forward turn the fabric then sew back and finally turn the fabric to keep sewing forward. I like using this for sewing little plushies. The machine handles Minky pretty well as long as there aren't too many layers, but more importantly the small size makes working on small projects a breeze."
"According to my wife, this thing is pretty bad. I only bought it as a cheap fix for one thing. It was meant to be a one time use throw away. It couldn't even do that."
Only worked one time. Very cheap
the needle is almost impossible to theard.  and makes the job impossible.
Is a small machine but is does the work!! Pretty nice I like it..
"This works great! I have no sewing experience, and this has been easy to use and easy to figure out. It came with very clear instructions on how to thread it. It doesn't do any fancy stitches. As far as durability, I have made an infant sleep sack, a throw pillow, a bib, and repaired the sleeve of my sweater and it is showing no signs of wearing down. I love how small it is because it makes it no hassle at all to just grab it and whip out a quick project. I love this! It has double stitch and bobbin. You can use foot pedal or just a go button. Only thing I don't think it does is reverse stitch to use to hold the stitch in place at the end. So I tie a knot."
junk never worked just threw away as we gave up
junk; broke within 2 days.
This machine hasn't work since the day I bought it. The needle does not pick up the thread from the bobbin. It's going in the trash.
"I got this as a gift for my nephew. when we opened the box to set up the machine, the machine was dirty, had sticky food on it, and it was broken. In fact it was still threaded, and a piece of fabric was stuck under the needle. As we were trying to figure out what was going on....we noticed stuff like crumbs etc had falling out of the machine on to the table.  This freaked my sister out.....Bedbugs? She took the machine and placed it outside. Unfortunately for me, the next day we received heavy rain, the machine got a good washing which it needed!! I am out of my money, my nephew out of a gift....that is not right. At the same time, I ordered a bigger machine for my niece from a different Amazon seller, that one came in a dirty damaged box, with a red damaged sticker on it. I returned it and ordered the same machine from a different seller.  The replacement came in an ok box, but the machine too was dirty, sticky and had stuff falling out of it. In order not to completely disappoint the kids, my sister took the machine outside, wiped it off with vinegar and water, brought back in and we set it up.  The thread kept breaking off, and the kids lost interest and we all were extremely disappointed.
Mind you I have purchase fabric, patterns and all sort of sewing notions and books to teach the kids sewing, and the main tools needed for this activity did not work. I did not return the second machine either because when my sis took it out to wipe off the sticky stuff, she left the box out in the back yard, and that box too got wet. Amazon/Amazon sellers, pls, pls when you receive a returned it, do check it before sending out to another customer. This experience made me fearful of online ordering. I don't like returns, when I buy something, I want to buy it and move on, I don't care to revisit a purchase to make a return, go online request a return, print  a label, carry the item and bring it to an amazon/UPS location....this takes out the convenience factor."
"Believe it or not, this little sucker works.  I got it last minute because I wanted to remake my wedding outfit top and did not have my full size sewing machine with me.  So...not wanting to buy another giant and somewhat expensive sewing machine just for this project, I took a chance and bought this guy through Amazon Prime.  Yes, it looks and feels like a toy, but by golly it will sew you a nice line of stitches if you use it right.  Follow the advice other people have left about how to thread properly, and remember to rely on the second bobbin to feed the top thread.  Refer to the youtube video on how to thread and use it as referenced in another comment.  I was sewing/hemming chiffon, and although there was some annoyance in terms of the thread catching every once in awhile from the little arm, it worked, and my wedding top got done in time.

Bottom line: this thing does actually work.  Have reasonable expectations for such a cheap, tiny and simple sewing machine, and it might just save the day!"
"Poor quality,  had to return.  Thread kept getting snapped"
After about 2 projects the bobbin thread just wouldn't stay put no matter what we tried. It was fun for a moment.
"It is a good working machine, but small."
It sews well for just $14. The only problem of me is winding thread.
My Little girl loves it.
"I should have figured since I paid less than $20, but I'm still upset that I wasted $20 on this thing. The thread doesn't catch properly, even with a swatch I can't get any thread threaded. Save your $20 and expectations."
not impressed
"Junk, but what did I expect for $20,  won't even sew through a hospital scrub fabric."
Works awesome I wish there would have been an instruction book with it just to help with the basics but I eventually got the hang of it. The little kit they give is great but they put it in flimsy plastic so you will definitely have to get a small case of some sort for it to hold everything.
this product did what it was suppose to do for the price. Very easy to use and I was able to accomplish my projects.
Cheap can't use
Difficult to operate for an adult--impossible for a child. A mistake.
So easy to handle. Saves me from setting up my larger machine.
Very good!!!
excellent!! Thank  you
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Michley-LSS-202-Lil-Sew-Sew-Mini-2-Speed-Sewing-Machine/dp/B0021L931S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Michley LSS-202 Lil' Sew & Sew Mini 2-Speed Sewing Machine</a>
And I do mean really simple. I paid around $18 for this, so I wasn't expecting a lot of features. The stitch length cannot be adjusted and there is no reverse mode. Ok, I can live with that for $18. What is frustrating is the thread tension. It is adjusted with a spring loaded knob on the side.
No matter how I turn the knob, the tension is too tight so that when I want to extract the material from under the presser foot, the top thread always breaks. To pull out more top thread I have to remove the thread from the needle, pull out another length of thread, sometimes re-threading the whole machine. That said, I have done simple hems with medium weight denim. Couldn't do a rolled hem because the needle had trouble going through and the thread kept breaking. I would only recommend this product to someone whose sewing needs are very basic and is willing to fiddle around with re-threading the machine a lot. I certainly would not recommend it as a beginner machine for adult or child. Given that the machine is so cheap, one use and it pays for itself, a lot cheaper than having a tailor do a hem."
Don't waste your money.
Works but not on the higher end of things. Its a value product and thats it. Suitable for someone just beginning.
Worked for the minimal alterations I wanted to do. It comes with a handy foot pedal and doesn't occupy space. Still have to try stitching heavier things like jeans.
It's good..I recommended it
To complicated for not only my child but also a adult to figure out
I've spent around half/two thirds of my time repairing this thing honestly but it's what I'd expect for the price. If you're willing to ask around for help/know how to fix a sewing machine pretty well yourself I'd say this one would be pretty good for small projects. Nothing big though and I'm still trying to fix it from the last problem.
Amazing! Love it! I have never stitched anything before and for first timer it was Super easy! It comes threaded and I stitched like 5 pillow cases for my 5 month old baby like in one hour ! It has 2 speeds and works fantastic! Sooo easy to operate ! U tube patterns and just sew! It can do small and medium jobs easily !
"I bought this for my granddaughter for a BD present and let me tell you that her mom could even use it for sewing projects. Small yes but it works well. Don't look for fancy stitching because that's not what this machine is about. But if you do simple sewing this is great for adults too even though it is small. It came with metal bobbins which I prefer and actually had 2 needles not 1 and was pre- threaded. If sewing heavier materials I suggest getting the proper needles for that material. I think Singer needles would be fine for this machine.
The price that I paid was great! There are others exactly like this that were way higher priced. Look for the better price, there is NO difference in machines. It does not have a light so I will probably get her a clip on type or something for her. She LOVED it....and so did I when I see this little machine in action. It is one of the best purchases I have ever made. Oh, she can use a push button to make the machine sew or a peddle. Great option. There is nothing complicated about this machine. I'm hoping this instills in her the fun, the pride, and gained expertise in sewing her own items. Heck. I even recommend it for boys to learn as well. As you can see, I can't say enough about this little powerhouse."
Bottom bobbin holder literally snapped in half 30 seconds into using it. Piece of garbage... And thats where is is now. After the bobbin holder broke the next downward motion snapped the needle sending metal flying. Dangerous and a complete waste of money.
Cheap unit with no power - But heck look at the price - You get what you pay for - I would purchase something with more power and better quality so it will last much longer -
a little small but will work for what i got it for
It was ok
We purchased this for my daughter for Christmas . One thing led to another & we got busy & weren't able to use it right away- we finally were able to take it out & try it& were unable to get it to properly pick up the bobbin thread- the kid was in tears as this was something she had been looking forward to
"My 7-year-old grandson loves it!  The one fear I had was he could jab himself with the needle, but not a problem with this machine.  He's impressed he can sew 4 layers of cloth, he's been creating things ever since he unpacked it.  A great buy and a great bargain!"
"I bought this as a gift for my mom, i of course tested it out before giving it to her. She loves it."
It gets the job done... eventually. It takes a really long time and sometimes the bottom thread doesn't catch.
"I would say with this sewing machine you get what you pay for. The price is great and it is a good beginner sewing machine. It's easy to use. But the stitches are loose and visible. I can't get a solid tight machine stitch, even after adjustments."
Flimsy. Mother in law who knows how to sew really well couldn't figure out how to thread it.
So far this machine works great. I just tried it on a sample piece and so far so good ! For someone who has no experience just by hand sewing I believe it works like a charm
Love this little machine.....I had a problem with getting the bobbin thread and was ready to send it back but my husband worked with it and turned in the opposite direction and it picked it up.
Did not work very well. Hard to operate.
It's a $20 sewing machine. If you are looking to make clothes with this move on. Doll clothes or basic hemming. I used this to make filter socks for my saltwater tank and it was just what I needed to get the job done without blowing a fortune.
"I love this little machine.  I bought it because it runs on battery which allows me to use it anywhere - including in my car!  I admit that the tension is a little finicky, but I pieced together a complete 76""x84"" quilt top with this little machine (not the quilting, just the piecing - see photo).  Love it!"
Did not work :-(
"I was afraid of how this would work for the price but it was just what I needed. I had a small project that would not have worked out by hand sewing so I ordered this and learned to machiene sew. It is very simple, just one stitch and you have to manually turn the knob to fix the begining and end of stitch in place. You also have to keep an eye on the tension knob because it can get too tight and snap the thread, but as long as your mindful of it there is no problem. I did notice they have a slightly pricier model with more options, I wish I had gotten that one but this worked fine. I can say my first trial at machine sewing went well and I plan to invest in a better one in the future and keep this one to teach my daughter how to sew."
excelet
Has no back stitch and sound terrible when sewing.
Very satisfied
"not met my expectations, sorry"
The material is cheap but the machine works well. Do not expect to do a lot of things with it as it only has one type of stitch. But overall a good product for arts and crafts.
What a joke.  Wouldn't even stick cotton gauze.
"i love this machine, super small, light weight.
it was able to do the alterations i needed for my scrubs."
It didn't work at all; I think it was shipped broken or something because when I tried to sew with it it just couldn't sew anything. It was seriously a waste of money.
"i used tro have a large machine, its was just to bulky, so i went with this small one works perfectly, easy set up , mends  things just perfect"
Did the trick. You get what you pay for
"I read the manual, and was able to pull the bottom thread up through the bobbin holder -- similar to how I do on my full-size Brother machine. I spent about 2 hours adjusting the tension, and practicing on different fabrics. The lower thread was too loose, and when I pulled the strings, they'd come out -- even when I had done the stitch first in one direction, then turned the fabric, and sewed again over the stitch. For some reason, the machine did work on the small fabric that came included.

My theory is that a good chunk of these machines are actually DEFECTIVE.

When I moved this year, I decided to leave my Brother in storage and buy this little machine for hemming clothing. (I've had the Brother for a decade and have used it for a variety of sewing projects, but I work a lot and don't regularly sew anymore.) It took me a couple of months to take this out the box, and try it out. If I were within the first month, I would have definitely returned to Amazon. When I looked at the 1-year warranty included by the manufacturer, it explained that I had to pay all shipping charges, full insurance, and provide a return authorization number. Warranty also states, ""A handling charge of $25 will be applied to any returned product found not to be defective."""
A+++ Very good transaction.
"This is truly a magical item. You unpackage it and think, ""wait, is this a toy""? No sir. Right out of the box, I sat it down, set it up and started hemming. In just a couple hours, two dresses done. Afterwards, I put away my sewing box and placed the sewing machine on the bookshelf acting somewhat of a bookend. Perfect item for anyone really. But especially awesome for people tight on space in their itty bitty apartment."
works great for doing small things and simple to use
Not easy to work with
Works great daughter loves it
Yes
Let's just say that I used this to make a QUILT and it worked well. I was worried about it at first because of the price but I don't regret it at all. This little sewing machine is amazing
"Being that I am new to sewing, this little gal is wonderful to start off with and learn with."
"I really want a sewing machine for Christmas, and I bought this to hold me off until then.  I'm amazed at how easy it is to use and how well it sews.  For the price and size of this lil machine, I didn't want to get my hopes up.  However, I've already sewed a slipcover together for my love seat using tapestries I got on clearance at a department store.  I've just started on another slipcover for my sofa.  With the foot pedal, this thing works just like my moms singer that I learned to sew on, but it's sooo much simpler.

I'm also amazed that this thing will work with batteries!  This would be great to take traveling or to camp.  Or, if the power goes out, you could still pass the day sewing as long as you had batteries on hand.  You can plug it in also which is what I've been doing

There is the option of sewing without the foot pedal, which really startled me at first, but someone who isn't used to a foot pedal may like that.  It's easy to turn on and off.  The machine also comes with bobbins.  Overall I love my lil machine so far!"
Great machine for kids
"This machine works amazingly well for such a small, inexpensive automatic sewer. I wouldn't use it for anything major or of particularly high quality. But, for smaller, quick and dirty (and not so dirty) projects, it works great! I used it to repair a nylon flag that flies at my dock and the repairs are holding despite the heavy winds and rain we've been having. Also modified some king-size pillow cases and made them standard. They look good. Give it a try..."
Perfect 1st sewing machine!
It Is perfect for a 9 year old I nanny
I could not get it to work just to small
I made a baby blanket with this. No issues with it being a mini version!
Bad waste of money not good investment at all. Came defected . when attempted to sew on one the thread would keep coming out of the top needle. It be impossible to sew anything.. Also the second one I ordered just was delivered broke . very disappointed as I had tried to buy as gift for my sis. Never again.
Amazing for the price!
Product is as described. Easy to assemble. Was a gift for my granddaughter and she's used it several times. Has helped her take care of many repairs to her clothing as well as some small projects. Would recommend this for small to medium projects to everyone.
Amazing :) Glad I bought it and the shipping was super fast because of Amazon Prime. Thanks
Don't waste your money.
for what it is in size it is a great little machine for little repairs of clothes on our fishing boats.
Arrived pre stitched from factory and worked fine for a couple patches. Then it quit grabbing the bobbin thread all of the sudden. I tried for a couple days to repair but in the end it did not work.
Love it I I just got it omggggggg they deliver it nice n it was perfect just how I wanted happyyyyyyy thank you so much wow for the price is perfect perfect I order in amazon every day n honestly I have not yet receive something I don t like I am happy thank you so much I cann t stop smiling n hate when people complain of something small please don t believe sometimes the reviews I cann t n I will not cause is sometime people that are not happy with any thing da price perfect muahhh thanx I'm so excited
"Doesn't stitch, at all! Idoesn't seem to be catching and it just makes a single line of thread, from start to finish. No stitches in between."
It is very small and light weight which is good and bad.  It stores easily because of its size but also moves around a bit when I used it.  I have been sewing for 30 years and this little thing worked great.  It only has one stitch and is very simple to figure out.  It sews a very nice clean stitch.  I would buy it again.  It is great for someone in a small living space with little storage or a small child learning to sew.
IT DOESN'T WORK!!! Don't waste your money on this product. It was a huge disappointment. It doesn't even work on thin fabrics.
"I Love it !!
The stiches do go on nice and tight
Does the job! 
& it got here on time 
I would totaly recommend for starters like me (:"
The needle was broken
Great product - thanks!
"I was very excited about the size and price of the machine, but to my disappointment it does not function smoothly and skipped stitching. I want to throw this off a four story building, run it over, and set it on fire."
"Bought for Grandma, she can't lift a heavy sewing machine any longer and wants to be able to do small mending and hemming projects. Works GREAT!!!"
This little machine is awesome! I have always wanted to learn to sew. I didn't want to spend alot if money before I learned. This machine works so well and was very quick for me to learn.  People wrote that you couldn't use it  for sewing jean so I put it to the test. Worked like a charm. If you are just learning this is perfect. Love it!
returned. poor design thread breaks constantly.
"too cheap, it doesnt saw properly, i would definitely not recommend it"
This is great for thin material and small projects. The only thing is the directions are of no help. If you haven't worked with sewing machines before then I suggest watching a YouTube toutorial. Mine are completely threaded. Also the tension wheel is really tight.
Perfectly working till now. N helped a lot in small house hold fitting . 
I love this little sewer. I'm a sewing novice so I wanted something that was very simple to use for repairs and alterations and that's just what this machine is.
Love it
"Use this very little. Appears to be fragile. Not sure how long it will last but I only need this once in a while so it works for me, so far."
I sent it back. Instructions did not match diagram of machine and the foot petal cord was not long enough to reach the floor from a normal-height table.
"Needle kept breaking, it's a pain to operate because it's so small, I threw it away."
Much smaller that I thought it be but otherwise ok.
great little machine.  I sewed curtains and hemmed a pair of dress pants.  easy to use and thread.  I wish there was reverse do I could lock the stitch but it still works great.
I used only one time. I really don't like this mechine
"Not happy, I bought this to sew on a name patch to a shirt and it came threaded with white and I couldn't get it to thread with black, then it would not catch the lower thread and kept busting the thread....sending back"
this was sold as use for children but the directions say do not let childen use .i tried it it is a piece of junk would never buy they will not let me return unless i pay postage
"Good for basic stitching, alterations."
not worth it
"Worked well for the first few days of use, but now the bobbin thread won't catch and the machine is useless. Gave it three stars because I may have just over worked it with layers of Army uniform material. But for the price, it does a heck of a job."
hard to change the thread
"Had a little trouble with the power settings, didn't realize without the pedal it goes on its own."
"You get what you pay for. A piece of plastic broke off, making it inoperable. Unfortunately, we were one day past our 30 day return policy."
My first needle broke quickly but other than that I really enjoyed it!
adorable but won't really sew through jeans. Works on all other small projects.
Very poor sewing machine when I pull extra out of the machine the thread falls out of it! It's too cheap and too small!
This sewing machine doesn't work at all but it was too late to return it when I figured this out
I was surprised at how well this little machine works.
"I bought it to shorten 4 king size pillow cases. My dry cleaner wanted $6 per piece for that, so I got this $20 sewing machine instead and save myself a couple of $. A needle broke instantly, luckily it came with a spare one. Scissors didn't work and went to the garbage right away (yes, I did put the batteries in). So this sewing machine is a one-timer but hope it will serve me well for some time for occasional sewing jobs. However, it had kind of paid for itself already."
"Good starter machine for a child.  I bought it for my 10 year old.  It jams a lot on her, but I'm always able to get it going again for her.  I could hardly afford anything for her and she was dying to have a sewing machine, so the price of this made that possible.  I would not suggest it for an adult... invest in a better machine if not getting it for a kid to toy around on..."
Just what I wanted!
This is the cutest thing ever!
Not that great. Hard to thread but if you're doing basic seeing than its ok. Good for little girls. They will just need help getting it to work.
Well worth the money. Great for travel. I would buy it again.
Makes too much of a rattling noise which makes the machine unstable. Promptly returneD
"I DON'T SEW OFTEN, BUT WHEN THE NEED ARISES, THIS LITTLE MACHINE IS PERFECT AND TAKES UP NO STORAGE SPACE IN MY CRAFTING SPACE."
"This had to have been the Most confusing set up I have ever experienced!! I was determined go figure it out and it took me hours. There are just too too many different spools of thread and options of how to set it up which made it even more confusing. After hours and hours, I realized that this machine came set to by the factory!! And it actually works great however I have no clue how to even begin to figure out how to replace the thread once it runs out OR if I have to change the color. I guess I will you tube it. If you buy it, and there is already thread on the machine bobbin, just know it came factory set up and all you have to do is plug it in and get started., if not please share with the rest of us how you figured it out."
"Mine arrived 2 days early, was already threaded with the side bobbin, the tension was a little tight but was easy to loosen. I've already used it several times on different materials...

The reason i bought this machine is to make doll clothes for my ball jointed dolls, and for that, it is absolutely perfect. I've never used a sewing machine so i have no experience with them at all. I wanted something small since i mostly just want it so that i no longer have to sew doll clothes by hand. I was so excited when it arrived that i started using it right away, and i made several little doll outfits in just a couple of hours.

works great even on denim as long as there isn't too many layers, was repairing a pair of my husbands jeans, worked fine until i went over the edge of the pocket and the thread popped, you'll know if the material is too thick because it doesn't fit under the foot that well, i just thought i'd push my luck. but even though i had to sew part of my husbands jeans by hand, i still love this machine. and cant wait to make more stuff with it.

As a beginner i think this was the best choice of machine for me. Later i plan to buy a bigger more expensive machine with all of the different stitching settings and everything but for a starter machine i believe this was the best."
love it
mini miracle.
Working good. But not for thicker cloths
Very good item and an excellent seller!
You get what you pay for. Was super fun for niece to see how interested she was before investing in larger more robust machine. lasted about 10 small projects then just got jammed every time after. Worth the $20 I paid for it.
"pretty convenient, but is not built to handle creations that require very secure stitching. Had to restitch for a more secure hold."
i like it
"My daughter got this for Christmas and was never able to use it. The sewing machine was perfect in size for my 9 year old daughter. However, upon use the bobbin continuously bunched up. I followed the product instructions for setup and issues. I reworked the thread pathway, adjusted the tension and tried changing the stitch but could sew more than 1 or 2 stitches. I have used sewing machines for years and even contacted a seamstress for assistance but was never able to resolve the issue."
I got this item but the needle was broken..!!!
Really can't ask anything more from this.
"I got it for my sis... She liked it at first, it looked nice and worked for like about 4 days after that it stoped working.... Thats a big disappointment. I usually don't write a bad review about the things i buy online but not working for even a week. That just too much!!"
"Never worked. Tried several times and it just kept breaking the thread. Terrible purchase, it went right in the garbage."
"This is a super cheap, crappy sewing machine.

It is what I expected.

It is pretty easy to use and it sews well. I already broke one needle sewing through a few layers of felt, or maybe it was broken by something else I did wrong. I am a complete novice and this was well worth the price if you are planning on practicing on small time crafts.

You can't sew through anything too thick. Two layers of felt is pushing it already. It would be 5 stars if it could.

If you're going to start sewing a lot, skip this and just get a full sized machine.
If you're interested in a battery powered machine, are super poor, or are afraid of breaking an expensive machine. This is a great option."
Received in great condition!!
"Was a birthday gift for my neice, unopened until just after 30 days of purchase. Did not work out of the box. Cannot figure out any way to replace. Another ""Prime"" item with little support. Would not recommend this item, nor the seller."
"This turned out to be a terrific little sewing machine!  I love it.  It sews through much thicker material than I expected, is easy to use, portable and includes a power plug and can run on battery as well.  The only negative is the directions are a little hard to follow."
Awesome
"This was a hit as a birthday gift for an 8 yr. old. With supervision she is making doll clothes. So much better than a one-time make it craft.
The machine is sturdy enough to do regular light mending. Small enough to take anywhere.  Sews a great even stich. No problems."
"Easy to use for my 8 year old daughter!  It sews just like mine but a smaller size for her little hands!  Great Value, very pleased!"
"I broke three needles just trying to get it to work. Then it wouldn't stitch anything. I played with the tension and everything else. Basically it sucked, I sent it back."
Cheap and messes up very easy
"From reading other reviews, I knew each the chances were high that it would not work but I thought it was worth the try. I purposely waited to be able to Order it directly from Amazon, so I could return it easily. I sewed 1 short seam and it broke. I'm a very experienced sewer, but needed something lightweight. Sent it back and got a different kind, more expensive and much more reliable."
Not  for  hard  clothes  sewing.
Got this for a friend that didn't want to have to sew some of his wet suits by hand and it works for what he needs it for.  It's a small machine that runs off either batteries or ac.
Broke two weeks later
Great value for money
Granddaughter loves it. Good buy for a child's first sewing machine
Booooo this sewing machine sucks number one I thought it was going to be bigger number two it gets jammed  as soon as I plug it up and put my foot on the petal number three when I do try to sew it doesn't't even sew the fabric.
Great for kids or beginners.  Also very portable.
It didn't work prperly
"It is the bare minimum for sewing, but my male hands are to fat. Should have investigated the size first."
Did not work
"This machine works really well.  I thought it would only sew thin fabrics, but it does more. I used it to make my niece a dress out of a t-shirt and some medium-weight poly/cotton. It worked great, even working with a layer of woven fabric and a layer of knit fabric.  A lot of machines have trouble sewing knits, but this one didn't. I also used it on a sweater-like fabric. You could also use it for crafting, as it sews through 4 sheets of paper at a time, and sews through business cards, too. I'm really happy with it."
It broke after a few uses.
"parts easily broken, even with gently used.

Disappointing with the build quality. Looking elsewhere for new sewing machine.

This machine does not worth your money and time.

Period."
"For someone like me who's never used a sewing machine, I learned my way around it quite quickly and it did its job. Just needed to re-size my work pants to fit me better, and they look great now. I plan to use it to make little doll clothes too! So if you only need it for little things I'd say it'll do great!"
This was the most frustrating present I have ever bought for a child.  It was a disappointing Christmas gift.
I HATE THIS THING!!!!! IT MAKES A BIG MESS ON THE BOTTOM AND OF COURSE THEN IT COMES RIGHT OUT. I WANTED SOMETHING JUST TO DO SMALL MENDS AND TEARS. WELL THIS IS NOT WORTH TWO CENTS. I AM SORRY I SPENT THE MONEY.
"I was skeptical due to poor reviews however I went ahead and bought it anyway. And I loved it. It does exactly what is expected of it. I was able to sew a piece of fabric, plastic (from the kitchen wrap) and cardboard (actually from the amazon box it was delivered in) together, using this tiny little sewing machine (this was for my foldable solar panel project). In summary - you have to know how to use it. Thread will break if you don't provide the take up lever with enough slack. So, every time you start, make sure there is enough slack of thread for the take up lever. Thats it. Didn't have any issues. Decent quality for the price you pay. I would highly recommend it."
works
Crap. Ended up selling it at a garage sale.
The first day it worked fine. Less than 24 hours later it stopped sewing. I checked everything and made sure it was threaded correctly and it was correct. I slid open the bobbin storage for the lower thread and noticed the plastic inside was broken. Now I have a heart broken 10 year old. This was her present for graduating 4th grade. She was supervised and assisted during times of use.
"This little guy is tiny, easy to store, and... packs a punch. I have used it to alter clothing and to make a t-shirt quilt. Great results. No, you don't have a choice about what stitch you get, but I'm not sewing at that level. A reviewer below posted a VERY helpful video on how to thread this machine- thanks!!! I used that and have had great success with this machine. Definitely recommended."
doesnt sew at all. it jumps around has lose threading and breaks string.
Bought this item it worked great about 4 times then on my 5th project it broke.
I purchased this machine for a small project and it worked beautiful. It looks like a toy machine but sews like a charm. I have used other more complicated machines for such projects and they would always end up jamming. It only does straight stitch but that is all I need it for and it is so small it can be stored anywhere.
"1st problem: they make it look WAY bigger than it actually is. It's the height of my scissors. 2nd: the presser foot barely comes up so there is barely any room for your fabric or felt, it's so hard to just get it under there. 3rd: there is so reverse lever so you CANNOT reinforce. 4th: when you are trying to disconnect, the thread will barely pull and it starts to bend the needle. Very tight and so hard to disconnect. 5th: no thread cutter. 6th: foot pedal sucks. It's sticks and no matter how hard or soft you press it, it still goes the same speed, but it won't even go if you press it lightly, you have to press it as hard as possible. 7th: only two speeds. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, even to sew something small."
it is really small but I do not need for big things just something that goes faster than doing by hand
"It really only worked once and Its in the trash. Better to get a real machine if you have the space. I thought this would be nice for small jobs and to save space but hand sewing would be faster than getting this thing set up and working. It took me about an hour to get it working and then I only managed to sew 2 small pillowcases with simple straight seams (no zippers, no hems or anything, just 2 pieces of fabric sewn together on 3 sides). The next time I went to use it, it quit. The idea of it is great but the results were not worth the money."
Honestly I haven't used this since I can't figure out how to.
Not worth the money
This was a gift to my elderly mother-in-law who needed a sewing machine that she could take anywhere in her house.  She loves how light-weight and easy it is to use!
Great. I have been using for more than  3weeks now and its still perfect. I just had to change the needle one. And it comes with an extra needle. So I did not have to go buy it. Great!
It worked fine. The product is really good for the value.
"This worked well for a few months and now the machine gets jammed nearly every time I use it. It's really simple to use, I like the foot pedal but it tend to break the string really easily. I have thus retired this little machine to a box in my garage."
"I've never been so disappointed with a purchase. If I could, I would give this zero stars. I opened the box and plugged it in and tried sewing on the fabric they had in the machine already. I worked. So I took that off and tried to sew something else. It gets about one stitch and then nothing. Either it continues to pretend to sew while not actually putting any thread in the fabric, or it jams because the needle and the bobbin holder apparently have an interference fit tolerance because the needle will hit it and not be able to go down any further. This machine is really cheap for a reason. I have no idea why anyone would even decide to make something that is so completely useless. I'm an engineer, so usually I can figure out a way to fix things that are malfunctioning with a little tweak. But there is no apparent quick fix. I haven't dismantled this machine yet to see if there's anything to be done. But dismantling and trying to fix shouldn't be a necessary part of set up. I am thoroughly dissatisfied."
"I ordered 2 , 1 for me and 1 for my little sister. Mine came broken to begin with and my sisters lasted 1/2 of a blanket they where flimsily made"
 it!
It was good
Save your money
Very simple to use (after watching the youtube videos) and worked well for basic fix up jobs.
"My mom loved it, she thought it was so cute. It's not your fancy large expensive sewing machine but it gets job done. It works well for small projects. It's pretty simple and easy to use and self explanatory."
it broke at first time of use
You get what you pay for....
I was working  so well but suddenly stop doesn't  want to do nothing the thread it is loose i really dissaponted
Great
work real good until it didn't want to do anymore
Doesn't work
6 YR GRANDDAUGHTER USED IT ON THE SPOT.
good product.
"My mom love it
Thank you"
This is more than what I expected! It is so cute and small but also gets the job done! It comes with a foot pedal too!
"This is pretty much a toy, which is the reason I got it for my daughter.  The stitching is pretty wild.  There doesn't seem to be any consistency.  Would not recommend to anyone who would think that this can do any decent sewing."
Never sewed before and this worked great for me.
my niece loves this; I got a great price from amazon; her sewing teacher grandmother thinks it's a great machine too
Worth the money!!!
Very nice machine it does the work
Not as great as I was expecting
Excelente
"Used to make unique diaper cakes drapes, diaper display covers and tutus/dresses. Work perfectly!"
i love it
My granddaughter only got to use this sewing machine twice before it broke.  I ended up getting her a regular full size sewing machine and she loves it.  Don't buy this machine - save your money and just get a full size sewing machine.  It will save a lot of tears.
"It worked great for about two minutes until I sewed my panties together, then when I realized what was happening and I tried to fix it ,I got my finger to close and stepped on the gas petal and tore a hole in my finger, then bleed all over my pants and ruined them. I guess I'll leave the sewing to the womenfolk"
Awesome
Meh. It's what you'd expect for the price. Don't expect to be able to hem jeans with it though.
Returned items is too small
Broke right put of the box
Product stopped working after 2 weeks. I do not recommend this product at all.
great product!!
"DOES NOT BACKSTITCH. Otherwise, a kinda nifty little thing."
This makes a better toy than anything. My daughter loves to 'sew' with me and this is perfect.  I removed the needle and she's now able to sEw. I tried a test piece and if did okay but I wouldn't want to sew a project with it due to its small size.
Love it
"This was nice for my granddaughter, but I would suggest putting it away after each use. When I went to visit the next time, the parts were all over the house and some parts were missing."
It did not work.
What was supposed to be a birthday gift for my baby sister arrived defective.
This is my first time having a sewing machine and I think is cool because it comes with the combo set
Its been around 2 months and it already broke. i don't think amazon will exchange it now :(
"Great value for the cost. Small but very useful
Edited - Though I have had this piece for a while, I got an opportunity to use it for just a few times. About 5th or 6th and it has stopped working. The machine just makes a weird noise when switched on, but doesnt run the fabric through to stitch. When I manually move the wheel, the needle and stuff move, but the part under the foot is stuck and wouldnt move."
It's a good buy I  really love the sewing kit sent to me!
This machine is not for children.  It has a half turning knob for the presser foot that is difficult for an adult to turn.  Changing the needle is time consuming and the screw stripped.  It worked for 2 days and quit.  I would not recommend buying this product.  FIRE HAZARD!!!! I bought this machine from UGE through Amazon. Put in  4 AA batteries. 20 minutes later it  was  so  hot it melted plastic covering batteries.
Crap don't wast ur money
bien bueno
Handy little machine for small repairs and quick jobs
"If you're buying this sewing machine to take the place of a full-size, multi-function work horse, you'll be disappointed. If you're new to sewing, and you only want to do one type of stitch to do minor mending or crafts, this is a good machine. You can choose a single thread stitch, or you can use two threads to stitch. Be sure to read the instructions for set up as you have to have the button on the side set right in order to use the pedal correctly.

You cannot use thick fabric with this sewing machine (think a thick, lined, wool vest,) but you can use this for a variety of things. I've taken up and in a men's vest, repaired dog toys, and some crafts here and there.

It has ONE stitch: straight stitch. That is it. If you want zig-zag or anything else, don't get this machine.
It's small. Some people may like that. Some people may not.
It may not hold up to long-term use. I have no idea as I've only used it a handful of times, but it is small and lightweight, and lots of plastic pieces.

I bought this machine for $10 when there was a flash sale here on Amazon for it so for $10, it's worth it. Even $20 it is worth it.

Just don't expect to create this huge organza gown with chiffon masterpiece. That's a tad bit unrealistic."
How long do the 4 a a a a batteries last
"I have no experience with sewing machines, every now and then I can hand stitch a button back onto a shirt, other than that I don't sew. I bought this to attempt to hem the bottom of some curtains. With visions of all the things I was going to make I sat down to learn it. After numerous youtube tutorial videos and failed attempts I finally had it threaded and it worked! Until I looked at the other side, all the stitches were loose on the backside. A few more hours of frustration and I was done. A friend of mine who sews with big fancy machines came over to look at it. When she was done laughing at me she played with the little machine for awhile and told me it was junk, one of the thread guides had completely came out and the foot pedal stopped working. The machine is very lightweight so it was easy to chuck into the garbage can."
ok
died during the first use.  It's cheap yes so I didn't expect it to last forever but I did expect it to at least finish the job I bought it for (a body pillow).
not what I was expecting a beginner sewing machine... its not very user friendly and does not have a steady stitch....
Ok for beginners
My 10year old daughter was disappointed in the sewing machine almost every time  she uses it she  has to retread the needle and the stitch does not hold she has to go back over the stitch not a good product.
"fell apart as soon as i tried to sew,the needle arm disconnected"
"Very satisfied, I fulfilled the expectations"
I bought 2 of these for Christmas gifts for my granddaughters.  They have only been used a few times.  One broke on the third time using.  Sad 9 year old is never a good thing.
"I was never able to get this machine to work at all.  Had it looked at by an expert seamstress and finally took it to a sewing machine repair shop.  They couldn't get it to work either and said it is defective and should be returned.  Unfortunately, it is too late to return because it took some time to have it looked at.  It has to be trashed, waste of money.  Wish I could rate it zero stars."
My daughter loved it. She is 12 and it was for her busy.
"Super, good service, all ok"
The bobbin ring that is supposed to pick up the thread from the needle was totally out of sync with the needle so it won't pick up the thread. You would think that mechanism would be high on their list of things to check before putting it in a box to ship out. That's pretty bad QC. From other things I have read on the interwebs it seems that it is a common problem.
She loved it because she was excited to learn how to sew at such a young age.
The needle on this machine broke within an hour of using it and a second needle bent. It doesn't have a reverse button either. It is easier for my 7 yr old to use our larger machine.
I love this product :)*****
"Haven't tried it yet, but looks great"
Happy I made this purchase! It a good start for someone who's never sewn.
Broke after a month
"Yes , it did perfectly ."
"This was a gift for my daughter, she loves b it and it runs like a dream."
"Bought this to help my four-year-old sew when my wife was sewing.  Plugged it in once, smelled burning plastic, and it never worked.  Our return window for Amazon has passed, and unfortunately, the warranty for this company requires paying shipping both to them and prepaid back to myself, which would exceed the cost of the product.  I'd prefer not to waste more money."
"Sewed great for the first day. Second day it just crapped out. Save yourself frustration, time, and money- don't buy it."
"Delivered as promised, good quality"
"I saw so many negative reviews, but decided to try it for this price... The machine is awesome! It arrived in a box, with instructions, it had electric scissors and a pack of threads as a gift! Very easy to set up, and easy to work for simple sewing!"
"perfect for a first machine! I love that it comes with the foot pedal, but you can operate it by hand too!"
I guess you get what you pay for. The bobbin was frustrating. Could use suction cups on bottom for stability and no reverse ....that being said I actially was able to see some pretty thick material
Dose the job well on any light material. Definitely not for heavy projects but perfect for small projects.
Great
I bought this for my 12 year old granddaughter and she was delighted.
"Horrible worthless piece of junk.  Bought at Christmas and I finally got around to trying it.  Broken on arrival and i cant even return it, because  I didn't open within return period.  The tension knob fell off.  Totally a waste of time and money.  Please don't waste your time or money."
The needle broke right away
I was skeptical at first after reading the reviews but i have to say i love it!! it does a very good job. And its so tiny love it.
"For the money its the best!
Started sewing with it right out of the box with out any problems.
 It is perfect for small jobs and sewed through double denim material with out and problems.
It is only limited by your imagination to use it."
"Does what it says. It is small and compact, great for learning."
"Used it one time successfully. When I tried to replace the bobbin, the thread in the needle wouldn't catch the bobbin thread to bring it up through. I'm very familiar with sewing machines but this one seems impossible to fix. I bought this for a friends little girl and I'm very disappointed. Crappy product and a waste of money"
"I bought this machine because i don't have a desk/corner for my singer machine.
Every time i wanted to sew small items i got lazy because i had to take out my big machine out of the box.
Now i have this cute little sewing machine, that sits on my computer desk - and i sew while i watching YouTube.
It works well for little stuff - i usually sew with it small craft projects like stuffed animals and doll garments."
cant seem to figure out how to get this thing to sew
Unit fell apart.  Never did sew anything
Good for small projects - said that the thread though gets entangled after a while with the lower thread. But this happens mainly in bigger projects. But for this price it is not bad.
"My 7 year old loves this item. It is small however, works great, good value."
Can't get it to work
it's only good for lightweight jobs.
"This was purchased for my daughter as a gift. She absolutely loves it. In reading the reviews, I was a bit skeptical at first about the quality and ease of use. My 8 year old uses this without supervision and has had zero difficulty in using it. The quality is as expected for the price, but I'm confident that it will continue to be used and loved by my daughter for years to come."
this machine does not work
I could not get the tension and bobbin to work at all.  This machine is useless to me
Complete junk!  Didn't even waste my time to send it back.  Right into the garbage Christmas day! Unhappy child!
"So far it's been great. Very easy to use right out of the box. Clear instructions. I was able to re-thread the needle with no problem!

Thank you"
"Maybe I didn't understand the instructions fully, or because I'm an amateur with sewing machines. I loses this thing exactly as the diagram (and what I could translate from the instructions), but every kind of thread I tried broke or jammed."
"I don't do a lot of sewing but on occasion I find a sewingmaching useful. This works well for me for my small projects/repairs.  I used it to make some simple christmas presents. At about $15 on special it was a good investment for me.  It probably won't work if you plan to be using it alot, the size could definatley be an issue if you were thinking about making a large project like clothing or a quilt but for those who only do small occasional projects it is definatley better than sewing by hand."
"Bought this for Christmas 2013, and still don't know how to use it. It's 2015!!"
Looks like a good tool but does not work. Very disappointed and returning it today.
Granddaughter's Christmas Gift and she liked it very much
It's little and does the job
"Love this little machine! I just recieved it yesterday and I have already hemmed 7 pair of jeans and 2 pair of pajama bottoms. I did have to manually turn the knob that moves the needle to get it through the thick part where the sides are stitched together because it would freeze due to the thickness, but other than that I've had no problems, I do use the low speed because I was afraid I would break the needle or snap the thread. It has already paid for its self."
I read the reviews before purchasing.  I thought I would just need to be persistent on getting the tension right and I would be able to get it to work.  Nope.  Even my mother who has been a seamstress since she was a teenager could not get it sew more than one straight line before it jammed up again and had to be totally rethreaded.  She probably worked with it for 4 hours before I told her to give up and I would just send it back.  I was really hoping this would be a great machine for a quick mend job but it just isn't worth the hassle.
"This is my first own sewing machine. Well, I guess I'll go for a better quality one. You get what you pay for."
Nice little starter sewing machine.
thanks
Excellent!
"TRYING  EVERYTHING, THE SAWING MACHINE IS NOT WORKING. WASTE OF MONEY. H.K."
"This never worked properly. It was given to my daughter for Christmas. She used it once, with my help, and without pushing the pedal it just kept sewing. She's lucky it didn't hurt her! We finally had to unplug it to make it stop. I would NEVER recommend this!"
My wife hasn't used it but I bet it's cool for small projects.
"It's not as good as what I thougt, but it's good enough for this price."
"It actually works!  Used it to fix a few shirts, coat and pants."
Junk!! Couldn't get one stitch out of it!!!
Very happy with item. Bought it for my 10 year old daughter and she loves it
Was a gift and they liked it
Just what we were looking for in a beginner sewing machine
Great for the price.
Perfect for my eight year old granddaughter. Only drawback is that it will not go in reverse.
Broke in the very first attempt in using it.
Not what I expected.
"it did it'd job, but took a while to get the hang of it or to get it to work properly"
It works well for small jobs.
does what i need it to do
This machine is a waste of money.  I bought it for my niece for Christmas and had to return it as it did not sew.
"Terrible machine, but vendor was great at return"
"Good product, fast shipping, would order again"
Works fine
"It has no reverse button, and I did not realize that when I bought it."
Only worked once. Needle stopped catching the bottom thread. Not worth the money.
I bought this to get through hemming 1 pair of pants.  The tailor would have cost more than the machine.  Even though the reviews were bad I thought I could sew 2 pant legs then get rid of it.  Well I got through 1/2 pant leg and couldn't get it to work after. Ended up throwing it out.. Would not recommend at all.  I wish I listened to the reviews.
"It broke very soon after receiving it, the metal piece that goes up and down (NOT THE NEEDLE PART) seems to have broken off what it rotates on, making whenever you turn it on a quick burst and then stop. Even if you continuously pressed it, it doesn't really work. Ill try to cut open the top of the machine to put it back on its piece, that will potentially destroy it, and definitely make it look awful and work awful."
Broke after one use and I wasn't using it for some crazy think material. I was trying to sew a regular tshirt. I contacted the manufacturer for help after it broke and they were very unhelpful.
"Bought as a gift for my granddaughter, she loves it!  Nice little machine!"
I'm glad I took the risk after reading some bad reviews on other similar machines. Bottom line on this one... buy it. It's not a proffesional machine but because it plugs in it works well for the basics. My 14 year old son with NO experience uses it just fine and we love it.
"I will give it one star because it is cute, other than that it is a big fat F. It does not work and has me so frustrated I gave up on it."
Machine never worked. Wouldnt keep the thread. So ditched it and purchased an better one
It's not very good at all. So disappointed for the little girl I gave this to. It will not stay threaded and the tension keeps getting tight...I wish I had not bought  this. I would love to get my money back. a piece of junk!
"Stitched once...after that one time, the stitches were not coming in, I was seeing the thread not knotted coming off... and finally, the shoe that holds the cloth in place broke off yesterday."
The tension is never right. Very hard to set
Ended up tossing it after it taking up space in my house because it's useless.
It is not worth it because it does not work
It is the perfect machine to get my daughter off and running. It is easy to understand and simple to use.
"Darling first sewing machine, gave to my 11 year old niece for Christmas. She loves it and we received it fast!"
suits my needs
"Was really excited works good for small jobs that doesn't requires really strong stitches, on the bad side machine broke after a week xD ..still hoping to repair it."
"I do not care for this machine. Pedal dose not work, stopped in mid stitch also smelled of burning plastic when in use!"
"First, this is a cheap crappy little sewing machine that looks like a working toy sewing machine that a young child might have. But, for the $12-13 I paid during the lightning deals it is well worth it. It allowed me to sew up a huge tear in one of my daughters princess dresses and to stitch a home in my work pants. Not bad for what it is, just don't expect it to be as useful as a a full size sewing machine."
Thank you !!
"The foot broke off when we put a piece of material under it, send it back"
Works well for such a little machine! Great for learning to sew.
"My husband and I moved away for his job for the summer. I needed a cheap sewing machine to just sew a few simple skirts for my kids. This works GREAT. It doesn't go in reverse but I just would flip the fabric back and forth to lock-stitch. Also, it came with so much thread! The scissors included with the thread were worthless but that didn't bother me much. I LOVE the electric scissors although they do snag and stop working on certain fabrics."
ultra handy
"With so much of this made of plastic, it broke the second time I tried to use it. I'm not sure if it overheated and warped the plastic which caused a tiny piece in the top to snap or what. I had to return it. It's not worth the money."
"Simple, easy and quick.  I don't like sewing but this makes repairs and modifications very easy to do."
Awesome little machine! Great for a child's starter sewing machine or for smaller jobs. It is great for portability! I love this machine!
"Pretty scary little machine.  I bought the machine for my 5 year old daughter to learn to sew simple straight lines, knowing I would be right next to her to guide her through the process until she is able to do it herself.  The needle thread and bobbin thread tangled up 4 times in a row and it is very difficult to get the machine to release the tangled mess.  I released the tension a bit and finally got a line going but the needle thread snapped.  Honestly, it would be easier and safer to teach her on my own machine.  I just thought it would be nice for her to have her own."
Great
Was purchased for my little girl for Christmas. We tried to use it immediately and she was so disappointed when it wouldn't work that evening. Had to promise her to get a replacement asap. Amazon was great about replacing it immediately but the replacement was just as bad. Horrible product. Really disappointed.
Easy to use and perfect for the new sewing fan - our daughter just loves it!
i loved it
I have fall in love with this useful machine !! I recommended for house alterations.
"We weren't exactly expecting heavy duty quality when we ordered this is a Christmas present for her daughter, but we did expect it to work out of the box. After taking it to a couple different places, including some sewing shops and seamstresses, it was deemed to be unreliable and worthless."
"This was a lot smaller than I expected. It was a Christmas present for my mom because she really wanted a sewing machine. It will do the job I guess, it's just a lot smaller."
Santa hit a home run with this purchase!!  Our 8 yr old LOVES it.  I don't even sew and she has taught herself how to use it!!  AMAZING.
"My granddaughter always wanted a sewing machine so now she is trying to sew everything.....I love it, thanks!"
This won't do heavy duty fabrics but you get what you pay for. Perfect for stitching repairs.
"I got this for my 10 year old who wanted to start sewing. I figured since it's small and simple it would be safe enough.
Well, it's safe alright, because it doesn't really work!! The bottom thread keeps coming off and it's impossible to re-thread. The needle will not catch the bottom thread, no matter how many times we started over.
Don't waste your money."
"Sadly, this arrived not working properly. my husband managed to get it working, but it lasted a whole 2 minutes. Definitely getting what I paid for. Pay the extra and get something better."
"very nice machine for the price. I got it for my 7yr old daughter and it is not cheap like all the "" childrens"" machines you can buy"
"Some of my dismay could be user error, but it just didn't do it for what we wanted."
"It was not what I expected. Okay, but would not buy again."
i hate it
Big enough for small tasks at hand. This is for my 6 yr old granddaughter and she had no problem handling it.  We made a pillow cover for our first project and she was happy with her results. It will take time for her to get used to moving the material as she gets comfortable with the machine. Right now she is afraid of pricking her finger.
i pluged it in for a couple of min and then it started smoking and almost caught fire it stucks
"I bought this as a gift for my 8 yr old.  She loves it.  It requires that a parent or other adult closely monitor the child using it.  By closely, I mean you must sit right next to the child and be prepared to do the sewing yourself as the child looks on.  It takes a bit of experimenting to get the tension set up right and the machine came threaded wrong so it took a bit of investigation before I realized that I had to rethread the machine.  Once it is all set up though, it's a good machine for a kid to learn on."
"perfect for a child learning to sew. The thread breaks every time you stop sewing which is frustrating, but child is getting really good at learning to rethread."
Works well for my 8 yr old
Granddaughter learning to sew.  She asked for this machine .
"HUGE hit with our girl. she has made simple pattern dresses with this little tank. easy to work with and as a professional seamstress, i have to say this makes me happy to see such an awesome piece of machinery."
"I read the other bad reviews on this machine, but my 6 yr old really aspiring fashion designer added a sewing machine to her last min Christmas list. I was going to buy a toy chainstitch Singer version or a Sew Cool (too $$$) when I saw this on lightening deals for under $13. So I figured at least she could pretend to sew with it if it doesn't work. We were politely surprised when using it right out of the box. I was tempted to rethread it according to the instructions from the thread holder thing on top, but decided to used the pre threaded bobbin that was already set up in the box. We haven't tried the foot pedal, but the on/off button allowed us to quickly make two small felt pillows and felt blanket for her DIY Dollhouse. It's very simple to use, even for both of us beginners. And it's much faster than hand sewing. I plan to let her use it alone soon, but since there's no needle guard,she's only using it with my supervision. It's def not a full sized sewing machine, but for Barbie clothes and minimal repairs on our clothes, I think it will do the job for now."
This was a gift for my 5 year old grandchild-her first to learn on.  She is totally delighted with the machine and is already creating fashions.  Her delight was priceless and with parental supervision this is an excellent learning machine
very nice loved it
I knew it was cheap... But it wouldn't work out of the box. Had to take it apart and fix it.  Doesn't sew smoothly or easily but at least it sews now
"So I like this, and it's small. I kinda thought my kid could enjoy it. However, the eyes of the needles are so small that neither i nor she can thread it. So. It's been sitting there for days waiting for my husband to thread the needle ... But it does work. I hemmed a pair of pants. One defect: the foot pedal did NOT work for me. Instead, I used the purple On-Off button. This means less control of the fabric. But for a $12.99 lightning deal ... it could be worse.
So ... a month or two later, it's stopped working properly."
i love it!! thank you
This is a great little sewing machine. I'm very happy with it and if your looking for a machine that does little things this is the one to get.
"Obviously this thing is a kinda a piece of junk. It freezes randomly. It is just a hassle to use overall.

However, I paid 13 bucks and fixed 70 dollars worth of clothes in the first day. After that it will just be used to trim small items I want for backpacking and add a new seam to reduce weight. It isn't going to sew straps or anything, but it'll save time overall. If this fits the bill for you, and you know what each part does (as it needs adjustment just to function) then why not for the price?"
"I was so excited to get my little nephew a starter machine, but you get what you pay for I suppose. He was so disappointed as was I. I've been sewing for fifteen years and in all that time NEVER experienced problems right out of the box. the needle jammed after about two seconds of holding the foot peddle down, when it didn't jam the top thread would fly out (yes I used the 10 inches instructed) The instructions are lacking. I'd have given one star but the were wonderful in returning it, paid for the shipping and instantly credited my account. I just really wanted this to work, it was a Christmas gift for my nephew."
Great for beginners.  8 year old first sewing machine.  She has been sewing everything and it has required minimal assistance. Just not 100% where to get replacement needles
Machine does not pick up from the bottom.  So much for getting the younger ones interested in sewing.
It does not stitch properly. Will be sending back for refund.
good
You will disappoint and discourage any aspiring seamstress by getting this for them.  It is horrible.  Once I was able to get the tension correct the machine would start and stop randomly and continually break the thread.
not really happy with it.... stop working after a few uses... I don't recommend it :(
Used once so far.  Did as it should works great in a pinch.  Will have to weigh out to get big machine out or this one.  Good for back up or for an emergency.  Gave it a 4 because there is no way to control bobbin tension.  Problem if you turn things inside out to sew.  Item looks like it was sewn sloppily.
I absolutely love this machine!! I got it for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas and she cannot get enough of it! It's so easy to use and fun! Perfect for quick fixes and great for kids to do projects on. Well worth it for the price!
Gift
Got the job done.
This piece of wanabe child sewing is a bad joke! 6 and half hours trying to lock one stitch. no way to return because of Amazons see u later policy! Call me to hear my real thoughts!
Very good
"Had a little sewing class with my granddaughter.  The machine sews well, and is not difficult for a sewer to use.  The wheel on the right turns a bit hard, as there is not much to grasp.  The instruction booklet says to turn it clockwise and the arrow on the wheel indicates counter clockwise???  So far, sew good!"
It sometimes skips stitches but in general it is a good machine for small projects. It's a good machine to teach a child to sew
No good
The idea is great but after one use the tension got screwed up and I've spent the last few hours trying to fix it with no success. I wouldn't reccomend it especially not for a child. Mine as well just light a ten dollar bill on fire and be done with it
Can't wait for my granddaughter to open it Christmas!
Too small
"Simply does not work. If you want to struggle for hours, can make it work momentarily, otherwise, save your money and at least buy a product one step up from this"
Worked good for 3 mnths .after that stitches got worst..also it is difficult to handle it while sewing..as it is so light weight that it keeps on moving..
Brought as a Christmas gift.
"It was MY fault I didn't pay attention to the size
{You can hold this little guy in the palm of one hand}
Would be great for a child's first sewing machine."
Started getting jammed up after 10 minutes.  I'm not a sewing expert - was trained in middle-school home economics......this was great for the first 10 minutes but the thread broke every few seconds after that.  Maybe the thread that came with the machine was bad?  I sure hope that's the problem
Fast shipping. Great for small projects.
I am experienced at sewing and the quirks of sewing machines.  I could not get this machine to sew a straight seam through t-shirt material.  I gave up after a total of about 3 hours.  I do not recommend this product but maybe I had a dud.  Thank goodness for easy returns to Amazon.
"Had it set up in no time and several projects done! Love how compact it is! Not for large intricate work, as it only comes with on stitch. But it does the job when it comes to dress up clothes for my kid"
never work ok.
stopped working within the first day....sent it back have not reordered it again yet!!!!
my wife like it
I can neve get my tension right its hard to .
I liked the sewing machine and it works well for small sewing projects. It only has one stitch and served the purpose i needed it for at the time. Its just too small like a toy.
Love it
It's really tiny.  I bought this as a gift so I don't know if it works well but it seems simple enough for some minor repairs or alterations.
A+
Very cheap junk. Broke after only a few uses. Total waste of money.
This machine works great the only thing is it doesn't stitch well on lace after a few tweaking i raised the tension and it still made looped stitches
"it is as it is. it's not bad, it works well. i don't understand people dislikes this product. it works with batteries or plug. you can bring it wherever you go"
Don't waste your money on this.  Nothing but frustration with the bobbin thread knotting into wads.  I did everything to try to solve the problem.  It simply would not fix.  I threw the stupid thing in the trash.
More like a toy. Would not stay on table
"didn't want to work. heard some thing loose inside , took apart found a screw loose inside and sliding bracket . repaired and work good for 3 small jobs thin not picking up the bottom tread no more."
"just okay. nothing special, it works"
Loved the idea. Just found out that this broke in one use. I bought it for my little cousin last Christmas.
Mmm
"Great little machine, works like a full size. It could use a light but the mini LED tap lights work great for this machine."
"Genuine Michley, in original box, it works great and at a low price."
"I am pretty sure that I got a defective unit, but moreover the instructional video has no sound and no closeups at all. I could not tell how the machine was threaded in the least. I became fed up with the lack of feasible manuals and threw my unit out."
Garbage. Broke after the first day.
"Never buy a child version of sewing machine even for a child. Because the material is cheap, therefore not sturdy. Although it is only for children, it is not worth it to buy such a machine to cause disappointment in your child when it quickly broke, is it? This one broke so easily 20 minutes after I tried it. I didn't sew denim ,etc, just a piece of thin fabric for testing. The machine doesn't pick up the bottom bobbin any more. You will see a lot of YouTube videos show you how to fix this problem for this model of machine, now I understand why, because it happens too often. After 5 hours of hard work (the screws are too deep unnecessarily to be reached) of fixing that issue, when I worked with it again, the engine totally broke. What a piece of junk,even for kids.  I learned my lesson, when it comes to sewing machines, no matter how low the price is, even it is free, I shouldn't take it, because an easy to break sewing machine causes your more dismay than a bad toy."
"Good little machine for one of the small ones. I had a problem with my bobbing timer when it arrived but it wasn't worth it to send it back, so I watched some videos trying to figure out what the problem was and was able to fix it. Since then, it has done well handling thin to medium thickness materials. It has good speed and I like the foot pedal. It doesn't have a light, but I knew that when I bought it. I don't sew that often so this is good for me!"
"Great deal...great machine... It took me some getting used to using a sewing machine but this baby does the trick. Simple to use great for many things..
S"
"I was a little concerned about purchasing this machine because the reviews were so different, but I figured for the price I would try it and with prime I could always send it back. Let me just say I am not a professional I wanted to attempt to make barbie clothes for my daughter because they are ridiculously over priced! I needed something very small and very simple. After reading the directions I began to sew. The only issue I had was the tension on the thread was to loose and it took me quite a while to understand the problem and fix it. Which is my fault because I do not know much of anything about sewing.  Once I fixed this I was in business! I have not had any problems with this machine. However I do not use the foot pedal so I cannot comment on that part of the machine. I have successfully made three dresses this far."
"Gifted the item, and the recipient loved it. Easy to use and relatively sturdy to be small. I consider it a great item for purchase."
Great and funny!
You pay for what you get. The price is cheap. The machine can only sew thin materials.  I tried hemming my pants and when it got to the thick seam the machine stopped. It would not go through.  The back lever does not hold down the fabric that well. I recommend that you spend a few more dollars and get a better machine.
"Cheap...doesnt work well...spend the extra money and upgrade off the bat, purchased for an 11 year old interested in sewing, limited abilty."
"So far, works very well for simple sewing jobs, easy to use, the right price. I highly recommend finding a You Tube tutorial for threading if you're an inexperienced seamstress like me"
We got this for our granddaughter.  We know she is going to flip over this.
"I didn't have expectations for this item just based on the price.  I was hopeful it would work for quick and easy projects like hemming no-demin pants and possibly a starter machine for my daughter.  Unfortunately I couldn't get a single stitch in without breaking the thread or a tangle from the bobbin.  I tried every tension setting, multiple different threads, different scrap material and different needles with no success.  I highly recommend spending a little more money and find a better machine."
GOOD...PRECIO..
"I got this in August this year to do some repair works on my clothes and for alterations. Every time I use it, I am frustrated, because, either the tension is too high and the thread snaps or the thread from bobbin loops and the amount of thread that gets used from bobbin is 3 times the regular amount. I no longer want to use this and want my money back!"
Good little sewing machine.  Granddaughter loved it.
"I love this machine. I was looking for something small to get back into sewing; starting with some gloves and other small accesories. I was able to mend a pair of jeans, alter a jacket, and start another project so far. The tension took a little playing with but I had no trouble with threading or the needling breaking like others have. 100% worth the $20 or so I paid."
It is great for small jobs love it!!!
"I've been trying to use it for 2 days, get between 2 and 4 stitches before the thread snaps, also the tension is too loose and tightening it only leads to the thread snapping again. Found a decent YouTube video which helped with some tricks as to the needle thread - because the users manual is 4 pages of fluff crap and don't really help with anything."
"This thing works! I would have given it five stars, but it is very difficult to thread. It is also very noisy."
Small compact good for someone who doesn't really like to sew but needs to.
"I made a full-size Halloween costume from scratch with it.  It was very easy to use, and easy to figure out.  Love it!!!"
"when i opened the package, the machine  was tangled up in various threads. It took me a week just to sit through the process of detangling the thread that was not properly secured. How frustrating. the long silver piece that sits on the top was no where to be found. it must have taken a beating in route. I guess thats what happens when it is packaged incorrectly. Needless to say the time expired and i could not return the machine. what was that 2 or three weeks of detangling? The sewing machine  is sitting under my livingroom table in the box. A big  waste of time and money. A little piece of tape to secure the bobbin thread and additional peanuts thrown in the box could have gone a long way; the difference between professionals and people who just don't give too shits."
"I purchased the Michley LSS-202 Lil' Sew & Sew Mini 2-Speed Sewing Machine from Amazon.com in August for my daughter for her September birthday.  We have tried playing with tension and really everything I can think of trying, but the thread keeps breaking therefore we are not sewing.  It is extremely frustrating and I feel that I am done with this machine.  I would like my money back."
no good
excelent
"This product was awesome. Used this for halloween costumes. Threading is a breeze if you follow the directions.  Not hard to use at all. I sewed through 4 layers of felt and a shoe string at the same time and it did ok. I recommend that before starting a thick section you advance the wheel by hand. This ensures the needle integrity, then you can use the foot peddle to keep going.  The money I saved using this to make costume items almost paid for it.

I should also mention that I havnt sewed since sewing patches on my BoyScout uniform, and I found this very easy to use.

It would be nice if it was reversable for back stitching, but I did this by lifting the clamp foot and sliding the fabric back a little and advancing the wheel by hand.

The power siccors are a little scary looking, I left them in the box."
Perfect thank
"works as well as one could expect. It's a very handy little machine, perfect for those small jobs! I will say that in the instruction book it says not to mess with the tension. Well you're going to have to if you want to sew any material other than cotton. Just play with it a little. Anyone with some sewing experience can get pretty decent results out of this little machine."
"Note that I don't come with any sewing machine experience, but this machine worked for me despite the last SEVERAL 1-star reviews it received stating that it doesn't work at all.  It did exactly what I would expect from a $20 tiny sewing machine, and for the throw away price of $20, it still gets 3 stars.  Don't aim for any fancy sewing.  It has one very simple stitch. I used it to make halloween costumes that I will only wear one time and for minor fixes.  It also sews at a speed I would expect for something so cheap too but it was still 50x faster than what I had been doing which was sewing by hand.  So I was happy.

I hate that it doesn't have an instruction manual but I found an instruction video on YouTube (""LSS202 Sewing Machine Quick Start Guide"") that was faaairrly helpful.  It took me about an hour to really understand how the threading works and how to make it catch the bobbin, but after that was determined, it worked fine for me.  Now here's a very important point I'd like to make for making the thread work and the instruction video I saw on YouTube. When I inserted the spool at the top of the machine in that extension stick that looks like an antenna, it absolutely would not work.  The thread kept breaking and wouldn't even sew whatever I was running through the needle, and the thread kept breaking.  However, when I took the spool out of the ""antenna"" thing and just used a bobbin in the second location (shown in picture attached)...voila! it worked! the thread no longer broke and it actually sewed!  It took me a long time to figure that out, and that was in realizing that that's how the machine had come setup with thread by default.  So I hope this helps some of you out there."
Good
"You get what you pay for. I got my money's worth. This is the thing. Buy good thead,  needles & a foot from a real fabric store. Put some velcro. Or something else to hold it down and you have yourself a good $20 sewing machine. I really sew,this isn't my idea of a real one but it works well with a few tweaks."
"If you are looking to sew anything serious or substantial, this is not the machine for you."
My Micheley was already broke when I received it  :(
"I wanted to give this 5 stars, but I can't.
First off I do want to say that when I got this machine, I was packaged nice, all parts where there and it came on time.
The scissors that come with this were great at first, cut fast and clean, but after about 2 weeks they they became dull and would only work at a decent pace with new batteries, until one day it completely stopped working and I threw them away.
As far as the machine it self goes, it was awesome (in the beginning) but when I wanted to start using it more, the thread would not go through the fabric. I tried a million things to fix it and nothing helped so I ended up throwing it away as well.

For a beginner I would definitely recommend this machine, just be aware that you get what you pay for and the product will not last."
lovely product
excelente
"Very nice little machine, great for my grandchild who is learning to sew."
"I researched the Lil Sew & Sew quite a bit before purchasing one for myself.  There are several good videos around the web showing this little machine in action.  Seek them out as part of your research.

As you research reviews, I think you'll find the overwhelming consensus about this sewing machine is that you are getting what you are paying for.  But what does that really mean?  Certainly no $20-30 sewing machine is ever going to be as good or impressive as machines that cost 10x or more.  As such I would recommend you do a little soul searching on what it is you expect to accomplish with a sewing machine before you make any investment, even if the investment is as little as $30.  I'll share the couple of reasons I was in the market and why I ultimately did purchased this little sewing machine.

First, I had a project that required sewing some unconventional material (a bit on the heavy side) and the project only required a straight stitch (nothing complex).  I did not want to take a chance on ruining the timing or motor on the family's nicer Brother sewing machine and the task was too big to consider sewing by hand.  After watching a video where the user sewed multiple layers of demin, my mind was put at ease that the machine would handle the simple stitching for the heavier material for my project.

The second reason for considering this machine was to provide my kids a platform on which to learn some basics of sewing.  Once again, part of the motivation here was to provide a less expensive and entry platform to spare the more expensive Brother from possible abuses at the hands of little learners.  Given the price is not much more than say Fisher Price pretend play sewing machines, I figured we could not go wrong.

I have no regrets in buying this machine.  It has served both of my purposes very well and I think it is a good value considering the price included a starter sewing kit and the sewing machine.

Pros:
 - Light weight and compact size (could be consider travel size)
 - simple mechanics
 - Manual or foot pedal operation
 - inexpensive
 - includes a starter sewing kit.

Cons:
 - It's compact size can be one of the bigger CONs as it would be difficult to work on larger projects
 - only one simple stitch
 - foot petal is small and very light weight
 - not for finished projects, (meaning could be used for temporarily tacking together a project or kids crafts, but not really for making clothes or nicer objects)

Best for:
 - Young beginners (who's parents do want to risk having to send their larger and more expensive machines in for service)
 - Odd projects that do not require the finesse of a finer machine with more options
 - A light weight, travel friendly utility sew machine"
junk
Not sure how this has worked out. I can't really rate it.it was a birthday gift for niece. She was thrilled to get it.just hope it works out for her.
"I don't sew a lot, so a high end machine isn't worth the money or space it takes up. This little thing can be slid under my couch for storage. So far I've hemmed a curtain and made my daughter's costume. It worked beautifully for those and I really don't care how strong the stitch is. If you take sewing seriously you should probably invest in a bigger, better machine. But for the rest of us who don't do it often but don't want to hand stitch, this is totally worth it."
Very fast shipping. Smaller than I expected.
Love it. So far it has served me well. :) small and cute.
didn't work when got it.. don't waist your money.. bought for my 9 yr niece. she was disappointed.
I'm a decent sewer so I was a little hesitant about the machine. All the reviews said it was the tension that was the biggest problem. Have to admit I couldn't figure out why the thread kept breaking when I first tried it despite adjustment of the tension!  Then I figured the thread had to be positioned away from the needle in a very specific way. VOILA!  Made a cute little carry pouch!!  It sewed through multiple layers of stiff fabric. Love the foot pedal.  Definitely not as fancy as the regular sewing machine but I can't wait to use it on another craft.
I like itvery much..it's so light and easy to use...
Love It
"It's not very powerful, and hard to thread."
"I got this because it is small and easy to store and usually I am not sewing much. However I could barely get in an inch of stitching before the thread became tangled, knotted, broke. I kept having to adjust the tension but it was just frustrating. I think I donated it, because it made me hate to sew, I now have an old singer and it is so easy and it is one that folds down into a table so the space is not an issue."
Very good masin helpfull in home
Very cheaply made!
POS. Nuff said.
For a first time sewing I like the little machine
"Didn't work :-(

I brought it to a sewing store and they confirmed that the machine was unworkable."
"Not a good product at all. It never sewed right, even on the very first time. I bought this for my daughter after reading positive reviews. The thread tension was never right. I even took it to our local sewing machine shop, and they couldn't even fix it. Don't waste your money on this one!"
"I read the other reviews about how it breaks easy. I was hoping to be one of the lucky ones since I only planned on using it for really easy jobs. Within 5 minutes of using it, it broke. Waste of money."
"Perect! Cute and small and aweome for me, especially because I was just starting up. Not five stars because it won't thread now but it was awesome while it lasted and easy to use."
"This sewing machine is only good for hemming pants or light little jobs. I tried to hem my curtains and the thick material didn't do well so the hemming was done terribly with piles of thread in the back. Can't hem heavier material like jeans or thick curtains. I wouldn't recommend the machine for anything that is not light.
Also, no matter how much you follow instructions, the thread keep getting jammed and you'd have to redo your job. I think it's best to either do it by hand or get a real sewing machine.
As others said, there are no detailed instructions so I had to find videos on how to properly use the machine."
this product is very hard to use.  bought it for my 12yr old who has some sewing experience.  Her Grandmother who is also sewing machine experienced has not been able to figure out how to work this machine properly.  Hoping if I spend a few hrs with it I might get it going.  Bummed its so difficult when its perfect size etc for young girls.
very nice little machine.
"Short version: I've enjoyed working on the machine occasionally to fix it, have learned sewing basics from using it, and have been able to sew a few things.  It was broken on my first attempt to use it, and one more time since then.

The description given to a 2 star rating is that ""I don't like it"".  Actually I have really enjoyed this little machine, but only because I have been able to fix it and I enjoy tinkering with mechanical systems.  It arrived threaded and with a test seam sewn into a small patch of fabric indicating that it was working at the factory before shipping.  When I first attempted to sew my first test stitch it broke immediately.  I opened it up and a  plastic mount was broken.  This mount secured a metal arm coming off of the arm that reaches through the slot and bobs up and down while threaded. To fix the broken mount I drilled two holes in the body of the machine and used a zip tie to hold the end of the arm in place, and so far that fix has held reliably.

After sewing a scooter cover and hemming a pair of shorts cut from old slacks, the machine became inoperable again.  The timing between the needle and the mechanism that wraps the spindle thread underneath was off.  The bottom spindle thread wasn't being picked up at all.  So I had to open the machine again and this time force it to skip gears and test until the timing was functional again. The stitches are a little tight now, but it is working again."
Excelente
sent this back.  More complicated than my big machine!!
:)
"The purchasing of a sewing machine has been an item on my waiting list for quite a long time and now, it has happened.  The sewing machine has been moved from my waiting list.  This item was seen and purchased.  Let's see how it holds up. From the stitching of pants' pockets to the stitching of pillow cases, this sewing machine might be the answer."
"So I needed something to sew additional ties onto my child's crib bumpers, this looked easy to use and not HUGE.  I received the package, opened it up and it was already put together for me.  Super easy to use, however the instruction manual sucks, I had to watch a YouTube video to figure out what to do after my initial sew was finished."
Cheap. Place where Bob was supposed to go broke.
I was kind of excited to get it because it was small and easy to store and I could do a quick fix when needed. But when I set it up to use it the needles kept losing the thread so I found myself 're threading every stitch I made. Then the stitches came right out any way! You cant backstitch so good luck trying seal your stitches. NOT A GOOD PRODUCT!!!!!
broke after 1 use
"Awesome! Santa brought this for Christmas for a 8-year old girl, who fell in love! So far she has made 2 pillow case, an apron, and 2 stuffed animals! Not a problem from the machine from a novice sewer. Pretty sturdy little thing!"
I bought this almost 8 months ago. I have used only couple of time. Its good for the leaners.
GARBAGE. Arrived with the interior broken. Total crap.
perfect starter sewing machine.
"Loud, scary, seems very dangerous. Sent it back."
"This product does not maintain its stitching from the lower side means from under side Bobin.
Threads are not stitch the cloth from both the side"
I pulled it out of its box to use the first time and it broke. The mechanism was bumped and the thread lever broke. I am in the process of returning this item
junk
the best little machine I have a head very proud of it
"This little machine works great for $22!  I have zero experience sewing but I found a video on you tube that helped me figure it out, and I was able to alter my work uniforms on the first day I had it."
Good
Great for quick mends. I bought it for my 1yr old granddaughter to learn on and it was perfect. Just a little tricky to thread.
It is pretty decent for the price and does the job you get what you pay for so four stars on that note and on another the first review is not real about the college student who says you should read and give it a second chance.......etc BC she wasn't allowed to bring a real one across states or etc. BC if you go check out the portable sewing machine listed for 10.50 or so sane exact review word for word so I assume its the original saler or people he or she knows posting reviews to get you to buy this product be careful what you purchase based on reviews toodles!
"Ridiculous toy.  This thing is so tiny it would literally fit into a purse.  It has no weight to it, and is nearly impossible to keep upright.  I have sewn all my life and have used endless machines.  I thought this would be a good little repair stitcher when needed.  I could not get it to work at all,  It was totally useless."
very cute
It was beyond hard to even change the color thread and I am a college graduate.
happy
Not worth of money.
"perfect for a small apartment, and light jobs, like curtains and hems."
Very satisfied
my daughter loved  it alot great for kids..
its only worked for 1 or 2 times. after that it stop working. useless product
i hated it .Not working at all ......never able to get single stitch .
It does not work.
"This is a toy, not a sewing machine."
So tiny but works fairly easily. My first sewing project was a success! I bought it for a 6 year old who wants to learn but it will probably be used for my mending projects as well!
"This sewing machine killed my dog.one night it turned on by itself and went on a rampage.when I woke up there was blood and guts everywhere.other than that it works great , I highly recommend it.just make sure youkill the power when you're not using it."
Love this little guy. Great starter for those who want to learn how to sew.
"Works great! Good for simple home sewing. I have made a pretty skirt on it where I had to sew about 5 layers of different fabrics, and worked pretty good. The thread is breaking sometime, but probably I am doing something wrong, because I am beginner. Overall I am happy."
so so.....
We love it!
Bought this for my niece who wanted to learn how to sew.  Was disappointed.  It never worked when I got it.  A real dissappointment for my niece.  We ended up using my sewing machine which was a bit more intimidating for my niece but she handled it well.
"The Michley LSS-202 Lil' Sew Mini 2-speed lasted 2 days. I would like to return it, & get my money back. It's a waste of time & money for buying such a thing. AR"
Great little sewing machine.  I am not a professional seamstress by any stretch of the imagination - but this little machine is so easy to use that it makes repairs and alterations easy!  I highly recommend this for anyone who needs a sewing machine at home for quick fixes or making new items.
"Got this little gem at christmas for crafting. Have used it for so much more than that since then. Read the reviews prior topurchase and some were negative but if you use common sense , this little machine can do lots of things very well."
"If I could give this thing 0 stars, I would.  My kid was so excited to receive this as a gift so he could have a ""starter"" machine, being 11 years old.  We plugged it in and it wouldn't start.  We saw that it also ran on batteries, so we unplugged it and tried the batteries.  At that moment, the machine started making a loud nasty noise and then began SMOKING!  This thing is a safety hazard in the worst way!  SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!"
"Takes some getting use to. Took me awhile to actually get it to sew continuously without missing stitches. Other than that it does what it says, 1 straight stitch in 1 direction. I just leave the needle in and turn the fabric around and stitch again to get a ""back stitch"""
"Very hard to use, doesnt stay threaded.  Too difficult for adult, much less a child."
This broke the first time I used it. The company was very good about getting me a refund but I would not recommend buying this.
"I've had a lot of fun with this little sewing machine. Honestly, I didn't expect much from it given its small size and cheap price. I was surprised to see how much it can do. Of course it's not comparable to the bigger sewing machine. But for its value, it's so worth it. It's portable and good enough for beginners or for people like me who like to have things in the house that come in handy one day. I highly recommend this product if you are just looking for a machine for little sewing projects and do not want to spend lots of money."
Terrible product! Never worked from the moment I got it.  It would not catch the bobbin thread and the needle would not stay threaded.
my grandaughter received this for Christmas. and i have yet to learn how to thread the darn thing. i'm sure once that is accomplshed she can sew her little heart outbut for now nothing.
Easy to stich
"She loved it. It was small, cute and made her grandmother look above the rest as far as birthday gifts go."
"I bought this as an affordable alternative to a full-sized sewing machine, intending to use it for small projects (making my own pocket squares). 21 bucks for a sewing machine that could handle light duty sounded like a great idea. It didn't turn out that way. After carefully replacing the very cheap and thin thread already in the LSS-202 with some standard Hobby Lobby thread, I planned to do a couple of practice seams on a scrap of (very thin) fabric, just to figure out how it worked. I got about two stitches in and the rocker arm snagged against its plastic housing, I heard a crackling sound, and nothing. Upon gently rocking the machine, I heard a worrisome rattle inside. Clearly the thing was broken, and I got exactly zero use out of it. Maybe mine was a lemon, but my advice is to look elsewhere for a sewing machine. Either try a different brand, or invest in a real, full-sized one. It's back to the needle-and-thread from my sewing kit for me. Will be returning this one in the morning. Good luck."
It was tempermental and cheaply made.  Start button got stuck in the middle of first project.  Fixed it on my own but my son lost interest in fun project.
"It's a child's toy at best.  Broke by the 3rd use, unfortunately I missed the return window so it's trash to me.  Not worth it, just spend more money. I should have known something this cheap was not worth it. I thought it would be okay for just a hole repair here and there, but nope, it's not."
"I bought this sewing machine about 2-3 months ago. Now I'm not a big seamstress or anything but I took Home Economics in high school and this machine is junk compared to those machines. This machine broke last night while in the midst of a very important project. This was the 3rd thing I've ever sewn on that machine.  It does one straight stitch. No back stitch or anything else. The speed of the needle is one speed and that's fast. Not slow and the knob to turn the needle won't turn manually.  It does wind a bobbin,  but I only figured out how last night by looking on the box. The manual tells you but it doesn't really make sense. So I think this would be good for arts and crafts only. If you plan to do some real sewing like on clothes,  take your money elsewhere and buy a good machine."
Returned for refund.  I would not recommend this item.  Spend a few more dollars if you acctually want something that works.
This small one did not meet any of our needs and bought headache. Everytime the thread was getting stuck and the motor was also not good enough to give a smooth stiching. I returned this item and would appreciate that Amazon refund me as it did not satisfy the customer.
"My daughter really wanted a sewing machine...I don't sew, and I didn't know what to get her, but this one worked out great for her small and easy projects I could help her with having no experience. Threading the needle is somewhat difficult... but I don't know any different. :)"
It just continually broke down.... she still talks about how sad she is about this.  We literally spent the better part of the hour 're-fixing' and un-jamming this.
Kind of annoying that I ordered the machine for my wife thinking it would be white with purple buttons. The one I received has blue knobs. This 2/5 is solely for the fact that I didn't receive what is pictured. I'll be back to review the actual use of the product once she opens it.
the littel sew & sew is trash! the second one is as bad as the first! It cost me as much to return it as it did to buy it the first time! What a BIG JOKE!!!!!
"Well, I saved some money, about $5.00 a leg by hemming my own pants. The sewing machine works great! It is light weight, fast or slow and a foot pedal to start or stop. You can load your bobbins easily, feed thread from a side bobbin or a top mounted spool. Nothing fancy but nothing to break down either. No computer here. It even runs on batteries so you can take it camping! Seriously, it's a fine little machine I recommend for a beginner or an experienced seamstress."
"I have been wanting a sewing machine but did not want anything to big, so this seemed perfect. I don't sew a lot, but there have been occasions when I've wanted/needed to and wish I had a machine. I saw this and thought it was perfect...well size wise it is, but that's where it ends. The machine is flimsy and just not useful. It may be good to purchase for a pre teen to use, but not for an adult. I tried to use it once but it was like using a toy. I ended up donating it to the Salvation Army."
"There is nothing wrong with the sewing machine.  It should get a 5 star rating. But the rating is for how much we like it.  I am not sure why I thought that this was going to be a quickie sewing machine.  Just thread and go.  It is a mini version of a regular sewing machine with thread and bobbins and needle changes etc.  I don't like to sew, I only sew out of necessity. I just thought it was going to be a lot easier.  Mostly my problem."
"I have not actually used this but I love it just the same... I bought it to take with me when I travel, you know, just in case... it is a great size for that and if I have a granddaughter one day I may very well teach her to sew on it..."
"stopped working after only 1 use! actually itmakes some noises and looks like it is working, but it does not make any stitches. Me and my friend spent hours on it to make it work several times, no hope! I feel terrible for losing the receipt, I cannot return it!!! DON'T BUY!"
"This is almost a toy, small but for a quick fix, useful.  I did have to go over every seam since it doesn't have a reverse, but that's ok. It is a lot faster then having to set up my big machine."
stich very loose.  Did not stay threaded.  Gave it to a friend to play with as it was worth nothing to me
Spent an hour trying to get it to sew. I youtubed the problem and solutions online and found none. It seems to sew cotton fine..but I tried hemming my polyester soft dresses and it just doesn't sew. I ended up returning it. I'm so disappointed.
excelent good product
"Do not buy! Does not work! Does not catch lower thread. After the fabric is taken off that comes with it, it stops working."
"I should have known when I opened the packaging and there was thread tangled in the cords. After about an hour of trying to get the thread to catch on the bottom bobbin which did not have a cover I finally got it to catch but, as soon as I would begin a stitch the thread would knot up. worse purchase ever."
"doesn't work very well, you get what you pay for, luckily I sold it at a bazaar, to a dumb 10 year old got $20.00 for it."
"When it sewed a hem, I had dangling threads all over the place.  I am not understanding why? My sewing machine expert looked at my machine and could not figure out the problem.  She thinks its a tension problem and that is the way the product came ----- broke!!!  And they won't let me return it, because I am passed the 90 days, but since it never worked and I waited for an expert to look at it, and it was a manufacturing defect from the start, they should return it and I should be refunded."
"I bought this for my 9 year old hoping that it would get her started sewing and it doesn't even work straight out of the box. Foot pedal won't work tension it to tight. What a waste of money, got my daughters hopes up to let her down....."
"I just wanted something small to do small repair sewing projects.  This little machine was perfect.  I was so pleased with it I made a duvet cover and a curtain the first time I used it.
I did have a problem with the bobbin they had on the spindle where the spool of thread should go. It was all threaded so I used it until it stopped working. It had not been wound properly so would not unwind.
Other than that I'm very pleased with my little sewing machine and hope to get all my mending jobs done.
I was also very pleased to learn the ON button makes it sew steadily until you push it OFF, so the foot pedal is not needed and you can sew non stop.
I would recommend it heartily to anyone wanting a great little machine."
"Totally unfamiliar with sewing,  this machine just does what I need it to do. The big test will be doing buttons for which it wasn't designed but which I hope I can do one stitch at a time (I hope)."
This is super cute but my battery compartment does not even work and the thread is very cheap. Will just invest in a better little sewing machine.
"I bought this machine because it looked cute and it was only $20. I needed a machine to adjust the length of my curtains. Well that's exactly how much it lasted.
After trying it again for another project it was no longer working. I tried anything.

My advice is to use the $20 and buy a better and a bit more expensive machine."
My granddaughter loves this and it is easy to operate.  She had made a pillow case and has started another project.
Bought this for my daughter to learn sewing on. She has loved it!! I've had to use it a few times and it's super easy!!
"When I got out of the box a piece of fabric was stitched on it and I removed it. It was a pain! Then when I used fabric I wanted to test it one, it wasn't sewing! I looked it up and found how that I have to take the thing apart to fix the issue! I thought this would be easier than hand sewing but by the time I have this god for saken thing working I would have gotten the job quicker with hand sewing! I feel like I completely wasted my money."
"Potential to be great. Cheap parts and it broke on the first day. Easy to use though, my daughter was very sad."
"i used it yesterday to resize a tshirt and it does the basic stitch, but it is enough for a beginner like me. it does its job. its already set up for you so thats a plus.
it comes in a rather large amazon box, but it extremely light and portable. The foot pedal is lovely.

UPDATE
second time i use it: it won't sew anymore. :O getting a replacement so i can finish the project i am working on"
My grand daughter loves this machine. We did have to fix it several times. Parts and needles are easily broken.
"Got this for my younger sister, she was absolutely ecstatic, she uses it almost every day, can be a pickle to figure out but overall great for the price :D Don't expect a high quality product however, it's plastic and while it serves its purpose it doesn't do the very best job of it"
"This is a simple sewing machine. It works awesome if you know how to use a sewing machine. Just keep in mind, you are paying for a simple sewing machine...so it's meant for simple jobs (like home sleeping clothes)."
"Complete waste of money... Poorly made toy that is passed off as a legitimate product...I purchased this little sewing machine as a gift and the 40 odd days of Amazon's ""return policy"" didn't allow for an adequate time to actually use this flimsy joke of an item. Keep looking if you need a small sewing machine because even the simplest of sewing tasks is impossible to achieve with this item."
This lil sewing machine works quite well.  It's a lil confusing to set up but I went on Youtube to see how to do it.  I like it and am learning to sew so I can hem my own pants.
"Perfect for small jobs, and it takes so little space wich was one of my concerns. I got it mostly for hemming pants. So far I'm happy with it."
"Never got it to pick up the bobbin thread and sew consistently. Ended up just giving it to Goodwill. Bought a Brother sewing machine and it sews like butter! Love it. I'm finding I really like Brother brand (printers, sewing machines). They are high quality for reasonable price."
"Tried as soon as I got it, and it bent the needle. I took it to several people that sews, and they said there is something wrong with the machine. The place where the bobin goes is turnning and that's what's bending the needle. If they couldn't have done anything, so I know I can't."
"it was not worth the money and was terrible! don't buy! i will never buy this brand ever again, period."
WASTE OF MONEY. Don't buy it. Started making hom emade teabags with it and five minutes later it randomly stops in the middle of a seam. Started working fine after that so I shrugged it off. Three seconds later the needle is bent and my work is destroyed. Terrible machine. Just terrible.
I guess you get what you pay for - the foot pedal doesn't work at all and the machine doesn't work well at all. My daughter who is used to sewing on an adult machine was very frustrated with this one.
This worked for 2 minutes and internally broke my daughter was defistated! would not recomend at all! very poor product!
i liked it but it is very delicate. it is not very durable for  a young person to handle .
"This is perfect for my daughter provided it holds up this time.  The first one we bought broke the second time she used it- the needle would not stay threaded.  However, the return/exchange policy was extremely easy.  I had a new machine within 2 days.  So far this one is doing great.  If it doesn't hold up, we'll keep it because the accessories included are worth the price."
This sewing machine is a complete piece of junk! Unfortunately the return time was only 30 days and I waited too long! I can't get my $20 back! Several of my friends who are experts with sewing machines tried to figure out how to use this machine and each of them failed.  Lesson learned; don't buy a cheap sewing machine! Buy a decent one.
"This thing is great. My wife has never had a sewing machine and instead of buying a new couch she thought she would make slip covers for all the pillows and cushions on our sectional. She had difficulty threading it, but found a YouTube video and she got the whole project done in a day. Awesome, effective, easy to use, small, not too loud."
My daughter wants to learn how to sew - so i got this for her birthday.  The needle got stuck on the first try and there was no way of fixing the machine.  What a disappointment.
I bought this machine for my 7 yr old granddaughter for Christmas. It is not the machine to buy if teaching a child. The tension was impossible to regulate and thread constantly broke. It's good for an adult quick repair machine
My 9 year old nephew has taken an interest in sewing lately and was making simply little cotton toys and bags out of leftover quilting squares. He can now whip them out much faster. A great learning machine for him until he's ready to hop on his mom's full size machine.
"Great Stuff,  I really get tired of everyone wanting you to rate purchase's.  If I did not think the item or the sellers were going to do good with the transaction, I wouldn't have bought it.

So hats off to this reseller.  He did his job well and now can reap his reward."
"I bought this product to make a quilt for my boy friend (now ex boy friend). I have used tons of sewing machines, but mostly the old and durable ones (think the ones that are built into a table and can be flipped over when not in use). I'm used to sewing machines that FLY, never getting caught up and doing serious work. This sewing machine is not it. Maybe I should have known this since it's so small, but I figured a sewing machine is a sewing. Well...it's not."
"I love it, great for beginers. I thought that it would be hard to set up but it was already threaded for me."
"This broke within the first hour of operation. Being rather handy, I opened the machine to attempt a repair. The mechanism that connects to the needle to raise and lower it is too short and made of plastic, thus it comes apart. Then, the needle doesn't get raised back up because of this, and the bobbin mechanism catches and bends the needle. In an attempt to bend the needle back straight, it snapped with little pressure.

This is a great concept, but horrible execution and manufacturing."
"Very nice, works well, purchased for my granddaughter, she loves it.  Comes with electrical scissors, very nice too!  Well worth the money."
thank you
"First of all I get a lot of grief for being a guy and owning a  sewing machine (mine is a full size regular one), but it is a very handy tool for a lot of stuff. Anyway, my daughter is always wanting to use it (she is 6) so I got her this. Its very basic and  the movement is pretty slow for a sewing machine which gives me some relief that she won't send her fingers through it. I looked everywhere for some sort of guard to go on mine but couldn't find anything. Anyway I recommend this for younger kids who want to sew, price is good and it works, pretty basic not out much if she looses interest."
"Oh god, what a mistake to buy this machine.
It is my first time to use a sewing machine, so I want something simple.
When I saw that it can also sew denim, I believe it is good enough to fix my babies' pants and clothes.
Oh no, this machine can not work on many fabrics, like fleece, thicker jeans, so on.
Only summer clothes, it may work, I don't know yet.
Anyway, it is totally a waste of money and time.
Super disappointment."
"Upon initial inspection, everything seemed to be OK with the machine.  However, it jammed almost immediately when my daughter tried to use it.  Looking at it closer, I found that the thread guide take up lever seemed to be stuck.

Since it was so inexpensive, I decided to open it up and found that a screw holding a flimsy plastic bit that keeps the lever from slipping off of its track had obviously been over-torqued at the factory, breaking the clip as well as part of the post that the screw attaches to and allowing the lever to slip off, rendering the machine useless!

I was able to fashion a replacement clip out of a piece of metal and managed to attach it and the screw to what was left of the post.  Afterwards, the unit worked as advertised and my daughter spent the next several hours happily sewing things together.

Lastly, I bought this as a last-minute Christmas gift and it was supposed to arrive on Christmas eve.  Unfortunately, that was NOT the case (it hadn't even left the warehouse by then) and it finally showed up a couple days later.  So much for 'guaranteed delivery' dates.

Considering the price paid, I'm happy with this purchase, but disappointed that I had to repair it upon it's first use."
This machine is perfect in every way. Small enough for easy storage and my daughter to use. No job too big or small for this machine. It's really good for beginner. We like to use foot pedal but it works just as good without. I highly recommend it.
Purchased it for niece and she loves and loves her sewing machine . She can't wait to make more clothes for her dolls
This machine is great for beginners and kids!!  I would give it 5 stars but it only does one type of stitch.  This is great for the basics!!
"I have used it to repair my comforter. Its light weight easy to work and stiches well, I am pleased with the job it did"
Mine arrived broken ... the lever just ceased up and that was the end of it ! It lasted less than five minutes!
"So inexpensive, and just super easy to use. I love this product! I have even been able to make large pieces of clothing! It works like a charm."
the thread broke constantly until we bought some new thread.  it works great other than that. its very light and easy for my daughter to take with her.  She has learned to make many things very quickly and on her own at age nine. it is wonderful for kids and adults to really learn to sew on a real sewing machine. its great!
"Amazing performance, value for money, very handy and very useful, for small small stitching job, we need not to depend on a tailor and it is not economical too. Battery operation very amazing"
Impossible to thread My daughter and grandchild are so disappointed .I wish l knew how different it was to use
The machine broke on the first use. It does not work and is very bad quality. I was very disappointed.
I bought this machine for my daughter. It was easy to set up and use but it has locked up on her. We have taken out the bobbin and retreaded the machine. It remains locked up and she can't use the machine. Buy a better machine.
"I bought this thinking that I could hem pants. The thread continually got jammed in the machine and it was so frustrating to use, I threw it away. My mom has a nice heavy sewing machine and I can hem pants on it fine, but this little machine was too delicate."
"It was very cute but it Came to
me broke can not use it so have tried to send it back but had no idea how too return it so have broken sexing machine I can do nothing with"
"I gave this sewing machine to my grand daughter for Christmas.  I couldn't even sew on it.  The tension is messed up.  It looks cute, but it is worthless."
"It was broke when it arrived,,,there was something lose inside the machine rolling around,,,my little niece was very dissapointed,,,,don't know what to do,,,,,!!!!????,,,,please help,,,,"
"I love that it's small and easy to carry because it's so lightweight. Also it's easy to use. However, it's frustrating when I'm sewing denim because the thread will break or it gets stuck. But other than that, it works well with other fabrics.  Also,I expected it to have purple knobs, as in the picture, but I received one with blue knobs. Anyhow I enjoy using it to sew."
I thought this would be a good little machine to use the few times I would but it did not work well and really hard to return as I could not seem to get a return label from them.  Finally the wonderful people at Amazon stepped in and helped me.  Love them but don't buy this!
"Bought as a gift for my 9 year old niece.  It sewed 2 straight lines of 4in and then it locked up.  The needle arm wouldn't move.  The bobbin was impossible to get back in the machine.  Liked the overall functions of the machine.  But didn't last.  Returning it for a more expensive better quality machine.  I was disappointed because I liked that it could be cordless and portable, unlike my regular sewing machine."
"Did not work, needle wouldn't pick up bobbin thread..
still waitingf for refund.guess I should have paid more attention to raitings."
"I purchased as a Christmas present for my niece who wanted to ""upcycle"" clothing.  She was thrilled.  Well worth the price."
What a Joke! Tried to use this thing and it jammed and jumped and was a crazy mess. Doesn't do anything that it claims it can do. Major rip off-- I returned it.
"I sewed a few small projects before this broke.  The thread started to tangle in the bobbin and no matter how I adjusted it, I couldn't get it to sew anymore.  Some online reviews say to adjust the tension, but even when I did this, it still had the same problems.  My friends who have been sewing for years also took a look at it and also couldn't figure out how to get it to start working again."
bought this for my daughter as a gift and she was all excited when she opened it. we went to use it and the thread keeps coming out and breaking. i tried everything and it doesnt seem to work.
I gave the sewing machine to my grandaughter for Christmas!!!  She is 9years old.  She really loved it.  We spent a lot of time making things together.  What a great buy.
"We wanted to buy a sewing machine, but have never used one before. We only use it for random stuff and heming, I will eventually get a good Brothers one I've had my eye on. It was hard to get the string through and so that it doesnt pull out when you begin sewing, but all in all a good little machine and super easy to store!"
I purchased this for my 13 year old niece for Christmas and was pleased to learn that she had sewed a stuffed animal and some clothes for it. Her mom was pleasantly surprised by how little assistance was required before my niece was off and running with it. The machine is not good for use with thick cloth and is pretty much limited to thin cottons/cotton blends.
"This machine wouldn't even sew for a hour after we opened it up. the tenisioner won't adjust at all.
I am returning it . would not recomend for any one . shipping was fast even through Christmas holidays."
"This little machine is great for hemming and maybe small sewing jobs. It meats up to my expectations and the price was great. Dont expect alot , but great for those little fixes. I would recommend"
"Got this for Christmas, did not last for long. Got broken  in a few days. Would not buy if i would know."
Many people will buy this thinking it will be great for a beginner or to do small tack jobs....don't. Threading is difficult and figuring out why it is not stitching after using a bobbin of thread is a mystery. If you read the return instruction it may cost you more money to return because it is not working properly. Save your self some time and aggravation and spend a little more and buy a full size machine.
This is the one she loved. I have not seen it in use but she was over joyed to see it.
This was a gift.  So far as I know it was a success. I was impressed with the construction being it was a toy.  It really sews like a big one.  Anyone could use it for small jobs and I guess big ones also.
Machine needs a great deal of adjustment to sew properly but does work like an actual Sewing machine not a toy
Purchased for sewing a couple of special projects and we are very pleased with it - works like a charm!
"I purchased this sewing machine for my 7 year old niece. I wanted a real sewing machine for her at an affordable price. It was perfect! I also appreciated the supplies such as thread, needles and pins that came with the machine. I wanted to nurture my niece's interest  in sewing and this allowed me to do so. She has already completed a pillow for me!"
It's much smaller then it appears on the picture but great for children cloths and linens. Would haw returned it for something bigger but it was pointless with the 20% restocking fee
Our nine year old granddaughter has learned to sew already(Christmas gift). She has sewn several items; skills are increasing quickly.
"My 9-year old loved it. She started making a lot of projects already like little pillows, bags,,,, With the low price, it came with everything you need and a nice set of thread. It is a real sewing machine and safe for kids. Everybody loved it so we bought 2 more for 2 Xmas presents for 2 other girls."
comes unthreaded A LOT. sews and holds. DOES NOT have reverse. you can manually reverse though. overall does the job!
"As working mother i hardly got time to search for tailor to alter clothes, pants or anything. But with this machine i can do a simple sewing by my own. It kind hard for a person without skill in using sewing machine. U need to have that basic before u start using it. However, cause of it's too light it easily move when using it and u need use it gently. For light usage, this is good."
Good product easy to use for my daughter makes for a good beginning sewing machines for the doll clothes o
Gave this as a gift. I have not heard how it works for them. I was shocked to see how small it was. How ever it was a gift for a child.
"I bought one for my daughter (8) for Christmas and it didn't work (I sew for a living so know what I am doing)
Returned it and bought a second one, again arrived broke - the arm was defective - sent it back for a refund"
"I am 12 years old and my dad let me review this *With dad's permission of course*. I love this machine! I am praciticing in being a fashion designer soon, and so far I made 3 dresses and 4 shirts and sold them all! It used to jam alot, but i fixed the problem.  Anyways this is a good machine for kids or adults."
"there's really nothing you can do with this super tiny machine. If you're looking to get into sewing, save up some money and get yourself a real sewing machine."
The needle broke as soon as I turned the thing on. I figured I wouldn't mess with putting another needle on. Back in the box it goes!
"Purchased this for my 4 year old Granddaughter.  Works great, she can thread it.  Like the fact that it has a slow speed which we use for her when sewing.  She loves it.  I feel this is wonderful for the money."
"I was going to purchase this as a gift for one of my nieces.  I changed my mind, purchased something else, but forgot to take this out of my cart.  I decided to try it and afterwards decided to keep it.  It was easy to set up and I was able to fix a few feet of the seam on one of my comforters in minutes.  It is worth the money I spent.  My only complaint is that there are only 2 speeds on it.  They are high and low, but behave like slow and slower."
First one broke right away and replacement one did same thing. My daughter didn't even get to use it At all. The tension broke both times on it and would not feed the tread. Recommend not buying and spend money on a different one as I know I am going to do my third time.....
I am a seamstress and this product is a great find to teach sewing for anyone willing to learn. Comes with everything you need to start sewing fun!
Mi grandoughter Love it. It is just perfect for her. You can teach giras how to sew. Have fun with it!
Gave this to my 9 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  She was ecstatic.  She has already started making doll cloths.  Perfect for a beginner.  It is not over the top on price or learning curve.  If she really picks up on the hobby next year we will up grade her.
got this for my GF for christmas she says its ok and the dorections were terrible. its cheaply made but what else u gonna get for $28
"Chose this item for a gift for my grandaughter. In particular I was attracted by the hand driven option, in addition to the foot pedal operation. I was disappointed in that the hand pedal has not speed control and the speed using this option is not suitable for a child. Another disappointment was the machine is lightweight which initially I thought was a good feature but it easily moves and shifts during the sewing process and needs to be held down which makes it non functional.  So, yes it is small and lightweight but not very functional."
"Great little machine sews very well when the thread stays in the needle, we are having problems with that. I am not sure if its the tension or what but we get it going and sew a line but then when we cut the thread (leaving plenty of thread on the line) as soon as we go to sew another line the thread pops out. My daughter did mess with the tension wheel when she opened it so we may just need to keep trying so when you receive it leave the tension wheel alone. Other than that we love it!"
very unhappy since the pedal does NOT function! this was my daughter's Christmas gift which turned out to be faulty with a non functioning pedal...
"Bought this for my 11 year old, and it broke completely after a week of use. It's cheap and cheaply made."
This is a machine that is to hard for a 10 year old to do  I would not buy this again very disappointed  in it
I bought it early for a christmas present.  So i didn't try it out.  So when she opened it and want to sew something and the motor was blown and wouldn't even move the needle up and down.  I tried to have it replaced but there is only a 30 day replacement so now I just have to live with it and spend more money for another more reliable company locally.  That will teach me to plan ahead.
"This small sewing machine is very simple.  I wish there were a bit more functions, like sawing backward, but I can't complain, since I didn't pay much.  Generally I like it, especially the size (our apartment is very small).  My 7 year old daughter likes to use it as her first sewing machine, too."
"My granddaughter wants to sew. I bought her this machine for Christmas and she loves it! I got her some fabric, we drew some patterns and it's great!"
Very confusing still trying to get it to work..hopefully i can get it soon...really thought it was a easy setup
"it's difficult to get the bottom bobbin treaded and the stitching doesn't hold well, also the top thread comes out a lot were constantly having to retread it. It works ok its the perfect speed for my daughter just always having to fix the tread and the bottom bobbin"
"This was wasted money. This machine is way to complicated for a youngster to operate. Way too hard to thread and the tension mechanism is ridiculous. Would not recommend this. The extras, scissors and filled bobbins, were the only good thing about the package."
I bought this for my 9 year old daughter who wanted to learn to sow. I was taugh by my mother at a young agar and she was taught by her two parents how to use a sowing machine. Anyways as far as machines go it's not the best but for small first time learner a it's perfect. She was able to make small shirts and things. Obviously you need a few extras like thimbles for fingers but all in all it's perfect for little begginers.
"Ordered this for my daughter, we got it all set up and it didn't work. Will be returning and will not purchase this one again. The bottom thread was not picking up"
The Michley sewing machine arrived right on time and as a gift seemed to be a real hit. I think that the girls will really enjoy working with it.
I bought this for my 7 year-old daughter as a gift for Christmas. It is very easy to use and she has already started making things with it. I will probably even use for some alterations. Love it!
I got this for a Christmas gift for mu Granddaughter.  It is pure junk  Will not stay threaded and tension will not adjust
"I guess that you have to do guess work when you use this product there was no manual included and of course there are issues i did write a review that this was liked but now I am not very happy with this product I sent this as a gift now I have to go online and search for a manual. the issues are like others have written the tension is to tight and the bottom is too loose. I will not buy another machine like this in fact I may end sending it back if I can't find a manual "" who doesn't send a manul with a product """
"My fianc's 11 year old daughter was given this for Christmas and it is junk. The thread snagged, and re-threading it over and over just made her and myself frustrated. I know it is cheep, but not worth those tears."
I expected better quality.  I've had the springs pop out . Haven't sewn one complete seam yet. Would not recommend for someone under 12. Machine seems to light weight and moves around too much while trying to sew.
"This is a small and rather cute machine.

Let me start first by saying, the machine works well, for what it is.
I bought it for my 9 year old since it was small and a rather simple machine.

That being said if you have every used a older sewing machine you will understand what I am saying when I saying the tension is a bit finicky. It takes a bit of adjusting to get it just right. Even though the instructions that come with it say it is set just right, moved even a bit and it is off and has to be set. If you bought this for a younger person, first few times this will most likely have to be done by a adult helper.

Other than that I think this machine is pretty great, easy to thread even for my 9 year old. It even has the new feature of being able to be run by the foot pedal or a on/off switch on the machine. It has a low and high speed button. It is easy to carry around so your young new sewer can take it to any room to use and it comes with a nice sewing kit and electric scissors. All in all I think it was well worth the purchase.

Was delivered on time and as advertised."
Very disappointed. The Manuel on how everything works and what to know is wrong. Biggest problem was the tension on the bobbin was too loss so nothing holds and there is no way to change it or anything
"This rating is based on the condition of how this package arrived. We have not used the product yet because it is a Christmas gift and that is why I didn't send it right back! When I opened the box it looked like someone had just thrown a bunch of junk in a box! The thread was all over,none of the items were wrapped up,the wires were tangled up. I was very disappointed. Now I just hope the product will work!!"
"Now I know why it was named that. You'll be saying ""oh that so & so @#!!&#@"" once you start using it. The best part of the deal was the electric scissors, they are great.  Getting it going was just the beginning, god forbid you have to change the color thread already on the Lil' Sew & Sew which I did. Good luck getting the thing re-threaded. The instructions are worthless. Once I accomplished that I started to hem my pants which took about 2.5 hours total time. If it didn't skip single to multiple stitches constantly I would of finished in a good amount of time. Try to use the included seam ripper, I dare you.  My finger nails are sharper. The small scissors are just as useful, a spoon would cut thread easier.  Bottom line, I wish I spent the money on a professional.  If you enjoy a challenge and frustration I recommend that Lil' Sew & Sew. If you need alterations done, find a seamstress or tailor."
I received the sewing machine a few days ago for my daughter for Christmas. When I pulled it out of the box it is tiny! Not sure how well it works yet but I think we may have to upgrade our daughter in the next few months.
"SO far so good.. Good for light sewing or novice sewers.. Hemming clothes,  button replacement, and other light weight  odd sewing tasks can be done with this sewing machine. It is a full fledged machine and very dainty too. Small and quaint and so it doesnt take up hardly any space.
 I will say this though which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars. The small size does make threading the bottom bobbin difficult. I got it done but I shutter to think when it runs out or needs to be changed in color. I used tweezers  to get it done so its not impossible, but can be challeging. Either way , its a good price to me and I do recommend."
"This is more suitable for a child..light weight, flimsy but easy to use I do not recommend it to adults"
"Michley Lil' Sew & Sew LSS-202 Combo Mini Sewing Machine, Electrical Scissors and 42-Piece Sewing Kit

Hopefully So  ? ????"
"On/off switch did not work, was afraid to give to my daughter. Seemed fairly well built but did not want to risk further pribkens"
"TERRIBLE
the machine comes pre-threaded, with a little bit of fabric. it sewed on that fine. BUT once i tried to sew with my own fabric, the needle would not stay threaded for a single stitch. i've changed the thread, the fabric, everything. no dice. this product is truly awful, and i'm very disappointed."
"I was't expecting a Singer quality sewing machine when I purchased this little guy, and for kids and light crafts it would be perfect, however it lacked the ability to adjust the tension, and wouldn't stitch quite right for me."
CUTE for a beginner! Never tried it yet so hope for the best that it will work. We got it for my niece. Fast delivery and I like it. It really looks beautiful so hopefully it works on her job. Thank's Amazon!
"Bought for my daughter, plus extra's, she loves it! It was a birthday gift and so affordable, had it shipped, arrived on time"
The machine didn't work at all. The bobbin thread wouldn't catch upper thread. Would not recommend. Sewing kit that came with it was ok though.
"This little sewing machine works okay for small jobs, although the thread keeps getting snagged and I have to re-thread often."
"I had to send this back for a refund the thing refused to sew something was wrong with the tension and there was no way to fix it, i followed the directions and still it would not sew. However, they did pay for return shipping and refunded the cost so over all it work out i guess."
"it works well for me. I made a duvet cover, fixed blankets, hemmed a few pants, and made a coat for my dog. Next project is stockings. The only downfall with this machine is that it moves. Because it is so small and light weight it will slowly get pushed back as you are sewing. And another thing is the spooled thread that was included, it was knotted very badly on the two black spools"
"Can somebody please explain how to thread this thing?! The directions are NOT clear at all, especially for the bottom bobbin. I am new to sewing and completely lost :("
"I was disappointed.  Could never get the stitch tension regulated.  I had planned to give it to may 8 year old grand daughter for her birthday, but purchased another instead.  I did give her the package of thread and related items and the electric scissors."
"This was a horrible choice for my 10 year old!! Was VERY dificult to operate and infact never got it to work!! I would NOT recommend this to anyone!! And I know how to see very well, I thought getting her a mini version for herself would be fun but it was a big disappointment!!!"
Does an awesome job for basic sewing. I make slippers and quilts and it works perfect for me. I have used it for small repairs and big sewing. It only has two stitch sizes but that's all I need.
"I got this to experiment with sewing before getting a real machine.  It was adequate to let me learn a little about sewing and do some simple projects.  It does chain stitch only, and can do chain stitch in reverse.  It doesn't have an automatic bobbin winder.  I didn't know that there are prewound bobbins in white and black thread, but I wish I had, because it would have saved me grief.

I used this machine to make a few simple sewing projects - mostly different styles of tote bag.  I stripped out the motor (I was sewing denim, too, though, so this is not really the machine's fault), and then was able to pick out a real sewing machine.  Using my knowledge of how to thread a machine, and machine motion, I picked a Singer machine up at the thrift store that was missing one small part of the foot and was 1/3 the price of the next cheapest sewing machine.  A quick trip to the sewing store had that Singer working.  And, it was actually a much higher end machine than the more expensive ones at the thrift store. Then I did lots of sewing with that one.

From this Michley Lil's Sew and Sew, I did enough projects to decide whether or not I wanted a machine, and enough to learn how to select a machine.

I don't think this is good fro children, because (1) it's more frustrating than a real machine, and (2) it doesn't have a need guard and it feels likely that someone would sew their fingers.  I never sewed mine, but it was sometimes a little scarey to use this."
"Arrived very quickly within a week. Tough to get started with stitching. Finicky little gadget. I have been researching online ways to better make it work and so far all I've found is to adjust the tension thingy. Another thing is the bobbin has a mind of its own. The understitch is crazy and all over the place while the top stitch is perfect...sometimes. This is my first machine and I hope to get it stitching okay as I am starting a small business from home sewing small scarves. If not then it's off to foot the bill for a bigger and better machine. It is cute as a button though, and it might just go into the hands of my 8 year old, within a day it will probably be in the dumpster because he will more than likely break it. Would I recommend it...yea and ney. Yea for its cuteness and if you are only doing hobby stuff, you won't mind if it messes up. Ney if you are using it to make a little bit of change. Definitely small project machine."
Can not get the tension right in order to sew a one hem. Tried for over an hour and my daughter just cried.  My mother even tried and she is a very experienced. Would not by this unless you are a very patient person that has a lot of time to sew.  Not good for children that are just learning it will turn them off to sewing.
Works Great for it's size and bought it at a great price! Used it to sew curtains and pillows! Hasn't let me down yet!
After only one month of owning the product i broke suddenly during one of my projects. This item is very unreliabe
I loved it!! It's so easy to use and it's small enough to fit any little corner of the room.
"This is very cheap and would not even sew the material I needed it to. I would say this is an okay machine to learn on but if you want something to turn out nice, buy a full size machine. The scissors that came with it are junk too."
i did one project and it stopped working...its easy to sew with but try and change out the bobbin...save your money and buy a good machine..i doubt i can get my money back...btw the machine comes pre threaded so will work till the bobbin runs out..
shipping was fast. I bough this for my 8 year old daughter and my grandmother took it over shes floored by it...one heck of a lil machine.
"I purchased this after watching my young granddaughter (w/autism) hand-sewing clothes for her Barbie doll.
I was impressed with the price, and even moreso receiving this in less then 3 days with the free shipping option.

To make it easy for my granddaughter to thread this, I placed small red arrow stickers as guides so she knows where to put the thread (not sure how to post a picture showing the arrows here, and can email photo's upon request).

Long story short, a few days later I ordered two more sewing machines so all 3 granddaughters can have a slumber/sewing party at gramps on weekends..."
very bad..not worth buying..once thread over ..its too difficult to put it again.i felt waste of money and time .
"I'm very, very happy with this little machine.  In a tiny house, a smaller sewing machine is easier to deal with, I love its portability, and it worked great right out of the box."
"Michley LSS-202
Do not like this product. I tried several times.

Did not need a large sewing machine. But I could not get the bobbin to thread correctly, would not sew. The bobbin thread would bunch up!"
This product is not user friendly or easy to thread at all...!! I made this purchase based on a prior post from another customer that stated she was very happy with this product... This is one of the first items I have purchased that have not been true to statements from prior posts stating the product was good.
the reason I choose to rate this item is to let others know that it is excellent for home usage
"I bought this machine because I only need to do light bits of sewing, such as hemming my pants, and I didn't expect much. I got less than I expected. When I first turned the machine on, the motor whirred, but the needle failed to move up and down. Since I live 60 miles from the nearest UPS drop point, it is uneconomical for me to return anything as cheap as this, so I decided to open the machine and see if I could fix it. I might add that I am fairly good at fixing things - I have a degree in engineering physics and have taught physics for several decades now. What I found inside was similar to what I have seen on the inside of cheap toys. There were injection molded plastic gears press fit onto cheap steel shafts and held in place by plastic bearings. One of the pinion gears had split between two of the teeth and was not meshing properly with the gear it drove (unfix-able). The electric motor was the ultra cheap variety made from stamped sheet steel which I would expect to last for a very short time even if nothing else broke. To summarize - don't waste your money, spend a bit more on something that won't break if you look at it hard."
Needed something for small job and this seem to meet my needs.  small enough to store away and pull out when needed.  small enough to put my desk when needed.
"not worth the money.  Really.  Before I bought this, I read all the reviews and researched even further watching videos and still bought it against my better judgement.  There is no way to change the bottom bobbin and there were no instructions that came in the box.  Mine is now trash..."
Worked one day. Purchased item because of reviews. Advised to purchase regular sewing machine as girls get to frustrated with little sewing machines.
"I bought this for my girlfriend and she uses it all the time, easy for her to figure out and use. She has had it for over two months and hasn't had a problem with it yet."
"When I can get it going, it sews great. But there's something wrong with the bobbin.  It jams up repeatedly.  I'm sure it's a flaw in the product  That happens to all products now and then.  I'll be sending it back. Perhaps the next one will work properly.  The thread that came with it breaks frequently."
"Bought this, was a little small for what I expected. Just wish there was more directions inside. Was affordable and nice though!"
"Works great and easy to operate for small patch work although thread that comes with it is cheap ,I would recommend this and the price is great"
Nice for a kid to learn the basics..but it might not be as durable..it was the best price I found
"This was all set up and ready for action... except they forgot to put some strength in it. I thought it would be nice for when I have to go to video shoots and instead of carrying a huge machine bring this little thing along.  I was not able to sew anything with this machine. It was cheap and a waste of $20, but I blame myself for thinking it would actually work. If you are serious about sewing don't go cheap. Stay away from this."
"Clear and simple:  This machine does not work.  The upper and lower threads won't connect to form the stitch.  I'm not one to write many reviews, but I have to share this one with you."
"I was pleasantly surprised with the first few stitches, but after 10 minutes out of the box the whole machine went to crap. Bobbin thread started nesting, top thread was looping, and even after rethreading, reading directions, troubleshooting, tension changes and watching video after video from the manufacturer, I gave up. I've had the machine for 3 hours and am already ordering a different machine. SERIOUSLY disappointed. What a waste of time and money. DONT BUY!!!!!"
"I will start off saying I have sewn an entire quilt with this machine. Sure it is finicky at first, but once you get going it doesn't pose much of a problem if you have experience. The tension is touchy and the fabric can pull and bunch if a skilled hand isn't used. That being said, I think they market this machine towards children....yea not a good idea. I can see a kid getting frustrated and upset with it. Twenty dollars doesn't buy you much these days, but this is a good buy for a crafty person who does a little sewing here and there, or just to have as a back up. I bought it because I am getting my new nice machine for my birthday, but that is still a couple months away and I have presents to sew. I imagine it's a good buy for preppers as well considering it runs on batteries and is so small. (Hand held sewers are the worst in my opinion so don't even try one.)"
"Thread kept getting stuck after first couple threads , then the needles would bend and break.  Waste of money and time setting up.  Sending back asap! Just awful. Speand the extra money and get a real machine."
This machine must have been designed by a retarded chimp on crack!!!!! It did not work properly and was a nightmare. Save your money and get some sewing lessons instead!
"I got this to try my hand at sewing.  It is by no means a professional machine, but I was able to make my first set of throw pillow covers with it!  Don't get me wrong, it has its flaws- like it's a little difficult to keep a PERFECTLY straight line (maybe that's the user) and I had a difficult time adjusting the speed, but again, for a first machine, to see if I even liked sewing, it was fantastic!

***Look for a You Tube video to help you thread it for the first time- this literally saved me from throwing the machine against the wall or finding the bottom of a bottle of wine ;)"
"This would be a great machine if you were say... imprisoned.  If I could just give this thing another solid 10 hours, I just bet I could get it to work.  No one wanted this machine to work more than I did. I just spent the last 2.5 hours hunched over the teeny thing.  The bobbin does NOT pick up the thread.  I read a former review on how to fix that. I fixed it! Guess what?  The bobbin still does not pick up the thread.  I am shocked I was even able to calmly re-package it and send it back instead of throwing it out the window.  Which would have at least felt better. Do not waste your TIME!  Oh how I wish I had listened to the other reviewers who said this..."
"I can only use one hand, and my larger machine had gotten to hard for me to handle.  Thank you very much."
For my first Sewing machine I must say that I am very happy with my purchase. I would have given it 5 stars but I had a bit of a time trying to get the thread through but then again it may just be human error. I would recommend for first time users. Can't bet the price!!
"I got this for my birthday. I was wanting something small that I could learn to sew on. This was cute and small and looked perfect. I was so excited to use it, but it would sew a stitch and then skip seven or eight stitches. I ended up sending it back. You definitely get what you pay for in this product."
"An actual sewing machine would perform much better.  Took it out for a test run - the bobbin tension can be a bit loose, so it requires me to pull while sewing occasionally.  But from simple and quick crafts, I suppose it will do just fine."
"I read the mixed reviews about this product, but I felt there were not that many options to chose from for a child's sewing machine.  We got the machine this afternoon for my 8 year olds birthday.  She read the instructions herself and with a small amount of oversight started using the machine within about 20 minutes.  The needle hole is small but since my eyes are bad I always use a needle feeder which worked well and I showed the 8 year old how to do it and she pretty much has the hang of it.  Buy this product.  So far so good, Day #1."
It arived broken and cost more to fix than what i paid for it. At least I got all those colered threads
"I just need it for one project and previously never had done anything with sewing machine.
Finally got it working, still not sure how to control the speed, or is it even possible."
"This item is so poorly made, it's a shame that Amazon carries it. Of all of the purchases that have been made from this site, this is the only one that is absolutely regretted. If I could give zero out of five stars, I would in a heartbeat. First and foremost, the thread that comes with this piece of crap is worse than the actual machine. The stitches that this makes are terribly sloppy and bunched underneath because the bobbin casing was broken out of the box. For the cost I shouldn't be surprised, but placed way to much stock in the other reviewers comments. Please, please, please save your money and do not buy this crap. It broke completely on the second use. I would have sent it back, but it cost more to ship the garbage than it would be to throw it away."
"WILL NOT CATCH THE BOBBIN THREAD.  I have been futzing with this stupid machine for over 2 hours.  I have threaded and re-threaded the machine, turned tension up, turned tension down, threaded and re-threaded bobbin, used different thread, used different material.  All to no use.  It will not catch the bobbin thread and I get absolutely no stitch.

I'm throwing this in the garbage and sewing by hand.  A big waste of money."
"Worked maybe five minutes, then needle thread would not catch the bobbin thread.  No amount of trying, including watching YouTube video instructions, would help.  Seems to have been made to quickly end up in garbage dumps.  Too bad the consumer has to waste their money and time in between manufacture and disposal!"
"I wanted a small, lightweight machine to do small projects, repairs and hemming, without having to haul my heavy, full-size sewing machine out of the closet.  I have just used this for the first time to do some very basic sewing and so far so good.  It came pre-threaded, and included a manual with threading instructions, although for anyone familiar with sewing machines it would be easy to figure it out even without those aids.  It is very basic -- no fancy stitches, reverse, etc. -- but it is perfect for my needs and for under 20 dollars it's a terrific find!  It even comes with several threaded bobbins and an extra needle.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to someone with basic needs such as mine, or as a young child's first sewing machine.  It would be nice if it had a light -- and that is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 -- but for the dirt cheap price it's a very acceptable omission!"
"This sewing machine is being used by my 7 year old.  It is dependable, and I have to admit that I have used it in a pinch rather than set up my large machine!  It will sew multiple layers, but it will skip stiches.  The tension has a spring/dial adjustment, but it doesn't seem to matter how loose or tight it is adjusted - it seems the same.
It did the job.  My daughter is using the sewing machine, learning the basic parts of the machine and the process of sewing.
The cons:  no reverse, no zig zag, tension difficult.
The pros:  has telescoping spool holder, can be battery or plug in, can use foot pedal or just on/off button, and the best feature is the speed is adjustable - slow or faster.  Faster speed is not too fast - still good for youngsters."
"So I haven't spent much time working with it, but after a short test of my new mini sewing machine, here's my preliminary review: It is as good or better than I expected for $18. It functions exactly as it should, and seems to be capable of pretty much all of the things a full sized machine would be. There are some drawbacks though, and they all have to do with it's size. First of those is that there is very little space for your right hand when guiding your fabric. Second, the foot petal is so small (and rather cheaply made) that you don't have hardly any speed control. It's kind of all or nothing, and because I'm an amateur it's difficult for me to keep up with. There is an alternative to the foot petal which is a button, and a low or high setting for when you're using it. I don't find it helpful at all. I like to use 2 hands for guiding my fabric so using the button is awkward. Also, the low setting is still pretty fast. Third, I don't know for sure but can imagine it doesn't have a whole lot of power, so using it for denim or another thick material might prove challenging. All in all though, I am really pleased. I think once I get to know it it'll be super handy and I'm very glad I purchased it. Once I complete an actual project I will review again."
My son really wanted a sewing machine (weird huh?). We chose this one because it does not have girly colors.. when it came it was blue not purple which was even better for him. I liked the one year warranty that came with it.
"I bought this just to make small things... hemming, pillows, stuffed animals, etc. .. I didn't want to spend $70+ on a sewing machine if there was a chance that this $20 would do the job. AND IT DOES. I absolutely love this little thing.

It is not for multiple layers of really thick material, but i'd guess it would sew about 4 layers of jean material just fine...
(but for making skirts, dresses and stuffed animals and blankets, it's perfect!!)

it takes 4 AA batteries if you don't have access to an outlet. Otherwise, it comes with a power chord. AND A FOOT PEDAL! you can operate it manually as well, but I can't believe a $20 machine came with a foot pedal, when a lot of more expensive ones didn't.

Obviously, I am very happy with this. I have already made 10+ projects in the week I've had it.  even if it only lasts for a month, I would buy it again."
"I bought this for my 8 year old daughter who wanted to learn to sew.  I thought this size was good for a first little sewing machine.  POS.  Doesn't work at all!!  I have been a sewing for years, so I know a few tricks when it comes to sewing machines...this one is just garbage.  Do. Not. Waste. Your. Money!"
Horrible.  The tension is completely out of whack and I can't get a decent stich to save my soul.  I haven't been able to use it at all - it's just become an unlovely desktop decoration.
"I tried for about two days to get this machine to work. I even watched a YouTube video of someone else explaining it. I could not get the bottom thread to catch at all.  I only needed the machine to sew together some pieces of fabric to make a pillow cover.  I ended up going out and buying a $79 Brother sewing machine, which was well worth spending the extra money on.  I have never been dissatisfied with an Amazon product before, but I guess there's a first time for everything, unfortunately."
PACKED POORLY!  It arrived in pieces.  I was heart sick.  They promptly refunded all my money - including shipping or maybe it was free shipping.  I don't remember.  I sent them a photo of the pieces.  They said to throw it away... but I saved the box and all the pieces.  About 6 months later - my son found the box and put it together and it is PERFECT.  The little foot pedal is adorable and very functional.  The stitches are perfect.  I've used it once. lol  But someday I plan on sewing all the things I am throwing in the need to sew drawer.
Truly fits in your hand and the ease of use is pretty unbelievable considering its size. It has a large bark for its bite!
I RECENTLY MOVED AND PACKED AWAY MY BIG EXPENSIVE SEWING MACHINE. I NEEDED ONE TO DO SOME LIGHT TO MODERATE MENDING AND DECIDED TO TRY MICHLEY LIL SEW & SEW. THIS IS THE BEST LITTLE SEWING MACHINE OUT THERE. IT WAS PERFECT FOR DOING ALL MY MENDING. I GIVE THIS LITTLE SEWING MACHINE A HIGH RATING!
Fixed 2 buttons and a belt loop on some jeans. Then the motor started having issues. I also didn't like how the device fills the bobbin with thread. Returned to Amazon going to look for something a bit bigger.
The sewing machine looked NEW!! it arrived and it's original box.and the machine worked  excellent my daughters are very happy.
"I was duped. I wanted something to sew hems and make small repairs. This cannot even do that effectively. The loops and knots are too loose and the thread kept breaking. After several hours of trying, I bought a real machine for only $20 more. Totally regret buying this."
"I have bought a lot from Amazon and I have to say I am in love with this little machine. I have had a love-hate relationship with sewing machines my whole life. They have never worked for me, the frustration level would be high after 30 minutes with broken needles and screwed up thread.  I ended up giving my $300.00 Singer away when I moved. So, now I needed to mend. I decided on this machine because of my track record and the price. I had nothing to lose.

Today I sewed 3 pairs of jeans, one top, and hemmed a dressed with minimum frustration. Hopefully this is going to help you.

Do not buy this for your child unless they are reliable. This is NOT a toy, despite the size.

Before you start, be aware of how it is threaded. If you thread it wrong you are done for. Bobbin was easy, a couple of threadings and you should be good. Use the needle threader unless you've got great eye sight. I use it for the other holes too, because they are quite small.

Make sure you have the button on low when you practice. Mine was on high and it was FAST! Actually startled me. I used the on and off button to sew as the ""foot pedal"" is really small.

There is no reverse on it so you have to turn your garment around.

WISH LIST AND OR NEGATIVE: I wish it had a light. ($) I wish it was heavier. ($) Reverse ($) The pressure foot level is plastic and unless you are careful it could break off really easy. I wish it was metal. ($)

Just remember to relax your shoulders and take a deep breath when you take it out of the box. It only screwed up when I threaded it wrong. I'm starting to think I could make something with this. I would gladly recommend this little machine."
"It's a really good little machine if you just want it to do little things, it is very small so it won't sew on thick stuff. It's easy to thread and I love it !"
The item works perfect for efforts on learning to sew! With little space i my apartment this is perfect! Seller sent quickly and product came as described!
"This Sewing Machine worked just few minutes. Stitches was not even and than it is stop working. just a noise.
If i want to return it it's a lot of problem.
if company decide that it is working i will have to pay $25 and this machine cost around $18. do not recomend it to anyone."
"used it for about 15 minutes and now its just sitting in my closet, really wished i had paid attention to the reviews."
I purchased this machine as a gift for a person with a developmental disability.  She is 60 yrs old and loved sewing by hand. She absolutely loves using the machine. It is very simple to use and she spends hours at a time using it.
"I love this sewing machine! I purchased it because I wanted to learn how to use a sewing machine for little things and it does its job! I am in college so it is a great size because it doesn't take up much room. It works great for altering clothing and making small decorative pillows. It's definitely not for anything heavy duty, only light sewing. If you need something for quick fixes that you can just whip out really fast this is a great product! It's taught me a lot about sewing and maybe in the future I'll invest in a more durable machine but for now this is perfect!

Update (July 2014): The machine is still running perfectly! I've used it now for several things including sewing a small tote bag, pajama shorts, and altering a dress. I plan on getting a real sewing machine soon now that I've learned how to sew with this one. It doesn't have a reverse sewing option which I've learned is kind of annoying but it still works by just turning the fabric around. Now that I've gotten used to it, I know what to do to get the machine to do what I want. Great buy if you are a beginner or want a portable machine!"
"I really love this machine.  I've been able to make 5 tops and modify several outfits.  It's very affordable and gets the job done.  I've given it only 4 stars, however, because the stitching is very basic (at times you may want to reinforce) and it does not work well on heavy duty or stretchy fabrics (it will skip stitches and at times not stitch at all).

If you've got basic fabrics to stitch and/or just need something affordable for simple projects, this is your baby!  I plan to upgrade to a better machine, but will definitely not be parting with this machine."
Took product out of box and it doesn't work properly.. The instructions are poorly written. Wish I could return the piece of garbage...
"I tried for over an hour to get this machine to work. I even watched a YouTube video of someone else explaining it. I could not get the thread to catch and could only get it to stitch on one side. Based on the reviews and my experience, I would guess that some of the machines were assembled in the factory correctly and others were not. I got one that wasn't and am returning it."
this thing was garbage. it didn't work worth anything. had a few sewing gurus mess with it and it still was worthless. ended up selling it for like $5.00 at a garage sale.
"Doing the same as the other poor reviews - thread breaks, won't catch bobbin underneath, won't make a stitch.  Adjust tension, ah, now I've got it!  Then the thread breaks.  Adjust tension, no stitches, or some stitches with big gaps where there are no stitches.  Watched youtube videos.  Too late to send it back.  Wish the seller would send a new one."
It is perfect for my six year old.  The only thing this sewing machine is lacking is a reverse stitch button.
"This sewing machine is great for small projects and quick fixes. It's small and not heavy. Also, it's easy to use. I made first stitches without reading any instructions. It works well!"
"It worked for one side, and it stopped! The most horrible sewing machine to ever exist! The thread wouldn't stop breaking and making me start ALL over again, and getting the string through about 6 loops is not something that takes less than 10 mins! Horrible, horrible, horrible! No other word to describe it! If we still had the original package, it'd be out the door and we'd get our $20 back! This deserves ZERO stars!"
"Great for relatives in India. Works like a ""real"" machine. I have personally used this machine in my home. It is wonderful."
We really like this sewing machine.  My daughter is 4 years old and she loves sewing material together.  The pedal is the only thing I would say is hard to use.  For the price it's a great little machine.
"For its price, this little machine is unbeatable for small jobs. It took me half a day and some tutorials on youtube to learn how to thread it correctly, but it was worth it. I am now able to shorten my pants myself and perform other easy and simple tasks."
"I should have listened to the other bad reviews. I figured a sewing machine for less than $30 wouldn't be that spectacular, but I didn't think it would actually not work right out of the box. I couldn't even get it to catch to thread, and it was too late to return. I wasn't looking to do any major sewing jobs, just minor things for my kids' toys and things. Now I'll have to sew by hand again. Bad bad purchase."
"You get what you pay for, so pay more! That's it. This machine was too small and flimsy to handle thicker projects."
"I didn't have high hopes for this little machine when I purchased it. I actually just expected it to sew through some simple fabrics, not even denim.

I used this on some thin material and it worked great!

I tried using it on a SLIGHTLY thicker material and it failed. It wasn't even super thick, I would say it might be just 3 layers of a tee-shirt material? I kept thinking that it was the tension problem so I kept adjusting the tension, but sadly it wasn't. The machine just won't work on anything thicker than a tee shirt material.

This machine would work great on simple projects that involves thin materials only.

I used this to make some cushion covers and it got the job done.

Buy this if you plan on doing small simple projects; like quick fixes. If you were to do anything using a thicker material, I suggest investing on a machine that is at least $100, if not it won't work."
"It is awesome price and good product ,good designer and style plus safety good one awesome colors am I right"
"This little sewing machine looked perfect for my grandson (at least it wasn't pink!). Perfect size and has a cute little foot peddle. He loved the electric scissors. They were the best part of this gift. The tension is so tight, it pulled the thread to the breaking point and loosening it caused the fabric to pull and buckle. Once a spool was put onto the spindle, the machine got markedly worse and then stopped sewing all together. I wish I would have heeded the other bad reviews on this item before wasting my money and disappointing an adorable little boy."
"This thing is junk.. I kid you not, it would start sewing and turn on like we had the foot pedal pushed down! It gets even more weird and irritating from here, the pedal was not even plugged in. Also, all the stuff people are saying about the stitch and jumping and thread being broke.. it is alllllll true. Worse purchase I have ever made on Amazon."
"It came quickly and works just fine you might have to mess with the tension a little bit
but that's no big deal. I haven't had any problems so far but I will update if any arise."
It is very small.  it works well.  it cannot sew through very thick cloth or many layers but that is to be expected on a mini machine.  the real test of a product of such a low price will be its longevity; if It survives even one year it was a good purchase for the price.
"It was small but, productive!  It was a total shock to my system, it is a wonder for the size!"
My daughter loves her little sewing machine.  I bought this for her birthday and she makes all types of doll clothes
"after spend several hours trying to get this thing set up and sew anything, I gave up, back it went."
"I needed something to stitch my sons boys scout badges to his shirt. While  little hard to thread, it was easy to use and got the job done"
"simply works, at least for simple things. Included all that was described. The price is more than worthy, highly recommend it!"
"The manufacturer forget the power adapter! I returned the sewing machine immediately after opening. Quality seemed poor, but clearly, I didn't use it."
"At first I was really excited about getting this little machine. I was going to use it to make bandannas for my dog with this awesome free load of fabrics I got from Calico Corners. But then it came, and when I tried to use it it just either left holes in the fabric or strung a line of un-stitched thread across the whole thing. I mean, hand-sewing my bandanna would have been faster than all the times the needle came undone and I had to reset the machine. I really do NOT recommend getting a little machine like this. It is useless. Better to invest in a larger and more dependable machine like a Singer. Even though it costs a lot, it will cost you less in the long run."
"We ordered this item and found that the stitches were not coming correctly and ordered a replacement.
When this item came back as a replacement, my spouse told me that it seems that the same item has come back(even before using it) because it had the same thread bobbin that she was using on the original one.

And sure enough when she tried it, it had the exact same problem as the first one.

Was this a mistake or practice...I am not sure.

I simply asked for a refund instead of fighting over it because I have better things to do."
"There are a lot of reviews trashing this machine because it's ""junk."" The truth is, it's a $30 sewing machine, not a high-end Singer. If you're looking to become a seamstress, you're going to need to pony up the dough for a real machine.

My 9-year-old daughter received this as a birthday gift so that she and my wife can sew together. As a beginner machine, it is excellent. She is having fun learning how to use a real machine while not messing with my wife's expensive machine. My daughter loves it and it has survived making pajama pants for about 10 Build-a-Bears, so far (which I think means it has paid for itself eight times over, already).

For $30, it's definitely a 5-star product. If you're looking for a heavy-duty machine, go up a class and spend the extra $100+."
"Tip #1: It arrives completely threaded so take closeup photos.  Then, when you change the thread, you can look at the photo to see how it's done. Tip #2:  Do not remove/change the thread until you are absolutely positive that you know how to thread it yourself. Tip #3: Take it slow and don't rush it.  Carefully read the manual and practice sewing while it is threaded. I spent over half a day, learning how to use it and made lots of mistakes along the way.  Tip #4: The Operational Manual that comes with it is practically useless.  It poorly explains how to do things and I found lots of inaccuracies.  Tip #5: Watch YouTube!  Look up LSS 202 and there are at least 4 videos.  Watch them all and you will be amazed how much clearer it is to understand.  I ended up watching the videos multiple times to get different sections right (how to load bobbin; how to reload thread on bobbin, etc). Tip #6: Might need a pair of tweezers to pull out the 'bobbin pin"" out of the hand wheel.  Based on the manual, I didn't understand what they were talking about until I watched a YouTube video.  It isn't even labeled on the directions!  Even then, I thought this 'pin' was missing from mine until, I used a pair of tweezers to pulled it out!  Be careful though, this is cheap plastic and might crack easily.  Tip #7: It is helpful to have some sewing machine experience.  I hate sewing and I haven't used or even owned a machine in over 35 years BUT, my mother taught me to use a sewing machine when I was in high school and so I know the basics.  Threading this little machine is similar to a real machine.  I also know how to pin and iron the hem so it stays flat when sewing.  But, if you are determined to learn, then sewing experience isn't required but you have to have a high frustration tolerance or not mind if its roughly done.  Tip #8: Probably better for infrequent sewing needs.  I hate sewing so much that I only need to sew about 1x per year (e.g. sew on a button).  I bought this because I had a few items that wouldn't be fun to hand sew (long tears in sheets from the dog) and a pair of jeans that had to be hemmed.  Once I figured it all out, it worked great at stitching up that long sheet seam and hemming the jeans (I even trimmed them in the same yellow color as the pockets-looked pretty professional).  BUT, it isn't a very strong seam so I wouldn't be surprised if it comes loose and I have to redo it.  There is only one type of stitch - there are no zig zag.  I had frayed edges on my jeans so had to buy a liquid product that would stop it from fraying.  Tip#9. Create a small sewing kit.  It is so small that I store mine in a 12x9x10 plastic file folder holder with a handle.  I put the machine in there with just a piece of bubble wrap covering it and also have enough room for all of my sewing notions.  I have two small thin clear organizing kits in the file folder holder too, one holds the different colored threads and the other holds other sewing stuff.  The pin cushion I just loosely throw in there.  I just store the file box on a shelf in the laundry room.  Tip #10. It is so cheap, why not buy it?  If you have very few sewing needs, you don't have much room for storage, you are willing to take your time learning it, and can be careful not to break it (it is pretty fragile and made of very cheap plastic), then this is the sewing machine for YOU!"
The thread breaks and can't figure out how to wind bobbin. Pulling it through is easy but getting thread on bobbin is difficult. Every time I try to sew the thread breaks.
"I purchased this for my 4 year old granddaughter who likes to sew with me when she visits.  She sewed on it one time and then something happened with the bobbin underneath and now the needle hits on something. It is no longer operable.  I tried to take the bobbin housing out to try and adjust it, but it does not help.  DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM.  Spend a little more and get something that will last."
I used this machine once and now no matter what I try the needle will NOT catch the bottom bobbin. Waste of money.
"This sewing machine was an absolute piece of crap! But Im not sure what I was expecting for 20$ Everything kept breaking! Luckily the company was nice about returning it, I just wish it had worked better. Dont even waste your time buying and returning this!"
"I would like it more, I bought it for my niece for Christmas to learn how to sew.  It doesn't have a locking stitch which is needed to learn to sew."
"I bought this product for my granddaughter for a Christmas gift. The machine gummed up, tension wouldn't change anything. I tried all different types of ""light"" fabric.
I got a 2 year warranty on it. I tried to return it the warranty through Wal-Mart is only for surge protection. They told me to call the manufacturer. I called them. The supervisor told me they would not send me a return label. They told me to look at the videos to trouble shoot. I have been sewing for many many years and know when a machine is broke. They wouldn't pay because it was outside the 6 month warranty. They said I should have called earlier. ""Company policy"" This company does not honor their warranty without making the customer pay more.
DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!"
Tried to use this for several small projects. Threading machine was confusing. Stitching not even. Jams all the time. This item was frustrating for me as an adult so I would not recommend it for children.
"I am not impressed by this machine, it has not worked and I purchased it at Christmas for my granddaughter.
I have tried to make it worked ever since that time.  It was too late to return it because I got it before the holiday.
I will not buy or tell anyone else to buy it."
"I like that it has the ability to run on batteries, which I didn't realize until I received the product.  It is excellent and I'm really happy i got it.  I have turned into a better sewing person and so i'll probably look for something that has different types of digital stitching capabilities.  But if it weren't for this, I would never have learned how to sew!"
Worked perfectly for me! Just open the box and get to sewing. It was threaded already and bobbin in place. Don't depend on the instructions because they are confusing! Just look the machine over before you use up all the thread so next time you can thread it with no issues.
"When I first started using it, I hadn't sewn in forever and it was easy to figure out. After a few uses I started having trouble with the bobbin but i am a beginner. I have a sewing class scheduled where they will teach me how to use my machine so it could just be something I'm doing wrong as opposed to something wrong with the machine. We will see. But, for little jobs it works great. Much tinier than I expected but useful for sma jobs"
"I was so excited to get this little machine to make t-shirts have a more fitted look. The first machine I got was defective as the bobbin didn't work. It's replacement's bobbin worked, but the machine just does not like jersey material as the thread would not catch and lock. The machine seemed to work well on their sample material only."
"I got this to sew fleece together, sadly it doesn't sew fleece at all :(
it does how ever, sew things like tee shirts well."
"I've been wanting a sewing machine for a long time, for little projects or fixes, but nothing major enough to justify a big 3 digit investment.
Finally I took time to look for entry level sewing machines and saw that one on Amazon for $20.  Reviews were good so I ordered it.  I received it this morning, spent 30 minutes to learn it and got my project done in another 30 minutes.
So much nicer than sewing by hand!
For my small sewing needs, the only advantage I would see in a bigger machine would be the weight : this one is so light that you have to hold it in place against the table with your picky and ring fingers and hold the fabric at the same time.
At least you don't have to use any fingers for the on/off button, thanks to the pedal.
If I would want to use this machine more often, I would look for a way to clamp/screw/glue/attach it to a table.
But I like its small size, it fits in a shoe box, along with my scissors and other tools."
"This little sewing machine saved me. I had two costumes to sew and a singular weekend to sew them. Without ordering this machine I wouldn't have gotten them anywhere near done. The thread trends to fall off from the needle if it isn't threaded properly, but this is a great alternative to having to fork out tons of cash for a huge Singer machine or something of the like."
"I got this machine because I wanted to start learning to sew. When I got this machine it wouldn't stitch. After I messed with the tension a little bit, I ended up getting some stitches. After sewing some patches, I was done for the day. When I went back the following day however, it wasn't working again. If you are considering this machine I would say that you need to have a lot of patience to mess around with the tension basically every time you start to sew."
"I've never used a sewing machine before, and I started out with NO CLUE on how to use one. I've never seen anyone sew and relied simply on youtube videos on how to use this machine. It's only been 4 days since I had it and I've already made a harness for my cosplay hobbies as well as a plush toy. This machine is simple and easy to use and is pretty strong. I tried sewing it over velcro and it even sews through the hook part which is a little plasticky and somewhat thick. :)
I totally recommend this machine, especially for this price!"
"I'll admit, I was skeptical.... but I read some of the reviews and decided to give it a try and went with one that said 100% money back if it didn't work.

with having no experience with any type of sewing machine I was anxious or it working or not. After a few YouTube Videos I was able to use it fine (trust me the written instructions are not worth reading)I am so happy that this little baby works! Another fear I had was whether it would come with any needles, thread, ect. This little guy came with 7, yes I said 7, needles, 22 bobbins, 16 spools of thread, a needle threader the foot peddle, the ac adapter, a seam ripper, a thimble, tape measure, a pair of scissors and a pair of electronic scissors! That's an insane bundle for $23! Even if the machine never worked, the accessories are enough to get my money's worth.

I like this machine so much that I have recommended it to my baby sister who enjoys quilting but does everything by hand for fear of machines. :) The only problem with this machine is that it cannot be used whilst my son naps. This little guy has a lot to say :)"
I'm got this as a gift for a friend who is an experienced sewer who travels a lot. Sad to say it did not work for her. Even with her knowledge of sewing machines and referring to numerous sources she could not get it to work. She said that the tension wheel does not work properly. Since there are only two settings this made it difficult to work with. Will never purchase these small machines again. So disappointed.
"Is is a SIMPLE machine of course. It was made to small work but i used it to teach my girl sewing and I have no complains, it works fine with light fabric and is very easy to handle. I recommend it!"
"perfect for begginers
best mini sewing machine ever! love this machine for beginners..
Ashley m. Craft
thank you a lot"
"I read reviews before buying and understood this was a smaller, simpler sewing machine.  I also read if you adjusted the tensioner it would work.  Let me tell you - I have been using sewing machines since I was a kid and this thing is a piece of junk.  I got maybe 12 inches of sewing done and haven't gotten it to work since."
I bought this one years ago and I used it just a few times because I had no time to sew something. But now it doesn't work after used less ten times
"I have used this for a few small projects, but you really need a big table to sew on :(.. The only problem I have had with this little sewing machine is that I can't get the ""pressure"" setting correctly sometimes.. so my thread just doesn't go in right."
"The machine looked great when I took it out of the box.  I purchased this as a birthday gift but have not give it to my grandaughter yet.  It is really for an adult but
I thought it would be more sturdy for a twelve year old rather than a child's machine.
She can sew on this as practice for a more diversified machine when she is a little older. I'm sure she will be very happy with it."
This broke within a third use of it and it is extremely hard to put the thread through.  Don't buy this item because you are wasting your money.
"This little machine works better than I hoped it would. It's tiny, it looks like a toy...it's cute. With this cute little sewing machine I made my 2 yr old a dress, a skirt and matching top, put ruffles on a pair of leggings and made a matching top for them! I did end up getting a full size Singer for Mother's Day so I am giving my mini machine to a precious little girl I know that wants to  learn to sew. I would certainly recommend this to anyone that wants to do light projects. You get way more than you're paying for, in my opinion!"
"I really had high hopes for this.  Didn't need anything fancy...just a machine that could sew a straight line on simple fabric and make a pillowcase.  My mother, a very experienced seamstress got it to work once, but it took about an hour of trying and messing with the settings and resistance knob.

Then, I took it home with me, and never got it to work again.  I probably spent at least 2 hours, very patiently reading the directions and trying every little thing.

I finally gave up and sewed my project by hand with a needle and thread.

:("
cool little sewing machine.  I am going to use this to repair holes in my socks. should be great....love it.
"Alrighty, I was skeptical about buying this little guy from reading the reviews. Many people were complaining this machine continuously broke thread and would never sew. Well guess what, they were right! Then people giving it high reviews were saying that people just need to make sure they thread the needle correctly and that won't happen. Guess what, they were also right!

So here is the thing, you absolutely NEED to thread the needle right. The instructions are a bit hard to follow if you are a visual person or haven't handled sewing machines before. So I found this youtube video that helped me. [...]

I too was constantly breaking thread, super confused as to what I was doing wrong. Changing the thread to your own helped me as well. The thread that came with it wasn't the best quality. As far as the tension is concerned I did mess around with it because I thought that is why my thread was breaking, but I was wrong. It was the way I was threading it. I put the thread through the wrong of the needle. I have sewn a few things with it so far. I just got it today and was determined to make this machine work for me!

There was another review that said this sewing machine was VERY loud. I'd have to disagree with that. It is not the quietest machine, but not as loud as that review makes it out to be.

Someone buying this machine for their child should know the buttons are actually blue when they arrive. It might disappoint a child if they had their heart set on purple. I am a sucker for purple myself, but hey, light blue isn't that bad! I just thought people should know just in case they were ordering it for a loved one.

I hope this little guy will keep on going for me in the future. Hopefully this will help some of you! I'm happy with my purchase :)

UPDATE: My machine has been working like a champ. I have made a bag for it, a purse, and a case for a tablet. I love it. I bought one for my sister that has a metal disability and she loves it too. While she was working with it something must have knotted up on her and threw off the machine. I took the machine apart and had to readjust the timing so the bottom bobbin would catch properly again. So if your machine does not thread the bottom bobbin anymore, it is NOT broken. To fix it you must push up on a clear looking plastic panel on the inside of the machine to allow the wheel around the bottom bobbin to freely rotate. Find the sweet spot (may take a little while) and it should catch it like new!"
"broke in seconds of use
maybe i got a bad one
was tiny and cute but had to send it back was promptly refunded"
"Ok, it is not a full function sewing machine.  But what do you want for $21!  As a widower I now do lot of my own mending and this is perfect for the seam that comes loose or some small job that I cannot find or really need a seamstress (or whatever the neutral term is!) to do this for me.  I had a couple of sheets where the seam had come loose.  Only needed a straight stitch.  Even I can do that.  Yes, it is very light weight but again for what it does it is remarkable machine.  Just know what it is and what it is for.  Want a full function sewing machine this is not it but if want it for small jobs, help a granddaughter make some simple doll clothes then this should be perfect for you."
"Well, I'm what  I consider a fairly advanced sewer, and  I felt I knew what to expect ordering this machine:  something slightly above a chain stitch which could help me travel and sew with a couple friends.  After all, how much could Michley give me for such a relatively CHEAP price!?  That was my goal... and to my surprise those expectations were exceeded!

Michley gave me ""more"".  :)

I received this sewing machine  fast... and was pleasantly floored to find that it not only performs well on the portability factor and makes more than adequate stitches, but - in fact- this was my first choice to finish tailoring a shirt that I promised I'd fix for a friend of mine.  THis machine literally helped me get my project done in record speed - and I had fun doing! it!  My project had begged me to complete it for months lol  (my poor friend lol).  I have such a feeling of accomplishment now!  And I am very happy with the sewing results.  The fabric fed evenly through the machine and I did not notice having to hold down the light sewing machine despite the heavy cloth I was sewing through.

But, wait... there's more!

Pros:

.  it seems straightforward and easy to thread both the bobbin and the main top thread.

.  it sews through not-so-friendly fabrics too

.  I LOVE the button start/stop feature, the two speeds, and the foot peddle (though the foot peddle can be a bit temperamental... to someone who has used the quality sewing machines, you may find it annoying that the sewing stops if you accidentally easy off the peddle at all).  The start button on the frame was one of the main reasons I bought this:  my mom has arthritis in her hands and feet so the foot peddle isn't the best way to go for her, but she is a long time seamstress who wants to take up quilting again... this will be easy for her to use, I'm happy to say.  mission accomplished.  :)

.  Everything is easy to find.

.  almost any kind of spool can be used for the top thread (I recommend strong thread though...)

.  it IS great for travel  :)  Especially a dorm room (if you don't have a picky roommate who hates machine noise)  I'd say, or RV travel, etc  ;)

.  the lock stitch is even and consistent

.  even though I went ahead and bought a used model, it is in great shape and is giving me no problems.  Just wow.  Let me assure you, I find this to be a great deal, and would purchase again at full price if necessary!  It's worth every penny.

cons:
you HEAR this one coming... if you live in a house that needs quiet, then be aware that you hear the insides of this mini sewing machine.  It doesn't purr... it gallops (only in sound).  Someone commented that they couldn't take it to their hotel room for fear of waking people up...  For me, that is not a concern because it was within noise permitters.,... but just barely.

the pressure foot is a bit too close to the body of the unit.  What this means for you:  sewing through thick cloth (which i did for the shirt tailoring project) takes a bit of maneuvering to first get the cloth to go under the foot... I used it just fine though.

There is no ""reverse"" on this sewing machine... and no zig zag stitch.  other models by this company have that, but I don't know anyone who has one for me to try so I can't comment on the other models.

Amazon,... Michley:
Thanks for my new sewing machine... I really am amazed at how much it can perform - even up against my picky sewing habits formed on the ""real"" (but not portable) machines, Michley's LSS-202 lil Sewing Machine held it's own and charmed me into using it for my WHOLE project instead of just the test I sat down to do with it.  And my expensive machine was sitting unused right beside it.  lol  That's charm!

Note: if you are new to this and have run into an issue with your sewing machine- don't give up on this little baby.  BIG tip: Know how to set tension.  That will save you with ANY sewing machine.  Know how to thread it BEFORE you rely on the pre-threaded  bobbin or you will regret it....  go on youtube for instructions if you want.  It DOES matter what direction you thread through the needle etc.

Thanks guys."
"So I've been using this for a bit and I'm really happy with it.

There's a trick that I've had to use though, since the seams aren't all that sturdy, after I sew, I sew back over it once or twice making sure to cover the original seam, especially at the ends.

Mine was delivered fast and even included some thread to get going.

It has two speeds, is easy to use, easy to re-thread, and even came with a foot-pedal.

Don't expect to sew thick materials though, I doubt it would do too well with that, I've mostly worked with materials about as thick as a thick t-shirt in two/three layers."
Bought this for use in our RV.  Small enough to stow...easy to use...great for mending projects.  Meets all our requirements!
"The sewing machine worked right out of the box. Sews thin leather for trinket bags and such. Small storage area required, whip it out and hem that skirt."
"Broke a needle right away when we tried it out and being this was a present for my 8 year old daughter who is an aspiring fashion designer....this made her cry.  Bought replacement needles and boom-same thing.  Not worth the time, stress or cost.  I am really disappointed because this was supposed to be a nice gift and start for a very sweet deserving little girl and now I am stuck with a unusable machine and a sad kid.  Not to mention out money which doesn't grow on a tree in my front yard last I checked. Also, if the color is a selling point-which it was for us because purple is my daughters favorite color....make a mental note...this comes in BLUE not purple dials.  For an adult, it probably isn't a concern but for a little girl it very well could be-especially when blue is a color they hate thank you very much."
We needed a sewing machine for casual usage (like ham the curtains). This cute little machine does that surprisingly well.
love the size of this. easy to put away and does not take up much space. you do have to kinda eyeball the tension though other wise  the tread will tear.
"the instructions are poor for a novice like me. the machine is cute but i am needing an experienced sewer to start me off correctly. i THINK i like it, but i am still unable to get going and am waiting for my sister's friend to give me tutorial.....that's not so good."
"Not at all pleased with this purchase.  Had to send it back, because could not get it to work.  Would not recommend this machine for any age, eventhough the price is low.  It was a gift, and when it did not work properly, it was very dissapointing."
"I have not opened mine yet, but my son bought one for his wife. He has used and and she has to with no problem."
Haven't tried it out yet but once I do I will get back on and give a better review or not.
"if i could give something less then 1 star then  i would like to give this product no star at all
its a cheap product............"
"I had high hopes for this little machine.  I'm 68 years old, been sewing since the age of 15, so I know my way around a sewing machine.  After moving into a condo and downsizing considerably I had no room for my standard size sewing machine with cabinet and gave it away as I'd not really used it much in the past five years.  I thought I could do what little needed to be done by hand, but my arthritic hands have proven me wrong.

The thread began breaking after about 10 stitches.  Repeated adjustments to the tension proved not to solved the problem.  The machine came pre-threaded with what looked to be poor quality thread, so I wound a new bobbin and used new thread for both top and bottom stitch.  Same thing happened about every 10 stitches -- the thread kept breaking.  At which point I packed up the machine and returned it for a refund."
Worked once and then I spent hours try to make it work but no success. The neeedle does not pick up the bobbin thread
This sewing machine isn't really that good. I wish I would've put the money I spent on this towards a nicer sewing machine.
My experience with This sewing machine is very good. I heard doesn't work for more ten minutes.. But it works for 1hr the first 2days with NO issues! Maybe cuz I USED IN LOW SPEED?  I'm sure for people who wants to do a professional sewing needs a better machine but this one is worth it to me for 23dls
"Nunca haba usado una mquina de coser, quise comenzar con esta pequea. Me encanta el combo que trae y por el precio vale la pena. Hasta los monetos cuando la he tratado de usar se me rompe mucho el hilo y no termina de coser la tela, no s que estoy haciendo mal. Pens que traa unas instrucciones y solo muestra sus partes. Lo malo es que aquellos que somos principiantes en el mundo de la costura si no hemos usado alguna mquina de coser se nos har difcil manipular una de estas."
"Really, what did you expect for this much? It skips stitches every a few places each time I use it and the thread it comes with is horrible and breaks constantly. I really just wanted it for small things around the house, so if this only lasts a couple months I wouldn't be surprised. But it lives up to what I expected. :)"
"This machine does light duty sewing but not anything serious.

Con:  there is a mistake on the instruction manual where it says to turn the wheel clockwise (to replace th'e bottom bobbin).  It should read COUNTER-CLOCKWISE.  Also, the machine is too light so that it moves all over."
the machine was much too light. it was bought for my grand daughter to learn to sew on; but it didn't work out. I kept it to take on vacation. never know when something will need mended
My wife does a lot of sewing and crafts and our little granddaughter wanted to learn. This is a great first sewing machine for a youngster obviously with supervision. It would be fine for basic projects for adults.
I've had this for a couple months. The bobbin doesn't thread. The tension needs to be really tight for the thread not to gap. It worked maybe a handful of times. Now the thread won't catch at all. This is totally worthless: I promise the time you'll spend fighting with this piece of junk is worth more than the extra $20 it will cost to get a sewing machine that can handle a plain stitch.
The only good thing about this machine is that it is small. That's it. It is the worst sewing machine I've ever seen. I've only had it for a few months and used it maybe 3 times and it's already broken. The tension is horrible and the bottom bobbin gets stuck A LOT. I used it for the last time a few days ago and the bottom bobbin holder broke and won't go back into the machine. It's a piece of junk. I wouldn't waste my time or money on this thing.
"At first, I was hesitant to purchase this sewing machine because of the mix reviews. But I took a chance since it is only $20. Now I am very glad with my decision. I have sewn several projects that include a lot of thick fabric, up to 6 layers in total (including terry towel fabric) in my cloth diaper and mama cloth. I am really happy because you know I have even covered the cost of the machine by sewing 2 to 3 diapers (if you know cloth diaper cost ranges between 15-30 per pieces). I plan to sew more diapers with this.

I did face some problem with this machine where the needle unable to pick up the bottom thread. But luckily I am able to solve it by following the tips shared by fellow reviewer. Go search for ""unable to pick up bobbin thread"" in the review title.

I agree with most of fellow reviewers that the user manual is poorly written. So I follow one reviewer's advice to take pictures of this machine before starting to work with it, so that I can revisit them again when I had problem.

I have written a more detailed review with pictures (and quick summary about how to and troubleshooting). You can google ""michley lss 202 squidoo"", the title is ""a beginner sewing machine in review"". HTH."
"cant keep the thread threading through the clothes maybe its me, but it has not been as easy as I thought to use"
This is a nice machine that we are using as decorative purposed in our sewing business. We will not be opening the box or using it in any way. I read other reviews with very good results.
"This machine is quite dangerous to your fingers, it pulls the fabric in no matter what, it literally punches and powers through the job without stopping, so make sure your fingers are not anywhere near the needle!!!! It is quite rough in sewing, feels like it punches through the fabric, I would never trust this thing with silk, for denim, yes, but no delicate fabrics. It is little and seems like it might be good for children but I would never, never trust this thing around a child for its brutal, raw strength. It pulls the fabric in quite rapidly and punches the needle through it quite forcefully. I'm actually afraid of using it myself for that reason. So I will rather bring out my normal, full size sewing machine where I have better control than what this thing offers."
"dont buy it, i was curious how this would work but obviously it was a mistake buying this, it doesnt work, screw fixing the tention or replacing the thread, it just doesnt work, plus it weighs a whole half a pound! and you have to push a button instead of using a foot petal, it comes with a foot petal, but you have to step on it AND hold down a button with your finger to sew, thats stupid, most people need two hands to sew. I hate this machine, im throwing it away!"
"The string snaps so quickly, even when I have it set to ""low"" and I was using it on thin pieces of fabric. It's still useful to have around, I suppose, But I would actually rather sew by hand than to use this machine most of the time."
"This is not a good product. It is difficult to thread, doesn't stay threaded, and doesn't give a good stitch quality. Don't buy this machine!!!! Spend a little more and get a usable machine."
I had bought this knowing that the quality would be poor but needed it for a couple of small projects. It broke in less than a week and beyond that the quality of the stitch was poor.  Hand stitching might be less frustrating than using this product.
"The instructions on this machine is very confusing to follow and does not go into detail on how it should be set up. I had to go on youtube to get an idea of how this thing worked. After I did that I went back to the machine and attempted to use it. It did not work. It jumbled up the thread and on the test cloth it skipped 80% of the stitches. I do not know if the machine itself was defective or not. I am glad others got it to work, but it did not work me and I would not consider this brand in the future."
"I bought this sewing machine, because of the good reviews, for my granddaughters for Christmas.  They were beyond excited.
THE FIRST TIME they used it, closely supervised by their Mom, after about 5 minutes it stopped working.  Seemed to be something with the tension, but even after I went to their house (with my 30+ years of sewing experience on a variety of machines) there seemed nothing to do but return it.  After several emails, the seller said first we had to ""chat"" with a company representative to be sure it was not operator error.  Finally, after talking with the rep we were authorized to return the machine, but informed that if they could not find something wrong we would be charged $25 for the return.  Since by that this time I don't trust the company to NOT charge the $25 we chose to ditch the machine and ordered a little Singer.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000TF6KJQ/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00,  SINGER 1507WC Sewing Machine with Canvas Cover.  The girls LOVE it!  Easy to operate and more substantial than the mini."
"I'm new to sewing but this thing is a toy. I tried to hem a t shirt and it bogged down and stopped every few inches. The stitching is a horrible. Even if it worked, it's only got one straight stitch which isn't very solid. Plus the sewing kit is a joke too, nice scissors! It can't even cut a thread.

If you really need to sew something, spend a few more bucks and get something that will work. Something you'll be happy with. This thing is going in the trash."
"Although I gave an I don't like rating It isn't quite accurate. i don't feel the company deserves a positive review even though I do like the concept and my grand-daughter and I had a good time sewing together. That is until it quit working. We bought it in August of 2012 and had only used it maybe a couple dozen times. The company is swift to answer and full of suggestions, but ultimately you have to ship it to them at a $9.98 shipping fee. However they do not guarantee a replacement and in fact warn that they may or may not replace it depending on if they feel you have caused the problem at which point they will then( if they give you a thumbs down} charge you $25.00 to repair it an return it. So you risk spending $35.00 dollars for a machine that cost $28.00."
This is a very nice size sewing machine if it really works without stopping. It stopped working after a week.............. .............. ............. .......... .......... ............. ......
"I saw this on sale and decided to try it, despite reading a couple negative reviews here. Mostly because I could return it if it didn't work.

It does exactly what I wanted. I am in a powerchair and don't have use of my legs. I was able to set it up and mend plus strengthen seams, without assistance. I had better speed control by using the foot pedal with my right hand. It's lightweight enough for me to lift from the box and plug in by myself.

As I read, it is a crafters sewing machine. It would take a lot of trial and error for ""regular"" sewing, like assembling a dress and I doubt it will make button holes but it's perfect for mending and I'm guessing hemming."
This was a Xmas Gift and we haven't tried it out yet....I am just going by past reviews and keeping my fingers crossed that it works out for us.  Thx.
"I thought I would give it a whirl as I am overseas for 5 months and don't have my machine (I was grasping at straws because I am a big sewer, was having seperation anxiety, and it was only 25 bucks). Don't bother. Yes, it is simple and does technically work fine, but NOT WELL. I would never recommend this for kids because it will only be a huge headache as it is very temperamental. You will be spending all your time rethreading it and adjusting things as kinds when they are learning make many mistakes (don't we all. ;-). Also, I wouldn't recommend it for adults who are sewers, because you will be able to do a much much better job(with much less frustration) by just hand sewing. You will be very disappointed in the quality and tension of the stitching in this machine. A little tug on the seam no matter what the tension is set at and it bunches. If you don't already sew, even a little handsewing, and just need something to get you a quick (low quality) hem or seam here or there then go for it, but otherwise. SAVE YOUR MONEY."
WHEN I GOT THIS MACHINE IT WOULD NOT WORK THEN IT WOULD NOT SEW  I WILL NOT BUY IT AGAIN
"I purchased this to just take in some shirts I bought that were to big. For the price point that this is at I really don't know how you beat it. I have used it a number of times with no issues. There are limitations to it however; I wouldn't recommend super thick material. I did use it to take in an old green army jacket which was quite thick and its holding up famously. Oh and I also fixed my roommates snowboard pants which were also quite thick. If your looking to do just some around the house items you cant beat it. If you looking for something to start sewing as a hobby you might want a little more. All I can say is im happy.

Not the best review for that I apologize but for the price this thing is great."
I love this machine.  Its the perfect size to take with you every where.  I love it.  I am still learning how to use it but so far I love it.
"So far I've used it to tailor two cotton curtains and it worked like a large machine. The sewing engine seems to be strong enough to sew through jean or even linen, but I haven't tried. It doesn't sew fast so you don't feel like you're going to lose control however its small size can be a draw back if the material your working with is very long and bundles up between the needle and the neck. Its super small and can probably fit in a shoe box. Absolutely worth the price, easy to use and easy to store. It came with an additional free electric scissor and sewing kit!"
"may be some are good, some bad. one that was sent to me didn't stitch properly. it is stitching in gaps. one stitch after an inch or so. later on it is not stitching at all. returning this item. looking at reviews may be most are good. my bad luck. i recieved a defective one :("
My stepdaughter got this for Christmas from her grandmother.  She thought it'd be a great little machine for her to learn on but so far nobody has gotten the thing to do anything but make a lot of noise.  The bobbin thread doesn't catch at all and we can't get it to complete a single stitch no matter what we try.
"This little machine is good for repairs and VERY simple projects. It is difficult to thread and only goes forward and does not reverse which is hard to make a locking stitch. I am still working on how to maximize its capabilities. But for the price, it works pretty well. Made in China, of course."
"My daughter decided she wanted a little sewing machine after spending some time sewing with Grandma.  I think we have a future fashion designer here!  Anyway... As usual, I turned to Amazon for helpful reviews and great prices.  She was able to buy this with her own allowance.  The only problem is that I use it more than she does!  It has worked great for me.  I've sewn several things already, even a small quilt!  My daughter does get a little frustrated while trying to learn the basics, but it has nothing to do with the machine itself.  This is a great basic machine for the price!"
"I love this little sewing machine. It's like a little doll, but it can sew very good. I don't know how long it will continue to sew for me before it starts giving me problems (like, if any parts fail), but currently I'm happy with it, I've tested it, and it does a perfect stitch, - and that's what I wanted! Also, I was surprised to see a nice kit that arrived with it, and the electric scissors. It's definitely is worth it's price, maybe even more!"
I am kind of hesitating to give a try to this mini sewing machine. Order this item because of the great value - comes with scissor and sewing kit and the price is reasonable. They arrived on time when i need to sew an oversized comforter cover. Managed to sew the whole corner perfectly and i don't have any issues with the thread breaking up....love this machine and will be using it more to do craft work. You will never regret to have this if you don't sew so often and it's really value.
"My daughter wasn't allowed into the 'sewing club' since she didn't have any experience (elitist seamstresses!) so we bought her this one for Christmas.  She ab-SEW-lutely loves it and is quickly gaining her experience putting pieces of fabric together, making small pillows, etc.  It was an inexpensive yet still good quality item that she really enjoys.  Well worth the purchase!"
This was given as a gift.  She seems to like it.  Works great and is very handy to have around the house
Bought this for my nine yr old for christmas to make doll clothes with. Good little machine for beginners. We haven't had any problems out of it so far.
"I AM GIVING THIS MACHINE FIVE STARS JUST FOR THE SIZE AND HOW IT IS MADE, NOT TO MENTION IT WAS REAL INEXPENSIVE. WE HAVE NOT USED IT YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL MEET ALL OF MY EXPECTATIONS!"
My wife ordered this and i think she's pleased with it. She does a lot of sewing now so i guess its a good product
"Really easy to use. My 13 year old daughter set it up and began sewing with it and had never used a sewing machine ever! She loves it and really likes the electric scissors too. The kit that came with it is also great, lots of thread colors, extra needles and bobbins.  It really is a great purchase if you need a machine around for little tasks or for children who want to learn to sew."
"I have not had any problems with this and it has worked great, but I think next time I will invest in a larger sewing machine. Everything is small on here, which I know they are suppose to be, hehe. Again product works great and I have hemmed many pairs of pants and stiched things.......Great buy if on a budget or just need for hemming and so forth!"
"After finally getting the bobbin to catch the thread, I cannot get the stitch to lock.  Tried everything to adjust the tension.  Cannot get this machine to work"
I Sent it back to Amazon.  It arrived without instructions and would not pick up the bobbin thread. It was smaller than I thought it would be.
I bought this for my daughter who has never used a sewing machine and she really likes it. It is great for quick sew jobs and mending.
"this is what I will be teaching my granddaughter how to sew, sewing has been part of my life for over 35 years, so showing my grand daughter how to sew as  I was shown."
"I received my Lil' Sew & Sew a dew days ago, and have had some time to experiment with it. It arrived promptly and in perfect condition. I have been sewing for about 30 years, so I have plenty of experience. Of course it depends on your needs, but for what I wanted it's perfect - - I wanted something for mending and small projects like bags, hats, small quilts, etc. I tried it with very fine crepe fabric, and regular cotton muslin, and 4 layers of regular weight denim, and had no problems with any of them :-)

Unlike some of the other reviewers I found the instructions and diagrams in the manual very clear and easy to follow. Threading was very easy following the instructions in the users manual, and also bobbin winding. I have not used the push-button function and don't know that I will, as I am accustomed to using the foot pedal. I do not recommend using the push-button function as it works just like an on-off switch, that is, when you turn it on it immediately begins sewing (whether you are ready or not) and continues sewing until you push the button again. You have much more control using the foot pedal. *****IMPORTANT NOTE***** I would NOT give this to a child under the age of 10, and only then with clear instructions about how to sew SAFELY - that is to keep fingers and other body parts, long hair, etc, AWAY from the needle and fabric feed. While it is small in size, it's no different that a regular machine, and a child could get hurt.

As other reviewers have mentioned it does not have a reverse, but remember, you can always reverse the fabric *wink*. With the hand wheel simply position the needle so that it's as far down into the fabric as it will go, lift the presser foot lever and turn the fabric, put the presser foot back down, and continue sewing- easy! :-)

It doesn't have is a light, but that was very easily solved- I simply got one of those little LED lights (about the diameter of a quarter) that attaches with velcro. It also does not have a case or cover, so I am using a storage container I already had, like this one from Amazon (http://www.amazon.com/Storex-Portable-Bottom-Drawer-61513U01C/dp/B0018195NI/ref=sr_1_14?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1357840624&sr=1-14&keywords=storage+containers+for+files).

I definitely recommend this little machine and would buy it again - happy sewing :-)"
"Was not difficult to figure out. This was my first time using any sort of sewing machine and it did not make me afraid to use another one. I am used to hand sewing, and this made it a lot easier to finish my Christmas projects. Very quick and it looks good next to my husband's Wii-U. I look forward to using it for a while."
"I bought this sewing machine for a project I would have to pay a tailor  for and saved in one hour the cost of the tailor, plus my son learned to sew and thread a machine and the we experienced the excitement of doing something ourselves. It sewed multiple layers of canvas. Threading is a bit of a challenge but a bright light helps (as do young eyes). I am very satisfied--plus the sewing kit comes with it! extra needles! thread and a needle threader.  I didn't read the manual--just sat down and went to it. Fun.  ."
Perfect starter machine for my 7 year old daughter.  First pillow case turned out great. She loves using it and it was fun to do together.
Not a bad buy. Works ok. However the thread keeps unthreading when the machine is in use. The accessories kit is perfect.
I got this for my kids for Christmas. They have only gotten to use it once but it seems like a quick n easy lil machine. Hopefully once we have the time to get some sewing done it will do the job well. For the price it sure seems worth it :)
"We bought this for as a Christmas present for our eight year old daughter who is learning to sew. The item is perfect for a child to learn to sew and for adults who need a small sewing machine for small to medium projects. The machine works fine. My daughter has made simple purses, bags and pillows. The electric scissors and sewing kit make this product a real bargain. Delivery was on time and the product arrived as advertised. We are very pleased highly recommend this product."
"This is a nice little sewing machine and would have been very helpful if it had worked properly.  I bought this to hem about 6 pairs of comfy Victoria Secret pants that were too long.  The stitching would not catch or would pull too tight and I constantly had to rethread the machine as the thread would break.  Tried for hours to adjust the tension on the thread, lowered the needle as far as it would go, tried different speeds, and even hand cranked it but to no avail.  It did seem to work much better on the fabric swatch they provided so it may have been that it only causes problems on certain fabrics.  I do have to say I have had minimal exposure to sewing machines but I had a friend help me set it up who knows how to sew and we still could not get it to work properly on these pants.  I ended up just hemming them by hand...and it was actually faster than using the machine.

Pros:
- it is very lightweight and portable (AC adapter or battery powered)
- lots of little extras to get you started (prefilled bobbins, different colored threads, needle threaders, etc)
- love the foot pedal
- comes ready to sew so you can see how to set up the machine

Cons:
- very hard to thread, had to use needle threaders and still had trouble with some of the different loops
- was difficult to get the tension right so that the stitching was too tight or loose
- the thread kept getting caught on things - the little loops it had to go through; getting twisted around the metal arm; etc.  It would bunch up the fabric and the thread would break.  And rethreading this little machine requires some patience
- Biggest issue is just would not catch the bottom thread on certain fabrics

Probably would have been great for different fabrics but just did not work for me.  Beware if buying this to sew softer fabrics such as sweatpants or comfy pajama bottoms as it may not stitch."
WOW do I like this little machine. it is easier to use for simple mending jobs than a full size sewing machine. would definitely recommend this little sewing machine for a beginner or even an experienced sewer.
"I got this for my daughter, and was disappointed that it was so small, but it worked out that it was light.  Not too complicated, easy for small projects, and it fits on the desk in her room. Good starter for a 10 year old who is just learning, plus travels well. Don't think we'll use it on denim, tho."
I bought this to hem pants with.  Just to hem pants--and it works perfectly.  I was also impressed that it came with a sewing kit and electric scissors.  I wouldn't try to use it for any sort of heavy material.
"I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 9 YR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER, SHE OPENED IT AND WAS OVERJOYED. SHE TOOK IT OUT OF BOX AND IT WAS READY TO GO, ALREADY THREADED AND READY TO SEW. I HAD HER SEWING IN 5 MINUTES. SHE LOVED IT. MY DAUGHTER CALLED ME THE NEXT MORNING AND SAID THANKS, SHE WAS UP UNTIL 2:00 AM SEWING . THANKS IT WAS WELL WORTH THE MONEY!"
"I purchased two sewing machines - one for each of my daughters.  I was hesitant to spend a great deal on a machine that would most likely begin to collect dust after the holidays were done.  I was pleasently surprised by the quality of the machines and how quickly my wife hade them both up and working with my daughters.  They spent an afternoon learning to sew, learning to create... after a brief introduction on how to use the machine, my girls were creating sleeping bags and mittens for their dolls and animals.

I highly recommend this product.  Exceptional value!"
"I bought this machine for my Grandaughter a first time sewer and thought it would be perfect,, not so much, the thread would keep breaking no matter how much they tried to fix the tension,,, it only lasted about 3-4 day's under her mother's supervision.. I learned my lesson and  bought her a better one. I guess you really get what you pay for... Unfortunately my Grandaughter was heart broken with her Christmas present.."
I thought it was a good machine that would work fine even when the price was cheap. My machine stopped working with 4 days.
"I stitched a bit with the factory set up and the machine worked fine.  Then I changed the thread and was never able to get it to stitch again.  I even watched a U-tube video to be sure I'd done the threading properly.  Switched back to the factory thread, tried again etc.  Disappointing as I really wanted a light weight machine for my infrequent sewing need."
Ordered  this machine for my 6 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she really likes it. With help she and her mom have already made some pillows for her dolls. My daughter said the setup was easy. Delivery was sooner than expected. Great price for this machine.
"Worked Great, sawed some pillow cases that have been sitting for quite some time now waiting to be sawed.  Excellent!"
I'm a sewer and got this for my daughter to use and I can not get it to sew . I will keep trying but not confident.
Bought for our 9 year old daughter.  She loves it. So simple to use.  In one day she made curtains and a pillow. Great starter sewing machine.
"My daughter loved this kid-size sewing machine. My husband complimented me for making a good purchase. I think this little machine will help my daughter as she makes her first step to the world of sewing. The machine is small, simple, which is exactly what beginners need. I didn't like my first sewing machine which was big, complicated. That scared me away from sewing. Besides being small and manageable, it comes with extra threads and bobbins. This is overall a good deal."
"It's so cute, the same size as my face. All my friends love, and so do I. I can't change the size of each stich, other than that, it's great."
"I have never sewn in my life before but this thing is simple, easy to work with, easy to thread, and works pretty well. Learning how to use this is pretty basic, even for a first timer such as me.  :)"
I bought this for my 7 year old daughter. Right out of the box she was able to sew with it. She has made some little bags and an apron. At first the thread kept breaking but I think it's because she was pulling the fabric or not leaving a tail. I have purchased other small sewing machines and toy sewing machine and this is the first one that has worked. I wouldn't sew anything too heavy with it or sew over pins but its perfect for a beginner.
Can't figure out how to backstitch on this machine and therefore the stitches don't want to hold their place... Kinda of disappointing.
Looked great but did not stitch. Machine was threaded correctly but the stitches would not stay together. Returned before I gave it to my daughter.
"It's smaller than I thought it would be.  Makes it awkward sometimes to sew because your hand doesn't fit easily into the area to scoot fabric through.  It's too small to repair something with lots of fabric like curtains or shirt. I was surprised to find it do an excellent job when I stitched the edges of cloth napkins.  It did very well on the bulkier corners.  It is difficult for me to thread it because you have to put the thread through about 5 loops as well as the needle.  It's a nice little machine for young first time sewers, but if it has a reverse, I haven't found it and the manuel doesn't mention it.  And it would be better to have for young sewers so they could secure the stitches more easily.  I think it will be fine for the type of usage I purchased it for--repairing seams in items like cloth napkins, blouses, skirts, etc.  The machine isn't intended for bulkier fabrics like denim, wool, etc.  It's much easier to set it up than to get my larger sewing machine out.  Great for a quick repair job."
"This kit with (also on Amazon) ""FineLife All-in-one 210 Piece Sewing Caddy by FineLife"" (TM) fit any tote about half the space of a standard kitchen dishpan. Wow! Nice!
A great new-sewist holiday gift. I own 1 kit (machine and scissor) and 3 more of the machine (all on 1 shelf side-by-side in their own tote w/project inside). Over 10 years all still work great--from the local drug discount store. I sew, scrapbook, mend, and quilt.
Sewing machine:  The 5 main parts are needle, bobbin, 2 threads, tension, and handwheel. Care is easy. The handwheel locks and unlocks just like big machines. Batteries make 5 minute project setup fast at the park, beach, or craft group patio. Two of my machines have built-in lights, the other 2 didn't. Today's outer box might so indicate. The needle raises higher than my big Singer did. There's speed control, reverse stitch, bobbin-view window (genius). Needles switch out easily. The shaped base allows cuffs-collars-sleeves-pantlegs-slippers-baby clothes. I've sewn lace, sheers (rolled scarf hems), plush, thin holofil, 3 layers denim (seams), drape linens, yarn fringe, greeting card free-hand stitch. It's quiet enough to still hear phone rings or radio shows. The thin foot pedal cord winds up compactly. No stuff sack is okay, since the approx 5""x9""x7"" unit fits easily into a 2-gallon plastic zip baggie, beach tote, makeup soft luggage, or even 6-pack thermal carrier. Many nice prewound bobbins are included, but I lost some thread trying to find the tails.
Scissors: The scissor's small stick fits in it's hole as a great way to adjust selvage size without chalk or pins. I really like the detached lock. Heavy fabrics cut fine, just a bit slower. Fingerholes could be bigger. They're sharp and cut well."
"Wow.  My girlfriend loves me to death because I bought this for her.  She had me looking at cheap machines and me being the exact opposite, I was checking out high dollar machines for her thinking that was what she really wanted.  She found this one and read the reviews from others and decided she wanted it.  Tonight she has it out and is making quilts for everyone for Xmas using old T-Shirts.  She is amazed with the ease of use and professional quality results.  I spent this much money on candy this month.  You can't go wrong."
"The mini sewing machine is very nice and can fit anywhere, I didn't use it yet though to see how good it does but I'm sure it's good for small jobs. The seller was excellent in describing it and packaging was very good and so was the price."
"This sewing machine is do cute and compact,i taught my 11yr.old anf 13yr.old girls how to sew on it and they love it,also the price was great ."
"I recently purchased one of these little guys. I was so excited, as a poor starving student the price was reasonable and it ws super cute. After using it for an hour my thread stopped catching my bobbin adn i couldn't sew anything. I tried to fix it for hours and was contemplating throwing it against a brick wall out of frustration.
However, i came upon a fix from some sweet internet angel.

First of all if your thread isn't catching, and it was before, you have likely caused the thread and bobbin to become unaligned. This happens when you are sewing thick, heavy items. Remeber this is good for light projects, not heavy duty stuff.
When you sew and find that it becomes harder for the petal to go down yet you force it anyways, you will notice a loud clicking sound. This is the sound of your sewing machine becoming unaligned.

Here's how you fix that

Take off the plate that covers the bobbin case.

Remove the bobbin and pry out the bobbin case (use your nail or soemthing to seperate the two pieces), making careful note of how they fit back in. Take a picture before disassembling it so you have a reference.

The part that carries the thread around the bobbin is still in the machine (it is a black circular round shape). Turn the wheel and you will see it rotate. What has happened is that the needle is not going down in the machine at the right point because someone kept sewing after it jammed and one gear kept going while the other one didn't and now it is out of alignment. These machines have plastic gears and the can slip past each other if you aren't careful not to stop immediately when they jam.

To fix it, you are going to have to do some trial and error. IIf you notice the shape there is a space with a sharp edge, that edge is what picks up the thread.

Grab the rotating part of the bobbin chase and hold it firmly. Rotate the wheeltowards yourself until you hear it click. Then rotate the wheel backward again and see if the sharp edge grabs the top thread. If it doesn't, repeat holding the bobbin chase and turning the wheel forward until it does.
 It may take a few clicks before it works (i noticed that if i am doing heavy material, to place the material under the foot and let the needle go through the fabric, and align it to catch)

Once you have the gears basically aligned, you will see the string catch in the sharp edge and go around. Now you need to reassemble everything. Put bobbin case back in - ensure its in properly, and then the bobbin and face plate.

Turn the wheel forward towards you and allow it to catch the thread.

Now try sewing. If it starts to jam, stop immediately, cut the threads and look at the back. If it's a loopy mess, you are going to have to dissamble as before and again grasp the bobbin chase and turn the wheel forward one more click, then reassemble and try again. Eventually, you will find exactly the right alignment and the machine will sew perfectly.

I just had to make this fix on my own machine...I didn't want to take it in for repair because the bench fee alone would cost as much as the machine did!

There are some great video's on YouTube for help with threading the machine...look for StampTV and you should find them. Good luck!

P.s When you place the bobbin back in make sure it is spinning counter clockwise, and you turn the wheel towards yourself.
Good Luck"
"This machine worked well for about 4-5 months. Then it just wouldn't sew anymore. I tried changing needles, threads but nothing. Good for beginners but if you really want to sew please buy Singer."
"It is small, not heavy, but it works very well. Sometimes you have to look for support at YouTube, but there you can find every thing that helps to use it.

Really exceeded my expectations,

very good"
"We got this sewing machine for our 8 year old daughter so that I don't always have to lug the big machine out when she wants to sew.  Threading it is a bit fiddly (you really have to use the included needle threader, as you have to go through a number of tiny metal hoops), but once it's threaded, she can sew by herself.  Setting the thread tension can also be tricky, as the top thread has to be fairly tight.  This means that when you finish a seam and want to pull your work away from the machine, you have to be super careful so as not to bend or break the needle.  I would recommend this machine only for really basic sewing needs, as there is only a straight stich, no zig zag and no reverse to lock your stitching."
"DO NOT buy this sewing machine. I have waited too long to be able to return it, but I haven't gotten even ONE use out of it. Won't even put one stitch in my pillowcase. I have watched countless videos and read the manual a million times, yet still-- not one stitch. Don't waste your $20 something dollars."
"Hi,
This sweing machine is awesome to use. It's worth the price.
I used it quite much, continuously for days, no problem till now.
Hope it will work the same way :)

thanks."
"The same day that I bought it, it stopped working. I used it for a few light sewing projects and within three hours, it stopped catching the thread and the bobbin broke. It over all was a bad product, I had to get a refund I do not recommend this to any one."
Grat product nice and small to store easy to use! Need to work with the tension a bit but works well for those small craft jobs.
Very disappointed in this product. Was very excited to receive this machine to take it on my visit to my grandchildren to sew their first summer dress.  We spent all day fiddling with the machine instead of sewing. I ended up sewing by hand. Very bad experience.
"Never had anything to do with sewing machines before. But want to sew some pockets on some of my Tee shirts. Been playing around with this little machine for a couple evenings now and really, I think it's going to fit the bill just fine.
  For anyone who is new to this activity I think this would be a great place to start. Under $25.00 and it'll give you a good understanding of how they work and whether or not you want to pop for a real one with more features.
  This one doesn't backstitch, but it does wind and rewind bobbins. Talking about the bobbin. It took me around an hour dinking around, then watching some youtube videos on the subject to find out that the bobbin has to be placed in the bobbin well so it turns counter-clockwise. The included directions don't tell you that!!
  Great for starters from about age 8 or 10 all the way up whatever age. I'm still practicing and haven't sewed the pockets yet, but have no doupt that this machine can handle that job.
  Hope this helps you, Ted"
It was working great for a like three projects then stopped working correctly. I was not happy because I had lots to do still.
This little one is doing a great job. i have sewed 2 pretty dresses for my daughter. I juz love it.
"This little machine has hemmed 4 or my pants so far, even a pair of jeans (although i was careful enough not to stitch through the thickest fold).  The scissors work just fine, you just have to go a lot slower on thicker materials, and it seems a bit flimsy, but it works, I ended up using my own since I can cut in a straight line."
"first of all excuze my poor englesh as its not my native language:)
second i want to tell u that the lil thing its amazing, after reading the bad reviews i was a a little afraid that ill not be able to sew with  it (and i never used a sewing machine befor),
 never had any problems with it (have it from like 7-8 days and everyday i sew couple of things, reciveing blancket, dresses for my lil girl, purses, dress for me)
 even thrw 2 layers of thik fabric makes a perfect stich. maybe the compay that sells them make some of them not so good, idk what to say about the ones that don't work, mine works amazing"
I got this for my daughter eho is going away to college. I thought it would make her life easier to hem things or do any sewing she needs yo do. I have no idea how good it is since she has not used it yet.
"The sewing machine works well. At the very beginning there are some problems and the instruction is just poor so I took some time understand what's happening. After I got to used of it, it works just fine. But the electrical scissors broke after 2 hours and I have no idea how to fix it."
"I knew only paying $25.00 for this is may be crap, but I don't know much about sewing and would rather risk breaking a cheap machine as opposed to a $150.00 machine.  While I was trying to fix side seams on a shirt, I was able to do the first half, but when I started on the second the needle quit catching the thread from the bottom so any stitch I put in would pull right out.  I tried different things to get it to work again but it wouldn't.  On top of that the user manual told me nothing that was helpful.  This sewing machine did a great job while it worked, but didn't last long at all."
"for sure this little machine is not for make large works but is ok for fix smalls things in home or personal for the price I thik is ok , come on time too"
"I haven't sewed since high school in home ec like 20 years ago.  I hated sewing then! So when I recently needed to hem something but didn't want to invest in a big sewing machine I thought the Michley Lss 202 at $20 something bucks would fit the bill.  I was right!  The sewing machine was easy to thread and easy to use.  If sewing had been this easy in high school maybe I would have liked it better!  :)  I would have given the item 5 stars, but it doesn't have a reverse for the threading. I read some reviews of people having problems threading the machine.  Tip: the sewing machine is already threaded when it arrives.  Before you change the thread, be sure to look at exactly how it is threaded so you can recreate it. Another tip: you can go to youtube and see a video ""LSS202 Sewing Machine Quick Start Guide"" by Tivax that shows you exactly how to work the machine. I would add a link but I'm not sure if that is allowed.  I've only used the machine once but I'm quite pleased so far with my purchase."
"I bought this for my wife who does not sew much, but used to love her old timely treadle machine.  She is very happy making repairs and several nice padded cases for my external hard drives.  So I am happy and so is she.  Since she is the Boss it is more important for her to be happy!"
"This machine may have been defective in manufacture but it was dangerous.  The foot pedal control did not work correctly.  If the pedal was plugged in and the power was on, the machine ran whether the foot pedal was depressed or not.  The needle was installed incorrectly and had to be removed and turned 90 degrees to be able to thread it.  Overall the machine did not operate well or easily and was not what I had expected from the earlier reviews I read.  Have returned the item and do not want a replacement."
"This is a well built little sewing machine which is ideal for small sewing projects. Don't expect this to do any heavy duty work and you'll be fine. In my usage so far, the thread did come out a few times while sewing and it wasn't that big of a deal for me. Overall a good mini sewing machine."
"This little sewing machine worked okay for about 2-3 months. It didn't sew very well...the stitches were loose and the thread would snap no matter how I adjusted the tension knob, and it bunched the material often. Anyway after a short time it just stopped working. I had my mother look at it (she sews often and has had a variety of machines), and even she wanted to throw it against the wall. I am going with the Brother 10-stitch machine as a replacement. It has better ratings and isn't too pricey. These little tabletop machines just don't cut it from what I'm seeing."
I would not recommend this machine I bought for use with crafts. It broke 2 needles the 2nd time I used it. I also had trouble with it staying threaded. I tried to adjust the tension big mistake. Spend your money on a machine that you can actually sew with and not spend all your time adjusting and fixing it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"I thought that by buying the smallest machine I could get, that it would mean it was the simplest to use. Not so! Tension almost impossible to align properly. I'd recommend folks to buy something sturdier"
"This little machine is a piece of garbage.  It bent both needles that came with it and a Singer needle too.  All within the first 15 minutes of usage.  Needless to say, it's going back."
"This was exactly what i was looking for. I had 3 pairs of jeans to alter. Since alteration for 3 was expensive i decided to do it myself and I was extremely successful ( i have never used a sewing machine before). Thanks to this little machine and the amazing video on youtube. ( How to Hem Your Jeans with the Original Hems: The Professional Way  - [...])

Update: It has not even been one day. I did one pair of jeans...started the next and the needle would not stay threaded. I tried changing the tension, rethreaded but nothing seems to fix it. The wheel gets a little jammed and next thing the thread from needle is out. I am not sure to return or replace at this point...

Any suggestion would be appreciated.

Update: I had to return the machine, could not figure out the problem. Only saving grace that Amazon has such an amazing return policy."
"Due to the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this sewing machine, I decided to purchase this item.  I was surprised to see how small the machine was.  It is a gift so I was reluctant to open it but I wanted to make sure that it worked.  It is very loud and although it does sew, the thread will need adjusting.  It is not very stable because of the size being so small and lightweight.  It moved easily on the table during sewing and sometimes the foot petal hesitated before sewing.  I should have known that for a sewing machine at that price, you get what you pay for.  The only benefit is that I am giving it to a beginner sewer and not an experienced seamstress.  I wanted to surprise someone who I was teaching (how to sew) by giving her this starter machine as a gift.  I hope this machine does not discourage the recipient of this machine from sewing!"
I'm pleasantly surprised at this little guy. No bells or whistles and that's just what I needed. I'm a terrible seamstress but I wanted something to sew basic cafe curtains and pillow cases and small crafts. This is it.
"Super cute and functional.  Perfect for mending hems or altering pants.  Could even work for small sewing projects (Halloween costumes, etc.).  I'm honestly surprised it has such low reviews--even my mother, who used to make all her clothes in the 60-70's, is impressed by how well it works!  In my opinion, those who had problems with needles breaking and thread snapping probably aren't familiar with how to adjust the tension--these are issues any sewing machine can have, you just have to know how to adjust the thread.

Also, it's tiny--about the size of 2 water bottles standing size-by-size--which makes it great for easy storage and transport."
This sewing machine was much better than I expected.  Light weight and easy to use. Price was right and included items that I didn't expect.
got it as a gift to my mother - she loves it apparently.  small but packs a big punch she tells me.  viable alternative to the big ones.
"This thing is confusing. I got it in the mail today. The first thing that happened was that it didn't come with the accessory pack. But, now, I cannot thread it!
Becca"
"I am disabled and have to spend a lot of time in bed...I love that this can be hand operated without the foot pedal. ...this is perfect for me to sew scraps for quilting.  It can be a little touchy, but what can one expect for under $20.

 I have used this a couple months and included on page are photos of scraps I have sewn for quilting.  I refill the bobbins using my Janome as it's way faster that trying to do it on the little machine.  I couldn't be happier despite it being a noisy machine.  It's so lightweight that I secured it to a board using velcro.

Update:  This little machine has had hard use for 5 months and it's finally tired.  I have made enough patches for 5 large baby quilts The bobbin is held by a magnet and the magnet won't stay seated now.  I highly recommend this machine as it's perfect for quick repairs.  I am  now looking a something a little more sturdy and light to use in bed for heavy use."
"The needle that came on the machine was broken and I replaced it with the one that came in the packaging. Within 2 seconds of re-threading a new bobbin, the replacement snapped."
It's fun for teens who are starting but it really does not sew as well as it should. I cut mostly all my pants hoping that I could sew them to shorts. Turns out it DID NOT help..so I used my a hand needle instead
Works great!!! Got it faster than advised! I recommend this to anyone looking to do small projects with ease!!! I very happy with this purchase!!!
"Ok.... I don't know WHAT these people in the bad reviews are talking about. The pictures that show you how to thread are just fine. Just take a minute to look at the first page that shows you the parts before you jump into reading the directions. I had no issues with threading. I just used it to make some tissue papar garland and then I turned a pair of denim trousers into skinny jeans with NO issues, worked with the denim just fine. No problems with tension either. Its fabulous and cute and small and works just fine. The last sewing machine I worked with was over 10-15 years ago when I was around 10/11 my mom used to have one of the big ones. Ive never made anything before this. Seriously I think some people just have issues following directions or maybe Im just that good at it, I don't know. Anyway its perfect little thing."
Do not bother buying this product! It does not work at all. I threw mine in the garbage after trying to get it to work for an hour. Waste of time money and space. I would rate this in the negative! I rated one star because I had to choose one.
"This little machine is great for small sewing projects or repairs -- anything that requires just simple stitching but nothing fancy.  It's a small, lightweight machine with very basic features...but they're great features for the price!

Upsides:
*Tiny, lightweight machine that can be stashed anywhere
*Can operate either by foot pedal or hand switch
*Uses either AC adapter or batteries
*Adjustable tension for use on different weight fabrics
*Comes with 6 bobbins and 2 needles
*Great price

Downsides:
*Noisy
*No reverse
*Tension on thread doesn't release when presser foot is lifted

I'm not sure you could ask for more at such a low price.  I'd recommend this to anyone looking for something very basic."
"I purchased this as a cheap, short term replacement for my old Singer.  This machine works just fine and sews nicely - however. . . .Since it somewhat light, the stability during sewing is not great and it moves sometimes during stitching, which is frustrating.  For the most part, I like it but would probably want, next time, to just spend more and get a larger machine."
"WOW! I bought this as a toy for my six year old daughter. For a cost of $19.99 delivered I was definately skeptical. Surprisingly enough, it does exactly what is says it can do! The last time I tried to operate a sewing machine was junior high home economics in 1975. I can't remember if I ever got it properly threaded. This is relatively easy to thread, which is good because I have lost the manual! I just finished my first ""real"" sewing ever. It was just Girl Scout patches, previously ironed on, but the glue failed. I was so happy that the machine handled the task easily I wasn't even upset I put the patches in the wrong spot! I have no delusions of making a prom dress or wedding gown with this, but it has already exceeded my expectations."
"I ordered this sewing machine thinking that it would only be good for small projects and quick fixes.. And it came pretty quick which is really good. When I got it and tried testing it out, I was getting frustrated because the thread kept coming out. I gave up and put it aside til the next day I decided to try again. I realized that I have been inserting the thread through the needle the wrong way. I was inserting it from right to left. When I switched it, putting the thread from left to right, it worked perfectly....

AND I LOVE IT.

The tension can be adjusted to your liking, but I didn't feel the need to adjust it too much. So far I made a bunch of things, and I'm so excited to make more. It is really small (smalled than I expected) which is great for travel considering I'm a student that lives on campus and I could bring it with me to my dorm room to work on projects there. It dies take full size spools and there is a foot pedal which alot of small sewing machines lack, which makes this one amazinggggg. I advise to not use batteries, because when you use the batteries you would need to switch it on with a button but as you press the button, the machine gets going. So if you use batteries you would need to use the button instead of the pedal. Might as well just use the foot pedal.

DOWNSIDE::

it has no reverse button. But i'm sure if you know your stuff you can live without having a reverse button.
And the needle it comes with isn't strong enough to sew denim or canvas..

My overall opinion on this machine: The best 20.00 I ever spent. It CAN replace a big machine if you don't do crazy stuff.

Just get it :)"
"I am a beginner in stitching. All I needed was a simple machine. I wanted to make some fitted sheets out of flat sheets for my beds and I saw many videos on how to make this. But I never ever touched a sewing machine in my entire life so far. So, I did not want to spend more money and just keep it aside. I wanted to take it slow so I ordered this one. I have to thank the person who made this happen. it is less than an lb weight and can perform basic operation(just what I needed). As soon as I received it, opened it to try. I took my own time learning how to get a stitch with out messing up the thread and I am so happy for it. I will learn using this machine and when I feel I am a pro, I will get a pro machine.
Note: INstructions could have been better with pictures. For beginners like me steps with all text will not help. But again, this is not made for just beginners."
"I bought this mini sewing machine from ebay, and the sewing machine just do not sew, i do not see the point of this machine since for what is made it does not work, the concept is great because is really small and i though that having a small machine would be great, but i was wrong. do not recommended it."
I bought this sewing machine for my 11 year old daughter and I know have a very disappointed child.  The machine has not worked right from the very start.  It keeps on binding up and now I can not even move the needle and our fabric is now stuck in the dumb machine.  I have emailed the company that produces this machine and they were no help at all.  There solution was to send me a video that they thought might help me.  Big joke it was a video on how to use the machine.  Like I am some kind of dummy that does not know how to use the machine.  Overall the machine is a big piece of junk and a big joke!!!
"This is an unreliable machine. We tried it the first time with a small piece of cloth and it worked. The next day we tried it on a bigger piece of cloth but the pin got stuck in the gear chamber. We cannot get it out and after several times of turning the wheel with force, the pin broke. Both pieces of clothes were not thick and not very dense. It is very disappointing to have a Christmas gift like this. I don't think this machine is even qualified as a toy."
"I purchased this machine a month ago from Amazon, just for mending and small projects. It is easy to use, seems to work with most fabrics, and has some tutorials available on YouTube if you need help using the machine. So far I have not had any trouble using it. I am a beginning sewer who has only sewn a couple of projects in my life. I think that overall, this machine was well worth what I paid for it."
It won't even thread properly.  So even though it looks cheap and cheerful - and it does look cute when it arrives - don't waste your money.
Christmas gift for a grandaughter. She liked it and the price was right. It is a good starter for a young persone to learn the art of sewing.
I bought this sewing machine for my daughter who wants to learn to sew.  It is small and compact and easy to use however I wish there was some type of safety feature there is an easy to press on/off button and if you press the machine starts running regardless of whether or not you are using the foot pedal.  I just fear my younger child getting a hold of it and harming himself.
"This was shipped without the 42 piece sewing kit. VERY disappointed. The machine looks cheap, and it also looks broken and poorly packaged."
"I got this machine because I needed something small & portable for simple attaching of strips of knit fabric.  It does the job without me having to lug my regular machine around.  I don't expect it to last terribly long, but it does the job in a pinch. I was surprised that for the price, it did a regular lock stitch with a bottom bobbin, vs. a cheap chain stitch (single bobbin) that you have to pull through to lock that many inexpensive machines do. I would not buy this machine as something to learn on though.  For the price, it beats hand sewing!"
"I gave my seven year old granddaughter the Sew & Sew Mini for her birthday. She has been trying to sew things since she was a little tike.  Her mother is a seamtress as was her grandmother.  She has watched and participated in sewing projects since she was small.  The machine is perfect for her.  I like the fact that it has two speeds.  This helps with the safety issues until she gets used to using it.  It sews very well.  I was concerned that the machine would be more like a toy, but it is NOT.  It has the comparable weight for its size to a regular size machine.  It small, but it is not intimadating the the little one.  Seems to be of good quality."
This little SewTech machine is wonderful. I can use it almost anywhere. I have discovered that it does have more power when plugged in rather than using batteries. I would tell anyone needing a small sewing machine to get this little gem.
"I bought this sewing machine for my brother who loves to sew, but the second time he used it it would not sew anymore. We were really disappointed."
"This is a wonderful little sewing machine, but you do need to be patient.  After reading the reviews before buying this sewing machine, I knew that I should expect some frustration with threading the needle.  Oh, boy where the reviews ever right.  It took me about 20 minutes to get it threaded and going, but I haven't had an issue since.  The price is great.  The only reason I was willing the chance the so-so reviews was that it seemed worth $15 to me to see if I could get it to work."
"I bought this wanting to start learning how to sew, because i have some clothes that are to big and don't want to waste them. I have never used a sewing machine before, so i figured i wouldnt spend alot of money on something i didn't know how to use. I read the instructions cover to cover, and watched as many youtube videos of how to use a sewing machine. Still i cant get it to work at all. im not sure of its me or the machine, but im frustrated and stuck with something i cant use. It shouldve come with more detailed instructions."
Easy to use once you get the hang of it. Pretty good quality. Beats buying at $100 sewing machine anytime.
"i am pleased with my mini, sewing machine i do however have had a few issues, but nothing i wasn't able to fix myself after a few mishaps , first the plate where the bottom bobbin sits kept slipping out of place and i unscrewed it and took it out and placed back in , this happens a bit to much , but again nothing i wasn't able to fix myself , it did take me a while to learn how to thread the yarn from the bottom bobbin, i have no problems with that now , i do wish it had some kind of bottom support so it won't slide while i am sewing . being a first time sewer i would recommend this machine for first time users, it is a great learning machine."
"I ABSOLUTELY love this machine!  It's small and compact, easy to carry around everywhere and extremely easy to use for beginners.  The only problem I had was that since I've never use a sewing machine before, threading was a huge issue.  I followed the instructions carefully and STILL couldn't thread it right.  It took me and my boyfriend almost half a day to realize that instead of turning the wheel clockwise, it works when it's turned counter-clockwise.  After that, I tweaked the tension a little and it works wonderfully!!  I would recommend it for $15 or below!"
I saw a few bad reviews about this machine so I was hesitant to buy it.  But for the price I couldn't pass it up.  It actually ended up being perfect!  You need to make sure that it's threaded correctly and it needs some gentle coaxing sometimes but it's perfect for a novice!
"I had very LOW expectations for this machine based on the reviews but for under $20, I figured I would take the risk. I once owned an expensive Singer that never worked no matter what thread I used or how many times I took the thing into the shop. I finally chucked it.

So I bought this thing to make some simple belly dance costume pieces. The good news is that it works fine for me and it was able to handle sewing through two pieces of fabric with thick interfacing between AND grommet tape on top of that. It's also super tiny and doesn't take up any space at all. The bad news is that I have no doubt that with some of these, the factory quality assurance guy was asleep at his desk.

My tips: you have to pull super hard on the side bobbin holder to get it off. Yes, it will feel like it's going to break but it doesn't. And to get the bobbin winder pin out in the back you have to push it in and turn it counter clockwise at the same time with the tip of your finger. I also had the issue with broken thread but I went out and bought some Gutermann thread and that solved the problem. Don't use the thread that comes with it, it's garbage.

Hope this clears up some of the negative reviews. If you get one you think is a lemon, first buy proper thread and then if it still doesn't work, just send the thing back."
Don't waste your money on this machine. It suddenly stopped sewing mid project for me.  It did work long enough to get me hooked on sewing though.  For that it earned one star. It was also a pain to thread and maintain a proper tension.  Onto the next one...
"I bought this for when I visit my daughter.  She didn't want a ""regular"" machine because she simply didn't have space to store one.  I find that I always have a project that I am working on, or something I need to mend, or a item I want to make mostly for my grand-daughter when I am visiting.  This machine was an idea and thanks to the reviews here at Amazon, I purchased and used it on my latest visit.  It just sews straight stitch but that worked out.  I made two pair of bloomers for my 3 month old grand-daughter with this little machine.  Easy to operate and thread and being so small it stored away for my future trips and projects. Thanks to Amazon reviewers, I am happy with my purchase."
"The pros
light, portable, has pedal, don't need battery

The cons
only one sewing pattern, not stable (because too light)

overall
if you consider the low price, it is not a bad deal."
"it's a good machine for simple stitches. however, anything thicker than 2 layers of fabric and it will get stuck.

ETA: I just tried using this for a second time about 2 months later and it's stuck. It will do one or two stitches and get completely stuck. spend more money for a better machine."
I wish I could give this no stars. I swear this thing worked for 5 mins and that was it. I wouldn't reccomend this for a beginner or anybody for that matter. I packed it up and shipped it right back to amazon and got my money back. I bought a fantastic Singer. Trust me just shell out the money for a good reliable sewing machine. And stay away from this. Whoever said they used this to hem jeans has to be a miracle worker.
Just crap! honestly this machine can't handle more than a few straight fixes before it gives up. It's not even worth the the cheap price. I wish I had read the reviews on here before i bought it. Seriously save your money and buy something else
"This sewing machine was a real hit with me. I think it's really nice for making small projects and I recommend it to children ages 8 and up. The thread and the metal bobbins are good, but my only problem is the durability. This machine is made of plastic and is really fragile, so I'd be careful if you give this to a young child. But overall, this is a great machine for kids who are older and want to give it a shot at sewing!"
"This little sewing machine is great!  It's easy to use, works great and is exactly what I wanted.  I had a bit of trouble re-threading the bottom bobbin but it just took a few tries to get it right.  The only down side for me is that I was hoping the slow speed would be fairly slow but it still seems pretty fast to me - I haven't used a sewing machine in a really long time so it just caught me off guard.  But overall I'm really happy that I bought this!"
Normally I do not write reviews that often unless I have something nice to say.  This machine is junk!  I couldn't even get the needle threaded! I tried for about 30 minutes and just gave up in frustration! So needless to say the thoughts of helping my granddaughter make some clothes for her doll won't be done on this machine.  I am so disappointed if I could send it back I would but she got it for Christmas but never used until now.  Why do companies make stuff like this that they know is worthless!  Don't waste your money you will be disappointed!
"I did not buy this machine, but rather my step son's mother bought it for him for Christmas, even though she does not sew (go fig).  Anyway, as she learned 6 months later that she could not teach him, she asked me if I would.  I said sure and took the machine to our house.  What a piece of crap.  I have been sewing for years and have had many machines.  First, problem is the needle itself, I noticed when installed, it was turned slightly so the machine could not be threaded from front to back properly.  I even took the needle out several times to try and reset it, but it just would not work once the key was tightened down.  Second, the bobbin holders are difficult to work with.  The small case the bobbin goes into is easy enough to load, however getting it into the machine itself is a horrible pain.  Once I figured that out (as the instructions are not at all clear), it took me an hour to get the bobbin thread to catch the needle for sewing.  Third, once I did get the bobbin thread up through, it would not make a stitch as it had so much trouble catching the bobbin thread in the first place.  My step son is very interested in learning to sew and having his own machine.  His dad and I will be spending a little more on a machine he can use; this one is NOT it."
"If I could give this item a zero stars, I would, but I can't. At first glance it is cute and my hopes were high. I had read the reviews and hoped we were one of the lucky few that it worked for. Sadly, we are not. My 7 year old daughter saved her money (and she is a spender so saving was HARD work for her! ;) to buy this. We excitedly opened the package, found it was already put together. We put the test fabric underneath it and began.

It is quite different from a regular machine: 1) there is no bobbin. 2) The ""on"" button is a CONTINUOUS sewing button, not just turning the machine on. 3) There is a fast and a slow setting which is a REALLY nice feature for beginners.

That said, the thread did not feed through properly. I felt the need to adjust the thread tension but it made no difference. It was too tight so the thread would jerk through and just decide not to go. We thought maybe they used cheap thread so I got my own out and we started using it, same thing. We read and re-read the joke of instructions to make sure we were doing things right. I am a nut about reading instructions! ;) Also, it is a special needle and if the needle breaks...which it feels like it could do at any given second, I wouldn't want to have to deal with trying to find a replacement.

Maybe we just got a bad thread tension-never could get it to adjust, turning the knob made no difference either way. In any case, it doesn't work and since we left for 2 1/2 weeks on vacation just after we got it, our return window has expired. I think I will give my poor daughter her money back so she can buy something else with her hard earned money.

Still disappointed, can you tell? Big sigh. Please, don't gamble with your child's money or hopes: DON'T BUY THIS!

(PS-I am an optimist and have never left a bad review anywhere-but I wanted to make sure others were not as disappointed as we were.)"
"I suppose I should have listened to all the negative reviews out there!  I figured for such a low price it was worth the risk.  Unforunately, I never got this machine to work and I spent about 2 hours trying--after spending the night prior reading over the instructions carefully just to prepare myself!!  By the end of that time I knew I'd done everything right (based on reading tons of other reviews as well as watching videos on youtube) but the thread would not pick up the bobbin thread.  Finally I gave up.  I will say the machine came threaded and ready to go but unforunately my daughter turned it on and so I had to re-thread it.  I'm guessing if that hadn't happened I would have at least been able to complete a project or two before the machine had to be re-threaded.  Also one part of the instructions was completely wrong.  I only figured that out after reading reviews...it said to turn the hand wheel away when you should turn toward you.  All in all a waste of money and I'm guessing it will cost nearly as much to ship it back as the item itself so I can't even get my $$ back.  I'm so sad--I was REALLY excited to use this little machine!"
The product was not as my daughter hoped.  There isn't an easy tensioner.  This made it difficult to use.  We ended up sending it back.
"It is really cute and I have already altered few of my shirts, my daughter's (2 years old) onesies and her jeans as well!! You should watch the youtube before starting to use this sewing machine :)"
"I was very upset with the instructions and had difficulty threading the bottom bobbin due to the lack of diagrams to assist with this. So I was determined to find something online and found this website of a lady showing how to thread the bottom bobbin on a similar mini sewing machine. It helped me, and this takes some preactice but hopefully it will help you as well.
[...]"
"got this knowing that there was a chance it would be junk by reading other reviews. I love this little machine, I havn't had a problem with it at all and I got it just for basic things around the house (got tired of hand stitching things). It works great for the things I bought it for. I don't know if I would use it if I sewed all the time for fun (it only has one stitch, was kinda hoping for a zig zag stitch but it's not necessary) but for hemming curtains and mending tears, it works great!"
"This is the worst 20 dollars i ever spent on anything.

I guess i am the one to blame to think that it could even possibly work.

Anyway, do something great for yourself and don t loose 4 hours trying to make this machine work."
"As a non-sewer, I just needed something simple to hem my work pants/skirts. When I opened the package and took the machine out, they had everything already set up and ready to go, including thread. Unfortunately, even after reading the directions, when I tried to thread it myself I kept getting loose stitches and bunching of the thread from the bobbin. I literally re-read the directions a number of times, tried different threads, changed the needle and nothing would work until I realized you don't just put the thread OVER the tension wheel like the instructions say.....you have to separate the washers and put the thread in there yourself otherwise it'll never catch. It wasn't rocket science to figure out and someone who knows more about sewing would have probably known this, but it still wasted a good chunk of my time. Even after doing this, the stitches were still a little odd looking, but it was at least tight, holding, and did it's job hemming my pants. The only other issue I had was the fact it's so small and light, that sometimes it can be a little difficult to work with. The pedal is small and made of plastic so it easily moves around while you're sewing."
"I purchased to teach my granddaughter how to sew since this one came with an adapter.  After running partial line of first stitches, it skipped a couple on low speed so we stopped.  When attemping to turn it back on, it wouldn't power on even with the adapter.  It was loud when operating.  I wish it would have worked out, but have decided to just teach her on a full size machine. It was returned."
"I'm only 14 and I got it to work just fine. This was my first time sewing, and I thought it worked great for my project, which was sewing a dress (I was cosplaying, so you know the dress had to be fairly intricate.) It's good for sewing things, and after you get the hang of it, it's pretty easy...but, it is rather noisy. Mine didn't work either at first, but after I adjusted the tension, it was fine. It's hard at first because the instructions are not clear, so you have to fiddle with it until you get the hang of it. It doesn't take up too much space, it's pretty cheap, and it works fine. Plus, it's cute."
"This is a great little sewing machine. Obviously it's not for some heavy sewing, just little projects but it's perfect for what it's made for. If anyone had problems with it i would say it's because they tried to do something to big for this little machine. For me it's perfect."
"I'm excited about this machine. I took it out of the box and of course immediately tried it out. I had never used a sewing machine a day in my life and I was able to operate this machine. I figure, if I can sew right out of the box, I cant wait to see what happens as I use it more. Nice product so far."
"As far as I tried it, the machine worked fine.  Some adjustment of tension was necessary, but it did sew reasonably well (especially for size/price). However, I'm going to return the one I bought because it is just too loud.  It makes quite a racket! I was hoping to use it for quilting (small pieces) but I can't see anyone being able to stand the noise for more than a few minutes.  If you're looking for something for small jobs (hemming, small mending, etc) then this would likely work very well, but it wasn't for me."
"Like a little puppy in a store, you never saw such a cute thing. The machine IS actually functional, but do not expect this to act the way a ""normal"" sewing machine does. It's just a matter of experimenting to work within such a small framework. It definitely sews, it's just that the machine was designed for people with tiny hands. Glad we bought it, if only for the humor of an actual miniature sewing machine. Great for the price"
this is such a cute little machine.i am just a beginner and this is no rocket science.very easy to get started and figure out how it works without instructions. the machine comes pre-threaded which is a plus. works with 4 AA batteries or the included AC adapter. the combo pack includes electric scissors which i haven't tried yet. the electric scissors looks flimsy and i really didn't care for it coz i think the other accessories are really helpful for a beginner like me. paying an extra $3 for the combo is a good deal. i was very much satisfied and ordered one more for my sister who lives abroad. wish it had universal ac adapter :-)
"Very disappointing. Neither my husband (an engineer), my mother-in-law (an accomplished seamstress) nor me (well-educated and generally capable person) could get this to work. The user manual is not clear, the machine poorly made (the tension screw was so tight the thread could not easily pass through it), the foot pedal was hard to press, and the design not well thought-out for kids (seems dangerous to me that when you press the 'on' button, the machine goes into continuous-sew mode...).  My daughter was so excited to sew.  Hopefully we can find a machine that will make her excited to sew (and that her parents can master -- and help her to master -- in the process)!"
"Ordered from Newegg for $20....Thought would be good for granddaughter to use but couldn't get to sew after 3 seams. It locked up and we were unable to use it again.  Tiny...A toy really. Very noisy as well.  Very cute, but that's the only good thing. Also cost as much as the ""machine"" for return postage. A lose, lose deal for sure...."
"The sewing machine is a single stitch machine. Given I used one of those mechanical single switch ones from the prehistoric past when I grew up back in India, I could easily get the hang of it. It sews thicker fabric than I expected, though I wouldn't try jeans. The tension is tricky, the thread broke the first time, but then I adjusted it and it hasn't broken again in the little while that I spent on it. Looks intuitive though.

The manual has one thing wrong. Setting up the bobbin, it says rotate the handle clockwise to make the needle pick up the thread; but counter clockwise was what worked for me.

Likewise on the bobbin winder; it took me a little time to figure that one out. You need to press the little bobbin winder tip in and twist it slightly counter-clockwise to make the bobbin winder pop out. Likewise, once done press it in, and twist it slightly clockwise to lock it back in the recessed position.

Aside from that, this is a simple bare-bones sewing machine. Not sure how long it will last in my hands - bought it to fit/shape some of the shirts that I have esp since ready-made garments these days seem to be made for people who're broader at the middle, whereas being thinner at the middle than the shoulders, those look sick on me :(. Hope this machine will help me accomplish that purpose. Giving it a 5 star since it's worth its buck, and does what it promises to do.

/matt

PS: youtube ""LSS202"" for some good videos of this machine."
I bought this sewing machine for my niece (10 years old) for Christmas. It works great. It is very easy to use. She has already made several cute projects using it! All of the accessories are great too! I definitely recommend this for a beginner seamstress.
"This machine wouldn't grab the lower bobbin's thread as needed to work.  We tried repeatedly to load it but it just wouldn't.  Our guess is the design of the machine is off and is therefore misaligned enough to not load properly.  Too bad, it was a cute little starter machine."
"I purchased this machine for my daughter for Christmas.  She always wants to learn on my machine and I thought it would be better for her to have her own.  I also know that the child sewing machines never work well.  I found this one on Amazon and was impressed with the positive reviews, especially for the price.  I cannot get the machine to make stitches.  It seems to be unable to pull up the bottom thread.  I am an experienced sewer and I tried everything I know possible to try and get the machine to make stitches.  I even consulted the manual to my own sewing machine b/c there is no trouble shooting section in the manual for this little one.  The manual is awful.  I believe there to be typo errors that could be confusing to a beginner sewer.  The instructions are lacking in pictures and explanation.  For example, when describing how to load the bottom bobbin, it doesn't tell you which direction the thread should be moving.  I am not sure if it matters or not on this machine but it does on my real sewing machine.  I believe the instructions would be difficult to follow for a beginner.  There is no reverse.  I really wanted this machine to work.  It seems more like a machine than the child machines I've worked with before.  But for the life of me, I could not get it to make stitches.  My daughter is disappointed and I am too. Thankfully I will be getting a refund from Amazon and Amazon gave me a prepaid return label to return the machine."
"I was so excited to give this to my granddaughter for Christmas.  I ended up just being totally embarrassed. Even the 100 piece kit that came with it was junk!  Thread was rotten, scissors were cheap, cheap plastic - even the needler threader fell apart in her hand the first time she used it.  I had read a couple good reviews initially, but now I see I didn't read down far enough or I would not have wasted my money."
"I was so excited that it worked!  Then after a half an hour into my simple project with thin material (Not denim or thick material) the machine quit sewing.  The thread wouldn't catch the bobbin thread.  I re-threaded the main thread, the bobbin thread, adjusted the tension, changed the needle, and worked for 5 hours trying to get it to stitch again.  Nothing worked.  Amazon is sending me a replacement but I wonder just how good this thing will work?  The first half hour it worked nicely.  Good stitching.  I paid more for mine just a week ago so that makes me a little mad too, but at least Amazon is letting me exchange the non-working one without any problems."
"This is NOT a heavy duty sewing machine.  This is not a serger, it is not an embroidery machine, it is not for quilting.  What is it?  It is a little portable sewing machine that sews one stitch (straight stitch, not zig-zag).  It has a little power adapter so you can plug it up and go.  It also has a foot pedal which is fine, but I usually use the push-buttons on the machine.

This is nice to take with me on trips when I might want to work on putting some pieces together for quilting.  It is also perfect for fixing hems on t-shirts and light pants.  You probably *could* sew denim with it, but I wouldn't.  I have a full size Singer sewing machine and a fulls size serger, and I use those for sewing clothes, purses, quilts, etc.  This little machine is perfect for when you need something stronger than a chainstitch or a basting stitch, but not quite a zig-zag or an overlock.

The quality is fine, I have run it for a few hours at a time when making purses with my daughter and we had no problems.  Great little topstitch machine, I recommend it over the cheap hand-held ones."
This product stopped working after only a day and a half.  I had to return it. Do not waste your money.
"It is tiny...It work out of the box but when I tried to retreaded I could not get it to work again. Contacted support by phone and I could not understand the lady's heavy accent and I'm not sure if she understood me. I contact them by email and they directed me to a video for a different machine witch did not help.

I'm sure someone that knows how to use a sewing machine will get this to work, well that's not me so I send it back"
"I purchased this sewing machine to do some simple work.  It is a big mistake.  First, the instruction on user manul is not clear.  Some steps never make any sense.  Second, after self-studying on Youtube and other useful websites, I finally have everything ready to sew. It worked for the first 2 stiches, then problems occurred. The thread always skipped the stitches or thread broke or thread got out of the needle.  After spending my precious 10 hours, I finally gave up and decided to donate this item to charity.  Will go for a more expensive Brother or Singer model!"
"I don't know how well or poorly this machine works. I can't get it to work because I replaced the bottom bobbin. It says it has a ""Easy Treading Drop in Bobbin"" The instructions say to just put it in there and magically the needle will thread itself. The entire entry for replacing the bobbin is about 5 lines. It doesn't make any sense and it doesn't work. What total idiot would sell a machine and give a 4 page manual - for a sewing machine. Right now I'd like to break this machine into a million pieces!!!!"
Bottom bobbin wouldn't catch on this unit.  Waste of time and money.  Cannot recommend.
Now I can make small adjustments in my clothes by myself. I think this machine is very helpfull.
"This machine definitely works great if you are sewing thin layers of fabric. Once it gets even a little bit thicker then it can handle, the stitches won't even catch anymore. This is my first machine and I am VERY new to sewing with a machine. I really like it at first because it is light, portable, and easy to use. However, it can't handle anything thick? I don't know exactly how thick but here is what happened : I was making a pleated skirt out of Italian herringbone fabric. The needle pierced through the fabric without any problems, but only to realize later that none of the stitches caught each other, it didn't stitch. I thought maybe there was tension problem or maybe the bobbin wasn't loaded correctly. So i checked everything and I even tried to sew in different tensions to see which worked, but nothing helped. So then I tried to stitch 2 pieces of velvet together and that worked.

I hope my situation can give people an idea of what can and cannot be stitched by this machine. I ended up buying a brother xl2600i to replace what this little guy can't do :/"
This is a great lil machine wasn't sure at first cause I had never used anything more than a singer but for a small machine this is worth the money. Great for beginners or advanced sewers and its very light weight and easy to take anywhere with you. It also works with batteries as well so that makes it alot easier to travel with. It has as much power as some bigger machines and does great stitch work as well. The only downfall is it won't do anything like real thick materials due to not fitting under the arm it doesn't go up real high other than that this is a great little machine.
"Smaller than what I was expecting, but then again I should have broke out the ruler. It's not that small. Works a lot better than expected, I thought this was going to be a chessey little joke but its not and it can sew through denim with no problems. I actually got this as a gift for my little sister but I think I'ma get myself one too. It comes with a pedal and you can either hook it up to the adapter or if you're not near an outlet, just pop in some batteries. Its Nice, small, and handy dandy !!"
"I just wanted a little machine I could use for simple sewing, like fixing blankets or reattaching straps.  This machine is compact and does what I need easily.  The picture in the directions has some parts labeled incorrectly and that made threading the bobbin difficult at first, but then I realized that I was just making it more complicated than  I needed to.  I wouldn't recommend this if you are a seasoned sewer or are looking for something heavy duty, but if you just need it for little projects like I do, it works fine.  It also doesn't have a reverse, so starting stitches gets a little tricky also."
"Horrible instructions with multiple, conflicting typos. For example, typed instruction will list a ""1"", but the corresponding item on the diagram is listed as ""I"" and then this situation is reversed for another item.

Bobbin will not catch and/or hold thread. Machine too delicate for most applications.

I'm only keeping this item for the thread at this point, as paying for return shipping would be too much of a hassle. I didn't expect the world, but this is cheaply priced to match how cheaply it is made.

Ultimately, we got more use out of a $3 needle/thread pack from the grocery store."
the sewing machine literally worked for 5 mins. now it will not stich. I just spent an hour trying to get this thing to work again. I'm returning it asap.
"This is the most cutest mini sewing machine I've ever seen! I was a bit skeptic about the quality of work it does before i started working with it, have to say i shouldn't! This little cute machine does it's job! I already did my project of pillowcases for my living room, their fabric matches the fabric of curtains, so all my guests think i ordered it from somewhere! But it's just my husband who knows i did them myself and it seems he feels proud! All thanks to my little sewer! It's very cool. Just set the correct tension when u start working on it, and you will not be disappointed!"
"The machine works very well.
The biggest downside are the instructions. They are very poorly written and have no diagrams.
Pay up for something else just to get better instructions"
"I just got this machine and made a slipcover and a door curtain in one afternoon -- and I am not really a sewer!!

This machine came pre-threaded and ready to go. It is just a super little machine!! Don't hesitate to get this."
"I would really like to be able to make small alterations to my blouses. With this machine, it is hardly possible! I have been very patient for almost 10 hours (spread over 4-5 weekends) and it is always the same: it starts well and after the first 2-3 seconds of stitching, something goes wrong and it takes me quite some time to figure out the cause of the problem! The thread breaks or the bobbin in the thread gap doesn't rotate properly and clogs the thread in the thread gap, or the bobbin winder spool doesn't lock the thread to start sewing, or the thread gets out of the needle just as I start sewing, etc. Reading the manual helped but I think it contains several typos.

I have bought this machine hoping to refresh my sewing skills (that I honed in childhood on a Singer machine) in order to save some money that I would have had to spend at the tailor. I ended up with an unacceptable TIME COST and did the alteration I needed urgently by hand. This exercise reminded me that the quality of the final product highly depends on the quality of the machinery used in the manufacturing stage. This machine is cute but it is not very useful. I did learn some tips that may be helpful when I buy a professional machine. Good luck to anyone who decides to buy one!"
"I bought this sewing machine as an on the go product,its perfect for that or for a starter sewing machine for all ages approved. best used on a table. you will have to make the proper adjustments such as lossen the thread to your liking. its cute and very useful. works great"
"Before I bought this little sewing machine, I read the reviews to see what the general opinion was. I decided $20.00 was worth the gamble, and I gotta say, I LOVE it! I don't know what other people are doing wrong(the ones who left bad reviews claiming their machine broke every 5 minutes, or whatever), but I'm making a denim quilt, and have to sew together up to 4 layers of denim at a time, and I haven't had a single problem! I believe it's simply a matter of adjusting the tension and making sure the sewing machine is threaded correctly (Duh!). I say it was $20.00 well spent!"
"I bought this little machine with the hopes of getting at least ONE project finished.  That, however, did NOT happen.  The wheel on the back of the machine broke before I even finished my first project.  I would NOT recommend buying this machine.  Don't waste $20 on this cheaply-made machine.  You can get a MUCH better quality machine for about $99 at Target."
"I liked the idea of a small and cute sewing machine, but it just didn't work for me, the thread never caught the bobbin ""roller"" and so it never stitched, I thought of returning it, but I am not going to spend time to go to the postoffice to get $20 back.

You get what you paid for, but this time I didn't get much."
"I would agree this little machine is good for basic stitching and alterations. If you are a professional you can still use it as per your creative thoughts. I was able to alter my shirts and jeans. The needle was fine when I used it against the jeans tough cloth...its just that u have to stitch slower at the borders. The thread does not snap. This machine comes with a foot pedal and an adapter. You save on batteries here. It is a nice product and I would recommend buying it. They give you 3 extra bobbins pre - threaded , and 2 needles I guess. Nice product."
"i got this and had a hard time figuring out the tension, but after i figured it out, it worked amazing for such a little machine! its compact and seriously works... and i come from a large family of crafty women, they were all impressed."
"This is a total re-edit of my original review.

Do not waste your time or money on this machine. For the first month, mine worked alright, just a few thread catches, but now, only a half year later with minimal use, it isn't catching the bobbin thread, jams constantly, and all the effort put into fixing the problem isn't worth the extra time that I could use to do it by hand. Save those twenty dollars and use it to buy a better sewing machine."
"Machine is not working after only 10 minutes of work! The thread always skips the stitches, so when you think you sewing you looking at your seam and there is nothing, just no stitches. It seems the machines does not pick the thread in the bottom bobpin but don't know why. I will go for a more serious Brother sewing machine after this frustration."
"This machine isn't meant for ""real adult heavy sewing"".  It's perfect for small jobs on fabric that isn't too heavy.  I got it for my 7 year old daughter and she used it this morning for the first time.  In less than 2 hours, she'd cut out and sewn a darling little tote bag.  I drew chalk lines for where to cut on the fabric for her, and sewed the handles to the top after she'd sewn the handle seams. And, to attach the handles, it meant sewing through 7 layers of fabric and it did that without a whimper!

I even changed the thread with no problem before we started, using a regular size spool, so the thread would match the fabric."
"I did have the string breaking problem at first. After checking the tension, I realized I was threading the  needle from the wrong side. Since then, this tiny sewing machine has run perfectly. I am even amazed at how long the batteries last. I have made an entire dress, and mended a few other items and the little sewing machine is still going strong. I just love this baby sewing machine!!"
"After reading other reviews, I decided on this small sewing machine to do some simple projects--making cloth baby wipes and burp cloths. As long as the project is not a large one, this is a wonderful little machine. It only had a few hiccups when I was first getting used to the speed, but it works like a charm other wise. I love that it can be worked by hand or by foot, depending on what you are doing with it. I wouldn't try it for heavier fabrics, but it did fine with two and three layers of cotton flannel. The instructions are also fairly easy to navigate while setting it up the first time, which helped me, as a beginner, a lot!"
"I have never used a sewing machine before, but i liked the idea that I can do alterations on my jeans and pants, do some patchwork on my old clothes, and do various jobs here and there.

So I bought this. I was debating between this package and the machine only unit, and decided to go for the package because it has the same sewing machine, plus sewing kit that is supposed to have everything that fits to this small machine, and a pair of electrical scissors!

I did calculations and the package would work much better if the scissors are worth buying. I gave it a try.

1. Sewing machine.
As a person who has never used a sewing machine, the machine looked little bit complicated (mind you that I am a software Engineer, and not afraid of using a machine for the first time) with lots of holes for threads. But the guide coming with the machine explains pretty much everything to get started with. I could get around with the guide. The problem was, though, the guide is in crude black and white print and it is hard to recognize the tiny holes in the pictures. And there's one picture while there are more than three ways to get the thread hooked up.
If each way has an accompanying picture in colors, it would have been very helpful.

It also comes with a small packet that contains a few thread rolls and needles.

2. Sewing kit
I haven't opened it yet, but the kit seems to contain the essential elements.

3. Electrical Scissors
So, here's my problem. I expected a lot about these scissors, because I thought the electrical scissors are a bit luxurious item. But they didn't work when I put two AA batteries into the slot. I tried a few different brands of batteries but they didn't work. It made the motor sound in the very beginning at first but that was it. There is no guideline so I don't even know how it is supposed to work. I am thinking about getting them replaced by calling the sewing machine company.

I will update this review once I figure these scissors out.

But I love this little sewing machine; and thinking I would have fun and save money as well!"
"I'm a college student, so I wanted to get something cheap, small, and does the job.

This little guy does it.

At first, it was really temperamental. The thread would snap, or the stitches were too loose. But I played around with the tension and was able to get a decent stitch. You just have to adjust the tension depending on what type of material you are using. It's a very basic set up, with two speeds and no reverse. Good for small projects, hemming, repairing. But by no means can it replace a large machine. The needle's not very sturdy, so I wouldn't use it for thick fabrics like denim. And the stitch isn't very tight/secure. And the biggest downside is how loud the little machine gets!

It comes with the DC Adapter and a foot pedal, which most mini sewing machines don't.

Overall, I'm satisfied with this purchase. Basically, you get what you paid for."
"Don't waste your money.  This is a toy, and not a very good one."
Don't waste your time.  I have been sewing for over 30 years and thought this would be a good easy to travel with machine.  After threading it would make two stitches and jam.  I would rethread and get two more stitches and it would jam again.....over and over.......I wasted two hours of my life trying to get this thing to work before packing it back up and returning it.
"My sewing machine died. I cleaned out a lot of dust, used WD-40, but the feeder wouldn't feed. At 76 I didn't want to spend money on a new machine, so I went to Amazon. There was my Sew & Sew at a great price to help me with split seams, etc. It will work on battery or electricity. It will even do serious sewing if I ever get up enough ambition to take on a big project. I grabbed my debit card, picked up the phone on a Wednesday morning. My machine arrived that Thursday afternoon. I can't ask for better service."
It is good for small job work and even on cotton fabric only and it doesn't work properly on silk fabric. I wouldn't recommend this item. I am going to return it.
I bought this machine as I have been teaching my Grand daughters to sew and wanted something that wasn't as intimidating as my machine. The first on to use it was the three year old (of course I helped). She made her first pillow and it was a wonderful experience. The slow fast button makes it easier for the little ones so whether it be the three year old or the 7 and 8 year old. All can create and have a great experience white doing so.
This little sewing machine needs a guard around the needle to be safe for children.
"This little guy has what it takes to get the job done. We use it rarely but when we do it does the trick. I'm curios how sturdy it will prove to be.

UPDATE: It broke after light use, probably 7 times."
"Never was writing reviews... Bought this one for traveling and first impression wasn't bad until I started serious project, Machine is not sewing! The thread always breaks or skips the stitches, so when you think you sewing you looking at your seam and there is nothing, just no stitches. Trying to figure it out more then actually working with my project. It does have ""a good mood"" to sew every now and then, until you start serious part of your work. The tension doesn't do any difference, so it worthless. I'm not trying do anything to hard for it, just some little light blouse of white light cotton. Conclusion: As this is a kid's sewing machine, for kids I guess it be alright. If you need something serious to make and want some light machine and think this is a good choice- is waste of money. People with good reviews didn't try use machine fully."
"I thought this would be a good first machine for my granddaughter, 6 years old. She had been using my machine (with my supervision) and I thought it would be great if we could actually sew side-by-side, now that she doesn't need as much help as she did when we started. She opened it Christmas day and wanted to use it right away to make a small quilt for her dolls.  We got it all set up and turned it on.  It ran okay for about one minute and then the thread started breaking. It kept breaking every one to two minutes.  I thought it was the tension, so I turned the tension knob, nothing happened. No matter how much I turned it, it didn't change the tension at all. Then I thought, maybe the thread that came with the machine was old, so I tried to load my own quilting thread onto one of the empty bobbin spools that came with the machine.  That was a nightmare.  If you don't have extremely small spools of thread, there's nothing on the machine that will hold a normal size thread spool.  Threading the darn thing is also a nightmare. My granddaughter and I were totally disappointed in this product. Don't waste your money!

Mrs. B.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Michley-LSS-202-Lil-Sew-Sew-Mini-2-Speed-Sewing-Machine/dp/B0021L931S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Michley LSS-202 Lil' Sew & Sew Mini 2-Speed Sewing Machine</a>"
I like the little sewing machine.  It's great for crafts.  The only thing I don't like about it is it does not have a reverse sew for locking the thread.  That is why I gave it 3 stars.
"It s really small but work perfectly.
Amazing ligth and do the job.
If don t want pay for a outside close repair this will work fine"
Didn't work that well
We bought a regular size sewing machine from K Mart a couple years ago. I just used it this year. First time I did the needle got stuck. Found out it will cost $70 just to have it looked at not including fixing. Since I really wanted to get started sewing and don't have the money to get it fixed yet I bought this little guy. I really like it. Since I'm starting with small projects making pillows and reusable bags it works well for that. My only complaint is no backstitch. Which secures the stitching. But with practice I'm getting good at turning the fabric to do manual backstitch. I have a project in mind to turn jeans into a skirt but I will probably wait until I get the bigger one fixed. Though I might try on this one after I've had more practice. Also the foot pedal has stopped on me couple times. But since it has a button that does the same function it was a minor inconvenience. Honestly I found the button easier to use any way. I haven't tried changing thread or the bobbin winder yet so I can't comment on that. So far I'm happy with it. Have to wait and see if it stays that way after I do change the thread and use the bobbin winder. Depends on difficult I find these things. But I don't think they will be hard to do. I added a picture of a bag I made using it.
This was a waste. Could never sew anything at all with it. Thread underneath (tension) just knots up. I tried turning the tension nob every direction and sewing but nothing would fix the tension
Such a terrible experience. Not powerful enough to saw even the lightest material. Thread gets tied up inside and messes up everything. Have to throw it away
does not hold up to use
My grand daughter loves it.
Have to learn on this .. Two needle get bend ..total very nice just small
"It's not white and blue but white and purple. The package was opened previously and there was grease on the battery cover. The sewing machine comes with European adapter, which doesn't work in the US. Returned."
"Got out of adjustment after first use, cant reset to factory!"
"I initially used this to hem the pant legs of a pair of jeans, with the needle passing through three layers of denim.  However it did not have enough power to sew though the area where the horizontal hem passes over the vertical pant leg hem, where there are six layers of denim.  But I didn't need to stitch that area to make a functional hem.  The stitch it produced had decent tension and spacing, though it was pretty wavy, due more to my lack of sewing experience than to any deficiency of the machine.  I have  since used it to sew other, thinner materials, and was able to produce nice straight stitches.  With some practice I probably could sew a better hem in my jeans but, meh, its just pair of jeans.

In addition to the machine's tiny cost, its tiny size is a plus for me, since I live in a small studio apartment without much storage space.  I also like it's simplicity and its ease of threading and tension adjustment.  The instructions are adequate, but you may find it helpful to watch some youtube videos demonstrating threading, tensioning and use of this machine before trying to use it.  You can find several good videos on youtube by searching the machine's model name. or number.  Thread tension is the only setting on this machine.  Following the advice of one of my youtube mentors I adjusted tension while swing though a folded sheet of typing paper.

I gave this machine a 5-star rating because it is very easy to operate and does what it is designed to do, sewing a straight line in materials of moderate thickness, because it cost only $17, including sales tax and shipping.  However keep in mind that this machine is not designed to do anything other than that.  I haven't used it enough to determine how well it will hold up; but if it ever breaks I'll let you know."
