"This Pentel water brush is far and away the very best. Other brands, and I have tried them all, either leak or are made of such hard plastic that it is very difficult to squeeze. Also, the brush holds up much better than other brands. This is a great product that has changed the way I do location sketching and painting. Thank you, Pentel."
"I've been using water brushes with pan watercolors as my travel kit, and I keep returning to this brush, it's my favorite. It's the easiest to fill with water, it doesn't leak in my bag, and the bristles are surprisingly durable and they maintain their point nicely despite the fact that I really grind this thing into the hard, dry watercolor paint. In fact, water brushes do a better job of softening up the dry paints and they're cheaper to replace than sable brushes. The previous reviewer was unhappy about how much water is released when you squeeze the brush, but all water brushes are like that and you quickly learn to mix your paints a little more concentrated to compensate for that. You can make a perfect little travel kit with a mechanical pencil (never needs sharpening), a water brush, a set of pan watercolors or water-soluble pencils, and a small sketchbook or 4x6"" watercolor postcards, and just keep it in your bag!"
Received timely and in good condition.  releases a little to much water at a time but with practice works well.
Love these as desribed and work great.
"Works well, so far no leaks. When used properly and cleaned regularly I haven't had any issues with colors backing up into the tube, or any obvious stains. There may be a really really faint stain on the brushes after using some darker colors but it's barely noticeable and doesn't transfer."
"Fantastic brushes to fill with inks and paints! They can be filled directly under a faucet, with a squeeze bottle or with an eye dropper. The regular squeeze & suck fill method also works. Wide opening means all the liquid can be cleaned out. Other brands have a black stopper in the opening of the storage tube. (See my photos) No leaks found or balding bristles. I lose them before I break them. Verify you have the authentic Pentel brand as shown in my pics. Kuretake makes a great similar item. The Kuretake is only squeeze & suck fill and rolls without the cap installed. Kuretake has a better grip for the way I hold the brush."
"These are awesome. The brush is sturdy, and they're so easy to yse. Great for using out and about or at home. Great quality."
Nice
Works good
"These brushes have been wonderful! Don't leak, only spit on paper if I squeeze too hard, and I can get a wonderfully fine line out of the delicate tip. I use all three sizes regularly, and enjoy the options they give me. The small brush (at least on mine) has a few filaments that extend past the bulk of the bristles, so I have to be careful and make sure that the tip touches only where I want paint, but as log as I am paying attention, this isn't a problem. I have been using them for a year now."
These are seriously a must have if you're a crafty person like myself! I use these for blending different colors with my brush pens. And recently Ive bought ink to insert instead of water and I absolutely love the way it writes with ink! I recommend!
These are great.  I've been using watercolor pencils and they do a great job doing anything I want--from fine lines to a wash over an entire page.  They take some practice with to get the feel of a watercolor wide brush.
Beautiful watercolor look using these!
Works great for me alcohol inks. Thanks so much!
Loved it.
"Ive used them for years and they are still going strong! I absolutely love them and recommend them to anyone who loves to paint on the go, or just doesnt want to fuss with a cup of water."
These are the most incredible brushes. Trust me the three sizes are the best for line work and fill! Love this!
"Guess they are ok for some, I just didn't like them"
By far the best water brush I've tried so far.  Beats Ranger hands down.
"The smallest and largest brushes came defective (brand new out of packaging). The black part of the pen that connects the bristles to the body is not pushed in all the way, so the product leaks drops of water instead of pushing it into the bristles. I tried to push it in with my hands and with pliers but those didn't work. Pretty disappointed, these brushes are not cheap!"
"These are the only ones I'll use. There are cheaper, non-name-brands out there, but they twist the ""wrong"" way, and they leak EVERYWHERE. Trust me: I learned this the hard way. Just buy the name brand ones."
"Took a long time to receive because they come from China directly, but they work fine, and the price is outstanding.  Worth the wait.  There may be others that are nicer, but I have never tried them.  Nice to use when traveling, and with watercolor pencils."
Very good!
a revolution in watercolor. this is the brand to buy.
Great brushes that work pretty well! The water is very leaky which took some getting used to. The bristles keep their shape well however and are easy to paint thin and thick lines!
Good brush pen. Would recommend.
Favorite Water color brush pen ever!
these like the others - are all made by the same company - they are branded differently - but have the same basic design flaw - soft in the middle where they screw together - so they can leak - use Teflon plumbers tape to fix - they won't last for long but cute
"I love these pens so much! Though recently, the water hasn't been going to the brush with the fine tip one. No matter how much I squeeze, the water doesn't go into the brush, but drops out of the pen. Other than that, this is a great set of water brushes!"
Great to use on location.
I bought them when they were really cheap and they are not pentel. 2 of 3 leak...
"The small brush is leaking, I really love the other 2  that don't have any problem. If the water brush didn't leak i'll would have been the happiest customer ever."
Amazing product. My girlfriend is used to using pens and pencils for sketching so this gave her better control with painting. Best part is that it is reusable!
Great deal for great products that sell in art stores for twice the price!
"Currently using these with Winsor & Newton Cotman pans and they work great. Two out of the three that I received leak from the barrel if the pen is squeezed hard enough but this doesn't hinder any performance as the leaking is slow -- therefore, it is easy to catch the leaks. You can see the color being loaded into the transparent brush tip which is useful because then you can see whether you've taken out the color or not."
I thought these were going to be better everybody that said these were the best I personally liked Derwent  and Kuratake Zig better buy three are what they are. Water brushes are a personal voice abd these are good for sure u just happen to like other ones better. Thats why I took of a star
Super convenient for any artist.
"They are good, but it is a little uncomfortable to paint with them, at the beginning."
"Love these brushes, can't live without them now."
My package came and there was 1 brush in the package....not 3 like it should have....1.
Daughter love them!  Work great -
"I'm always reaching for these for my watercolors, gouache and ink projects."
"These water brush pens are heaven right now lol I've read many reviews and it was a great buy. I don't fill the tube all the way to the top, I just leave alittle space so that when I'm squeezing the tube, water doesn't come out. The brushes do get stained but most importantly the colors don't mix. Just have a cloth or paper towel, wet the brush, dab some strokes and your able to use another color."
Watercoloring has become one of my newest obsessions to do in my bullet Journal. These Pentel art water brushes are pretty amazing to use. I might be a small learning curve to get used to at first because I would definitely  squeeze more water than I intended to on my drawing. But these ate still pretty awesome to try out.
" them, great sizes"
My mom who does watercolor loved them!
"These are perfect for water-coloring, especially for on the go!"
just what I wanted!!
"simplifies spontaneous sketches from life considerably. i don't have to worry about spilling water on public transportation anymore. even though the bristles are synthetic, they're still of an impressive quality and are satisfying to work with.

edit:
caveat - do not use for work with gouache, as it places more stress on the bristles than watercolor."
"wasn't sure I would like them as I'm picky about my brushes. But it didn't take long for me to realize the benefits. Of course you can fill with watercolor, inks, etc., but I use them just filled with water. Work well with watercolor and watercolor pencils. They get a little ""overwet"" at times so I just dab on a paper towel and go."
"Great item, it blends watercolors very nicely and evenly. It also is good at building color."
NICE LITTLE ACCESSORY AND WORKS GREAT!
They do the job but are to pricey for thin plastic.
Great product.
The brushes are easy to clean.  It makes lettering really fun and enjoyable.  I purchase along with Speedball Super Black India Ink and I love it.  The strokes are clean and you don't have to worry about consistency issues.  With ink flowing through the tip like a pen it gives the best of both worlds. I brush pen that is refillable.  Very satisfied!
These are so cool!  So cool that i gave them all to my artist friends and daughter so now i need to reorder for my self ;)
Very useful for outdoor watercolor sketching.
"These brushes are horrible!  The threading to take the top off and on does not work. Once the top is off to fill with water, you cannot get it back on! Cheap junk!"
I like these for water soluble graffite on trips.
Brilliant! Easy to use when you are working outside.
"Fun to use, great control, easy to rinse when changing colors. No leaks yet. May not go back to my traditional artists brushes!"
Great watercolor pens
I'm a new bullet journaler and wanted to try some watercolors. This is much easier than traditional water and brush and I'm looking forward to learning with these pens!
These are super cool if you haven't tried something like this. Check it out
"Easy to use, Easy to clean"
Another great set for aplique
"These water brush are wonderful i love each points and they carry enough water to make a full project on coloring books, Recommanded!"
These are wonderful! Easy to fill and the tips are very smooth. Great purchase for the price.
"Bought these to do watercolor calligraphy and painting. They are OK, not that great. They have a tendency to leak even if not using any pressure while holding so it makes controlling the color difficult. Overall, good for beginners but would not purchase if you are intermediate to pro status."
"I like a lot, for me these brushes have quality!"
water came out of the breather holes instead of the bristles and leaked everywhere when you barley squeeze it.
Too much water comes out if used for a small piece of art
Wonderful idea.  Great while learning how to water color...or when you are in a bit of a hurry to finish a piece of art.
I especialy like  tips...no hairs to wear out or fall out.
"It does the job, but one of the barrels leaks if you put any pressure on it. Plus, it came from a Chinese seller, NOT the official Pentel brand."
These are great water color brushes. They give you a ton of control and they are perfect for brush lettering!
"Easy to use, convenient and easy to use"
bought for my daughter and she loves them
"First it leaked badly. Then I put ink in it and it clogged up and I had to water the ink down, more than I would have liked. It's an okay water brush, just feel like must be something better out there. This one does automatically put water out, no squeezing is needed. That's what I really didn't like about it. The water doesn't come from the bristles either, rather from above them."
best watercolor brushes i have tried
"Fine, arrived safely on time, if not before!"
"I really enjoy using these brushes.  I'm an oil painter that has been wanting to try my hand at watercolor but have been making every excuse in the book when it comes to starting.  I had no excuse but to ""start"" once they came in.  They're easy care for, carry around and use just about everywhere (and anytime).  They hold their shape well."
"excellent product, fast and safe shipping. Thank you"
"Comparing these Pentels with Derwent and Mudder,  these are the workhorses.  The Derwent  are drier and best for controlling small details.  Mudders release the most water and include the largest flat brushes, so they're great for larger washes or very wet techniques.  These Pentels are the perfect in betweens.  With some practice you can get the dry or very wet brush, or the in between.

When I travel light I prefer the Pentels.  Highly recommend the set."
"THE BEST AQUA BRUSH I HAVE EVER USED! the tip is sturdy, but also has a nice bend. I absolutely LOVE this!!!"
My daughter loved them and thats all that matters
The product was not Pentel brand Aquash brushes as pictured & indicated by model.
"I've used several water brushes, and these are the best I've tried by miles.  I've never had a single bristle come out, which seems to happen a lot with all the others I've used.  The bristles may stain, but once you clean or even just rinse them they don't pollute your other paint with other colors. The waterflow is constant on them so it makes them very easy to use for most applications.  You may want to switch to a small detail brush from fine details in paintings, especially watercolor, though.  I use mine with watercolors and watercolor pencils.  They are absolutely a must for me now. If you are on the go I can't imagine even trying to paint with anything else."
"It has a good quality, after frequent use, it leaks a little bit not that disturbing. I only hope it has smaller point"
Were not the brand pentel cause when i received them they did not come in that packaging. But they still work.
I ordered these brush pens in November of 2017 and I am just now receiving them only to see that they're some cheap Chinese knock off. NOT HAPPY 
worth the money.
Totally worth it! I have up traditional brushes completely after buying this
Excellent.
"I finally got these in the mail! They were a little late in the mail but that's okay. I've been reading reviews saying that they received Chinese knock offs. I bought mine from Amazon, like the seller from Amazon and I received the real thing. They work great :)"
works great!
"I love them, so much better than using regular brushes!"
Very nice
It's so goood at getting those little details
These were not the pentel water color brushes described
"The item came on time and as expected, couldn't be happier."
Great water brush. It does not leak water and the brush cover attaches and fits perfectly in the back of the holder. I also like that it is see thru so you can see the water level.
Takes some getting used to but interesting
Bought these for my wife as a gift after her sister let her try them out. Great product for a painter.
Very good water brushes.  Works well with all the paints I have tried.
Innovative way to watercolor. Kinda expected more brushes for the buck.
Great quality! They don't leak at all. A very nice set of water brushes.
These work really well. Water doesn't leak and the tube offers decent control. The brush tips are soft but not too soft and seem fairly durable.
"The best water brushes I've tried yet. I've bought something like four different Pentel Aquash waterbrushes over the past year or so, and I haven't found any other alternative that performs the same at this price point. I've also tried the Sakura Koi waterbrush, and I don't know if the one I got was defective or not, but it was significantly harder to squeeze water out, which doesn't seem like a good design for something used for watercolor.

As someone who likes to paint all sorts of subjects--landscapes, illustrations, portraits, cityscapes, etc.--I find that the large waterbrush is most useful. Most of the time, the large is all I'll ever pull out, so the medium and small rarely ever get any use. To be frank, I vastly prefer using normal watercolor brushes for watercolor paintings over water brushes, but the one important advantage water brushes have is its convenience. If you want to take normal watercolor brushes travelling, you also have to have a separate container for water, and that's quite a hassle. Waterbrushes eliminate that extra hassle; the only other thing I need to bring with me (aside from a watercolor palette and paper) is some tissue paper to blot the paint on. Super easy and portable!

Another note is that, unlike normal watercolor brushes, you may find yourself replacing these water brushes every six months or so, depending on how often you paint. I think it's quite normal, as these tend to take a lot of abuse. Also be careful not to accidentally jam brush hairs between the cap and the plastic body when you go to re-cap it; have done so a few times and it permanently splays the synthetic hairs."
"the product is not as described by the seller. it is a knockoff chinese brand and not the pentel brand. Also, the brush tips arrived wet."
"A nice 3 pack assortment of synthetic ""brushes"" (the tip is brush--the rest is a plastic vessel that houses water) to be used either in watercolor paintings with your regular pro paint tubes, or works best with watercolor colored pencils.  Amazon sells a MARVELOUS set of 72 watercolor pencils (which are VERY different than regular colored pencils) for $20, which also comes with a watercolor tip and vessel.  These tips are of various sizes, but useful for painting with the wc pencils.  As a professional watercolorist, I'm a traditional painter, but for holidays, all-occasion cards, I use these for finer details.  They're SO fun to work with, especially if you're a Sunday school teacher, or teaching students the basics of wc painting.  This is a terrific set for the price, and if you're not a pro, you'll love working with these.  I highly recommend.  An enlightening departure from my stressful, pro painting sessions, and if you're just out to paint for fun with your kids, or other occasions, they're a great fit.  Give it a shot, but be sure to buy ""watercolor pencils,"" not regular colored pencils.  No fuss, no muss, no worries.  Have FUN with these ""brushes"" and the available wc pencils.  Hands down, Amazon has THE best deal for the wc pencils.  I wouldn't bother trying to get a better deal elsewhere, because it's just not out there."
Practical and very nice! Totally recommend them!
"Good brush, but they aren't Pentel."
"I had a weird experience with this order, it took nearly a Month for it to arrive  and when it did the brand i received wasn't Pentel. It was a brand called Quinbo, when it came in it had fallen apart in the mail (bristles fell out of nib point, some other tiny black pieces fell out/broke)
Over all, they still all work fairly well but leak a little. There was a sale when i ordered them so u got them pretty cheap, so I'm ok with keeping them."
Great product that every watercolor artist should have in their supplies.
Takes Water color painting to a new level
the best thing to ever happen to watercolor painting as a hobby.  I freaking love these and they're so travel friendly!
Unfortunately the water brush emits so much water through the brush even if you don't apply pressure. Tried two different sets and it acted the same way. Water just oozes our from the bristles. Prefer the Kuretake brand that has much more control over the water.
"As an artist, quite often I go outside to paint. When the weather is beautiful, I like to take my journal, some watercolor pencils and a few water brushes outside to be creative. It would be most inconvenient to take out brushes and a bowl of water.

These water brushes are extremely easy to fill and squeezing out the water is very simple. I have had water brushes that I am practically strangling to get a drop of water out. Also, the water seems to last a very long time because none is wasted suffocating the brush. What I also like is that the brushes come in different sizes.

I highly recommend these brushes, especially if you are painting outside and want to take as little as possible with you. Furthermore,  they are also fantastic to keep in your arsenal of brushes to use in your art studio."
"I like it , have no problems working with it.
The thinest one is very good for small details."
Was not Pentel brushes. They seemed ok though but not as nice of quality. Didnt take long to recieve though.
"I had very high expectations with this top rated brand but very disappointed with my set!  I choose the 4 pieces set with all variety of brushes, at my test sketch I had two major problems:
1. When squeezed, the water leaked out at side where the brush is connected to the body before the bruh itself gets the water.  And it is major drops that would ruin a painting.  The Derwent set I have been using didn't have the issue.
2. The brush tip get too much water even when I am not pressing the body so it is easy to do loose strokes but cant do details  diluted paint just messed up the details.  The Derwent also didn't have that issue.
I will give it some more try; if not improving I may have to exchange it.  The only problem I had with the Derwent is that after less than one year one of my three brush set is stuck and water doesnt come out no matter how hard I squeeze and the flat brush got worn out."
I love these because it makes watercoloring a lot more efficient and portable. I also love how much more control I am able to have while using these brushes.
Not a Pentel product. Cheaply built and squirt water out the threads. Avoid unless sold directly from Amazon.
I absolutely love to use this Pentel pen. So much easier than using a Paintbrush dipped in water. Thanks for a great product.
Gave a high school student as a gift. She was thrilled.
These are a gift but everything came as expected!
Item received is not Pentel Brand. Was packaged with Chinese or Japanese writing. I already own a set of the Pentel brand and the ones I received are very poor quality.
Good! Works great
I am very disappointed to say that these are not Pentel water-brushes. See photos- they are cheap knockoffs from China.
"Better than the first generation water brushes that i tried a few years ago. Useful for travel when you don't want to carry a separate water supply. Does have all the usual limitations of synthetic brushes, but you can also fill with diluted ink for plein air sketching."
"Not as described.  It came in a small bag with all Chinese writing, not Pentel."
Not my favorite waterbrush. They tend to be a bit spotty and inconsistent in the release of water from the cartridge.
"First order of these was excellent: actual Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brushes sold by amazon. Love them! I've used them for a year and was looking forward to getting my children some for Christmas this year. Just got the 3 sets we ordered for Christmas--sold by Hot Moon. THEY ARE NOT THE SAME. The ones sold by Hot Moon are much cheaper-looking, clearly a Chinese company, and are not the product I ordered. Pay attention to who is selling the product you are buying. Now I'm faced with trying to return/order something new right before Christmas, giving my kids the lesser quality set and hoping for the best, or??? I'm attaching a picture of the newest batch I received."
This is an outrage.  I received a Chinese brand not Pentel.
"What I received is not the Pentel Brushes which I also own, but a poorly made Chinese knock off. It's leaky and it's poor quality. This is falsely advertised as the Pentel brushes but BEWARE because they are certainly not.
You can see a side by side comparison in the photos.
Amazon should not allow this deception, this is a disgrace."
Most excellent
"Bought for my mother who has arthritis in her hands, she loves them! Quick delivery."
"The product was shipped from China. The set comes in three water brush pens - two of which were broken in pieces. The only one that worked was of the poorest quality I've ever seen! I asked for my money back, and am now waiting to hear from the manufacturer. What a waste of time and money!"
"Initially i thought these were fine but they're not, i want a refund."
Been using the same set since 2015. I love them!!! The bristles do stain easily but it doesn't affect your painting/writing!!
I love this pen and I wish the set wasn't so expensive. I look forward to putting ink in this one day to try it out but meanwhileit it is working great for watercolor travel sketches.
They aren't selling the Pentel Brush Set as advertised but knockoffs instead. And even on their own merit leak sadly. Please be aware and shop elsewhere.
"These are amazing and save so much time when painting. No leaking, nice smooth lines. Would definitely purchase these again."
"DO NOT BUY, Falsely advertised item.  This is not Pentel as indicated in description and picture.  This item ships directly from seller in China and is a cheap generic version of brushes.  I am very disappointed that i was deceived and wasted my money on this and it is not eligible for return.  Amazon needs to update the information for this item to read correctly so that customers know what they are purchasing.  I would not give this item 1 single star."
"I am in hopes that this is as wonderful as advertised.  My three pens came in separate packs from --- I think China with only two words in English --""Water Brush"" I went back into my order to see how to use them .  Just an FYI if you struggle to open the pen as I did, it is not Righty Tighty Lefty Loosy"" it is just the reverse."
Love them thank P3 Designs for the tip !!!
"I purchased a very cheap version brush pens and they were ok, but after i heard everyone raving about the Pental Aquash ones, i though I'd give them a try.  Wow!  The difference is astounding.  Water control is excellent, there is no accidentally squeezing, you have to apply quite a bit of pressure in order to get the water flowing.. which is great in my opinion.  The brush is sturdy and holds its shape.  They come to a fine point, so detail work goes smoothly.  They are great to throw in your bag and do some plein air work.  I highly recommend these, they are heads and tails above the rest."
Theyre really easy tl work with the only downside Id say is that they sometimes dilute the color if you were going for a dark color but they make painting much easier.
"Great for watercolor paintings, and calligraphy!"
good
"Updated:  Initially I thought they couldn't be unscrewed .... I asked my son to try thinking maybe he could break them loose .... he discovered that they're threaded backwards ... i.e.  ... rather than unscrew counter clockwise, they unscrew clockwise.  So I still stand by my original comment that they're not genuine Pentel brushes .

Total waste of money ... can't even unscrew the tops to add water.  While waiting for these to arrive, I purchased a Pentel Water Brush at a local craft store ... no way these are genuine Pentel brushes ... not even close."
One brush tip was kinda messed up but overall these are great!
Nice products! Less mess but more fun. Good for parents like my wife who cant stand the mess from watercolor.
They are great!
Works very well and is most convenient! No glass of water setting around waiting to be spilled.
I love these water brushes. Great product for art journaling.
I would have preferred a 3-pack of fine point only.
"love water brushes, use all the time"
"Love these pens, they help with water coloring on the go"
These were NOT Pentel branded brush pens but a inferior REPLICA. A comparison with the true product shows significant differences with one of the three that I opened already failing. I am very disappointment that this was sold through Amazon. I would return but it simply isn't worth the effort. Boo. The price was too good to be true I guess.
These are wonderful!
Love these water color pens
I use these with water to activate and blend watercolor pencils.  I use them with alcohol to blend regular colored pencil.  I also use them in my travel kit for doing watercolor painting on the go.  Super easy to use and non-leaky.
Purchased for travel--great solution for art on the go. Would happily buy again.
"I received a counterfeit brush set, the lids are all the same color, and the brush nibs immediately started to shed. I've used them less than a minute and there a"
"Not that quality, feathering."
"I found these brushes fun to use for water color painting and good for on the go water color painting.

Certain water colors did stain the bristles but it doesn't effect colors I use after. Then if you squeeze the tube to tightly you might get extra water flow so its good to be mindful of your grip when using these brushes."
Good quality brushes.
fun
I have at least 50 regular brushes. These are the only ones I want to use.
Not pentel...dont buy
NOT from Pentel as advertised.
"I received counterfeit brushes.  There is no Pentel name on them and the caps are subtly different compared to the product photo.  I have not tried them, but reading the other one star reviews, it sounds like others are not realizing they aren't getting Pentel and that they won't perform well either.  Also, the shipping took a month, not two day shipping."
"The aquash water brushes are the cream of the crop where it comes to water control, bristle quality and longevity, and these brushes don't leak (as long as you don't bring them on an airplane). I've used both plain water, water with gum arabic mixed in (to seal colored pencils), and sumi ink (both concentrated and diluted). They perform very well, and I would actually buy a fine-sized aquash over the Pentel Pocket Brush Pen, and use my own ink easily."
"This is a horrible product! It took forever to arrive in the mail, and Is completely unusable. The brushes are horrible and split in apart, making a forked impression with no precision. I am shocked at the poor quality. The smallest one is impossible to use, because no matter how hard you squeeze, the water will not come out of the tube and left the brush therefore dry. The largest is almost too fat to use, but the real problem isn't the dry brush, making blending watercolor impossible, and split and frayed tips. You can hardly paint, and cannot do lettering or any activity like that. Also, the product is NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN so I cannot return this horrible product. Do not buy!"
"This is my first time using these brushes but I have seen demos on how to use these many many times which is what convinced me that these would be a great addition to my art supplies. I was disappointed to find that the the medium brush and single flat brush that comes in the four pack does not flow correctly. Even with the slightest squeeze, the water pools on the side of the nib instead of flowing out of the bristles. I thought I could work around it but since it pools and drips off the side, when I hold the brush at a natural angle, the water drips away from where I have the brush pointed creating a mess where ever it drops. I have the same problem with the medium brush but not nearly as bad. I was hoping to contact Pentel directly to request replacements on just the defective ones, but there is no ""contact seller"" option. The small and large brush work fine but the flat brush is unusable and the medium brush is incredibly frustrating to deal with. It only works about 1/2 the time, and the other 1/2 of the time it has the same problems as the flat brush. I have included a few pics of how bad the flat brush pools, almost like the bristles are clogged up or something, but I have run them under water to hopefully clean out any blockage but nothing helps. I didn't bother taking pics of the medium brush since it has the exact same problem. I'm aware that you don't have to squeeze to hard to get the water flowing but I am hardly squeezing and the water just pools. I will happily update the stars given if I received replacements. I really just want these brushes to work,I really enjoy working with the small and large brush but I paid for 4 working brushes and only got 2/4."
"The brushes I received are NOT Pentel. I already own a Pentel, and have compared them. These are imitation brushes, and I will be returning them."
"Id put a zero if that was a choice. I received generic brushes. Not Pentel! I ordered these specifically because I only like Pentel brushes. So someone is falsifying their product, and I don't think thats fair. I sent an email and will see if they reply. I didn't open them so I can send them back for my expendive pentel waterbrushes!"
"I bought these a while back (around 2 months ago) and hadn't reviewed them as I was waiting to give them as a gift. I gave it to a relative of mine who loves painting and wanted an easier alternative to the standard paintbrushes. This was wonderful for her! The brush doesn't shed at all, comes in many sizes which was good since she paints on small and large canvases, and am glad it came with a storage case! No need to spend more money on a container to keep them in. Very easy to empty, refill, and clean! Would buy them again for someone else I know!!"
"Great water brush pens!  Easy to fill, and the three brush sizes meet my needs."
I don't understand. I ordered a pack of 3 Pentel Aquash water brush but I received instead three Chinese imitation water brushes. I took a picture of one real Pentel brush I have beside the Chinese one I received.
Ordered the 3 pack. The brushes I got were NOT Pentel Aquash brushes.  Some kind of knock off. Water flows thru extremely easy when you squeeze.  Can't trust purchases on Amazon these days.
"NOT Pentel brand...so falsely advertised. Becoming the Amazon/China standard. Caps do not have ridges nor do they snap on well as real Pentel Aquash brushes... hope they hold their water and retain even, reliable application when being painted with. If not I will revise to one star. Waited 3 weeks for these pieces of junk...ugh. How is this okay?"
Nice brushes. They are too stiff (they are plastic) for traditional watercolor painting (in my opinion) but they work okay for watercolor pencils.
"Must haves!!! Theyre of great quality. If you out and about kind of creature, this will suit your style "
My daughter loves these pens!
"These are pretty aweful and they are an off brand a fake. It didn't say pentel on it like my othe brush from Michaels which was manufactured by the actual brand.
The plastic on the fake ones is soft. While the real ones plastic was hard.
The fake is on the left and the real one is on the right."
Great product. Ive purchased 5 other types of water brush pens. These are my favorite
great for making even gradients. great for traveling.
"My main gripe is that the thin tip pen has a high flow rate of water out the tip, more than even the medium and large tips. So it's impossible to do fine details with these pens.

Other than that, the pens do not leak water and are great for broad strokes."
"These are pretty good for watercoloring or inking large backgrounds, and they're also very, very satisfying to use, but they leak a lot out of the front end and mess up small details."
Works great and arrived quick
I wanted to by the 3 pack but was on a pending limit but I will for sure buy them one day
"Works great with my water colors, and its less messy than using a real brush that I have to keep dipping in water!"
wow - these are really awesome! don't need to take water with you...they are nice quality brushes.
When I try and get the water to the brush it only gets water where the brush and the little tank connect and messes up the picture
Amazing! Totally recommend it.
WORKS GREAT FOR MY SCRAPBOOKING.
"The best waterbrushes I have ever used. Have tried others, but Pentel makes the best."
Easy to use and retains a lot of water
"Works great! Wouldn't recommend it for outlining artwork though, as the inkflow is pretty fast and if you linger too long, you get pools of ink. Nasty. But it's great for blocking in color."
So much cleaner painting sessions with my little ones. These brushes make their paintings look like older children painted them.
"**Update** My rating of the genuine Pentel product stands, but I have to warn people not to order these from a seller known as Amaping, they are sending out obvious knock-offs in generic plastic sleeve packaging. On top of that the shipping date was pushed back 3 times.
Original Product Review: I have Pentel, Caran d Ache and Koi brands and these are my favorite, most economical brand. The price here cant be beat (9.99), these sell at art stores for $18. I use all three sizes, but the large is best for painting and the small and medium are best for line sketching with inks and hand lettering. These are easy to fill and hold a decent amount of water, they hold up to a good amount of abuse. I have waterproof black India ink in my small brush and one year later its still sketching perfectly with zero clogging. Id say give these a try if you haven't yet, the price is right. I have Pentel, Caran d Ache and Koi brands and these are my favorite, most economical brand. The price here cant be beat ($9.99), these sell at art stores for $18. I use all three sizes, but the large is best for painting and the small and medium are best for line sketching with inks and hand lettering. These are easy to fill and hold a decent amount of water, they hold up to a good amount of abuse. I have waterproof black India ink in my small brush and one year later its still sketching perfectly with zero clogging. Id say give these a try if you haven't yet, the price is right."
Does not leak at all. All three sizes comes to a fine point- I can make lines thinner than 0.5mm mechanical pencil lines.
I bought these to use as ink brushes and I found that their flow is crazy inconsistent. Sometime the ink will come out wetter and in a dropplet (like you're brushing a ton of water on a page). It flows way too fast.
"5 years later, and I am still using these. They work great, still look new, so I can't complain."
Try to suing. I love it
"These are super easy to use, and the water does not leak or spill everywhere. I definitely reccomend this product for beginning water color artists who are looking for an inexpensive yet professional brush."
"Wow, I don't know what to say about these brushes.... I was skeptical at first because I bought these to be my first watercolor brushes and they blew me away. It is so mess free, it makes it easy to go to my local cafe to paint (since you don't need a glass of water or towel/napkins to dab). I LOVE that you are in control of the water on the brush. I think every artist needs to try this tool. The fox creature was the very first thing I painted with it as a ""test"""
These work amazing with watercolors for brush lettering. I love the fine brush pen.
Love how these brushes are work. I can get very detailed. However they do tend to soak up a lot of water
Great product for watercolors. Even flow of water and easy to keep clean. I even have some designated just for sumi ink.
perfect
Quickly shipped and just as described.
Works great!
They are good for the fist 2 uses but then they leak no matter how well u close it
i thought the pens and the delivery was very good but its a error on the pens when you squeeze the pens its not a lot of water that goes into the brushes instead the water drops outside seal and drops on the paper.
Great
"Love these! Keeps your brush wet, brush is firm and makes it easy to push and pull paint, and they're comfortable in my hand."
These water pens were better than expected. I especially like that the body can be squeezed to expel more water and create a more watercolour like finish.
"I've probably bought a dozen of these at this point and I continue to love them.  They're great for water so you can paint on the go, but they're also fabulous for putting in ink or ink washes since the opening inside is large enough to fit an ink dropper in.  I currently use Dr P.H. Martin's ink in a number of them and it flows smoothly without clogging.  Only problem is every now and again I'll need to dry off the tip with a towel or something because they'll occasionally get a bit juicier than expected, but they're still absolutely fabulous so that once-a-week-or-so minor inconvenience is worth they trouble.  =>.<=

Also really love the different sizes since the fine one REALLY helps you get a super tiny line....Which is important if you're using these as liners like I often do!"
I never got it. My dad bought it for me from his amazon account btw. :-))))))
My first time using this type of thing. Kind of hard to control but they're fun to mess around with.
"Best watercolor brushes i have ever had! It takes a little getting use to having water always on your brush, but once you get the hang of it, its magic. I love using these paintbrushes. The sizes are super amazing too. You can get many different stroke lines with them. I recommend these wonderful paintbrushes!"
This is the perfect water brush for small areas.  I use Derwent Inktense pencils.  I do have a medium Pental Aquash and the fibers broke down immediately -- luckily I have some random medium brush I bought years ago that hasn't.  But this fine brush holds up quite well.
Perfect!
"These are great brushed and my wife loves them.

They are cheaper than most other water brushes but just as good! The water flow is nice and the tips are fantastic!"
"These brushes are fantastic for portable watercolor kits. They are very precise and allow great range of use between
creating washes and fine detail."
"As advertised, pleased with purchase."
good
love them...perfect to use where a jar of water isn't needed
I decided to start watercoloring and it's so easy with these. It's an easy way to control water amount and the tips are great at holding their shape so it's much easier to do details than with a normal paintbrush
Amazing for watercolor lettering.
"Right after I opened them, I put water in them and the water leaked right out through little cuts at the tip. It's not usable if I fill it with water, but I still use the brushes"
"Terrific water brushes! Easy to fill, tips seem to hold up. Easy to use, and work great! Highly recommend."
Love the variety of sizes in these brushes. I have had no problem so far with them. Great for on the go.
"Not pentel brand. I compared it to a pentel aquash and it doesn't have the brand name on the side of the barrel and the caps are different. Works the same so, I'm not gonna bother returning it. Pics show real pentel on the left and amazon's ""pentel"" on the right."
Great for travel or sketchbook crawls. Portable. What's not to like?
"A simple, good quality set. Easy to fill and works great."
"I really love these. I just found out about water brushes. Where have you been all my life? These are excellent quality.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Pentel-Arts-Aquash-Water-Brush-Assorted-Tips-Pack-of-3-FRHBFMBP3/dp/B00AX31TZO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 (FRHBFMBP3)</a>"
"My favorite water brush.  They seem expensive considering the cheap polyprope body but the expense seems to be in the very good brush point which has a perfect point and holds its shape forever, until you have scrubbed enough to actually fray the ends of the fibers.  Even then, they work, just as a more blunt tool.

They are fabulous with Tombow dual-end water soluble colors and good watercolor paper.  Don't even try them unless your paper is good."
I carry these along with my koi pocket watercolor set- they are wonderful! Great brushes for a great price.
"They worked just as expected of synthetics, but they tend to release more water then needed. That is the only reason i didn't give this product 5 stars."
best water brushes ever!
I love these so much! I bought them so I could do watercolor on the go but I ended up using them all the time! will be great for my ap studio class!
Really like using these water pens..
These are honestly the best brushes I've bought. I'm so glad i found these.
Very good brushes especially for art on the go.
Very different than any other products out there! Very easy to use and creates a different look than other brushes. I would recommend this to everyone trying to learn watercolors!
"A good quality water brush. Dependable and portable. Easy to use and clean. Excellent for mild watercoloring. Is you use thicker heavy gels, or acrylic paints, then use a reg brush."
Always excellent.
These are wonderful for applica
This is the best waterbrush I've found yet. The water tank is super easy to fill under a tap and it the flow of water is awesome. I order these to give to students in my calligraphy classes and I'll keep doing so. Not only is it a great product but you can't beat this price!
really good quality! not much brush tip verity but still good. better for smaller watercolor painting. kind expensive but best built and quality. also u can attach the cap to the end of brush most water brushes u can!
Perfect....excellent for watercolor. I use them for the cards I make. Easy to control. No dripping or issues. Excellent product !
"I just LOOOVE LOOVE LOOVE these brushes.  I almost went to some other place W**h.com to buy a cheaper set... and I am so glad that I didn't.  These brushes make the narrowest strokes as well as thicker strokes.  It's just such a joy to use and play around with.  I am very glad that I got them!

Are you in to painting?  Lettering?  Calligraphy?  Crafts?  Then I would just spend the money on these brushes and not have to have a ton of crazy brushes at home.

One HUGE plus for me is that the brush cleans up by just squeezing it and brushing on a paper towel.  It doesn't get easier than that.  Really!"
These work great. Terrific for outdoors.
"Great brushes, loved them!"
100% perfect!
Not happy with this brush. Not sure if it's faulty but water runs out way to fast and has ruined a project  It's not good and I'm not happy
"Use these for watercolors, wonderful."
"Great set, tips are durable and very well hold their points. Water distribution is decent, don't need to squeeze it often at all for bristles to stay wet, but not dripping. Great product!"
"Purchased for a student, and they absolutely exceeded expectations. Have lasted all these months without needing to be replaced."
"I wanted to try these, but I think I might just keep using normal sable brushes.  These don't absorb water in the same way as normal brushes, and that makes me sad.  :(  They're perfect for working w/ watercolor pencils."
These are awesome Water brushes and I enjoy use them. I haven't used all three just yet. But had started using one of them on my projects. It was a learning curve at first. Since I never used these water brushes before. But getting the hang of how to use them after while.
fun for ink drawings
"Works great, the bulb makes it easy to squeeze out more water if you need it."
Love them using them everyday.
I like them
great brushes would buy again great service. Thank You
Great
"Love these, plus my professor thinks they're amazing."
I love these brushes. I am actually considering purchasing another set for when they wear out which they will because I'm using them daily.
Awesome brushes! Very smooth and hairs do not come out.
Work great for what they are. Not sure yet... time will tell ... I think they will break down pretty quickly for adult use but can then go into the kids art supplies so all in all  I gave them the star rating
"I purchased the fine tip pen, the bristles are nice and good quality BUT when you squeeze for the water to come out, water leaks from the top instead of the tip of the brush where it's supposed to. It seems as if there is a gap and that part is poorly made. Going to return this and order the medium tip to see if it's a problem for all or just this one."
"Great way to ""up"" your water color pencils, water color crayons, bleach etc."
High quality watercolor brush. Careful not to bend the plastic too hard to squeeze the water out. I didn't like how the watercolor could not wash out of the brush completely.
"I love these so much, so wonderful for travel watercolor and painting and just regular painting at home. Goodbye designated paint cup, hello to the future of watercolor! I think the only downside is the bristles stain easily, but the colors don't ruin anything so it's not a big deal."
Super purchase!
Works like a dream.  Worth it.
Received package quickly. Just what I wanted.
Quality product
"sister loved as gift, they seem to work great!"
I have used these with Caran D'ache Neocolor II and loved how well they worked. The brushes cleaned easily and performed beautifully. I would buy them again and recommend them to friends.
"My sister asked for these types of brushes, she seems to really enjoy them and uses the a lot, she really enjoys them for when she wants to paint on the go"
Love these things!
Love these brushes!  The flat brush is really a filbert - the perfect size filbert!  Otherwise I use the small and medium round brushes...  They perform beautifully!
These work great. I never knew these existed and I'm so happy I found out about them. It's such a fun and interesting way for me to do watercolor. They're exactly as described so order with confidence!
"I love this pen, it's great for when you're on the go and can't just have a cup of water sitting nearby. It's a lot cleaner to use, since you don't need to dip your brush into water each time (all you need is squeeze!) and clean up is fairly simple too. When I want to switch colors, I simply grab a napkin and wipe of the paint while squeezing the tube to get more water.

Only issue I have with this is the water control. When my brush gets dry, the water from the tube does not come automatically (at least, not enough), and I need to squeeze the tube a little. Problem is, I often squeeze to much and the entire brush is loaded with water, which creates a huge puddle in my page. Granted, this is an issue that can be cured over time as your skill develops, but it's still a minor problem I'm being nit picky about."
These are my favorite brushes any time I paint with watercolors.
"I love these brushes! There are three different sizes. All you do is fill water in them and squeeze the body to wet the brushes. Then you grab some watercolor paints and do your artwork. The only issue that I have is that the brushes get stains easily even after I washed them out thoroughly. I do not know if it was just the brand of watercolors I used or the brush itself. Apart from that, the brushes are great and very useful if you ever want to do some painting while traveling."
Literally there is nothing negative to say about these brushes. They are a god send and honestly I have no idea how I survived without them!
"These pens have been my bread and butter for practicing. I load them up with ink and just go to town. The cap seals nicely and the ink is always fresh and ready to be used at a moments notice. Could not recommend these brushes more.

Qualifications: Wedding Calligrapher and Brush Pen enthusiast"
Love!
The cutest and most practical water brushes I've ever owned! They are so easy to paint with and easy to clean up! Usually watercolor is a hastle for me; water cup and tissues and cleaning them up etc. So glad I bought them. Where were they all my life? They self-cleaned ! I can't live without them now! I would recommend these brushes to beginners and professionals on the go 
Very nice quality. They are much better than the white transparent ones I had before.
"One of the brushes leaked at the seam where you take it apart to fill, but the other two functioned perfectly and I still use them.  I've tried several other similar water rush pens, and these are no better or worse than any other."
These are genius!  They make painting on the go very easy.  Really I just love them!
"I use these with my ink painting mostly for doing the ""wash"" parts. I put a tiny drop of ink in the water reservoir and shake to mix. And voila an even wash. I also dip in ink and they work that way as well. I find I'm still more comfortable doing fine detailing with a regular brush, but I think that may be due to years of training on a regular brush. Great addition to my art supplies.
I have stored these in some terrible positions and places and zero leaks. :D"
Always my go to
They work really well.
I don't know why I haven't purchased these before. So much more convenient vs brushes and a cup of water! They are easy to travel with.
Love these.
"These are helping me take my watercolor game to a whole new level! Easy to use and convenient, they are a great addition to my art supply horde."
These are very cool and easy to use.  I love the concept of being able to control the water in my water color this way.
Good product!!
"I only wish I had found these sooner! I love to do art, you could say I am prolific, but i am also lazy and like to sit on the couch and watch tv at the same time. So watercolor is usually kind of messy and i opt for colored pencils.

I thought I would try these for field paintings, for those special times I do get off the couch and wander outside.

These things are the bomb! Different brush sizes and the water inside lasts a long time. Mind you i am not doing giant paintings, just ones that can fit on my lap. At first I didn't think they could do a wash, but yes they can! Just gently squeezing keeps the flow of water going! I am sure my college art teachers would be mortified, but hey, these allow me to work where and when I want, no mess, easy to pick up and put down,"
"love, these work great! Very easy and smooth application."
"I am absolutely loving these, perfect for bullet journaling!"
You have great control over what you are painting. Easy and lots of fun to use.
"These are my go to brushes while traveling! So far they haven't leaked, easy to transport, love the various tip sizes, and best of all easy to clean. They're perfect for various wet media so i can switch from one to the other without any problem. The brushes maintain their shape, although make sure you use the appropriate paper."
"Water brushes are new to me and I was excited at how well they worked!  There's no backwash of paints into the reservoir and it easily cleans the brush between paint colors.  I took these brushes with me and a small watercolor palette to the National Gallery in DC and let my 11 yr old daughter sit on the floor and be inspired by the masters. Couldn't have happened with a traditional paint set up with cups of water for dirtying.  They didn't work as well for my 5 year old however, who was prone to squeezing the brushes and drowning the paints in water, therefore diluting the color.  He would also press hard or even smash the brush onto the paint surface, probably severely shortening the life of the bristles.  I'd recommend for more mature painters.  If you found this review helpful, please let me know."
"The brush part is fine, they are well made and of fine quality. However the barrels and overall design is too short for my taste, it makes the balance of the brush awkward and hard to use, like it has a very stubby feel, so it's hard to work gracefully with it. Also the brush bristles are very long and smudgy, which may be up another persons alley, but to me it just felt mushy and hard to control the paint."
"I don't know what kind of art is done by the people who gave these brushes 5 stars. They leak like mad. I thought I'd figured out that holding the brush straight up and down when you squeeze it, allowed the leaks to drip onto the brush tip, but before long, leaks were coming from all over the place and plopping down on the watercolor paper.  And this was from barely squeezing them. Full barrel or almost empty barrel. To quote the president __ Leakers!!!! And, though the package said that a flat tip was included, all four tips were pointy. I'm very disappointed because the little use I got from them, the tips handled beautifully. The concept is fantastic. I frequently work at my computer desk, looking at my comuter at a photograph I've taken. These brushes are the perfect solution to not spilling water on the keyboard. And I don't have to worry about dipping them in my coffee instead of the water jar. So if anyone has found a brand that doesn't leak, please let me know. Meanwhile, these are going back. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy. It's why I took a chance in spite of the consistent complaints about leaks.  I've included a photo of a leak. It's kinda cool. You can see the keyboard reflected in the drip"
"Perfect for water color paints. Retains water in actual pen, so no need to carry bottled water around. Convenient!!!"
Work as expected. I like the shorter length.
Excellent quality and so helpful!!!
These are the best thing ever. My daughter likes them so much I am going to purchase a set for myself.
"The problem is that you need to have the right type of watercolour paper because I noticed that it was kind of hard to control the amount of water going onto the paper which made the paper very soggy and grainy, though it might have been the type of paint I was using, I doubt it.  I would purchase them again but if something better was on the market I would go elsewhere."
They're generally good brushes to start off and colors the surfaces you need. Doesn't leak and goes with well with the grip.
"I bought them 6 months ago and after about 4 months, the small one broke. I don't know if I'm not supposed to keep water inside of them but now I cant get water to push out. And now the large one is broken too. I don't know if its something I did but I am disappointed. But other then that, they are great and easy to use."
These make watercolor painting so much fun! I love having control over the flow of water. I teach a group of ladies who do Bible journaling. They love borrowing the paint brushes.
Good
I love them! They are perfect for watercolor painting!
Purchased product for water coloring with pencils.  Perfect find.
I mainly use these for my watercolored  pencils when I make cards.  They work great. Am very pleased with them. a good buy.
I have only used one of these. I had a problem with it leaking. I have other sets that I like better so I have put these away for a while. Will try again sometime.
"super fun for hand lettering - we use filled with water and dipped into water color, so it doesn't limit the number of colors per use."
"Nicely packaged and arrived safely in top quality! I've used the Pentel Aquash Water Brush for over 3 years now and I've never been disappointed in the quality, flow, and water filling! The convenience and such well made design is what has made me continue to buy this brush while recommending it to all my friends (in whom have received such an epiphany  when seeing my Pentel brushes and gotten these themselves, haha!) Certainly would recommend!"
Love these water brush  pens. I now have enough of them for color and plain water work.
I'm still getting used to using these pens but I love them so far. Some colors did stain the brush already but that's fine.
"I've never used this type of paint brush but was very satisfied with this purchase. The fillable tube can be filled with ink to make a mock brush pen, or simply with water to use for watercolor painting (which is my main use). The brush heads are pretty resilient and don't fray very easily. The brushes haven't leaked at all, and although I was concerned that water might pass through to the brush too too quickly, I haven't had that problem! When you aren't applying pressure for the tube, very little water comes out, so I haven't had any problems with painting. They are very easy to get the hang of and a nice option for less clean up (no rinse cup needed, you can just wipe the brush head on a towell while squeezing the barrel) which also makes this a great option for on the go use."
These pens are so convenient. I don't know why I never knew about them before. They are so handy. You can take them practically anywhere.
Bought these water brush pens for watercoloring stamping project. Filled with my own mix of watercolor paint and water.
Items arrived well packaged. My daughter is very happy with her surprise. Thank you.
Really happy!
These retain water without any dripping. They don't hold earlier pigment when switching colors once rinsed. This can be done with by squeezing water through and wiping on a towel or using a water filled cup. It a great travel companion for this reason. Holds quite a bit of water to last! I only had to fill it twice to paint a 9x12 with multiple saturated watercolor layers. The tips also retain their shape each use.
Best water brushes i have ever used. Retains function after >1 year of heavy use.
"I am just learning to use water color pencils and I like these brushes because they help me control the flow of water. The water color pencils I am using are highly pigmented so some colors will stain the tip of the brushes. I haven't tried to use soap to wash them off, just water to clean the brush."
"THEY DO THE TRICK, BUT WILL HAVE TO WORK WITH THEM MORE SO I DON'T GET SO MUCH WATER ON MY PROJECTS"
"Great pens! On time, works perfect!"
Just what we hoped for.
These are great for beginners (that's what I am) and experts alike! Good for small paintings especially. I think for larger stuff the original paint brushes work best though
They work great and I love the variety of the 3 sizes.
Loved this brushes!! Perfect price
I thought I was happy with my Derwent water brushes until I got these.  The tips are much better and don't wear out nearly as quickly as the Derwent water brushes.  They are a great buy for the price and easy to use!
"I saw this on a calligraphy tutorial and couldn't believe something like this existed! Just amazing! I bought this one, and also another brand of them that are straight like pens, and clear. plastic The Pentel holds more water, doesn't roll around if you set it on the table, and is more comfortable to hold, but it leaks from where the brush part connects to the body (and yes, I have wiped out the threads, tightened it, etc.). The straight, clear kind doesn't leak but they're less comfortable and you have to replace the water constantly. The best part about these things is the cleaning--you just get an old towel and keep squeezing water through them and wiping it until the color is gone, and bap--clean! No more jars of dirty water.

I'm still looking for my baby bear water brushes--that don't leak, are comfortable, and hold a decent amount of water--because the concept is fantastic."
I love this brush because it gives me the flexibility  to go out do watercolor on the go.
"I'm still getting the hang of using these, but so far they work great!  No problems with colors going inside the barrel or anything like that. Brush has stayed nice and clean - just use a little spit to put it back to a point after washing (learned that in art class years ago - works great)."
It works. But I find it much less convenient than I had hoped. Once I get used to it -or REALLY need it- I'm sure it will be fine.
Very nice product!
They come up to expectations. Water flows freely and pick up colour well from dry colour boxes. They are easily cleaned and have secure tops which is also important.
These are the best I've found and I've done a lot of searching before making this purchase.
Love these! They do what they say they do and are trusted with a  bunch of hand letter artists I follow on Instagram! :)
The very best water color pens.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who sketches and then water colors.
My daughter likes this a lot. However she said it stains easier than another brand she has but she really likes the brushes so it's a keeper for us. Looking forward to seeing her art projects.
"These pens are very good to use if you're new to water coloring (like me). They help control the colour very well and make it more precise when doing a piece. It's reusable and easy to fill up with water, I highly suggest buying this product. [:"
"I love these brushes. I've been way more motivated to paint since purchasing them. I use them with watercolor pencils, and it allows for a great deal of control and portability, while still producing a nice watercolor effect. I'm still figuring out how to regulate the water flow, and after initially squeezing them a lot of water comes out, which is great for watercolor paper, less so for filling in shading in my sketchbook, as the paper gets a bit too saturated. Also, the bristles stain quite easily, which doesn't affect the final result, but now they don't look clean. Overall, very practical and fun to use."
Great!
"Better than ""off brands.""  I have always found these to be the best of the bunch."
I love these water brushes. Good quality
These are very handy and work well to wet Neocolor II Water-Soluble Crayon that has been applied to paper. I mostly use the small and medium brushes.
Perfect! Love these brushes. Great for traveling :] would definitely buy more when i need to. I recommend to anyone!
"Pentel is for sure my favorite water brush, but I have the M size and this S size is small but the result on paper is pretty similar with the M."
"I've been using the Koi Watebrush for a while and wanted to see how this compared. Honestly, there's no big difference besides price. The tips both felt strong, tubing was very similar, caps... everything very similar. Great for field work or when you're too lazy like me sometimes and just want to do a quick sketch without running for a cup of water somewhere. I have both the fine size and normal size, I'd recommend both- for
Filling in bigger landscapes and then fine detail work."
"Wonderful water brush! I love how small the brush head is. It works well for getting into those tiny, detailed areas. Great water control. No leaks. I have the medium sized brush as well and it is also great!"
"I got the medium and it's the perfect size. Water comes out faster than anticipated, it takes a second to get used to but I love it. It's quite a bit cheaper than what I've seen in stores."
I have used these for a couple of months now and they are great.  I have had no leaks.  The tips did stain but that does not come off with a new color.  It just makes them look well used.
"Inexpensive, three different sizes and ready to use once you fill them with water, great brush tips. They perform as promised and are good value both for plain-air watercolorists as well as for studio work. They perform well if you used them as traditional brushes if you want."
"Bought a set of these for my wife to use with Reeves Watercolor paints in the Red Metal Tin set, and we all like how they work.  Will probably get some for myself and daughter later."
"I saw these on TV crafts show and wanted them, but did not know quite what to search for until I finally saw an ad for them.  This is such a good idea, I am amazed they are so unusual but glad to finally have a set of three sizes.  I hope to use them with water for blending color pencils."
These brushes tend to have poor control over the flow of the water.  I find when painting that even though I'm not applying any pressure that it seems the water keeps flowing anyways.  Overall they're pretty good for traveling with.
This would bean awesome product but the pen won't write its a complete waste. The shipping was relatively fast.
"Nice fine tip, easy fill and water control."
"These are cheaply made, but the idea is good.  sighing."
Amazing product!
PERFECT!!
My favorite watercolor brushes! They don't leak and they write beautifully.
"Can't do without these.  Easy to use and I love that there are three different tips.  I've used other brands, but prefer this one.  Easy to clean and to work with."
great
I love these brushes! Very convenient and so easy to use!
"Purchased the 3 pack that includes the large, medium, and fine brushes. If you can tell from my photos, the fine and large brushes have a gap in the ferrules. Because of this, when giving the brush a gentle squeeze, water seeps out of the gaps instead of the brush hairs. I believe this gap is meant to be lower and behind the plastic clear blue. I tried to push the black ferrules down but couldn't. The medium brush did not have this issue. But I still do not enjoy the medium. There is not enough flowing water without having to squeeze it. I tried using these with neocolor II crayons. After rubbing the crayon and rubbing the paper, the brush was immediately dry and would not pick up any more pigment. I have ordered the same fine brush in a single pack. I hope it is bette"
You get some buff to comfort when you'r using these out of your common workplace.
Great quality and helps with gradation when painting.
I use these for brush lettering and I love them!
BFA student in illustration. Does not hold as much as more expensive products but will not leak as long as the cap is on tightly. Has to be refilled frequently but it is worth the extra fills for the price. Works well with plain water and diluted ink washes and watercolors.
my everyday sketching big love!
Arrived as promised.  Competitively priced.  Well pleased.  Purchased for grandchild who loves it!
Great to use with water colored pencils.
"Fantastic!!! I use them on airplanes and traveling. I like to make really fine lined artwork using watercolors and they work fantastic for that. For more traditional watercoloring, it may not be the best, but they still work really well."
"Excellent quality. One of the best products I've bought.
They are so practical, you just need water to fill the brush pens."
"These are the only aqua brushes I trust. I've had others leak around the caps and others where the bristles were way too stiff and just flicked my water and ink everywhere.

These make great ink brushes as well. For any comic artist or illustrator, these are a must for ink washes in tight spaces."
Love it!
Very nice product. Works well with watercolor pencils. Recommend.
Love this product! So easy to use.
Great product!
Love the way they paint. Easy to use !
"My granddaughter 13, requested these for her birthday. She loves them, sent me a text video of her using them. She also got new watercolor paints and watercolor paper.  She completely recommend the brushes."
Good brush
Works well
Very effective. I use with watercolor pencils and crayons.
"I love these! They are great when you're trying to start watercoloring with them or lettering...but I must say, it is very difficult to letter with these, it takes a whole lot of practice:) but watercoloring works great!"
This is my favorite size to letter with. It works so great!
These are OK but not the best I've tried. I got much better control over how much water comes out through the brush tip with the Arteza brand pens.
Love these water brushes.
These brushes have been working very well. I don't have watercolor paints and dropping the water into the paint from the brushes has made it useful for that medium.
These are amazing! I was terrible with watercolors when using typical brushes. These pens have changed everything.
"These are the greatest water brushes! I loved my first set so much I bought two more packs as back-ups. The brushes also arrived in a very timely manor from a small family-owned company, which is fantastic!"
Theses brushes are a great asset to any water color artists EDC supplies. Easy to fill up and the water reservoir goes a long way. They hold up well and work great!
Their exactly what i wanted.
I use this brush for brush lettering but mostly use the smaller and medium brushes. The brush holds its shape really well and is very precise. They are also very convenient for travel. I would definitely buy it again!
interesting
"Easy to use water brush, excellent for watercolor.  Just put in the water and paint!  Instead of getting your paper super wet it gives a just enough water to start your paint flowing across the pages.  This brush makes it easier to control a medium that is known for being somewhat hard to control.  Just squeeze a little harder to get more water out."
Bought these to try with an application related to water color. Love them... the brush is like a chinese calligraphy tip and it holds a lot of paint for quite some time. takes a while to get the hang of water control. Handy to have napkins nearby to absorb excess water.  My new secret weapon.
"holds water well, very little (if any) leaking."
water is either not coming out or dripping out of the seem of the lid
"These are great for a beginner. The water retention tank is a feature I've never seen before, but my fiance, who I bought these for, wouldn't have it any other way."
as described
Great brushes - great control and ability to control the water.
"I had never used these before and really am happy to have added them to my ""travel"" art kit."
"They are a bit flimsy and light, but perfect otherwise for beginners wanting to take up watercolor. They have great brush tips, and assorted sizes.  My daughter loves these and has started to use them while painting. Just make sure not to squeeze too much water or your painting could possibly get ruined! Besides that, they are a great product to use when painting!"
Excellent
"There will be a learning curve with these for sure, as I am use to typical paintbrushes. BUT, good quality and I think I will enjoy them in the long run."
"incredible!!

love it!!!"
"Decided to give these a try.  I did an entire watercolor painting only using these 3 brushes.  It takes a little bit of practice to get the right amount of water vs. paint but once you do, it's a breeze.  Would make great plein air brushes for doing a quick painting on location."
This is the best water brush I've found.
"The plastic brush tip was ragged. I did trim it but it has no defined edge, in fact it looks and acts like a rake. This is not what I expected considering the good quality in the round Pentel water brushes I own. I have since purchased a Mudder set of water brushes and the large flat brush included in that set has the nice flat shape with a defined edge of a flat brush ,a perfect travel brush for laying down washes and defined edges."
These water brushes are awesome!  I purchased another brand prior to these and they were awful. These are easy to fill with water and I love painting with them.
I have had this brush for about a year now and it still works pretty nicely. The brush is smooth and it lets out water good.
Fun and easy! Wonderful watercolor tool!
"Nice- three different size tips. Good weight, good size. I like these a lot!"
Thank u
I can't believe I am just now trying these water pens they are amazing and so easy to use and I ama beginner as well and very easy to use. I am very happy with these. The brush tip is nice and here are 3 sizes and the water comes out slow or faster if you squeeze.
good product
These are great if you want to make the most of your paints and not get water everywhere.
"Works great, follow me @brooksblaineandgrey on Instagram to see more!"
love these too
"I like these brush pens, They feel like they are good quality, and the actual brush tip is very sturdy. I found it a bit hard to control the flow of water, but that might be due to me not using brush pens very often. You have to squeeze VERY lightly or water will drip out of the barrel. But overall I'm happy with them and will use them in the future."
"I love these water brush pens! The variety of brush sizes is also really helpful. I use the smallest for watercolor lettering or for details. The medium and large brush sizes I use for larger lettering pieces or for washes. I use them the most especially when I'm out and about, and can't always bust out my regular watercolor brushes and a cup of water. The tip stains, but it doesn't affect the color at all when you paint. They're also super easy to clean. Just squeeze out extra water and brush it against paper towels until it runs clear."
If you haven't tried them you should. Great for Painting on hikes etc. . Don't have to carry much water with you. I love mine.
Really nice. Makes painting fun.
"Love this brush!! Definitely something you wanna try out if you're experimenting or learning to use watercolor. My first attempts at using watercolor was pretty challenging since I usually paint in oils and acrylics and could not shake my heavy hand when applying color. Since using this brush, I feel I'm starting to understand the behavioral properties of watercolor and been getting a lot better results."
I'm new to art. I would have given up on watercolor if I had to struggle with the constant dipping and rinsing of the brushes while I'm in the learning phase. These are perfect for beginners!
"As the #1 recommended water brush, I was happy to give Pentel a try. My favorite Sakura water brush seemed like it was starting to get a bit rough after several months of usage. Long story short, I love to travel with my art. But these... they frayed after ONE DAY. Needless to say how disappointed I am. They looked a bit cheaper than my other ones -- the plastic bristles are very clear and thin. They proved to be cheaper than they looked. Not only that, they have horrible water control. Press on them a little and the brush stays dry. A little more pressing will land you on Noah's Ark as your paper is flooded uncontrollably.

I have hurriedly ran back to Sakura. Don't even buy these for your kids!!"
"I love these for watercolor! I don't use paint or ink inside of the pens, so I can't vouch for that but as a water reservoir they work well. I love them for taking out and painting on the street, the beach, or in the garden. I feel like the tips keep their point well and I can get fine details with the smallest tip. With some experience its fairly easy to control the amount of water coming out of the brush and the amount of water on the tip of the brush."
"As another purchaser reported, these brushes leak at the joint between the collar and the brush head, despite being gentle and deliberate in applying paint"
As described
"This works for me, it lets out the right amount of water. I definitely need more sizes."
"Love this water brushes. they are great quality, very easy to use and I would recommend this to anyone using watercolors."
"I wanted to like these, and maybe I got faulty samples. But the brushes I received let out way too much water, and there seems to be no way to control how much water they release, or when they release it. I'll stick with ""normal"" brushes thank you."
"Thanks, I love it!"
"I used this for addressing envelopes for wedding invitations, and it worked perfect for brush lettering!"
LOVE IT! I used to use the default water brush with Sakura watercolor kit. The difference is day and night.  These are such great value! I love how precise the brush can be. I wish I had bought these sooner
Premier selection of 4 different tips.  Well-made with large reservoirs.  Super fast delivery.
Worked as advertised
This brush came early and is great quality I am a artist and have been looking for one it is great
Got these today and my daughter and I had fun trying them out with watercolor. Much easier to use then a regular brush. Look forward to trying out different ways to use these too.
"This was a huge hit with my little friend who has an amazing artistic talent for 9 years old, she absolutely loved this, so I ended up getting her more. Great for watercolor pencils, makes drawing much more fun, because you can turn it into a painting.. or just blend a few colors as desired. Brilliant new artist's tool."
"They're cheap, but mostly rubbish. Like I hate myself for buying these. I'm such a lazy American consumerist. Like was dipping my brush into water too much of a hassle for me?

The plastic fibers don't hold the paint for anything and blow their load in the beginning of the stroke. They really mess up my jive. What I actually use them for is wetting my half-pan watercolors prior to use.

BUY IT: If, you are super lazy and don't care if your watercolor painting is terrible.
DON'T BUY IT: If you have the ability to dip a paintbrush in water."
"i love these, they are so smooth and yet firm so i can control what I'm doing"
Easy to use and a pleasure to paint with
"First time using these and they are wicked fun!!:) they work really well, had a little issues with the tiny bristle one leaking a bit too much water but other than that great!!:)"
"Great brushes, my new favorite art tools"
"I bought these so I could do brush lettering with watercolors. They are very easy to use, and I have loved the final outcome with all the projects I used these on!"
"These are probably great brush pens, but they don't work well for what I bought them for which was for ink/water grisaille on watercolor paper. The ink seems to plug up the flow. They are probably perfect for other uses."
My only complaint is that the barrel of these aren't as easy to squeeze as I'd expect.
"Nice on right paper.  Not mine, but my daughter uses."
"I like to draw with ink (zen tangle style) and shade and color with a variety of media. Bought watercolor pencils recently and started using these brushes with them. The results are great. I'm sure there are watercolor artists who prefer the paint pots with expensive brushes and I do as well. But with watercolor pencils or markers, these are a must! The water in the aquash brush hasn't leaked yet. It wets the brush with just the right amount of water. I've been wiping the brush on a paper towel in between colors and it easily wipes clean. I like to draw when I travel, either at the hotel or on a plane. Definitely a great option for painting away from home or studio. I bought this 3-brush set with small, medium, larger brush and can definitely see an application for all sizes. If you're on the fence, give them a try. I'll bet you'll be surprised."
"These are great, and work well with ink. I'm going to get some more."
"Best I've ever used.  I haven't used many.  These are good quality.  I have not clue how to review these, but I like them."
"They are fun to work with but the the larger one seems to release too much water for my use. If I reorder, I will only get the smaller one for my card making. Then again, maybe it is me and how I use them that is giving off too much water."
These are amazing to work with. The water flows steadily and doesn't blob out. Clean up is a breeze.
"First time using my brush, but after 15 minutes of use, the tip is already dull :(. I can see some bristles on the tip have lowered from the rest. Debating on trimming it or just returning it. Sad"
"I just got them this week and I've used them twice. With the smaller one it drops more water than it should, so you have to be careful to no leak in your paint, you have to squish softly. But aside from that, I love them. I'll change this review in case they lose the nylon hairs or leak more than I've seen."
nice
I got these for my wife for Christmas to use with some watercolor pencils I got her. She loves them. She uses only distilled water and she said they don't leak. Will likely get more in the future or different shapes.
"Great quality , very happy with these water brushes, fantastic service from Amazon, thank you"
just ok
"Absolutely LOVE these brushes. They are so practical and work like a charm. The tips will start to get dirty after a while but if you wash them with soap wash time, they will be clean. If not, it doesn't affect its performance."
the greatest thing to happen to water colors ever
"These are fabulous, they do not leak, they are easy to fill and the variation of the brush sizes are nice to have. Prices were reasonable. I am an art teacher and have recommended these to my students repeatedly."
Fabulous pens. Makes water color really easy. I love these so much because you can just fill em up with water and paint on the go. I wish i'd discovered these earlier.
fantastic except the little stray hairs sometimes fray out and ruin things but overall pretty good product
"These pens are great! I'm dabbling in brush lettering and moving from my markers to these pens was a little bit of an adjustment. I only use the medium and the small, but mostly the small as I am usually making a card for someone. I haven't had any problems with these pens leaking or the tips feathering. So far, so good! I recommend this set as you get to try out all the sizes."
These are amazing! Complete game changer for watercolor painting especially on the go! No leaking issues. I've only used water so far but can't wait to try out ink inside. Would probably be great for kids too!
"I was getting fed up with my current water brush (have to constantly squeeze it), so I wanted to try this out and see if it was any better. In short, it is much better. The brush stays wet longer and it doesn't need a hard squeeze for the water to soak it. It is easy to use and perfect for filling in small spaces and small details with its small brush size. Perfect for my needs!"
"Love them! I am new to watercolor painting, just dabbling really, but these brushes really are great! Easy to fill with water, they don't leak, and it is easy to control the flow!"
Excellent
"These brushes are like angels send from Artist Heaven.
They're everything and perfect.
It comes with three brushes small, medium and wide, the medium can act as a small by the way, all of which have kept their shape (trust me I'm not the gentlest painter) and haven't spilt whatsoever.
The tubes can act as a barrel for ink as well just know it's will stain the brush and the insides as well.
Just a tip, be careful when you squeeze out the water from the tube especially if it's filled completely, you might let out more than you initially wanted."
Love the ease and portability of this brush. When taking it out painting be sure to bring a hanky to wipe excess paint off on and you'll never have to worry about a cup/water for watercolor painting again!
CRAP! it spews out a dot from the wrong place.... These reviews are false.
I love this product! These pens work so well for so many things. I would definitely recommend.
I love  it :)
Gave these as a gift for my sister.  She said she absolutely loves them!
These suck. The water leaks out so it leaves dots everywhere. brushes aren't smooth writing sucks. If they were more expensive I would return.
I shopped around for great brushes and these don't disappoint! My daughter uses them for very detailed watercolor paintings and they do a fabulous job! We love them!
I purchased these brushes to use with watercolor pencils.
The best water brush I've used. I have several others and this is my favorite. I prefer the fine to color in small details.
"Still trying to work with this product, it's hard getting the right pressure on the brush, but I haven't given up on it yet.  Practices makes perfect.  Definitely a learning curve on use"
I've had the pen for a little while and it does not age well. I tried filling it with ink and now it will not flow no matter what I do to clean it. Always kept the cap on when not in use and never let it dry out so not sure what happened. Only got a couple uses before it stopped flowing. I have tried squeezing with both hands and still can't get the water/ink to flow. Very disappointing.
I am not a professional artist and have no formal training-- but for what it's worth- I love these brush pens. Perfect for at home or traveling. I know you can fill them with ink- I haven't done that yet. I have only kept them filled with tap water and used with my Winsor & Newton Cottman Sketchers Pocket Box watercolors. I have had no problems and they work perfectly every time. I have only used them for brush lettering and have been very pleased.
"Love the shtako out of these! So fun! :) I can do brush lettering, and all sorts of good things."
"It was a gift, but is being enjoyed and seems to work well."
"The bristles on this water brush are a little too long for me, which is my only complaint. I'm new to brush lettering, and the extra length gives me some trouble shaping certain letters. For actual watercoloring, the brush does great, though."
Two of my pens leaked ...drip...drip at the black part where it attaches to the clear plastic!  The one that did not leak flowed out way to much water!  I filled mine with a syringe with no needle and that worked well but what a mess using these.  I returned them.
My son who's into calligraphy absolutely LOVES this brush. The water is added in the brush container which sets the brush just enough to dip it in the paint. Say goodbye to having water containers on the side to use with dry paint. This works so well and you won't have to do lots of cleaning like you used to.
"These are pretty decent brushes, but every time I squeezed them I got far more water than I wanted. I ended up giving them to my three year old to use with her watercolors. She likes them, though."
Just as advertised
"I have wanted these pens for so long and they have lived up to my expectations! The water flows smoothly and evenly. The only problem is sometimes the pen leaks a little and makes the painting a little blotchy, but that could just be my set and it only happens every once in a while. I used these to make Christmas presents for my friends and they worked lovely. Definitely would purchase again."
Thank you. Just what my daughter wanted for Christmas
"These are great!  I use them with both traditional water colors and water color pencils. They are convenient and easy to use, easy to control. Especially good for traveling or outdoor sketching.  No more spilled water -- and no more absent mindedly drinking from the water jar.  Very well made."
I love these aqua brushes. This is my second set. Easy to fill and clean.
"What did I ever do without water brushes?!!  Genius idea.  Makes so much sense!  These are perfect for doing watercolor on the move, but I also use them at home.  Now I have three more sizes.  : )"
Excellent set for the beginner.
"Really like the three different size.
Using is for both watercolour and calligraphy.
Saves time from dripping in to the water."
Nice water brush; work as expected
exactly what I wanted
It was given as a gift and the recipient was very happy.
"These are a great price for the product. I was recommended to use these and LOVE them. They are easy to fill with water and the brush works great. I have used them for a week now, we'll see how they last!"
"I haven't used them, but I can picture myself happy that I got them, I hope they are better than nibs."
"Great brushes for crafting with water color markers, ink and pencils."
The pens arrived on time and we're packaged well. I got them for an artsy friend and they loved how well they worked. Very easy to use.
These are fun for brush lettering!!  I am just learning but i like the feel and flow to the brush.
"I got this plasma ball for my husband for Christmas. It's absolutely beautiful and has given us several hours of entertainment, and my husband was very excited by the gift. I highly recommend purchasing the 8"" diameter ball - don't settle for less!

It wasn't shipped with any extra padding, so initially I was a little worried that it may have broken during shipping, but it was in perfect condition. The glass ball is thicker than I expected, and the colors and lights are just as beautiful as the product photo.

This would be a great gift for pretty much anyone, although I recommend keeping it away from pets and young kids."
"These are great. Fine tips, very easy to use, can leak a little if pressed hard but I don't do it that way. I like them for simple paintings nothing to extragavant otherwise I feel like I don't have enough control. Good pens though! Way cheaper than other art stores."
Incredible for the artist on the go. You can also fill them with inks!
My son was very happy to receive these. Shipping was fast
"These are just the best for watercolor pencils, and even just basic watercolor because you don't have to worry about the water dripping on your canvas or paper."
not what I expected but perhaps it's due to operator error
Good product
AMAZING
"i have used these for painting and for brush lettering, and they work GREAT! i have heard other cheep brands have had the water spill and brush hairs come out, but i have had nothing like that happen. all brush hairs are in tact and i am pretty hard on brushes. the brushes do stain the color after use, but they are clean even if the brush is not clear still. easy to fill (it has a line you fill it to) and paint with. water comes out at a very steady rate, and faster if you clean."
"Perfect for draws and calligraphy, is wonderfull for my work!"
the best
Sometimes the water leaks on the side of the cap
Exactly what I needed for my hikes in the wilderness and my watercolor set. They are great and a good price.
"These do a great job most of the time, however they still leak water on and off, so be careful when you are working with them. I have a paper towel and wipe immediately any excess that may leak."
as advertised
Gift for my sis who loves to color and paint and craft.  She's been looking for these excellent water pens.  I have one and it is a great complement to my water color pencils.  Hoping she will love as much as I do.
Love these aquapainters
Not a huge fan of how little water it holds compared to how quickly it runs out.
"Excellent brush to paint watercolors comfortable and very practical, I recommend it."
very good
I haven't tried this out yet but has great reviews.  I don't have a good selection of water brushes in the stores in my town.  This one has an air whole in it which is suppose to stop the back seeping of color into the barrel contaminating the clear water!
"These are great for traveling when I need a brush and water for watercolors. They have very sharp tips and come in three sizes. As they get older, I use them for washes and for students in my classes. I have about 8 of them right now - all in various stages of wear, and they are all useful."
My daughter absolutely loves these things.
The fine point works SO well.
Love these! they make art on the go so much more realistic and are a nice option for controlled water colors!
"I love these water brushes and cannot believe how long I have been a watercolor artist without finding out about these.  I bought them along with the Sakura 24 assorted watercolors field box, which comes with a waterbrush of its own, so I could have several in my travel watercolor brush kit.  These are great.  No more having to make a jar of water that leaks and is cumbersome."
These are the best brush pens ever!!!
"Perfect for kids! My 2 year old loves 'painting' and these help control the mess. I don't think they are targeted towards parents/kids but they work great as there are no open cups of water needed or extra spilling, or getting to much dripping everywhere. I love these!"
"These are exactly what I have been looking for. My daughter loves to watch videos of people doing fun wording, and I have been looking for something so she could try it herself. I can't wait to give this gift to her. The packaging is perfect and the delivery was super fast. I am so glad it came as a set so there are different sizes for her to try and use for different applications."
They work nicely
Once you get the hang of these they are so useful! These water pens are great for blending your watercolor works! I love to use these in my artwork. They are one of my better tools now!
Very nice
Very very good Qulitas and excellent presentation.
Great water brushes!
My favorite water brushes!
Great invention.  Work must as advertised.
"I love these brushes for my hand applique prep work. The smallest tip I  use filled with water. When the glue dries on my applique pieces I  can correct a rough edge or remove blue pen marks.
(Not aa replacement for removing all blue marks.)The larger tip I  use liquid starch. It is less messy than a paint brush and small bowl of starch!"
Can't wait to use them!
My favorite brush pens so far. Releases just the right amount of water.
Love these guys.  I fill em with water for on the go painting!  Fun times to be had!  Be sure to bring some spare bottles of water though because they can run out pretty fast it you plan on using a lot of water in your work.  But I've never had a leak and just keep these in my pouch with my watercolor markers and it is super convenient!  I will definitely be buying more of these as needed!
Great brushes. Very different from what I've used as a traditional brush but love having the water right there all the time.
"I have always loved this set of waterbrushes, but am not thrilled with my recent replacements. I simply could not get control on the water flow, no matter what I attempted."
:)
"These work great, I got them to work on my brush lettering, and they work wonderfully. I only use the large and small ones when I am brush lettering, the medium one is perfect for my daughter (4 years old) to paint with. When I am brush lettering she likes to paint with me, and these make it very easy for her to use the watercolors with me.

The only problem I have is that sometimes they drip, not too much of a problem, as I am practicing, but could be when I am working on something special in the future."
These are handy for traveling but it is hard to control how much water comes out. Sometimes you have a mess.
I bought these brushes hoping to practice my calligraphy skills and be able to make Budo inspired art work for my Etsy shop. This set was perfect and I like the multiple size options.  I can find a use for each of them. All I did was purchase some black ink and dip the pen in. If I want a grey color I just added water.
My favorite brush pens to use with sumi inks and watercolors. Love that these come in different brush sizes.
"I've been into watercolors lately and have been dying to try these brushes. They are FANTASTIC. I filled them with water and used them in my watercolor palette -- all you need is paper, this pen, watercolors, and a paper towel. The brushes are self-cleaning and it's easy to change colors without having to rinse brushes, with no need to deal with dirty water.

There are fun techniques that you'll figure out as you play with these.. you can put dark strokes down and blend them with water on the paper. I'm really excited to own these and I highly recommend them!"
What a great paintbrush!!!
"Absolutely love these. They're easy to use, easy to clean, have a comfortable grip, versatile, and portable. Great for lettering, painting small areas, and detail work."
"Great price for a great little water brush.  It worked really well, no leakage. This size brush seems to be the one I will use for a majority of my coloring books.  Would recommend if you want to try using the inktense pencils in any of the books that have paper that can handle the water."
They leak just above the brush part.  So essentially when you use them water drips where it shouldn't and it's bad.
"Purchased this product from another vendor. Water leaks above the brush. The tip did hold it shape which was nice.  For the price, I wouldn't buy this product again."
"I bought the set of three different sizes.  While I think the smallest is my favorite, they are all absolutely a wonderful tool.  The pointed tips of the brushes are wonderful for fine details and well as you can use them as a regular brush to cover large details and the tips seems to always go back to form.  It is super easy to fill these with water; just unscrew the tip and put them under that faucet, squeezing and releasing helps suck the water in faster. These has a little regulator (I don't know the Aeneas Wiener name) but that doo-hickey (lol) helps to keep the brush from sucking up the paint you are painting with and keeps the water in your pen clean and untainted. It is so nice not to have to get a glass of water to paint with; these you just give a little squeeze and they release a drop of water."
Good pen
"Work great, lots of fun."
Perfect for sketching with travel watercolor set!  Several of my art students saw mine and wanted their own.  Do have to be careful not to pull on bristles or brush could be ruined.
"My girlfriend had been wanting one of these for a while. She is very into calligraphy and painting @pieceofpaperpeaceofmind she loves that she doesn't need to use water separately, she does still use all different kinds of tools but she really enjoys this tool."
Thanks!
It's Okay
Works great with watered down acrylic paint too. Definitely a find.
i love these! perfect for watercolor brush lettering they just take a little bit of practice to get used to but i've been using them like crazy!
Good quality
"Great for watercolor and brush lettering, which is what I bought it for. Love that I don't have to wet the brush tip each time and the different sizes."
Excellent
"I just ordered a set of these and haven't gotten them yet but I have had one of these brushes for awhile now and it was really good, easy to use, and had a great point. However, after awhile of use something happened to it, I didn't take care of it as well as I should have and it became almost impossible to squeeze water out of it. After cleaning it pretty thoroughly it worked a tad better but came to the realization  it wouldn't be the same as it once was anymore so I decided to experiment and put some ink diluted with water in the barrel so I could make gray washes/shadows on ink drawings. It works great! To all those who keep saying they aren't meant for ink, just because something was made for a specific purpose doesn't mean it can't be used for other purposes outside the one it was intentionally made for."
My daughter loves it.  Easy to use. No problems with it
Item came as described in the posting.
These water pens are great! an online class I'm taking had them on the list so I ordered and I'm happy I did. Really handy to take with you when you down want to have a water bucket and easy to use with watercolor pencils in adult coloring books.
So much fun for travelng
so fun!!
works good
Fun to use and very convenient.
good product in good order and in good time
"Generally like these brushes but one leaked right out of the package.  So essentially I spent the money on only two working pens.  I've heard great things about these, but wonder if they're just not that well made?"
I use these on a daily basis - they are so worth the buy!!
"one works great, the other two are very leaky."
Excellent product and service!
Wanted these brushes for a long time already. I finally bought them and I'm in love. I'm trying to paint a little every day (hoping to improve one day) and these brushes help a lot because they make it much easier. I don't have to prepare two glasses of water and think which brush to choose every time I'm in the mood. I can just pick this brush and start painting. (It works for a watercolor coloring book too!)
"This is a great value. These brushes give you the ability to paint anytime, anywhere; they are convenient and fun. They take some time getting used to but work well. I love the nylon bristles - the larger brush crimped a little but might have been user error. Otherwise they are holding up ok."
Work awesome!
Really good for ink washes and pure black ink for an ink brush. I lost my pentel pocket brush and filled one of these up as a temporary replacement. Now I'm never going back.
Awesome water brushes
"The good news is they didn't leak. The bad news is they keep drying up while you're using them. Its not just frustrating, it actually affects my artwork, because I use inktense pencils, and the slightly damp brush locks the color on that spot, when I wanted a more diluted look."
"I have several types of pentel brush pens that contain black ink all of which i adore, so when i saw these water brushes i decided to give them a try in hopes that they would perform that great as well; and i have not been disappointed. This set comes with three round brushes which are all different sizes; a small, a medium, and a large. These will not leak water when being transported (i keep mine full in a pencil case with other supplies and haven't had issues) and have flat-shaped barrels to keep them from rolling around a work surface. These are mainly filled with water for use with any water based art media (watercolor, ink, gouache) but they can also be filled with inks or ink washes (small amount of ink with water) if you would like to use them to add color that way. Overall, these are a solid set of water brushes from a reputable company and i would recommend them if you are interested."
Love these pens for cake decorating - used to apply small amounts of water to help things stick together.
Love these! I can use them with airbrush color to paint on cookies! Perfect.
"Still getting the hang of these pens, but love them! This is the best price (event with craft store coupons) and haven't had any quality issues. The sizes are a good variety, and I have been using them mostly for handwriting and basic drawings."
I just started using it and I already love it. I am glad it comes in 3 sizes. It is great with watercolor. I love to use it for painting and calligraphy. After using it for a while you get comfortable with how much pressure to apply for water to come out with ease. It is awesome!
enjoy the aqua painters.
These water brushes are so great. I was nervous to try water brushes again but these helped ease that anxiety. I had more control over the waterflow than with some less expensive brushes I had tried before. And the convenience of a water brush vs. dry brush is so nice for travel. I don't use them in place of my dry brushes but they are still a nice alternative.
Super travel art brush for water color.
"Tried a different, cheaper brand from a local craft store that came in a 3-pack - bristles fell out with every squeeze and the caps wouldn't stay on! Immediately tossed them and ordered this one! HUGE difference! Bristles stay intact and water flow is pretty easily controlled. Cap is tight, so no leakage. My only gripe would be that the clear/white bristles become quickly stained with paint, but it's not that big of a deal. A great brush to have when watercolor sketching on-the-go or outside. Eliminates the need for a water cup, so long as you're sketching for a short amount a time. Flattened body shape keeps the brush from rolling around or rolling off the table."
I love my new water brushes!  I use them in my watercolor travel kit. They work great!  Easy to fill. With caps that keep them closed and with no leaking. The tips keep their shape and clean easily between colors.  A slight squeeze and they dispense more water.  I filled my pens 3 days ago and they still have plenty of water. I paint daily.
"Very useful brushes. Actually you don't even have to buy 3 different sizes as they all have very pointy tips so you can make fine lines with any size. They are different from classic watercolor brushes for sure, in some cases they will be better, and in some cases they can be worse. That's about whether you like using aquash or not. For choosing the right aquash, these are definitely good. I'm happy with my purchase."
"An amazing answer to water on the go!  I can paint and not worry about where to find water, and the brush self cleans by brushing it onto the sock I wear on my wrist."
like
Exactly what it offers
Just what I was looking for and cost was less for three than two at other places I researched.
"Very nice, simple tool. It doesn't leak too much, it is easy to use, and you can use it with a wide variety of medias. Watercolor pencils, watercolors and ink all take well, although the ink might give you grief trying to get it out of the brush. Overall, very good product!"
Great for use with watercolour pencils
"Terrific for my watercolors....on the go or all around the house, and back to my studio.  When replacing the cap, take notice of the bristles and shape them such that some do not get caught between the pen and cap.  Other than that.....Definitely recommend.

Beth Hayden, Art Studio 990"
"As another reviewer said, they leak, the brushes are not of good quality.  Disappointed in Pentel."
"Bought this so I could try them all, the smallest is my favorite!"
Love these
"I've been seeing these brushes in the hands of watercolorists everywhere, so naturally I wanted to see what I was missing. Unfortunately, I noticed some flaws that are difficult to avoid in a good watercolor painting.
These water brushes are relatively inexpensive, but you get what you pay for. After sketching and practicing with them for a month, I noted some pros and cons of these brushes.

Pros:
- Great for travel. Watercolor on the bus? Well, don't mind if I do.
- Fairly easy cleanup. No spills, no paint splatter.
- Inexpensive!

Cons:
- Too much water in each brush stroke. Great if you want to achieve a hard ring around your shapes, but not so great for gradients, washes.. basically anything you want to look smooth.
- Bristles are weak and prone to crimping. You don't have to worry about accidentally leaving them in a water cup, but after a month of use, two of the three brushes have significant damage, and I'm very careful with my materials.
- Brush runs of of water relatively quickly. 9x12 painting? Expect at least three fill-ups.

Overall, these brushes are far from the worst I've seem, but in my opinion, their novelty only briefly masks their poor design. I will not be purchasing again in the future."
"I like strong colors, so I don't water down my water colors much. Even so, this is my favorite brush because the bristles are so easier to control than regular brushes. I'm not sure I will ever want another brush."
"These are awesome water brushes!  The only one that I think lets too much water out easily is the biggest one. But the other two are great. It does take some getting used to with the water control but they work very well and have not leaked once, it's been two weeks.  So they travel easy."
"These are so handy and the brushes work well for me. I use them with water soluble colored Pencil, watercolor and water soluble graphite."
"These Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush pens are so useful when I travel. I carry a small art bag and sketchbook with me when I go places. I really enjoy carrying these along, because I can actually paint anywhere I want. I have painted outside in fields, at cafes, on my couch, in the car, on trains, and all over Europe when I backpacked. They were wonderful, never fell apart, and the water was easy to control. I really enjoy the aspect of the pen holding the water, because it eliminates the need to clean up cups of water, paper towels, and the other messes that traditional paint brushes leave behind. It is particularly excellent for blending gouache paint. Gouache is hard to blend, but the water flow in these pens is so consistent, that I almost always get an even gradient when blending with gouache paints. The only thing I would change about these water brushes is that the largest brush bristles always get pulled down by the cap. You have to very carefully place the lid on the large one, otherwise the bristles always get messed up. Other than that, this product is excellent. I fully intend to purchase more in the future. The handle is comfortable, and everything about these brushes feels so intuitive while working on my art projects. I would definitely recommend these to a friend. In fact, I have recommended them to a lot of people so far. The brush bristles do eventually become stained by darker paint colors, but that is inevitable with any paint brush after prolonged use. The price is remarkably affordable for the quality this product offers. I feel like I do more artwork when I am on-the-go than I ever have before I had these brushes. I am so thankful I jumped out of my comfort zone and decided to purchase these products. Pentel always delivers excellent quality, and once again, they did not disappoint! Five stars from a very happy customer!"
I introduced to my art classes and is loved by all.
With three different brush heads these are great for certain applications.  They are not the right brush for doing a background wash.
Love these brushes.  So easy to fill and the perfect thing for my travel kit.  Excellent product for the price.
"these work well, provide constant flow without having to squeeze, tips stay nice and pointy.  I like the 3 sizes offered in this pack"
"these are great. get them. the portability is such a relief after porting around a little pan of water colors and half a dozen loose brushes.
No leaks, sometimes the water comes out too fast but you would most likely have a towel nearby.
If you don't know you can either fill it with a color (I advise against that. you might clog it and you lose control over color control) or just fill them with water and pop a couple of cotmann's in a sandwich bag and off you go.
brushes clean well between colors, just squeeze and wipe on the towel.
they are great"
"Love the pens & easy to use. Wish the shape is circular, more comfortable to hold."
Good set of Water Brushes with three different brush tips. Good price and good quality.
Very handy brushes.  Easy to use on the road when you might not have water available.
Lovely
Love these water brushes!  They work great with water color pencil drawings and allow you to go anywhere neatly.  I use regular tap water with them and a little soap when done.  The brushes retain some color to the synthetic bristle but do not transfer any of it.
"Wonderful brushes, great quality, just how I hoped!"
"I LOVE these brushes! Total newbie at watercoloring and these things work wonderfully. Super easy to learn and progress with, and I love that they come in 3 different sizes so depending on what I'm working on I can decide how big I want my brush to be. Clean super easy and the tips have not worn out on me at all yet!!"
"I really liked this item, they have pretty soft brush and they aren't in bad quality"
Shipping was quick and the product is great for watercoloring on the go.
"Excellent for on the go! Buy a little palette and a small sketchbook, so you can do art, anywhere."
"I love these!! I'd  put off ordering for quite some time and sad I waited so long. My kids want to use then and I'm holding out...maybe Santa will bring them heir own set 
They blend well, the tips are very defined which I was looking for. Water does not leak so far."
"amazing fun. I use it to fill with water, and dip into water color."
"These brushes arrived as expected. They are great little brushes and I'm having a great time with them. So easy to use and I love that when you squeeze them to wet the brush, that the water doesn't burst out, as I worried it might. They are perfect and I've been carrying them around in my purse with my little Koi paint set, which I also am enjoying. I recommend the brushes and they are a great deal for the price, as I saw some either the same brand or similar priced at $5-10 (depending on brand) for just one brush!!"
Love these water brushes.  Use them with both watercolor pencils and tube watercolor.  Great addition to my art kit.  Would definitely purchase these again.
I love these brush pens! I got another brand because they had larger sizes but none of those work as well as these pentel ones.
I really like these water brushes they are so easy to use.
"useless, won't screw together so you can use it"
I use these water brushes with my Akashiya Sai Pens and they work great together. The bristles separate after a few uses but all you have to do is twist the wet bristles a little bit to make the tips sharp again. I like that the tail of the brush has a place where you can put the marker's cap so you don't lose it.
"I bought these after they were recommended by a friend of mine who is taking a watercolor class . I had never considered a water pan before even though I've been doing ink. and watercolors for a while . They are easy to use, easy to hold, and they have a very short learning curve before you figure out how to use them without washing out your paper."
These are excellent art tools. Especially nice--they don't leak! Carry a brush everywhere. Can't beat it.
A handy tool for watercolors. You can control the water flow buy filling up the container or dipping the brush into a glass of water.
"Easy to use, with it's own water retainer and doesn't spill from the side like other brands.
Great brushes. No complaints."
"They work well, and do not leak. I am satisfied."
First time user! I love these. So far I have only used these for watercolor.
ok
It's very easy to use combined with my Kuretake watercolor pan. good supplement to a normal brush.
I received all the same size. Small
"I love these portable, travel-sized, water brushes that are easy to use and filled with water, so one can paint on the go! The various sizes allow for fine detailed lines as well as washes on a postcard.
My only concern initially, being new to watercolors, was how quickly the brushes became stained, but as long as you wipe it on your paper towel until the water runs clear, they are okay to be used without color cross contamination! The tips even hold their shape after repeated uses. I have even used them at home instead of my brushes! ;-)"
"Makes watercoloring less messy, especially for kids. So much fun to doodle & draw with watercolor pencils. I can watercolor watching TV without having to make separate water bowls."
"These are okay. I mostly use it as a regular brush now because whenever I try to use these as intended, there is just too much water that get released no matter how lightly I do it. It's come to the point where I have a napkin nearby. I wouldn't purchase it again but these are nice for beginners like myself."
leaks.  Kuretake is better.
Good buy
Perfect little brush set. Just add water and you're good to go!
Simple waterbrush. I filled mine with acrylic ink and it works great. I needed a sturdy brush that i could use for outlining and this does the trick.
Works really well for hand lettering.
"Using this with my watercolor pencils. It is working well. The brush size is nice, not to big or small for my needs.
Doesn't put out a ton of water unless you squeeze which I like, gives you good control"
"I definitely prefer these to having to change my paint water multiple times when I use watercolors. Takes some getting use to ( I kept squeezing too much water out), but overall I greatly enjoy using these."
I am new to watercoloring and these brushes are so much fun. I keep water in them in my kit so I can grab and go. I filled one with ink to use for outlining. The fine point is my favorite.
"I bought these in a store to use with my Faber Castell Graphite Aquarelle pencils and they were amazing.  My very first portrait came out wonderful; it was such a breeze that these are a big game changer to my art. I'm so glad these were invented -- keeps the area clean, no water spills, just like using a pencil.  Included is my very first painting with these."
"This set comes in handy ALL THE TIME! They are perfect for when you're on the go. Since they each contain their own water reservoir, you don't have to carry water around with you (to clean the tips, just squeeze out a little water and blot it on a paper towel or rag). I also love using these with water-soluble media (specifically the Derwent Inktense blocks and pencils, which go on dry and are then activated with water) and with the Winsor Newton watercolor markers. They get a ton of use!"
"very good! exactly what I wanted, timley shipping!"
Have been looking for these in local craft stores and hasn't been able to find them anywhere...leave it to Amazon to come through again.  I fill these with plain water and use the variety of tips for blending my colored pencil water colors.  They work beautifully!  Just remember not to squeeze the pens too hard...water will saturate your work...a little goes a long way!  Love these!!
"I love these pens! They are so easy to use and carry. They also do not leak. If you want a brush to use with watercolor pencils, you will not be disappointed."
"These are pretty standard, I use them for alcohol ink painting, and they work well enough for my needs. Sometimes getting them to load up the ink is a bit of a pain, but since these aren't designed specifically for alcohol inks that's to be expected."
love it.
love them work great for me
"Super easy to use, would def. recommend"
"Overall, great for beginners or for your on-the-go art supply bag.
Recommend traditional brush-and-water method for professional pieces.

Pros:
- Convenient and portable! That's the biggest plus of these brushes. With only these three brushes, you can make varied lines of any opacity without carrying around your brushes and double water cups.
- Brush holds shape very well and can deliver detailed lines with practice
- Awesome travel tip: Can fill barrel with water to use with your standard watercolor set, or with a pre mixed diluted watercolor or ink solution for even quicker and less bulky travel work

Cons:
- More difficult to achieve desired opacity, learning curve to produce same quality as standard watercolor method
- Barrel sometimes leaks onto page during use, leading to uneven coverage (but has  never leaked in my supply bag!)"
"Awesome, awesome, awesome."
i love it!
Gave as a gift and work great !!
"I was really surprised at how much I like these, they are my travel brushes now, they stay in my purse, they don't leak and they are very responsive, thanks for whoever thought these up."
I got these for my water color pencils.  So far they've been water tight and I haven't noticed and overflow when working with them.  Nice little brushes.
Nice !
These work great!
"Perfect for use with water color pencils. 3 different brush tips to allow for the perfect blend of colors. Different cap colors to easily identify which brush to pick up. Easy to clean and dry. Brush tip does not hold previously used color and if any color is left in the bristles, a quick squeeze of the brush clears away the extra color."
"Very nice water brush, the brush part does get stained from the water colors, but as long as you wash out the residue paint all the way it works perfectly."
The water leaks out to much on two of the brushes.
"It was hard to get used to these water brushes at first, but after using them more and more, they're perfect for watercolour sketches on the go and it motivates you to paint more because of the convenience. Great product!"
love love love. 3 different sizes which is perfect! so fun to play with and so many different ways to use them. also tutorials freaking every where if you want to do something you don't know how to.
I love these when Im using my water color pencils. They are perfect! The three brush variants are exactly diverse enough to paint with different weighted strokes. They never leak. An absolute must for anyone who enjoys water color but can't stand the mess!
leaked
This brush makes it easier for me to sit down for a few minutes and watercolor whenever I feel like it. After filling the pen I can easily get 3-4 paintings out of it. To change colors I brush a paper towel until it's clear and in a few seconds I'm ready for something new. It's comfortable to hold and I can create very thin to thick lines without issue. The quality and price make it easy to rate this product five stars.
Amazing paint brushes!!!
This is my first time using such brushes. Bought for use with watercolor pencils. They offer a great amount of control and are so easy to use! All three sizes are perfect.
These have been SO fun to use. I haven't had any issues with leaking. Writing with them takes some practice but is accomplishable! Will totally buy this brand again!
"I just got these and i love them so much c: ive been wanting then for months since i see so many instagram artists using them,  and now that i have them i can see why they're so popular.  They might replace my brushes all together when i use watercolor.  13 bucks well spent."
"I like these brushes a lot. They are very useful for on the go work, or if bringing water along is too messy. I filled my smallest one with ink to use as a liner, and it works very well dispite being messy around the cap. Filling these is easy, you can just put them under a facet. The downfalls are that using dry techniques is neigh impossible (such as drying the brush and wiping away paint) and they are not large enough for most washes. The larger washes I have tried turned out scrubby and s***ty looking."
"These have been a dream. They make brush lettering with water colors a total breeze. I imagine they won't last forever, but for the price point I am certain I will keep replacing them."
"Perhaps it's just me, but these brushes tend to release too much water!  Believe me, I did squeeze the tube after filling them with water to get them started but after that I had to quit using them on my smaller projects.  Way too much water was released!  So I'm back to just using my regular paint brushes."
I watched people use these on YouTube and so I had to have them.  They work even better than what I saw.  They are easy to handle and control the water. Can be used so many different ways!  Love them.
"I had one of these brushes, didn't even realize they came in different sizes!  I use them for watercoloring, and having the multiple brushes makes it easier to switch colors or use the appropriate size."
"It took some practice not to get too much water, but once I figured it out I really like using these opposed to a regular paint brush."
I absolutely love using these water brushes! Even my 2 year old can use them its great!
"These are for applying water to watercolor artwork. They are clear hollow plastic bulbs you fill with water. The brush tips come in three sizes, small, medium, and large. Tilt the end up and gravity feeds the water to the brush. If you want to apply more water, squeeze the pliable bulb and it will increase the flow. The nylon brushes clean easily, and the bulbs can be filled with ink if you want."
a wonderful way to enjoy watercolor painting without the mess.  very portable.
Great selection of sizes.
These are totally amazing!!! Such a great price and perfect for all artistic abilities. They work with great ease and have little to no learning curve. I've used several brands of waterbrush and these remain my favorite by far. The bristles hold up well without weathering too much like others have for me. Well highly recommend!
These water pens have made painting with watercolors so much easier! No need to dip the brush over and over in water after each use! I will definitely be buying more of these!
Have used these for a couple of years now.... they are more controllable that other water brushes I've tried .... Raggy
"Very good portable brushes, larger capacity reservoir than others that I have, but the water flow is a little less robust .  Not a bad tradeoff, and a better price by far."
"These are great for watercolor sketching.  I first learned about them through watching a positive review with the gifted artist Steve Mitchell on his excellent YouTube channel called, ""The Mind of Watercolor.""  He rates them very highly.  Now I can see why.  Great company. Great service.  Thanks."
Great price and are exactly as expected. They've worked well.
"Water leaks, too much water comes out."
"Easy to use, perfect for travel or on the go art. Probably my favorite art tools."
work great for watercolors and hand lettering. Good quality brushes.
I'm not sure why these have so many good reviews. They hold only so much water and you have to clean your brush otherwise all pigment will stay on the tip.
Works just as well as the fancy japanese water brushes.
these brushes are amazing. I scoured the internet trying to find the perfect water brushes and these are amazing even though there isn't a chisel tip you can get the chisel tip effect with the given brushes the water regulation is great not too wet unless you want it to be you can easily dry brush with it even works without any kind of warping in my happy planner if I use light water
"I bought this after seeing numerous of artists on Instagram use these for their art and had to get these for myself. I use them for brush calligraphy and to fill in doodles. They fit nicely in my hand and they're comfortable to use. I love how the water barrel doesn't leak and the flow of water doesn't hinder my progress. These brushes are light, durable and compact to carry around in a bag. They don't take up much space and barely add any weight. Not to mention, the barrels don't leak which is an added bonus during travel. I highly recommend for those who are starting out! They're affordable and easy to use!"
These Pentel Water Brushes are wonderful. I have had a set of these for quite a long time and use them with my regular watercolor set as well as with watercolor pencils. I love these so much that I bought a set for my mom to use.
"Needing to send a greeting card and can't find one that says what I want.  I rubberstamp an appropriate design from my collection, use watercolor pencils and blend with this water brush.  Perfect to have on hand."
Loving this brush! It's making lettering a whole lot easier! Only downside is they are hard to dry out...
"These are amazing! They make it really easy to paint without making a mess or to take your watercolors on the go. You can also put ink in them and use them as pens which is great. I was worried that the bristles might become blunt or soft with use, but I have used them quite a bit and they are still as pointy as ever. The 3 sizes are also perfect. None of them are too thick which I love. They are also very easy to clean. just wipe them on a towel while pushing a little of the water through"
These were a gift for my niece. She loves them and uses all the time. Great product.
"They lasted about three months, I didn't expect them to be so disposable"
I love these pens. It's so easy to watercolor anywhere as long as you have a paper towel to wipe your colors off.
"Easy to use, water does not spill out and color is not sucked back into the tube."
"These are awesome! Love the flat edge so nothing rolls away. These just make watercolors, especially on the go, so totally easy!!! Change color SO easily by squeezing out some water while wiping on a rag, then on to the next! So compact and easy I can have them anywhere I go and haven't ever had any leakage which is awesome!"
"I love this brush tip!  It is just the perfect size for getting into the smaller areas!  All I had before was the Medium and Large Aquabrushes.  LOVE, LOVE LOVE THIS ONE!"
These are a gift from god lol! I love water color and these help from my cat drink paint water 
Great product and quick shipping. Although they were packaged individually instead of as a set which was not an issue for me i am thoroughly enjoying these great brushes.
"These are okay, but don't overfill them with water - sometimes they leak too much onto the paper"
"im in love with this water brush!

I am trying to teach myself brush lettering/faux calligraphy and a lot of users on Instagram that I follow use this water brush. excellent value for my inexperienced hand. user friendly. and the brush tip doesn't fray! easy to clean as well. love it."
"I love that it comes with different tip sizes. I've used it by filling the barrel with water and dipping into watercolor pads, but I'm planning to try filling the barrel with watercolor soon too!"
Great set!
Love these! They don't flood your work with too much water as some water brushes do.
It works and blends colors really good barely a clean up for this. I'm just heavy handed so i still need some practice using this for calligraphy. But so far i love it!
Perfect set!
Perfectly what I wanted. They work well with the water color my girlfriend uses.
"I am disappointed with these water brush pens after reading so many of the reviews.  The water control with these pens is terrible, just too much water pouring out all the time and unless you are constantly wiping off the tip you just get blobs of water on your project.  I really thought these were going to be the best, but my experience is they are not.  I do like the tips on the brushes and probably will use them just as a brush - no water in the barrel, which defeats the purpose of the product for me.  Too bad."
"Great quality and performance, seems like they will last a long time"
These work great. I recommend them
"Exactly as Described, good quality, fast shipping, Thanks."
ok
"I am enjoying these water brushes, and they do make it much more convenient, especially working with larger areas/washes.  I wish it was a little easier to tell which brush size is which without uncapping them however.  Additionally, sometimes when you squeeze the pen to dispense some water, some will leak out where the tip is attached to the reservoir.  Nothing too drastic, but just something I noticed.  Overall, nice quality though."
works great easy to use
"They're okay; a lot more water drips out of the paint brush tip than expected, so that isn't very great for detail work."
"Bought these to see what the fuss was about. I've used watercolors for about 3 years now and I can honestly say you're better off sticking with a brush and a cup of water. Water leaks through black piece directly above bristles- which makes it impossible to use.
Just don't waste your money. This is just one of those products that people buy because it's popular, it isn't actually good"
They drip and I can't understand how they are a best seller.  I use them but they do leak
Great for painting on the go/outdoors. Just so easy to take along and very easy to clean.  More are in my future
Good
A great addition to your watercolor or ink brush collection. I primarily use them in conjunction with watercolor pencils and crayons . Nice having the three different sizes with one purchase. Wonderful to toss in your watercolor kit to go!
"Great for quick painting, activating watercolor pencil or water soluble inks or washes.  Easily cleaned and stored.  No leaking !!!!"
"The Pentel Art Aquash Water Brushes are amazing. They hold a good amount of water, have easy control over the flow of water, and do not leak. The multiple sizes of nibs in the package are great and range from broad to fine which allows for great detail work or background flooding. Great product for the price!"
These are GREAT pens. I use them for bible journaling and they are awesome. I never use regular brushes now that I have these for my watercolor.
"I am attemting to do some lettering with watercolors. Where my brushes failed, these pens succeeded."
"Excellent brushes! I love to use these when I go places, like to a friends house or hiking, they make it so easy to watercolor outside."
good for watercoloring
Thank you
Great price for this set of three pens. Arrived just a couple days after ordering.
Super for outdoor sketching along with water based crayons and pencils.
works well
"it's perfect for travel painting, my only complaint is that one of the brush tips unraveled a bit. I was able to trim off the unraveled parts without a problem though and it still works great!"
I wish these were around 45 years ago.
"They work wonderfully with my watercolors, super satisfied with my purchase! c:"
Works better then I expected.  My daughter absolutely loves them.
These are so much fun to use!
Love these!
"Takes some time to get use to in order to control water flow but overall super convenient.
The tip seems to be getting dull though but we'll see how it holds up. I also like using them as normal brushes without filling water in them."
Very good quality.
"I use these with watercolor pencils when sketching outdoors. Water brushes take a little getting used to, but they make painting on the go a lot easier.  I primarily use them for studies and sketches and use traditional watercolors when I get home.  For traveling on a plane, these are great as they are easy to carry on.  You won't get the same effect as good brushes, but they have their place and I do like them."
These are AWESOME.
"Super simple concept and they absolutely make water coloring easy, clean and easy. The pens look a little cheap when first get them but don't be alarmed once you start to use them you will love them."
Bought these for when I was working outdoors... but find I use them inside as much - They are excellent for lifting watercolor....
great water color brushes
"These brushes work perfectly. The bristles on the brush are very sturdy and do not seperate. These brushes are the amazing alternative to carrying around watercolor brushes and water. Also, they are REALLY easy to use as well as clean. I would say they only have pros! Definitely recommend!"
"Love these brushes, having three sizes to work with is a plus."
"I do hand lettering and calligraphy for events, and I am thrilled with these brushes. I use them for most of my services. I fill with black acrylic ink and they work perfectly. Just did almost 200 save the date envelopes without needing to refill the barrel. So smooth and pretty! Highly recommend :)"
"Item came a couple days earlier than I expected, and was just as advertised! Thank you!!"
New to using these water brush.  Great concept!
"Maybe it's just me and not this set but I can't get them apart now to refil them. Filled them once and screwed them back together and now they're stuck. I have others, different brand, that I have no problem with. if you use these just don't screw the lids too tight. that's probably what I did."
My favorite brushes! No frizzy bristles.
"Three sizes....work well. I've used this product in the past and will definitely order more as needed. Anyone that I've ever heard of that didn't like them was just squeezing them too much and causing too much water to come out. You BARELY have to squeeze and not often. Be advised that unless you are wanting to cover larger areas, you probably only need the small as opposed to the multi-size pack. This is the first time I have ordered the different sizes and will just order the smallest from now on."
"Once again, I wish I had just gone for the name brand instead of trying a knock-off brand first.  I first bought a cheap knock-off brand of water brushes and they were just horrible.  I then went back and bought the Pentel set and what a difference it made.

This set of brushes are much better quality than my knock-off set.  The brushes are easy to use and the flow of the water is perfect.  They are very easy to clean and put away.  The bristles on the brush make great lines on my paper.

My one and only complaint is I wish they had a little carry case that came with them.  But other than that, I think these are a great addition to any art set!"
"Extraordinary brush set! I am just starting out with watercolors, and these are fabulous brushes. They hold a tip quite nicely, even after vigorous washing and painting. The brushes seem to be made with a quality synthetic material. Oddly, when my brushes first arrived, they came clear but with an oily feel to the brushes. Perhaps this was to help the brushes keep their tips. Anyways, I find that I am able to get a nice variety of strokes by only using these three brushes. The smallest brush has a very fine tip and allows me to paint fine details. In terms of standard brush sizes, the small is about a size 1 round; the medium, a 4 round; and the large, about an 8 round. In general, these brushes are quite easy to use and clean. To transition between colors, I just squeeze out some water from the water tank and swish the brush tip on a napkin until the tip turns clear and no traces of the previous color are left (this takes hardly any time at all, maybe a few seconds). However, I wish I could deduct half a star for the water control. I find that it is sometimes difficult to control the opacity created with these brushes as the water comes out in fluctuating amounts. Thus, I find it difficult to get an even wash with these brushes, even the large brush (although, it's usually quite hard to achieve an even wash even with a quality synthetic or sable size 8 round). However, you can keep the water pressure under control most of the time with sufficient practice and by lightly gripping the brush. Lastly, I noticed that the tips can get stained from certain pigmented colors, such as Viridian Hue from W&N. However, this didn't prove to have any affects on colors used afterwards. Also, I noticed that if you squish the water tank too hard, water will leak from the ferrule.

In conclusion, these brushes are quite nice and convenient for traveling. I would highly recommend them to beginning artists or lazy artists who don't want to wash their brushes properly :). However, I find the variating opacity too inconsistent for professional work.

I hope you find my review useful! I've also attached some photos for size comparison to a standard pencil and my first 2 paintings with these brushes.

-Kelly (a person who actually bought these brushes at full price)"
TERRIBLE - I actually bought a second set of these pens because I thought the first set were bad. You have to squeeze them for HOURS before you get any liquid out. Once they're established it's a little easier and they write nicely but it's absolutely impossible to start them. Will NOT be buying these again.
Excellent!! Fast shipping!!
"Got a 3 pack of these and I've been obsessed. Primarily I was using them filled with water for watercoloring. I am an avid user of fountain pens, and remembered the description for these brushes mentioned they were also good for use with ink washes. I mixed my own inky concoction with 3 inks I have a surplus of, with a bit of water, and it's my favorite thing to do quick shading with when I am doing rough sketching or just want to block out shadows quickly.

They hold their point miraculously well and though I do own some water brushes with longer barrels, I appreciate that these are a bit more portable. I tend to use the small and medium sizes most frequently but I work on A5 size paper which is on the small side.

Out of all the brands of water brushes I have at my disposal, these are the ones I reach for the most."
"I've used some generic water brushes before, but this is quite superior in quality. The bristles are high-quality and seem like they will hold their shape for years to come. I used this for water color hand lettering, and it does a great job with thick and thins."
Like
"This does what it says. I thought it might have broader applications to put burnishes or other coatings out, but you're looking at water color or inks. It's high quality."
It was a present for my daughter and she loves them.  Brilliant effects.
"These brushes will flood your work if you're not careful. Even after blotting on a towel, the brush is wet in no time. It seems that water drips into the brush whether you apply pressure to the barrel or not. I still really enjoy these brushes, and they even work great when used dry (no water in the barrel)."
Bristles lose shape and get hard after several uses.
"I usually really like ape tell products and this was no exception. Like the Pentel Fude Brush pen, the design was perfect for making fluid prices and gave me a lot of control that watercolor artists usually don't get. The handle doesn't really store much water so it only really works for smaller pieces or details on larger ones. Overall, would recommend!"
I like the three sizes.  So portable for a camping trip.
A+
"i love this type of brushes, because I do not have to be constantly wetting my brushes and over wetting them.  When painting with water color is very easy to over load your brush with water and the colors will not come out like you want it.  These brushes help you control the amount of water needed to paint.  I recommend this item to anyone."
Really true to what was promised :)!
It's good .. compared to my Sakura brush they are start to be fizzy and it become harder to detail with .. but they are do their work
Love these. Easy to use.
"They are handy for watercoloring small cards and for field trips. Brushes could be a bit larger. For the hobbyist they are definitely easy to use and a good price. Easy to fill and, so far, none have leaked. I bought my first one about twenty years ago.  I am now working on owning two dozen. Try putting a bit of ink refill with alcohol in the barrel and gently splatter on your cardstock or canvas. They are kid friendly."
"They leak.  They won't screw on.  I was able to use one, one time and that's it.  Some are still working, but I don't recommend it for anyone who's serious about their art products."
"My daughter is the one using these, but she says they work amazingly!  She loves to watercolor. She says it does take a bit to get the hang of, she's 12 also. She says it makes it a lot easier to spread the watercolor around and blend the colors together. She gives them two thumbs up!!"
I recommend it works with all system and thank you so much.
"I also have the Derwent water brushes, and I wanted to see how these compared. I've abused the tips of my Derwent brushes and need new ones.

These brushes' water flow is way too fast/heavy. Not happy. The Derwent brushes you need to squeeze them for a watery application, and otherwise to not flow as heavy as these Pentel water brushes."
"I use this with water coloring, very fun. You can also fill with ink and write that way as well."
great brush for small detail
"These came highly recommended to me but if you are used to working with real water color brushes you might find these to be really disappointing, at least I did.  I found the brush tip to be too stiff.  I like the ones made by Kuretake from Japan much much better.  The tip is a little softer and I feel that it does a better job spreading around the watercolor.  It is nice that this set comes with 3 brush sizes but overall, I wasn't happy with the quality.  If you are looking for a water brush I highly recommend the Kuretake Waterbrush Pen (you can buy them here on Amazon).  It might just be personal preference, I imagine others might like these better.  I was just surprised at how much I didn't like them after reading all the great reviews for them."
Son geniales :3
These are well made and the brush tips are wonderful.
just what i needed
"This was a Birthday gift. I bought this, based on other reviews. Pretty practical looking."
"I bought these initially for brush lettering after seeing some youtube videos, and I really fell in love! These are the funnest and easiest water brushes to use, perfect for watercoloring and brush lettering. The set comes in 3 sizes: large, medium, and small. I use the medium for brush lettering.

To use:

Watercolor: Fill the tube with water and you can start! These work great with dry watercolor cakes. I bought a $10 24-color set from Hobby Lobby. with a gentle squeeze and a little mixing with the brush you can activate the paint to your desired consistency. When changing color or after you are done using, blot the brush on some paper towel while squeezing to wash the tips. The brushes will look stained after a couple uses but they will be clean and ready for future use.

Ink: You can also fill the tube directly with black ink.

To create gradient brush lettering: Fully saturate the brush with your first color, then dab on your second color on the tip and start writing.

Go and have some fun with these brush pens!"
My sister loves these rhings...
"These&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Pentel-Arts-Aquash-Water-Brush-Assorted-Tips-Pack-of-3-FRHBFMBP3/dp/B00AX31TZO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3 (FRHBFMBP3)</a>&nbsp;make playing with water color pencils so easy!  I recently discovered coloring books for adults.  I enjoy using good colored pencils, but having a way to add a little more shading or wash with water color pencils or gelly ink pens makes the coloring even more fun, while still keeping coloring in a coloring book very portable, mess-free, and relaxing."
"I admit to only having tried the Pentel version of waterbrush at this point but my experience has been mostly trouble-free. The one minor flaw I've noticed is that the smallest brush recently began to expel water too quickly. Otherwise, I've been quite happy. I strongly recommend that you use some type of waterbrush if you use WC pencil or crayon."
"I bought these for my 10 year old son as a birthday present, he had asked for art supplies, and after some research I got him this and a nice quality set of watercolors. He has been loving them, they are easy for a beginner to use, and it's nice to have the variety of sizes. It was almost the same price to get this pack of three here as a single one of these was at the art supply store I bought his paints at, so definitely a good deal."
"So far these are working well, I just have to be careful not to flood the brush with water.  I use these with Inktense pencils in adult coloring books"
"I love these! So convenient for travel. The brushstrokes show up a little bit differently than regular paintbrushes, but I think it's just trying to get to know how it works-- just like with every brush."
"I am in love. I have been obsessed in trying to put together a set of supplies for travel. I needed to have something like this. I am glad that I went with Pentel's brushes.

They hold a considerable amount of water and it lasts quite a lot of time, which I was first worried about.

There are three different sizes and the brushes are made of some kind of synthetic material.

Something to keep in mind is that as soon as I started to paint, the bristles itself became stained with the greens, blues, and mostly, the reds that I used as pictured.

In all, keeping the price in mind, and how well they function. I have had no leaks at all. And I am pleased to add these to my set for watercolor travel painting."
"I love these so much. They make water coloring backgrounds so easy, and I also use these for calligraphy with the small and medium tips. Squeezing the barrel releases more water, keeping it inside the brush without the ink or pigment going into the water reservoir. They do require a bit of practice at first, especially if you are new and inexperienced to using brush tips like I am, but you will quickly fall in love with them. The tips do get stained easily if you are using darker colors, but it doesn't transfer. Highly recommend!"
"These are great water brush pens! I do use them to put isopropyl alcohol and alcohol blending solution in for my alcohol ink artwork. I extensively researched all reviews from actual watercolor and AI artists before deciding on these as my first water brushes. I may decide to try other recommendations, but right now they are the perfect ones for my use. I have had absolutely no problems with leaking, cleaning the tip or fluid control. The prompt service was excellent, also. I would purchase these brushes and from this seller again."
These Pentel aqua brush pens are the most fun. I purchased them after watching videos on Pinterest and Instagram of calligraphers working with similar products. They are really fun and easy to learn with handlettering. I'm looking forward to playing with them more and trying traditional painting techniques.
"This seller had these brushes cheaper than anywhere else I looked and they had all 3 sizes.  They arrived very quickly and in good shape. I am just getting into watercolor and these pens are perfect for me.  I have tried them in card making classes and think I have gotten the hang of using them.  The key - you really don't need much water so if you are new at this, don't soak your paper.  You can always add more water to get the effect you want.  Happy watercolor painting."
"I ordered these for when I use my watercolor pencils. They arrived sooner than expected  ,which was great !  They are all so easy to use and fill ...I can take them with me to places  where there's no water source.  Clean up is a breeze - just wipe the tips on a paper towel . Done !
I highly recommend this seller and these products. A +++++"
I use this with the Derwent Inktense pencils and haven't had an issue yet. There is a learning curve so watch a video on YouTube first prior to diving right in.
Love these little brushes!!
The pentel water brushes are good I just have to get better at using them
"Wonderful brushes for a great price. I use them for my watercolors and also with ink for painting. I've never had any issues, the bristles dry nicely and don't fall out. I highly recommend them!"
the tip quickly frayed and it doesn't dispense water evenly.
"Every watercolor dabbler/artist needs a set of these water brushes, a simple solution for painting outdoors where carrying a pot of water would pose difficulty. The water is in the stem of the plastic holder. They  are a needed acccesory for painters even in the studio when doing close work that can't be finished by traditional brushes. An inexpensive, yet handy set of tools for your art box."
These water brushes are awesome....
All of these water brushes work well . They put out just enough fluid with out having to prime it a lot and has smooth brush strokes.
"These are great and very easy to control! My only problem is that they leak a little and they don't hold up much water. Other than that, they're terrific."
So amazing. Using them with Gouache. Like drawing with a marker. Super quick and easy to set up & clean.
Great brushes for 'plein air' painting! Makes it all so much easier!
Love these pens!  Great for art projects
I will use this one of these days.  These are a good size and feel great in your hand.
Works wonderfully!!!  Thank you!!!
ok
"The barrel is a bit too small for my purposes in the studio (I use lots and lots of water when I'm watercoloring), but I took it to a violin concert/cafe and it did great. It lasted through an hour of straight painting before it had to be refilled. Light pressure can be applied to the barrel and the water flows through the center of the bristles. Bristles appear to be synthetic but are still surprisingly soft. It comes with a cap that does a wonderful job of keeping water from leaking into your purse, pocket, or supply kit."
Great for travel.
I decided to purchase these on a whim--not knowing how much I'd like the physical brush and the ease of painting with the water in the barrel. My mom had warned me saying she hated these brushes as they can be difficult to use. Thank GOD I'm not my mother. I love these brushes and I haven't touched a standard watercolor brush since. They're perfect. Absolutely perfect.
love these brush pens
Easy to use.
Got what we ordered and when we were supposed to get it. Works perfect worth it for the price!
"Love these! I use them with my Real Brush Pens, and traditional watercolors (cake and tube). I find that they do stain but it does not affect their performance at all."
"The kids and I have decided to learn how to paint with water colors this summer and we love these brushes. Absolutely satisfied with these brushes. Easy to fill, and also does not leak."
"these work pretty well, one just has to get use to how much pressure to apply."
"Most versatile brush I own. I use it for watercolors, my fiance uses it for ink. Great for travel kits and the three different size brushes are more than I could ever ask for. Expect the bristles to stain a little, they are like a clear nylon. No issues with leakage or plastic cracking."
So fun to use!  Love that the water is right there with you no matter where you go.  Even great with water color pencils.  Love the three different tip sizes.
"These are such clever devices.  Three sizes available.  I just noticed that the caps have different colored caps--colorless (translucent white), light blue and darker blue.  The size can be seen through the cap, especially if held up to a backlight, but the color coding is a nice touch.

Using these for a water wash is much more convenient than keeping a brush and container of water open when away from the studio.  These are good at keeping fresh water available.  The tip cleans easily preventing muddying.

Reading through other reviews shows an impressive number of clever uses in addition to a water brush.  I was reluctant to try with ink at first because of fear of leakage, but I have had no leaks so far."
Can't beat the price if you're in the market for an aqua brush.
I stumbled on these on a blog site. I use them to fill with vodka and dip the brush in luster dust to decorate cake pops. It works like a charm! And the fact that you get a variety of sizes is a plus.
These are so handy and better than having an open container of water that can spill. The 3 sized tips offer a wonderful selection for working with the watercolor pencils
"A perfect water rush for a beginner like me.  Easy to use, a beautiful fine line of color for fine detail work."
I love it!
good
"I really loved working with these, it was much easier to learn how to use them than what I had anticipated. You don't really have to push to release water, it kinda just flows & the brush stays moist - just adjust to your piece by the size of the brush."
"I do like these. I'm still learning how to properly use them, but I've been having fun with it.
Three things I will note:
1. After the first use the tips of all the brushes are dyed. Not that big of a deal, since they don't seem to bleed on any of my other paintings, but it's a little annoying when I can't see how much color I have on the tips now.
2. I've had a few of the nylon hairs come out, which is one of the reasons why I went with these brushes in the first place because I was hopinh it wouldn't happen. It's only happened like 2 times, but it's still annoying as heck.
3. My largest brush seems to be tempermental and if I squeeze a little too hard on the chamber water comes out from where it meets the barrel. I use the same amount of pressure as the other brushes (not a lot) and I've checked to make sure it's tightened all the way and all that. It's good I won't be using that one too much anyway."
I should have gotten these set a long time ago. Great price too because in dick blick you can get individual ones for around $7 USD.
"Quality of the brushes is very nice. No annoying stray bristles, which is what I was stressed about. Whatever you fill them with, ink, alcohol, water, doesn't seem to leak or puddle out. The control is very impressive and I can not wait to use these more. I am sure you could think of many practical uses for them outside of just art, too. I am very happy with the cost and quality of these. I had planned on buying just the one pack to try them out, then decided to just go for it and get the larger pack. No regrets! Easy to clean, don't leak, and everything works as intended."
Very happy with this package.  I've only used the small brush so far but can see it's very versatile.  I'm delighted.
"Just got these today, and couldn't wait to try them out.  And they did not disappoint. I love that the amount of water is much more controlled than when you use a traditional brush dipped in water. Another big factor for me is the portability: just fill the reservoir, pop on the lid, and tuck it in your bag to go. You don't have to worry about having a cup of water (that I usually spilled!) Because brush and water are in one convenient little pen/brush.  The three sizes are great: a smaller one for fine, detailed work; a medium size for doing larger areas; and the large brush works well for more open areas. I recommend them for art or Bible Journaling because there is much less water to saturate your page because of the control you get with the aqua brush."
These work exactly as I thought they would. It's very easy to control the amount of water you allow to come out.  I love using them with my watercolor pencils in my adult coloring books. They are wonderful for filling in larger areas with beautifully textured watercolor!
love them!!!
I feel like the water comes out of these just a little on the fast side. And you must have a soft touch to use because the barrel is too easy to squeeze and flood your paper.
I wish I had purchased these months ago
"I have recently tried to teach myself calligraphy and it is a very slow process for me. However, I happened to pick up a brush pen from my local hobby store and I was amazed with how much easier I can draw my lettering. That is where these brush pens come into play. I have recently been using them with my water colors to make stunning lettering on envelopes and cards and it couldn't be easier! The brush tips are flexible enough to make nice thick down strokes but firm enough to keep very light and even upstrokes. I saw some youtube reviews showing people filling these with their calligraphy inks to make their lettering - I am tempted to try this, but might want to purchase a completely separate set of brush pens for that! Overall, I love these. There is no leaking when you store the pens with water still in them, I always get the right amount of water when giving it a little squeeze with my water colors, and my lettering has never looked better! I'm sold!"
"The closest thing I have to a complaint is that there isn't a super-fine tip available. The reservoir is fairly generous, the flow is steady but easy to increase with a gentle squeeze if needed, and cleanup is simple. The tips do stain, but the color doesn't bleed out.  Recommended."
Easy to use and the end product looks great!
"I am very pleased with this water brush. It's a great brand, affordable and I highly recommend this one!"
spot on~
An excellent selection of water pens.
"I bought these brushes over a year ago, and my kids and I have really enjoyed them.

What we love:
Portable: We can take these brushes and our watercolors, and go to the woods to paint what we've seen! We can paint in the yard, or we can just paint inside without dealing with little kids spilling water cups.
Simple: You just squeeze the barrel to drip water into the watercolors, mix it up and paint.
Fading: Water runs through the brush slowly as you paint, so if you are painting, you will eventually run out of paint and just have water on the brush. This means the paint fades out slowly and perfectly.
Lettering: I just realized I could try out hand lettering with these, and they are perfect! It's really easy to letter with these.
Sizing: Having 3 sizes to choose from is really useful for us. Most of the times the kids just grab one of them (any size) but for me, when lettering, I like to have options.

Bottom Line:
We love these brushes, they are so portable, easy to use, and have worked well for us over the past 15 months. We will hopefully be using them for a long time!"
"I love brush pens and I am always having to buy them because I either use them till they wear out or I need a set to take with me on the go in my new travel case. I have other brushes that are pretty nice for the most part but I have some that leak or put out the wrong amount of water.. either too much or too little. These are fabulous. They come in the most common of blending sizes, the caps are easy to take off and put on, they are simple to fill from my tap, and they have no loose fibers at all.

I use mine with watercolor pencils and when I want a fine line of watery paint for outline or lettering. These put out just the right amount of water without being too juicy. I am able to blend my paint and my pencils with ease and I simply could not be happier. I recommend these highly for anyone who needs a reasonable priced set of water brush pens from your mixed media artist to your watercolor painters.

Overall I am very please with the amount of water I get, the way they blend, ease of use, and no loose fibers.
I have nothing negative to add at this time."
I am trying my hand at watercolor pencils and these are perfect.  Just the right amount of water when using.
Perfect!
Amazing Product! Absolutely love these brushes.
Good value.  Good product.  I have used this brand of water brushes for years.
I've tried every water brush I can find. Pentel's Aquash are the best I've found. I love the brushes and the tips hold their shape. I take them all over the world with me...they've never failed or let me down.
Great water brush set. Contains three different sizes. Easy to fill and use.
Great Price. Nice product
"Already I can see these are not lasting as long as my previous set of three aqua brushes by a different company.  Nor are they as full of a brush. They do have nice tips though, if you are looking for a finer point with your painting. I like the grip of the barrel."
I was skeptical of these brushes at first. When I first used them I kind of thought it was a pain but after no more than a half an hour I got the hang of it and fell in love with these brushes. For the price these brushes perform beautifully. I bought these with the intention for on the go watercoloring. But even if you are a new bee to watercolor and want to get started but don't want to pay a lot for brushes I would recommend this 3 piece set because they are awesome especially for the price. They do not shed what so ever which is a biggie to look into when picking out brushes and the point on these are great as well can really get in some nice detail with these not matter what size you are using.
"We love this product so much, that we have ordered it twice!!"
"flows well, no loose fibers"
Good  when using for my watercolour pencil in my adult coloring books. Have to learn to control the water usage.
I love these pens. This is my second review. The company sent me new pens without my having to ask! I am very impressed with their integrity.
I got the three pack of assorted brush tops by Pental and they work great. Easy to use and not the usual mess. Even the bigger sizes make it easy to blend and do very detailed areas. Definitely recommend.
They are great and a great price
"There are convenient little brushes that you can fill with water to carry around for watercolor sketches. The nylon brushes and soft and not bad, but they don't compare to my other expensive watercolor brushes, so I don't find myself grabbing for them for actual paintings after owning the set for 2 years.  However, the handy brushes do a fantastic job at lifting pigments, so I use them as somewhat of erasers."
Looking forward to using these
Fun to use! Great for water color or gouache paints.
"One of the brushes is not Pentel, is a generic brand, so it's not exactly like they look in the picture :("
"Okay only.  The idea is great.  The execution is kind of on the child art tool level.  Good for carrying water for watercolor on the go - handy brush sized water bottles.  However, the brushes are too plastic to use for nice paintings."
Fun Art brush. Use with water and dip into inks or fill with liquid inks. I've had fun lettering with them.
These are great at achieving a water color look with ink pens however even the smallest tipped one lets too much water flow out resulting in a flood.
I use these all of the time. I mostly use the smaller brush to do fine details. I find that they work really well.
Nice. Easy to use
"I was really interested into buying these, since I used water-based items and watercolors. It's honestly really neat, but a little messy about pouring water into the filter. When I tried to place water in, I have to squeeze a wee bit then release the filter to add in the water since not squeezing it doesn't because a water bubble appears and won't allow the water to enter. It's pretty easy to use for the steady handed ones, though you must have the correct squeezing pressure to allow the water to seep through, and reach the brush. Other than that, I find it amazing."
"I love these water brush pens! I use them with undiluted ink and I never had any clogging of any sort, one squeeze and it will keep going without bleeding too much. The bristles are firm but run smoothly and they stay the same shape even after my obsessive need to wash them. Reallly great product even if you're a beginner to Water Brushes or Brush lettering"
Very handy for working with watercolors and watercolor pencils.
"So handy. I just took up watercolors and I like to do them when I am on the go. I filled two of these with water and one with ink and they are the most convenient things ever, I can't paint anywhere and anytime and don't have to worry about anything."
"So easy to use with watercolors, especially  when traveling or creating away from home.  Easy transport,  easy to use. Brush holds its shape even with heavy use."
"I bought these to travel with. They are fabulous! Nice variety of sizes, they work well , and I did lots of sketching/painting with them. Genius!"
Love this brush so much. It's like using copic markers.
"Nice  brushes ,  still learning  how  to  use  them. They  will  be  great  for on the  go  painting  using  watercolor.  Haven't  leaked  so far."
love it
Theses are great. I fill them with ink and draw.
graeat set of pens easy to use and with just enough precision
Easy to use for water colors.
Work well and stay consistently wet
"I just bought these water brushes to use for watercolor art and I love them! The three brush sizes are perfect for fine and medium detail work (although for broad washes, a wide regular brush would be better). The regulation of water flow is good. The normal water flow keeps the brush moist but not too much so. With slight pressure along the side, you can increase the water on the brush. The handle is easy to hold. I also own a set of Derwent water brushes, and I find the Pentel brushes far better at water regulation and holding a good brush point. A must have for any watercolorist!"
"Love these, I use them for spit shading so I don't so much have to stick the brush in my mouth as often."
Not great for thicker paint. Hoping these will work better for my next project.
Does exactly what it's meant to do!
Love the three different sizes and great price.
LOVE THESE!!!
"Just what I needed. The size is great for all-purpose painting with my watercolor pencils. It is easy to fill and use, and has never leaked."
Excellent
love these
works well and compliments the KOI paint
Great product. I really enjoy using these for lettering.
"I love them. What can I say...no leaks when traveling, they write beautifully, easy to refill, etc."
"I've had these for about four months and love them. I use them all the time and they work great. The water does seep a little out of the edge if I squeeze to hard but mostly the flow is perfect, once I got the hang of it. Also purchased a set made by Derwent, also good, but I use these more often to be honest (More variety with brush size)."
Like them - less messy
"I FOUND OUT ABOUT THESE TYPE OF WATERCOLOR PENS THROUGH ANOTHER PURCHASE, AND I'M GLAD I GOT THESE."
"Good, but water control can be a bit difficult"
"This is a fantastic set.  Easy to use, and the brushes have a nice firmness without being too stiff.  Easy to clean and fill."
So happy to get these! Three tips make for a lot of options. Large reservoirs so consistent results can be achieved over more canvas area.
These are so handy.  They eliminate the mess of a cup of water and separate brush for the watercolor effect.
Great paintbrushes to use as I travel with my watercolor crayons and colored pencils.
These brushes are incredibly easy to use and very durable! It's also helpful that the brushes come in a multi-pack with different size tips to choose from. I got beautiful results using them with Derwent Inktense colored pencils; can't wait to try them out with my McPinty watercolor pencils!
Just what I wanted. Thy work great and using them with water colors is amazing!!  So glad I found these!!
"I love these pens, except the plastic starts wearing quickly and the bristles stick out, making for not the best of lines. Would prefer natural bristles next time."
Good product
Awesome
"junk, I hate these things, the bristles are stiff and worse of all, they constantly ooze water out without you squeezing it.  I have the water brush that came with the KOI watercolors and it's better, water on demand not constant drip, hate the stiff bristles too but you can at least control the water, arghh"
These are great on the go!
My sister liked it
Tips are too long and makes the color streaky . But you got to learn how to watercolor and the technics.  I tend to use the 2 smallest ones . The larger one reminds me of a Fake horse tail. Lol so I would use this one only for backgrounds and or larger areas of a color lay down.  I'm stating to like these better 1. Because it holds your water my fav. Part.  Need to try at least once and add them to your waterbrush collection. And they also make water coloring portable! Not messy
very nice.  I put in my travel fanny bag with my watercolors and small pad.  Fun and convenientt.  Light weight.
Very nice selection of brush tips I filled them with Alcohol a lot cheaper than a colorless blender that is for sure nice quality for the price. I would love to see them sold in one size sets also I tend to use the middle one a lot and the small one is amazing for getting into small spaces
Very cool idea
Love these!  Great for using watercolor in your bible journal or whatever you paint.
Good variety of brush sizes for different needs.  I've used as brush calligraphy and also to place paints onto calligraphy nibs.  The water inside the holder makes it convenient vs. having to dip the brush in water first.  Bristles seem to hold up well and wash relatively easy.
water brushes are new to me; I've been away from the world of art for a long time.  I love them!  This set is perfect; the tree sizes are great.  They don't seem to easily leak.  And cleaning them between colors involves swishing them in water and running over a paper towel.  I'm a convert!  I do wish this set had an angled brush though; only drawback IMO.
"The design and the purpose seemed great and even perhaps saving the time consumption without all the fuss over having to have brushes, container of water and paper towels handy. I gave it 2 stars simply for the design and what it was supposed to do to make things easier, lucky to get that!

These are not cut out to be all they are said, the first one I opened leaked all down the barrel ruining my project! They require a lot of pressure (unlike what it claims) to get them to work, I would not recommend them, stick with a good natural hair detail brush for any water pencil projects. I will NOT ever buy anything like this again! Make it easier? Nope, makes things a total mess and very difficult to use if you can figure them out.

Ruining a color book project that I had worked for several hours on did not make my day any happier :("
Very happy to have this awesome item
"I purchased these to use with watercolor pencils.  I was hoping for something a little lower maintenance than the old fashioned brush and water.
These work well.  They are good - but not great.  The water comes out a little too fast and while it's not awful - it's hard to use for what I wanted it for."
"A plus for anyone new to watercolor. These brushes could make the difference and encourage someone, who might normally shy away from painting, to jumping right in."
It does not hold a lot of water but wil last for a few cards at one time.
"The fine point on the pens is wonderful for small sections in adult coloring books and for touches on watercolor paintings/mixed-media!  This brand rival Sakura, my favorite brand!"
"Love these brushes!  Perfect to take with you and ""art"" on the go!"
"I find these a bit difficult to use. The idea is fun but the execution is not so great. I always just make a mess with them. Maybe with practice I will get better, but I don't know."
excellent product.  i use it with my water color pencils.
Very much happy to have this awesome item
"My go to PAINTBRUSHES when using Derwent InkTense water colors!

Love this set and feel they are reasonably priced for a 3 pack of 3 different sizes.

Convenient for taking with you, but I use them frequently, even if I am home.

DEFINITELY RECOMMEND AND DEFINITELY WOULD BUY AGAIN. :-)"
Great brush for beginning calligraphers! I used Dr martins Bombay India ink with it
"I bought these to be able to paint when I travel and on the long flights to and from work. They are a great product and work so well. I'm a flight attendant, and these combined with the Koi travel watercolor painting kit allow me to still do my art. And that makes me happy!"
Work well as long as they are not over filled
Products seem well made. I have not used them yet. Thought I would have more time
I have other sizes of this brush and it works perfectly.  I really like that they come in a set like this so you get the different sizes.
These hold a nice amount of water. They work great with watercolors or gouache. Also can be used with sumi ink for calligraphy.
Great for portable painting!
"These are really fun. I wanted to incorporate more ink washes into my normally black line-inked comics. I know Kolinsky sable brushes are the best, but often I am too lazy to do the set-up and clean up required. These are perfect for filling with various levels of diluted ink, then curling up on the couch with my sketchbook and doing washes. Highly recommend!"
"These truly expanded my world of adult coloring books. I've been coloring for a while and use a variety of pencils fromm watercolor pencils to watercolor pastel pencils to wax-based blendable pencils.
For some reason, most likely the mess, I was hesitant to break out the paint brushes around my coloring books - maybe I'm just not a mixed media person at heart.  That said, it is easy to keep one of these nearby and uncap it when I want to use it and truly transform the color, saturation, and blending of your water color pencils.
I need to take some before and after pictures so you can see the difference.
The tips come in  three sizes. I filled them with tap water and keep them in my pencil box - no leaking or evaporating as far as I can tell. The tip did stain a bit from darker colors but I have not found any color transfer to happen as long as I remove excess color on another piece of paper or a napkin."
"Cheap and great if you like to paint on the go, perfect for taking to a museum or wherever."
"Yes! Bought for urban sketching, but use all the time."
need the ink
"Nice - a brush pen set the has refillable storage in the handle. Viscous fluids, acrylic or watercolor, of any color but the pen is called the aqua pen for a reason - anything you put in it should be water based. I suppose you could use dye inks, if you never had to clean it or change color. These are not rugged pens and can easily be damaged."
These are so much fun to work with
I loved the idea of these water brushes. Watched lots of tutorials before ordering. Was really bummed when these ended up leaking all over. Water would leak from the sides. I couldn't even use them without a puddle of water forming. Tried 2 packages before requesting a refund.
I am so pleased. With these water brush great for a watercolor artist on the go
No
"These are such great brushes! I've since used them for brush lettering and full watercolor pieces, and I'm obsessed. So convenient and easy to use! Great for when you don't have room for a separate water cup or when you're away from home."
Pricier than some of the self-contained brushes I have purchased in the past.  But it has a large reservoir and is well made.  Hasn't leaked in over six months.  If you are going to fill it with pigment don't use an opaque or sedimentary color.  A true dye color will work wonders.  Opaque pigments tend to separate and precipitate out.  But that's a pigment problem.
"I bought this brush in Small and it's wonderful! (I actually had all 3 sizes, but unfortunately lost them and had to re-buy.) It's easy to use and there have been no problems with it. The bristles stay together in a fine point. I carry it in my pencil pouch every day but it hasn't leaked at all, and the water flow is perfectly controlled. It holds a good amount of water even though it is small and portable. The water in the barrel stays clean. I use this almost every day for watercolor sketching in public and at home and I love it. I should mention, the bristles do get stained (as you can see in my photos), however it does not detract from the brush's functionality in the least. Would recommend."
Looked all over for those pens - great for that lite washed look. Use these with stamp pads& they work quite well
"Arrived before expected, products as described. Thank you."
Daughter wanted these! She said they worked great!
I found these to be just what I was looking for. I am very pleased with the product. I will be buying more in the future.
These water brush pens leak. Each time you use them water drips out of the water barrel. Very disappointed. I use them dry and dip the tips in some water to make them still useful
"These are great, especially for lettering. It takes a little while to get used to controlling the brush and water flow. Very easy to clean. The bristles stay in a fine tip. Helpful for watercoloring outside since you don't have to carry a water source. I think the tip sizes aren't very necessary, but they're still nice."
Pentel Arts
SO love this product!
Oh my! These are my favorite.  I love watercolor handlettering with these.
Really useful and great tools. Watch out for rough use or letting sit to long. One has broke in 3 month of use. They are still really good for on the go inking
What a great idea.  Gave them to a resident in a nursing home so he doesn't have to bother w/a cup of water.  TY
I love them !! they are perfect fr ink or watercolor pncils
Works amazing with my watercolor pencils. Do not leak at all.
Love it! easy to use and refill.
"A fun addition to any watercolorist tools, also works great for ink washes. Lots of surprising things can be done using them."
There are good and they are good for on the go and don't need a water on a cup
"Purchased these water brushes to use with watercolor pencils.  They work very well for that purpose.  They do not leak which is a bonus.  I found filling them a bit tricky, but by squeezing them slightly they fill more easily."
like it
"It came in brand new, very easy to use, and each pen comes in different size of brush tips. It is something to get use too. For years I have been using wal-mart acrylic brushes (always dipping the water) and I got tired of it. So, I purchased these brushes hoping to finish faster since you only insert water inside the tube. Like I said before it's something you have to get use too and becareful about squeezing the tube. Very little goes a long way or else you get a water mess."
They're brushes and can hold water in the handle. Not much more to it than that. I use one for ink and the other two for watercolor painting and they work just fine.
These work very well just add water and paint with watercolor it's easy and fun and better than a regular brush! I won't go back to a regular brush after these.
very good very pleased quick shipping
"The water tank is large enough to get me through several paintings, but not so much that it's uncomfortable. These are so portable and having the variety of tip sizes is very useful!"
Love these. I just keep losing them.
quite honestly the most useful tool I've purchased in awhile
Love them!!! They work great fast and easy clean up and  the kids love using them all the time.
Great!
My niece recently introduced me to this and I loved it.  my daughter even more.  i decided to get it for her for her birthday and she is so happy that I did.  It makes it easy for her to do art on the go and take it between her fathers house and mine.  No messes and no leakage.  Great idea!  i will be getting her the other sizes next!
Best water pencils ever!!
love this works well with water colors and water color pens blends well and convenient
Great for watercolor painting & sealing envelopes.
"These are great! So easy to use and so much less messy.  Just fill the handle up and squeeze.  The only drawback is you still have the old paint color on your brush, so you either need a rag to wipe the brush on or a jar of water to clean your brush.

My 4 yr old niece loves using this brush and doesn't care if the colors mix.  So glad I discovered these things."
Handy little watercolor brushes.  Easily transportable.  I
perfect!
I purchased these to use when bible journaling. I haven't used them for that purpose yet but have used them in other applications...very fun and easy. Beautiful results and I have ZERO experience with water coloring. Great product.
Works wonders with watercolor pencils.
I use these for cake decorating and they are awesome
"This brushes are very useful and helpful. You don't need to take water to clean your brush, the brush cleanses by itself. It's awesome!!!1"
I like it
I really love these brushes!
I am very happy with my purchase.  Exactly what I wanted.
These water brushes take the hassle of having to run to the sink or having a sponge available for mixing colors.  The quality of these pens is very good and should last for years.  The brushes clean up very quickly.  Would recommend.
Nearly perfect. I find one has to be quite mindful putting the cap on as to not trap brush hairs. I really enjoy using this in my journaling! The brush can get a very fine line and also a nice large wash.
"A clever brush idea. In my opinion, the ""bristles"" are a bit too soft. The barrel is easy to hold and reservoir is handy though."
Thank you!!
"I love these brushes. I'm not familiar with brush sizes so I opted for the three pack. The brush rip itself is made of some nylon or plastic like bristles that are super smooth and soft yet retain its shape  this brush has allowed me to be more travel friendly when I paint and to be more lazy. I don't like painting when I'm tired because I don't want to get water and have to clean my brushes. With this, I simply squeeze a little, get the brush wet and start painting. It's also rly easy to clean the excess color off of it. I just put more water into to tip and wipe it off with a rag. The brush does need some practice because I did not form a system where I would simultaneously gently press the barrel, letting water through, and paint. I would let water come out a lot, and then start painting. Also, the brush tip holds a lot more water than it seems like. I thought it looked pretty dry and when I added paint, it was super super wet. I know this is my own fault but it does need practice and work in order for it to do what it's has to/can do"
"Fun to play with, but having a hard time getting serious with these."
"I purchased these brushes to primarily blend water colors out and with other colors.  I,ve used them several times both with just water and added color.  I,ve been very happy."
"these are great for on the go, but it is hard to get variation. I would recommend having regular brushes too if you are using this product, because the water dispensing is constant"
Good so far! Love it!
"Keeps a nice point for quite a while .. Over 2 months so far , and I use it 4-5 x wk
Not too may hairs splay
Better then karakul hi  or how ever you say it
Large is the best,  small and medium are not needed
I might try the flat some day "
"Work quite well, especially the finest brush."
Too watery.
Very nice idea!!
These brushed make watercolor easy to travel with!
"A must have for traveling watercolorists!  They work great with pan watercolors and any water-soluble media such as watercolor pens and pencils.  It's a bonus that you get three brush sizes here.  The quality of the bristles are great.  They're a medium firm, meaning they bend well, but hold their shape.  I can get a really thin line with the smallest brush and the largest brush produces nice broad washes.  They're so easy to clean too.  Just wipe them off a paper towel.  The barrel holds a good amount of water and has not leaked on me yet.  The barrels are obviously thicker than a traditional brush and might take some getting used to.  But if you're like me and you hold your watercolor brushes vertically and close to the bristles (as you would hold a Sumi brush), you'll find that the big barrel gives you a good balance when making brush strokes.  Overall, a great buy!"
"I actually purchased one set and then, after using these for a bit, got another as backup and possibly for ink washes. I use these for my homemade mica watercolors, regular watercolors, water soluble graphite. Have used both filed with water (and sometimes a drop of glycerin) and by dipping the empty pen into paint/water. Wonderful water flow unless I squeeze too hard. just dab off onto paper towel/kleenex/rag and then back to business. Much better than another pen I received as part of a kit. Love the detail of the fine pen. Would highly recommend. They are extremely versatile. Keep one in my travel kit at all times."
Great brushes
"I ordered these for my youngest daughter who is amazingly talented for her young age. She loves these and when I watched her use them, these are pretty incredible.

The caps all open nicely, hold water incredibly well, when in use and not in use. Water only dispenses when you squeeze the blue chamber. And after each use, when she has cleaned the tips, the color came out with no residue left behind,

I am very impressed with this product!"
Fun product. Well made.
These are fun and save on making a mess with traditions paint brushes.  They don't over saturate and are a great quality. Love these. I will be buying more for my kids to use. They are easy to clean too.
"I am new to water brushes and got these and a Kuretake brush to try.  I vastly preferred these because they are much easier to fill than the squeeze-out-the-air-underwater type and had much easier water control.  The tips on these also hold a good amount of paint, and the bristles are smooth and springy.  Having several different sizes at this price is great.  These, paper, and some small solid watercolors make a great low-stress portable kit.  All you need is water and a paper towel for blotting.  Highly recommended."
OK
Work really well.
"What a wonderful set of brushes. These brushes are easy to use, easy to clean, easy to control; just not easy to do color washing.  And it is not designed to use for color washing, no complain here!"
I love it!
love this product.
Great to use with Inktense  Coloring pencil .
Works very well.  Holds sufficient amount of water to paint a long time.  Tip is nice and versatile -- does both wide and thin.  I don't really need any other point.  This one works quite well.
Happy
A new experience with a wonderful tool.
Looked ok when using.
"These brushes have a very fine bristle and are very easy to use.  They don't leak, the cap fits conveniently on the back so you won't lose it, and it works excellently for blending watercolor pencils.  I recommend these for anyone who needs to cover a lot of space with one color, or if you just need to blend watercolor pencils without a mess."
Very nice
Got these for my fiance and she thinks there great. I don't paint but the work shes donr with them is beautiful! Seem to de well with fine detail and are easy to keep clean
Perfect quality. Love to use it.
"Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips, Pack of 3
Sold by: Amazon.com LLC

Order Placed: Friday, February 5, 2016
Shipped: Friday, February 5, 2016
Arrived: Sunday, February 7, 2016

Price when purchased: $13.49
Condition: New

This product came in brand new and undamaged.  The product is exactly as described; 3 Pentel Aquash brushes in assorted tips sizes: Fine Point Small, Medium, and Large.  Each brush has a different colored cap that snaps nicely onto the back of the brush.  The tips started out as clear/white, but eventually stained from the ink/paint I was using; this doesn't affect the quality, just the aesthetics/visuals of the brush.  The plastic barrel isn't too stiff and feels comfortable in my hand and gives you more control of the amount of water you use.  They're also great for portability, you don't have to worry about having a container of water on hand to wash the brushes, just have a paper towel/scrap paper/cloth handy and brush it on a couple of times until the brush runs clear.

Before these, I've never used water brushes before; it took a little practice to get used to, but works exactly as expected.  I just filled them with regular water from the sink, no distilled water on hand, and I've used them with pan watercolors and in one of the brushes I've added a few drops of india ink for drawing silhouettes and hand lettering.

Attached are a couple of photos: The unopened package and close-ups of the brush tips.  These were taken on top of my cutting matt, four little squares is one square inch, to give you a better idea of the sizing.  I will later try to append more photos of the line quality and how the brushes hold up over time."
I love watercolors and this is an essential product to paint. Fast shipping!!
"These are amazing! They are perfect for on the go watercolor painting, but I use them when I am at home as well because they are so convenient! They completely eliminate the need to have a water cup to clean your brushes. I have only used these with watercolo so I cannot say how they work with other media. The brushes are very precise and clean easily. Great buy!"
Very handy for large areas and small tip is great for detail.
perfect
"As a first attempt at watercolor I went off some recommendations for what to get, and I would definitely recommend these brushes. They are not very expensive and result in some beautiful lines and coloring. Great for a beginner looking to try it out."
works great to use on water color pencils doesn't leak or run out. the tip will discolor so clean as best you can before each color or you will mix colors and could ruin you work. Great product buy all three if you can works great. do not try to add oil this will ruin the entire pen turns to mush.
love it
Purchased to use with my Neo Color II set. The work beautifully and make paint with water color more fun and less clleanup
These work so well! I have been loving them!
"Really cool product! Takes some getting used to, but I found it was faster than using a cup of water."
Looking to get more for inks..Have used with watercolors and they work wonderfully!
So good a friend stole it.
Nice and precise item.  100% as described.  Fully satisfied
"I gave these as a gift to accompany the Akashiya Sai Watercolor Brush Pen set.  They go hand in hand.  So far they have been a great 'go-along', that are easy to use and don't leak.  Great for muting or blending colors without risking knocking over a glass of water while you are painting.  I think these are a great idea and they do work as expected.  I am glad I purchased."
I just started lettering and this set has been amazing for calligraphy writing. The different sizes are great for different fonts. The price is great too!
"I'm not a fan of the way these drip the water out of the rim of the tube instead of out of the brush tip, it makes for blotchy water. These don't drip when they have the cap on, though, which is great!"
"I bought these mainly to use with watercolor pencils/markers in adult coloring books.  I've also used them with watercolor markers on watercolor paper for painting.  They're great brushes and feel a lot better to paint with than I expected.  (Maybe not quite as nice as a good brush, but not far behind.)  My only complaint is that the water flow isn't always even, which can be difficult with coloring books.  This seems to be a bigger problem with the larger two brushes, while the small is more consistent.  Sometimes the medium/large will put out a flood of water, while other times they run almost dry.  I've taken to wiping them on a paper towel between things just to make sure they don't get too wet.

They're easy to fill, comfortable to hold, and overall a good product for the price.  I think my Niji has slightly better water flow, but I still use these frequently."
love it
these are amazing. changed my whole watercoloring experience. I'm an amateur and do it for relaxation but i can see how anyone-- beginner to advanced would find these useful.
Awesome!! I highly recommend it to watercolor artists
Exactly as advertised! I'll be back!
Very handy for the artist on the go. Self-cleaning aspect is great!  I look forward to creating artwork with it!
"Package came quickly and with limited packaging, which I appreciate. I used this brand last week in a card making class and loved it. Can't wait to try mine out."
"This brush works very well, and is very easy to handle. I have used other water brushes and the bristles were not only harder, but not as nice as the bristles on this brush. They glide nicely and since the brush is a tad shorter than most other water brushes, it makes for easier use"
"I've bought 4 of these and love, love, love using them with watercolor pencils. However, I had one that would irregularly deposit a bigger dollop of water than I wanted. I didn't use it for a long time and then wondered if there was information on how to fix it. I searched and eventually found a Pentel video on ""How To Clean Aquash Water Brush"". I took the brush apart, rinsed and reseated each part and so far it is doing okay. Anyone who buys one of these should watch the video, if only to find out the purpose of the inset bulb at the end of the reservoir. :0)  If you have one that is wonky, try reassembling it."
just what I was looking for
Great for water color painting or painting with ink washes...
These are awesome for watercolors on the go. They can wear out a bit fast. However I was doing Fifty or some cards in a row. Lol. Would buy again.
"This is fantastic for watercolors. I got it for use with watercolor pencils, but now I use it for my standard watercolor brush because I like it so much. I like that you can affect the flow of water with the slightest pressure, so when you want lighter washes of the same color, it's easy to do without cleaning all the paint off the brush.
I also use it with India (waterproof) inks, because it's infinitely cheaper to get well ink (comes in little bottles for use with brushes and refillable pens) and a bunch of these than to buy the individual use pens, like the Pitt artist pen. I don't have the manual dexterity for skinny brushes and the pen design is very convenient and feels more natural for me."
"Easy to use, fantastic for detail work on watercolor and mixed media projects!"
Best out there
I love these. I love to use watercolor and these are absolutely perfect for travel!
This is really pretty neat...a must for card making.
"These are ok, but I did just as good a job with a regular bush and some water."
very nice to use
"These brush pens are so wonderful! They're really portable and hold a fair amount of water. It doesn't require much pressure to wet the bristles. Squeezing more will cause the brush to drip which is helpful when cleaning the brush. I take these on hikes or to the beach and they remove the need for carrying an extra bottle of water. These are my first brush pens and I love them! However, I wish they had plugs to fit into smaller containers without having to empty the reservoir."
"I was apprehensive about purchasing these because I had no prior experience with water brushes, but once I got them in hand and tried them out, they are EXCELLENT."
Love them! Paired with prisma color pencils. If you don't squeeze the bottle too much the water flow is great.
Like them!
these are cool. people who aren't used to using watercolor really enjoy trying this out.
"These leak pretty hardcore at the tip during use. Don't store them with water in them, either. They will leak if squeezed. This is my first experience with a water brush.  I'm hopeful that there's a better product out there just waiting for me to discover it. I would not recommend this to a friend. Or an enemy, really. Because nobody should have to put up with leaking water all over their art. That's not cool."
"I put water in them and brused into my watercolor pallette to pickup color.  Between colors, blotted them on paper towels to clean tip.  Have to blot excess water from tip after cleaning. Love them!"
Good brushes and affordable but there is a learning curve to them greatly I feel. They do not leak but I have to be careful constantly about how much water is loaded and do a test constantly cause I still haven't fully got the trick yet. I use these sometimes even just to wet an area and then use a standard watercolor brush to apply color and blends
OK
Love this amazing brush!!
"These work perfectly for me and I have not any leaking issues. This is so much better than carrying a small container of water to use with regular brushes for painting on the go. Instead, I bring a small terricloth to blot the tip on when changinh colors. The only thing I dislike is that the bristles are somehow a bit harsher on the paper than natural bristle brushes, but this doesn't make a huge difference. I just have to use a bit of a gentler touch when painting. Love them!"
Nice to have a three pack with variable brush widths. The small is very fine-perfect for detail. These let out a lot of water which is often too much for my purposes so I have supplemented them with other brushes which are a bit dryer depending on my application.
"Before purchasing this I have been bearing with a Sakura Koi waterbrush and after receiving this and trying it out, the difference between the 2 is like night and day.  First of, the Pentel Aqua brush has more solid bristles which you can compare to a normal round watercolor brush.  Painting on large areas won't leave the bristles ""frayed"" compared to my koi and it has a fine point that allows you to paint on small areas even using their largest size.  I also appreciate the fact that these brushes follow the UNIVERSAL way of closing anything which is clockwise!  My koi always leaks and sucks up muddles water and so far my Aquash doesn't.  Will see in the months to come.  But hands down, if you are going for a waterbrush, this is it."
Amazing thing to own for an artist who likes working with watercolors. I LOVE working with watercolors so i did not hesitate to buy this. They have lasted so long and they don't show a single sign of quitting any time soon.
"Sometimes too much water comes out at once, but other than that it's great."
Works great with watercolor pencils.  So handy to have the water in the brush handles.
"These make it easier to work with watercolors.  With that said, the amount of water on the brush is still difficult to control.  Sometimes it will have the perfect amount on the brush, other times a droplet will slide down and blot my painting."
Nice product!  Bought it as a gift!
"These pens work well.  Without filling with water, you can mix either watercolor or gouache and use like a brush pen.  Clean up is easy."
"I have seen these in stores for much more so it's really quite a deal! I have used them extensively since receiving them and they remain just as new. If you love watercoloring or want to start, these are great to have!"
These water brushes are awesome!! There's nothing like it! I myself an not good at art but i have a friend that's really into these things! She doesn't stop raving about it! She said that she went through many different brands of water brushes and Pentel is the best by far!! The plastic is not difficult to squeeze and they're holding up really nicely! She said that it includes all the sizes she needs. The brushes are easy to clean which is an added bonus! Amazing product!
"Love these and prefer them to others I've tried out. Buying more.
Like the shape. Very comfortable to hold. Responsive - only have to squeeze slightly. Nice flow, and I'm able to get very fine lines. Attached images are all 3 x 3 inches on watercolor paper.
I only wish they had a wider range of sizes and styles. Would love a flat tip. I don't think I'll touch my regular small brushes again."
I bought these with the Loew Cornell watercolors for Bible Journaling (with Illustrated Faith).  You will like the different sizes and control it gives you when writing!
Love these pens!  They do a fantastic job!
Very practical
"This brush makes watercolor painting so much more portable! I bought 12 of them for my art class...SO much easier than dealing with water cups, and the brush is easy to clean. Just squeeze a little water out and brush over a cloth or paper towel between colors."
Purchased these as a gift.  Recipient is a frequent artist and said they worked very well.
Fun!
"Leaks water when I squeeze it. Like its not sealed properly. Not happy, and am returning. I'm going to order the same brand as the watercolor set I bought (Sakura koi) since I liked the one in that set.'"
Works perfectly!
Great for watercolor colored pencils leaves no brush strokes and has the control to make and lighter or darker.
These are great
I recently got into watercolor. I wanted to start off with the adult coloring books and coloring it with watercolor. I bought the medium size at Michaels. I love it!! I like using it with my watercolor pencil more than the regular brush. I'm a beginner so it's easier for me to use this for now. I'm excited to get the other two sizes now. I'll have a spare of the medium but it doesn't hurt to have an extra!
"Works very well and very easy to use! The brush part twists off and you can fill the ""barrel"" part with water then you just screw the brush part back on. When you need to wet your brush or wash out some color from your brush, there's a part on the barrel that you just squeeze and voila!

I'm not a professional watercolor painter by any means but this helps a lot with color control when trying to paint with watercolor. It's also awesome that there's three different brush sizes that come in this pack from a thin liner to a thicker brush. The cap is also useful because you can leave them filled with water and they won't leak all over the inside of a box or wherever you decide to put them."
Love these
"Lovely. Doesn't leak, and easy to work with. Would suggest it to everyone I know."
"Item arrived in great condition, shipping was quick! One of the best water  brushes in the market, the tip last longer, easy to fill, easy to use and never leaks! I bought this after reading all the reviews, wanted to give it a try and glad I did. There are several sizes available but I bought the medium and it's perfect for me. I am very pleased with this water brush. It's a great brand, affordable and I highly recommend this one!"
"Very practical for painting on the outside, love that i don't need to carry a water container, but hard to control the amount of water it releases"
So cool I want a set for myself!
"Very nice water brushes!!, works very well, the quality is very good, one of the best!!, and also good price."
Awesome!
"Where have these been all my life?! Fantastic tool with many uses, sturdy bristles wipe clean between each color, allow great control of water.

I started to just get one to try but the reviews were so great I got the 3-pack and I'm glad I did! These seem like they will last a long time. Also yes it says it works with ink or dye, and rinses clean. Very easy to work with and comes out in a natural feel - don't need to ""squeeze"" the reservoir except to get water to start flowing, or maybe to let a drop out into a dry color."
Easy flow of water. Great point for small details.
The best travel brushes I ever!
These are amazing.  So easy to use and control that even a beginner like myself can achieve beautiful results with watercolor pencils.
Great
"Love it works amazingly, I don't have to worry about accidentally drinking the paint water when i use these. I can also paint in the go with these."
Love it!
These are amazing. The brushes are versatile with several mediums and can be really fun to use.
Good brushes for the price.
nice
Perfect for traveling artists
LOVE THEM!!!!  They are simple and easy enough to use. Works as advertised.
nice portable brush. the tip is fine enough for detailing if used with a light hand so you only need one. easy to clean and the water lasts a while so you can paint a lot without needing to refill often.bristles have stained over the years but it is still in good condition (2012)
I just started painting with these last night. Great for if you're short on space. But i cant seem to get a dry brush feel for these. Which isn't too bad. The brush is nylon and feels oily when you first open it but this does not effect the quality in which you paint. I'm using these with water color pencils.
"I bought these because I am constantly moving and traveling. Being that they have very soft and pointed pin nibs, it is best to use these only for watercolors because acrylic and oil paints along with the solvents could end up seriously damaging and clogging the bristles and water container. It's unfortunate that they do not come in more sizes and shapes, however, that's simply a matter of personal preference and it has nothing to do with the product itself. These work very well alongside traditional watercolors."
These are the most amazing things.  My kids and I both love them for watercolor painting and lettering. I wish I had found them sooner.
"One brush in the set was broken. This was a gift, and the return policy requires it be returned, but I cannot ask a gift recipient to do that."
"These turn my ho-hum amatuer art into Wow amatuer art. They work well with watercolor pencils to do graduated shading in larger areas. I was even able to use them in adult coloring books without a problem...I just dabbed the tip on a paper towel first to blot out excess water leaving it moist enough to not soak through the page. The brush tapers to a nice point that holds its shape. The bristles are very fine and flexible. By changing the pressure applied you can make thin or broader strokes. The caps fit over the end when you use them which just makes life easier in so many way . Been leaving the water in mine between uses and haven't noticed any leakage into or around the cap. Cleaning the tip is very simple since it's already full of water, swipe the aforementioned paper towel til the tip is clean. These are suitable to use with inks or dyes according to the packaging info. I think they would work very well but likely to permanently stain the bristles. I went with this 3 pack because it was a much better deal & included all 3 sizes. Since I only needed 2 for art purposes I tossed the small one in with my makeup brushes. This is wonderful for applying wet/dry cake eyeliners and wet/dry eyeshadows too. I'm retiring all those so-called eyeliner brushes...which actually may end up being repurposed as artists brushes.  Go figure...  I am definitely pleased with my Aquash water brush trio and already purchased another set to give as Christmas gift. Money well spent & an easy 5 stars."
"Love love love these. I use these with my water color markers, much easier than using a cup of water and brushes."
"Although our delivery for the WW Vets was stolen, another volunteer donated them and they were very well received for use with watercolor pencils in art therapy. Each different tip/brush size allows for different applications and easy control of water application."
great to use with watercolor pencils in adult coloring books-
The brushes are really great quality and I'm so glad I bought these!!!!
"I am highly impressed with these water brushes.  I used them to practice calligraphy and works beautifully.  Also, I haven't had any issues with the water leaking out."
"Love these pens for watercolor brush lettering!  Good filled with ink, too.  I'm amazed every time I use them at how little mess there is.  You don't even have to clean them, just push some water out by squeezing and wipe on a paper towel!  My daughter and I both use them often."
These are really great aqua brushes and I've been using them for a while now ur for basic watercolor but now I realized that one of the brushes doesnt push the water out properly into the brisles anymore so I might have to replace it. Overvall great product and price plus fast shipping so i have no regrets with this purchase.
"Pros: Certainly convenient for adding watercolor to travel sketching, affordable, easy to refill.

Cons: Difficult to control water flow, saturates your paper instead of your color.

Overall: You get what you pay for. Spend the extra money and opt for the Kuretake brushes."
"These are not as good as the brush that comes with the Koi assorted watercolors, but they still do the job."
"These are fun, very easy to use, I find they simplify mixing my watercolors, also good for brush calligraphy."
Essential for art journalling. My favorite brand water brushes.
These are wonderful fun. Good price in the package. I bought mine when they were offered individually. Lots of fun and they are going to my grand daughter for a Christmas gift with other art supplies. She's gonna live it. I know.
Great for what it is. This is my first water brush so I can't compare it to any others but it seems to do exactly what it says. I think its best used for quick sketching or looser watercolor work. Its hard to control the water sometimes and if your not paying attention you could add more water to a section than you want but overall I enjoy using it without the need to carry extra water. It just takes a bit of getting use to if you usually use traditional brushes which get dryer as you are applying your paint. Overall its very convenient and fun to use.
This product is easy to use and because I travel a lot I can fill and use anywhere.  If you use water color pencils this is a must have.
They arrived as stated and in good condition. I have used a few times and they are handy. I am glad I purchased this set and would recommend them to others.
"Like the convenience of these a lot.  One of the aqua brushes I cannot open, hope to get it open soon.  Be sure to have a blotting rag nearby."
Very nice pens and easy to use.  I actually bought several and filled them with diluted paint for plein air painting. Works great!
"loaded these with ink to use in a travel kit, they work great.  flow is smooth,"
good
"I am a believer. I had used several water brushes in the past, usually purchased at Michaels or Hobby Lobby. I liked them but had problems with leaking, dripping, and brush tips just not being the quality I wanted. I purchased the Pentel brushes after seeing them recommended by an artist doing sketch books. They are excellent. I have never had one drip but it is easy to squeeze out extra water for mixing or watering down paint in my palette. The tips hold the shape beautifully. They come to a very small, neat point and hold that shape while painting. Other brushes I tried were round, the Pentels are also ergonomic with the flat area to hold comfortably.

I bought these brushes quite awhile ago but wanted to be sure to write a review of them because, after a lot of use, the tips are as perfect as when I purchased them."
My favorite!
"One day! One day is all it took from the time I placed the order, to the time I received it! Quality product as well!"
"It works really well with field watercolors.  No drips, no runs, and no errors."
Love these wish I would of known about them sooner.
"Really great brush both for beginners and intermediate artists. I love the quality of these brushes, especially for the price - will be back to repurchase  for replacements."
THESE ARE QUALITY
"simply wonderful, look at the price and this ones are most convenient than the expesive clasik brushes, you may not trust the new tech, but do a favor to you because someday you will try them anyways and you will say to yourself why i didn't try them before, this ones don't make you trow away your other brushes just is a must have. buy all tree even if you are a beginner nice price, they are just awesome"
"I have used thise pends for many years, This was a replacement set --  They are great for using with stamping, watercolor pencils, makers -- many uses.  I do advise to do a practice test first just to get used to how much pressure to use to get the amount of water that you want/need depending on the project you are making."
"This kind of brush is hard to use. After accustoming to use it, I think it will be very helpful to water colour."
Excellent
"LOVE this set of brushes... They are easy to use, and I like the idea of not having to have a cup full of water to knock over when using a regular paint brush...
I use these with my Tombow brush tip pens, as they produce a fabulous water color look..."
Great buy!
"They work wonderfully for water color work, definitely satisfied with this purchase :)"
These arrived promptly.  I had never used anything like theses before so it took me a bit to become accustomed to them.  These are terrific.  I purchased a set for my very good friend who lives in Wales.  She is so pleased with them too.  This is a double positive review.
They work great
Good I like using them.
Excellent
Works okay.
My daughter bought these.  She is pleased with the product.
"I like that the pen is flat so it doesn't roll around when you lay it down. I like that there are three different sizes in the package.
It doesn't write as well as I expected."
These are great for traveling and painting on the go!
Got it soon and they work wonderfully (:
Daughter LOVES these water brushes to apply watercolors to her artwork.  Such a smart invention!!
"These are fantastic! I am really enjoying using these with watercolor pencils. Easy to use, hardly any pressure is needed and so far no leaks either."
Works very well for small picture painting.
Works very well as a paintbrush. Love it
"These are pretty fun to use. The size choices are nice. The paint gradually gets lighter as you paint and the water comes out (which I like) They're great for wetting watercolor pencil drawings as well. I've had this set about a year & haven't had any leaking. They are easy to fill. I don't know how the tips of the bristles will hold up long term, but they're a great addition to traditional watercolor brushes. I haven't used them in a field set yet, but they would be really convenient for that too!"
a little pricey but LOVE 'em
great quality for water painting. Love this item!
Love those!
These are sooo cool.
This idem is so helpful for me as I have Parkinson's and now I don't have to deal with spilling water!
"These brushes are pretty amazing. I had foot surgery in June and bought them right before. I was able to lay in bed and watercolor paint without any mess at all!
They are also very useful for brush lettering (you can put ink and water in the tube, just be sure you thoroughly wash after you're done because I ruined my last one like that!).
If you're the least bit hesitant, just click purchase! You won't regret it!"
perfect for on the go watercolor sketches
"Nice item, i like it. ty"
I cannot comment on how these work since I bought them as a Christmas Present.  But the price was right and I certainly like the concept.
"Great for doodles and field sketches!! Not enough control of the water flow for more serious paintings(in my opinion), but extremely convenient and portable. I highly recommend this as a ""must have"" for every watercolour artist in their staple supplies!!"
"These work so well, I love them! I got these together with ""Magic Water Painting Paper"". So I can doodle on magic paper with a magic brush. There is zero possibility of any mess that way, and the ""ink"" is just water that dries and disappears in a few minutes. The brush tips are just the right amount of firmness that allows you to go from razor thin to fat strokes with a lot of control. I am embarrassed to say I have not used these with any actual paint yet, but my friend uses this same product together with her travel watercolor set and the brushes also work very well that way. Once again - minimizes the mess since you don't need to have open water around. You can refill them neatly from a faucet or water bottle. SO worth the money, and would make a great present for the artist in your life."
Like it
"Can be a little too effective if you're not super gentle with it.
It's more for a very calm adult."
"They leak at the joint between the collar and the brush head.  I contacted Pentel and they were surprised by this.  They sent me replacements, but they leak too in the same manner.  I am sticking with my trusty Niji water brushes."
"I probably could have gotten by with just a medium instead of the three size set but I am happy to have more. I might do as someone else suggested and fill one with ink. Careful though--also as another user mentioned, they don't require much pressure at all to get a lot of water, so you might end up with ink stained fingers or unwanted blobs. I did notice that water seemed to come out from an area above the brush rather than staying inside the tube and going straight into the brush fibers as I imagined it would. Not sure if that is just the way water brushes work or if this is a flaw as I have never used one before.  I kept a rag nearby and usually wiped the excess off on that before heading to the paint tray. Really happy to have them--fun to use."
ingenious. so useful
excellent!
Excellent & fun.  Allows me to explore watercolour pencil in a very new way !!
I didn't even know these were a thing until just recently and they are my new favorite art tool! The water does not leak out and weeks later is still working!
Great for the watercolor [pencils I got at the same time for MY coloring books..
I have like a million of these... I love them.
nice one!
These were a game changer.  I've been using them with water and watercolors and it's really nice to be able to control the water flow directly in my hand right on the paper.  Amazing!  I'm actually going to buy another set to use with ink for brush lettering and postcard making.
I like the variety and size of these water pens.
"I bought these to fill with ink and use as washes! The assorted tip sizes are really handy and have a good range in size between them. They take some getting used to since sometimes the water/ink comes out too much at once, but its not horrible! I've been using them daily!"
I just hope I get to use these someday. Check out Shoo Rayner YouTube videos. He sometimes uses these. That's where I heard of them.
"These work great with my Derwent Inktense pencils.  After I have colored with them, I use one these with water to bring out the intensity of these pencils.  Easier to use than my panint brushes."
"sooo great! I now love watercolor! They are easy to use, fill, and clean.  I bought these because I saw people filling them with ink and using them as brush pens. I thought this would be less expensive than buying expensive brush markers.  I am having so much fun using them with watercolor but I might take the medium size one and fill it with ink just to play around.  I really use the smallest bursh for everything I paint."
I am now able to take my colors with me.
"This is such a great idea  for a brush,  i wish i would have created this product."
love the different sizes. very handy!
love this!
I can't get the brushes open! Anyone else have this problem. I have three packages. I will have the throw them all out if I can't find away to open them.
Just started using them
"I find these water brushes just so-so. I had high expectations in terms of water not dripping on the side when pressed but it did. I had already tightly closed the pen's water receptacle and yet when I slightly squeeze, few drops of water would come out from the area before the tip and the brush. It is not much of an hassle but I thought it was leak-proof.

The bristles are ok. Not very soft but smooth. It is easy to handle the water brushes. The set comes with 3 pen brushes with varying brush sizes depending on the watercolour work you want to do.

The brushes don't pick up as much colour as other regular watercolour brushes so sometimes, the outcome could be a bit light and not as vivid as you would like your painting to be.

They are convenient to use and you can take them wherever you go without so much hassle of bringing a palette and a small container for dipping the brushes and water.

I would have given this a very high rating if it wasn't for the few drips/leaks."
Love for water colors and to load with inks.
"Stunning tool for calligraphic projects, a classic!"
"Where have these been all my life?? Super easy to clean, and load color pretty well. They work wonderfully with watercolor pencils."
"Great for watercoloring on the go. No muss , no fuss. I love the the convenience."
"Fine for children but if you are an actual artist steer clear of these, you probably won't be happy with the brush. Okay for crafters probably also."
"The Seller packaged these neatly and got them to me quickly. Great job, Seller! These are sweet little brushes that work so well with water color paints. I love them!"
The Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush Assorted Tips were just what I what I needed to enhance some art work.
"Great brush. Recommened
They have fine tip and easy to write. Excellent brush especially with caligraphy writing."
Smooth transaction - arrived as expected.
Love it so much. Works very well
"I AM IN LOVE WITH THESE BRUSHES. They tend to release more water than I wanted at first, but I got the hang of it after using them more."
great product!
These are great brushes! So easy and fun to use. The water control is perfect just give a little squeeze. I haven't had any problem with them leaking and I do take them in a bag for on the go painting with watercolor pencils. The brush has great control and a perfect spring. I would highly recommend them for any age or experience!
It provides more water than I like for the projects for which I use it.
"I love these brushes and use them constantly as I am a member of Urban Sketchers, so I decided to buy more!"
3 different tips to do your project.  Love it
"These are nice to take on the go because the water doesn't pour out easily, even without the cap, however, I don't use them very much at home (where I do nearly all of my watercolor painting) because I've found that they work best when you only use the tips for small detail painting. When I've tried to use them as a wash, or when I've tried using the full size of the brush for large areas, instead of just using the small tip end of the brush, it seems that the water gushes out in amounts that are too much for me but may be fine for someone else.  They are very inexpensive, so I believe all artist should at least try them and see if they like them or not. They seem to have a great amount of good reviews and everyone is different in what they do or do not like, so who knows, you may think they're the best thing to come along for you! I still have mine and I'm sure I'll use them again, occasionally, so go ahead, give them a try!"
"These are so great, wish I had tryed them soon, they work great with water colors. I will buy more in the future. They really give you fine control fo your art."
"Its an okay set for the money. I've used the medium brush substantially, and I have to say that water sometimes leaks out below the bristles.  This is not good, no bueno, when making watercolor paintings, as a simple water drop can partially destroy your hard work.  Other than that, the brush works as expected.  Just remember to clean it, let it dry on it's side, and never leave it in water upright to soak as the bristles WILL bend."
Purchased as gift...do not know anything more.
Works well to blend colored pencils and shade colors in cardmaking.
The water leaks out too much to use easily.
"Makes drawing much easier to use,water is right at your fingertips."
The large brush leaks badly but the small and medium sized work well.
"This water brush is exactly what I was looking for.  Who needs a regular brush and a cup of water when you can have them in one solid tool.  This used with these:
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Derwent-Drawing-Pencils-Inktense-4mm-Core-Metal-Tin-Watercolor-24-Per-Pack-0700929/dp/B000PD3M8E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Derwent Drawing Pencils, Inktense, 4mm Core, Metal Tin, Watercolor, 24 Per Pack (0700929)</a>&nbsp;is just perfect.  The point is fine enough for details, but can also fill in bigger areas with a little squeeze.  Been using it for a while and I'm not even sure of the lifespan of these things.  It just keeps going and going.  When it comes time to replace it, I have no problem buying another one.  Great product."
"Compared to a nice synthetic watercolor brush, this is pretty decent. It's relatively easy to hold, and when you squeeze, a large drop of water slides from the tube down to the bristles. I find that this is too much water for a vibrant application, but if you have tissue or paper towel on hand, it's easily fixed. The bristles are fairly easy to clean (just rinse with water and soap) and they do hold a pretty sharp point. The bristles are white so you can clearly see if any paint is still there. The brush can hold a surprising amount of paint and is flexible enough to even use it as a calligraphy brush. I would say it's pretty durable and easy to refill, so I would use it for quick sketches or when you want to travel but not risk bringing your pricier brushes."
These are amazing!
Product its as i expecteed!
"This is the first aqua brush I've used, so I'm still learning. I got it so I could keep it in my small paintbox-to-go & be able to have a little water for paints. The top stays on snugly with no leaks & holds enough water for a small area. Enough for those times when I just have a bit of extra time. Loving it so far! And much more do-able at this price. I've seen some 3x the price, but I'm not THAT good...yet."
"I used this product during my long flight abroad. I didn't  notice how time passed by  while playing with this brush, watercolor pencils and a little pad."
"Maybe I am not use these correctly but whenever I use the brushes too water come out. I press gently to get the brush wet but it keeps leaking water at the tip after I gently press the sides. Like I said I might need to get use to the brushes, but other than that they are okay."
"I've had these for months without using them (no fault of the product). Since I do watercolor on dry unwashed paper, I thought I'd try something different. These will definitely not replace good brushes, but they are fun to play around with.

I found the points to be surprisingly sturdy. I use these to add water to the color already laid down. It can be remarkably precise in creating a lot of different effects."
Everything ok
"Where have these pens been all my life? They're so easy to use, no leakage, and easy to clean. I will buy more!"
"I LOVE these pens!!  Easy to use, easy to clean, easy to store."
"I've used the Tim Holtz/Ranger aqua rush in the past.  In this pack you get three brush for less than the price of 2 ranger brushes but that's not why I bought these. I bought them because they offer one in a fine tip, and because I had heard they also offer better water control.  While I like my Tim Holtz aqua brush, I find these dispense less water, giving me more control."
love these
"Great brushes, the best outthere to accoplish great efects and fast watercolor drawings!"
I bought these to use with watercolor paints and pencils in a travel kit. They have lived up to their good reviews. Easy to use (with some practice) and very portable. A great addition to my travel art supplies.
Absolutely perfect for non mess in living room while watchingnTV water colors. Perfect for traveling also. Very versitable for on the go watercolor so. Easy clean-up.
As described. Thank you
"Awesome to use as water brushes, but also very wonderful to put ink or diluted in inside of to draw with."
Love this water brush!!!
Don't pass these up.  I am a watercolor painter and really like these brushes.  They are especially nice if you paint outdoors...water right there in the base of the brush.  Water flows beautifully from them.  A great asset to my art work.  I use them a lot.
"I love these, I use them with Derwent Inktense blocks and pencils.  I love that there are different sizes, so you can apply wide swatches or fine detail.  They also clean up nicely, and keep their shape.  I love the convenience of them, I can fill them and take them with me, which is a lot easier than regular brushes."
"Works great for blending watercolors, love that there are three sizes to choose from."
I use these brushes for my stamped images. Works great . Love it . Makes a  amazing watercolour brush.
"I really love these brushes. Super easy to use and gentle enough for water pencils, gesso, etc. would buy again if I needed to"
The brushes work well with watercolor pencils. I would like them better if a flat bristled brush was a part of the set.
It works.
great ! lots of fun for all types of mediums
Excellent alternative to standard watercolor art brushes requiring water.
"I love these water brushes I use them for on the go watercolor painting. as a beginner in painting these are so easy to use. There are  3 different size brush tips from small to large. I've had these just over a month I believe, an have used the medium sized one at least 3 times a week. The tip is springy but fluid in motion an goes right back to its original position when done with each stroke you take. I even painted a heart on a tree once an really tried to grind the paint in, an it still went back to its original position lol :) I would recommend to carry an extra small bottle of water with you for refill or even just carry all three brushes to take the water along, I use 2 tiny chapstick sized bottles meant for holding eye contact solution in, the water does leak every once in awhile an only a tiny drop or 2 not a big gush but I think that's mostly due to my still learning how to use the brush an still learning how to paint an use proper pressure lol I would definatly recommend these brushes to any skill level an just remember to not write off an art supply til you really learn how to use it well its amazing :)"
Works better than using a paintbrush.
"These are great additions to my art supplies. I use them with my Derwent Inktense pencils, wetting the pencil work after I've colored it. The three different sized brushes are very handy. In addition, my granddaughter loves them when I let her use my paints or pencils. They are easy for her to use. I think they would be great to use with tempera cakes too, for older elementary children.
They brushes rinse out easily when I finish using one color too, a big plus."
"I love this water brush!! It is easy to use and does not drip, unless you press to hard then a whole bunch of water will be squirting, so just press gently. Anyways, I love it!"
These are the best invention EVER! the smallest size is very small which is helpful for detail work.
"The brush tip is soft and delivers a nice steady flow of water, without putting in too much. You can fill the reservoir part of the way or fully, with just a slight squeeze, and have nice control over the saturation. It has great line quality and works perfectly with ink or watercolor. It's great for watercolor painting."
"I use this for watercolor and it keeps a fine point. It's easy to use with watercolor pencils and paints. Only 4 stars because this is the first water brush I've used, so maybe there are better ones out there."
"This is such a nice neat way to wet watercolor pencil sketches.  I used it in the kitchen and didn't have to worry about any spills.
I liked it so much I ordered the three pack as I am sure I will be using more of these brushes.  My brush did not leak."
"The Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brushes are the best I have found so far.  The work really well.  I work with mixed media ie pastes, wet and dry, and water colors, gouache, etc.  These water brushes are so much more well constructed that other brands I bought previously and can't use because they leak and the brushes were poor quality.  I will only buy Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brushes from now on."
i am in love with this. I use this product more than my expensive artist brushes because it is so much more easy to use.
"I don't even know where to begin talking about this water brushes. I'm seriously so in love with them. I've had them for a few days now and I've water colored with them ever since. My favorite brushes that I have ever owned. It comes in three tips, thin, medium, and thick. It's a great variety. So far I've only used the medium size but I know I will use the the thin and thick one soon. I've been practicing hand lettering and these are great for beginners. They help me get the concept of watercolor hand lettering down."
"handy brush for watercolors. i use it in my ""field kit"" with gelatos and pencils."
Love these.  A lot.
Good set!
love it!
Whoever invented these is a genius!  Awesome way to control water while water coloring and I love that there are 3 different sizes!  Easy to fill and easy to clean!
Love.  Use these all the time to either wash watercolor pencils or directly pick up paint from pucks.
"Not bad, water continuously pours and I'd recommend this more for background than foreground."
This is so exactly what I wanted and it works beautifully for watercolor pencils.
Bought this for my wife and she really likes it.
This is awesome!
Love these. I keep them in my bag for quick presents to artist friends!
Extremely handy for on-the-go artists!
"Being a professional pencil artist for many years I was surprised and excited to use the Pentel Aquash Water Brush.  I did check reviews on the other products before buying only because I wanted one easy to use, with good water control to the brush, and one that didn't leak. With over 500 reviews giving it 4 1/2 stars, I decided to try this water brush.  I have the medium tip, mainly use it for water-soluble graphite drawings, and couldn't be happier. It's really fun. Try it!!!"
Tips are much softer than I expected.  They haven't gotten much use....
"These are nice quality brushes to use with water color pencils. Just screw off the bottom, and fill them up!! If you're not an experienced artist you'll want to be very gentle when you squeeze the water out of the brush. I find that it works best when I use very little. The paper will crinkle and become very thin if you get it too wet. Water colors are so beautiful, and I always love the end result when I use them."
Awesome Product
"This pen is GREAT. I use mine filled with water with my Buddha Board in my office and I carry one in my diaper bag to use with a travel Buddha Board for easy ""painting"" by my toddler that involves ZERO clean up or mess. I haven't noted any leaking or issues and the brush is a good level of stiffness. I plan to buy more any time I give someone a Buddha Board as a gift!"
"I dabble in water colors and these pens are just so... so nice. I pair them with my Sakura Koi kit and just play away. I'm still not really good but boy do these pens make me feel like I am. They don't leak, they handle smoothly... they travel well too. They're easy to clean too- no lingering stains! Recommend them to any budding or serious water color artist. Even for art journals, if that's your thing (i'm still learning). Really great and good price too."
"This is very nice but so are all the other waterbrushes. This one seems a bit overhyped to me. I honestly can't see the difference between all the good ones including this. They all do what they're supposed to. If this one works for you, buy it but don't feel like there aren't other options out there because there are."
I absolutely love using this water brush with my water soluble pencils
Having fun using them.
"so far i've only used with my zig real brush watercolor pens, but this product is great.  haven't experienced any issues with leaks, I have kept them in a bag/purse filled already with water."
"I am having problems with the large brush, whenever I squeeze to get water I get droplets coming from the air slits; the small and medium though don't have the same problem thankfully."
these are great water brushes! i would give it 5 stars but one of mine randomly stopped working.
Love these!  I had a different brand of Aqua brushes before and they were not as good of quality as these.  The caps fit on securely and stay on. These brushes are easier to get water flowing because of the bulb reservoir.  The bristles also stay together and do not come out as I use them.  I will not be going back to the other brand.
"These are okay. Other self contained watercolor brushes such as this are a bit better, sold individually. These can be used, but when dispensing the water sometimes the sides of the water containing handle begin to collapse making the brush less desirable. And, of course, the bristles are not the best at retaining thier shape for finest detail. But for quick sketches and small washes these are handy and convenient."
Like that there is a variety of tip sizes
"a good set of waterburshes! these are my first type, actually and a good amount of artists i know use these!
a little difficult to control the water but once you get used to it, it works!
i use it as both a paint brush and an ink brush!"
excellent product !!!
Excellent way to add water to your watercolour pencils.  Great idea.
These pens are exactly as advertised. Delivery was prompt and there were no problems with the order.
The best invention since sliced bread!!!!!!! You can paint anywhere without a mess (watercolor or tube acrylics). Invaluable for plein air or anywhere you go. I've used nothing else since I got them. Don't walk run to your computer and order them .
"Work as intended, greatly helps me keep control of water flow unto the watercolors/ink. Its hard to tell sometimes which size brush it is (fine, med and large) so I labeled them myself. But other than that, they have been great!"
Can't wait to see how many beautiful paintings I can make with these. Used today with Dy-na-flo with great results.
No leaking and great strokes!
Took some getting used to. Great for cartoonist and shading. Overall 5/5 :)
These are wonderful addition to the sketching arsenal. Easy to use.  Easy to clean. Great sizes. Work well. Very happy with them.
Love these.  I'm going to order more for the older kids.  These are fill able with any water based media you want to put in them.
"I can't believe I've never had these till now. I really like them. I use these in conjunction with some Japanese watercolor markers that I bought as well as markers. I've yet to use them with my acrylics but that's next. The tips are flexible  and come in 3 different sizes. The best part is the ability to control the amount of water that comes out by squeezing the body of the brush. These are perfect for fine details, soft watercolor effects, big or small projects."
"would order from again, A++++"
Love it!
All the rage are water brushes
"These are great for traveling with but I find myself using them for fine tuning areas of my paintings that I don't want to use a typical brush for. You kind of have to be careful with what you use in them. I tried using black ink which worked really well but cleaning the brush tip was hard, I had to clean it in bleach but the tip still retained some ink and almost ruined another painting. Other than that they're not bad brushes since the hold water and paint but I'm ""old school ""and could do better with regular brushes."
"Officially my new favorite art tool. I saw a few of my friends in grad school had these and thought ""Wow! What a great idea for art making on the go."" Then I wondered if it was going to get moldy and gross over time. I haven't yet let them sit for too long with water in it but no mold/mildew either. Really fantastic."
"This is so amazing. Very portable, and works great - I just have to remind myself not to press too hard because the water pens are sensitive to pressure."
Love them! they are awesome.
"i love, love, love these, but i have had a bit of a hard time controlling the amount of water that comes out of the tube. maybe it's just me, i don't know, but the overall quality is amazing!"
"I had a difficult time trying to imagine why a brush of nylon would be any use to a serious artist both because I've never heard of this type of brush and because I'm not a serious artist. But following the enthusiasm of all the people who bought and liked it, I jumped in as well. And yay! It IS great! I like working with colored pencils, especially watercolor pencils. After I've laid down all the color I wanted, I use this to eliminate the streakiness of the pencil. NICE!

I haven't had a single issue with this brush. No leaking, streaking, bubbling, or shredding. It is durable and dependable. Welcome to my pencil box, little fella!"
Great brushes. Good for on the go watercolor.
its good item
Have not use much.  But I do love it....Great product.
Very useful for applying glue for applique.
My sister's boyfriend was over for the holidays and he introduced my daughter to these. They are so cool. She uses them with the watercolor crayons.
My daughter loves them!
good deal fast shipping
"this brush is just awesome, love it!"
Bought these for my adult daughter after she expressed interest in the ones U already own.  She has used them and is satisfied.  I personally like these eons very much.  I watched a few you-tube videos and thus got many ideas of the many uses these pens have.  Makes this artistically impaired gal look like she can paint.  I use them mainly with cater color pencils.
These are very good. Clean up easy and are good for water colors.
These are the best invention ever. Love these so much and use them for my sketching.
Easy way to blend your water color pencils. Sometimes a little bit too much water is released though.
Super convenient.
These are so fun! I love traveling with these versus packing different brushes and having a container for water. Water color pencils + these are so great to use in sketchbooks.
"Bought this for my friend as a gift. Very quick shipping, came on time, and great quality, as an art student, my friend loves it."
These Aquash Brushes with assorted tips are great. Used them with Inktense Blocks and got the right coverage that I wanted because the water in the holder was so available and controllable. Easy to use and clean. Great to use on fabric.
"excellent product, well made! holds water without leaking, great for travel!"
"I've purchased several of these, to use with my watercolor pencils, and for my fondant work on cakes"
A must have if you do watercoloring.
"Taking watercolor painting to the back deck is so easy now! I've used all three sizes and am impressed with them. They aren't going to work like your most expensive brushes, but they definitely work well."
I love this!! :D they r perfect for watercolor :D
"So much fun with watercolor pencils, makes it easy to do your art on the go! Love this!"
Have used these for years. They are still the best in my experience!
I love it!!!! All perfect
Again very convenient and water is in vials for quick use
Great to use with watercolor pads of paint.  The pens actually hold water so that you can use your water pot less and still enjoy moving through a project quickly.
Great product
Clever way to carry water with you to use with watercolors!  Glad someone recommended them to be used with the watercolor brush pens!
A great little water brush.  I keep it in my sketching kit and it makes watercolor art out in the field very easy.  Get one.  You will be glad you did.
good
"One of my brushes broke after some ""kid use"" but otherwise I love these so so much!"
Loving them!
for field use this is all you really need.
I had a lot of fun using these. works great. I wish I got the 3 pack instead!
Work amazing. Easy to clean since you never use dirty water. It takes a little time to get a hang of letting on the water in a way that works for you.
"Best brushes ever. I use them for everything, so versatile from everything to calligraphy, painting, to precise makeup removal, nail art corrector. I don't think I can ever go back to my regular brushes. They're the best for painting on the go along with Sakura watercolor travel kit.

Since the bristles are clear, it doesn't hold as much color stains as brushes that have white, brown, or other colored bristles. My only concern is that the barrel sometimes leaks with a lot of quick pressure."
"These aren't great, I went back to real brushes immediately."
good
I love these brushes sooo much. I use them so often and they're so easy to use. The tips sometimes leaked but I'm also very heavy handed. Otherwise these brushes are absolutely worth every penny.
These are not great.  The water dribbles out too much.  I have gone back to my cheap water brush that works better.  Better to buy the single water brush that is cheap.
I have been using the brushes for watercolour and plan to use them for my travel watercolour kit.  A great product; easy to use and versatile.  Why didn't I think of that!
"Best best best pens for watercolor, or sometimes I'll put a few drops of ink in with the water and use these for ink washes.  On the go sketching!"
These are awesome
These are great for watercolors or inks. I like that they are so portable. I place them in a pencil case with other art supplies and toss it in my purse. I buy them at Amazon.com.
Good set. Convenient companion for my Cotman Compact Set.
Very good
Good Product
Great
Woks well with alcohol ink.
This is great.
"I ordered these brushes as a way to more easily paint tattoo flash style paintings (instead of spit shading) and I was always curious how these pens actually work. They are easy to fill from the sink, but I think if you tried to fill these on the go you would need to bring some sort of squeeze bottle with a fine tip to fill these without making a mess. They do hold enough water that I only needed to fill it twice while doing a sheet of 9"" x 12"" flash and I think most of the water that I used was while I was cleaning the brush between colors.

It's easy to clean the brush while your painting. All I did was keep a piece of paper towel handy and squeeze some extra water through the brush while touching it to the paper towel. This is also handy when you want a bit of a dryer brush. Swipe it on the paper towel a few times and you're ready to go. It doesn't hold onto colors or transfer and the only thing that stained it a little was red paint.

I used these brushes with both traditional watercolor paint in a tube and with watercolor pencils and they work great with both. I do prefer the watercolor pencils though because it allows for more control.

Don't squeeze the brush too hard because you will get a big droplet that comes out of the brush. As long as you avoid doing that, you won't have a problem with big blobs of water on your work. If you were to give this to a kid, their first instinct would probably be to squeeze the heck out of it, but you need to squeeze very lightly until you see the water travel through the reservoir into the tip of the pen.

The cap fits nice and securely and you can actually store it on the end of the pen and stand it up right on the flat bottom of the cap.

I ordered the pack of 3 and it gives a nice variety of sizes. I find myself using the smallest one the most.

Overall, I'm very happy with these brush pens. Only time will tell how well they hold up, but so far so good."
"This is a sensational brush! I've never used a watercolor brush with the basin built in, and I was pleasantly surprised. It makes travel painting much easier. Cleanup is a breeze, and switching colors is painless. The point has retained its shape thus far. I'm impressed!"
"These are currently my favorite pens that I own! They're convenient and perfect for painting/inking on a small scale. Because of these, I decided to learn watercolor painting, which is a medium I used to hate. These made it really comfortable to use watercolors.

The only downside I've had with these is that when you fill them with an ink or watercolor wash, it sticks to the inside of the pens and gives you runoff of that color for a long time. You have to get a clean mascara brush and a really thin paintbrush to get in there and scrub out the stuff stuck to the plastic to get it off. I'd recommend just buying one set of these for water, and a separate set for washes."
While the water brush is a great idea I found that the brushes were such poor quality I find them practically useless.  Keep working on them!!
"Prior to this purchase, I bought the Yasumoto Niji Waterbrush. My thoughts on the Pentel Aquash:

+The tip is flexible, supple, and retains its shape. It has an EXCELLENT spring, so that the largest brush to achieve fine detail.

+There's more water capacity. It's also easier to refill. With the Niji, you need to squeeze and release to get water into the compartment, and this is a little more annoying. The opening on the Aquash is a lot bigger so you can just put it under a faucet for a few seconds. The Niji might make it easier to suck in water from a cup though, which the Aquash would have more struggle doing.

+I would say that it is definitely a good alternative to expensive brushes such as sable (although I still prefer sable.) as it is portable and the cap protects the brush fibers.
Compared to the Niji brush, it can make finer strokes.

+I loaded an Aquash and the Niji with ink, and it works well. I have a Pentel Pocket Brush, and if I need to use an ink or replace it, this is far more economical.

+A side note: I like how I can stand with just a brush a sketchbook to paint plein air. It's really refreshing to not have to carry around a cup of water all the time.

+Plus, this is a really good deal. I mean, 3 brushes for $15? I would say go for it."
very good
me encantan!!!!
good
I love these for paper-piecing fabric for quilting.
"I received these with some Neocolor II water-soluble pastels.  It was a GREAT combination!

These brushes hold the water - securely.  Never leaking.  Press the bodies for the exact amount of water you need - also - to self clean them (using a papertowel or kleenex)

They're simply GREAT!"
perfect for art journaling and lettering.
"It has not worked for me, I squeeze it with water in it and the brush is still dry.  Disappointing."
These are my favorite brand of water brush pens.
"I got this to go with an ""Akashiya Sai Watercolor Brush Pen - 20 Color Set"" that I got for my painter sister for her birthday.  It works very well with these paints and she immediately loved them.  It's easy to fill and wash and the brush is soft, but quite elastic and returns easily to it's initial shape. Good product!"
"I. Love. These.

Seriously. I'm probably never going back to regular watercolor brushes unless I specifically need a dry brush effect. They're very easy to use. It's much more convenient to carry around one brush full of water than bringing around extra water and a water bowl to clean brushes with. No need to dirty a bunch of extra water. The synthetic bristles clean off very easily. I've only seen some slight staining in the bristles from my green watercolors, but green pigments stain like none other and I don't see it affecting the other colors I use.

Definitely worth the buy. If I ever need to buy these again I will! These seem like they're going to last a lifetime."
these are great for detail work.
it' very enjoyable to have the water so handy when using water color pencils
"these are really fantastic for using as ink brush pens and for watercoloring--- i cannot say enough good things about them. they do require a bit of maintenance, as the bristles may warp if left loaded for an extended amount of time (say 12 hours or so)"
Excellente
Amazing brushes! Love them! :-)
"These are great water brushes.  I worry though that the brush itself might be a little toour long for getting into smaller spaces.  On the whole, I would recommend tgem!"
Good
Good
"Love these water brushes. You just have to practice with them to control the water release. If you put too much pressure on the brush, more water than you wanted may come out."
I find this to be the quickest and easiest way to water color since it's so convenient and portable. Sometimes water drips from the threads where the top screws in but it's a minor issue so long as you are careful not to squeeze it too hard over your art work. Excellent product and Is recommended.
"From now on, these are the only ones I'll ever buy.

Super durable and the caps actually click on and off.
Great for filling with water, paint, or even ink! Love them!"
I love that it is a more convenient way to create water color art by using markers and these water brushes.
These are pretty good and the tips are easy to work with.
I have not tried brushes yet but I am anxious to. They appear to be of excellent quality.
My best water brush brought. They great for outdoor drawing and on go..
"Not as good as the Niji Waterbrushes, but ok for kids."
"I don't think the water carries to the brush tip that well,"
This is the second set I purchased. I love these things.
Received product great..... Packaging great.... Not damaged...
water seems to leak if any pressure placed on brush. Tricky to paint with because of color bleeding. I have been getting brush filled with water on side paper towel and then painting.
I loved them!
I use these all the time. Like that the caps click on
Favorite aqua brush ever! You can put a lot of different types poo f media in these and they flow beautifully!
work nicely. do what they are supposed to do.
"The best of its breed. It has a washer in it so that the water doesn't leak, which seems to be a unique feature amongst these brushes. I wouldn't buy any other. And you can buy this variety pack. How exciting!"
I like to use these with distress inks.
"I got these as a Christmas gift to go along with my new watercolor colored pencils, and each of brushes were broken. They leaked water everywhere but from the actual tip of the brush. Sadly it was a waste of money. I've since bought regular brushes I dip in water. It's way easier than trying to control spurting water."
"Exactly what it is. The size differences are very handy, if you're focused on smaller or bigger areas.
Easy to change colors/wash.
Super nice (as in, easy to use) to new watercolor painters like me!"
"after painting with a paint brush my whole life and as old as I am, I am having a difficult time getting used to these new water brushes I will conquer this task. and I'm sure I will love them."
These are great fun to play with! The water lasts for a very long time. No mess!
"Love, love, love these. I use them for watercolor brush lettering and they are perfect. They're great for traveling--it's so much easier than trying to use actual brushes and cleanup is a breeze. As long as you have a scrap piece of paper to get rid of any excess color, there's no need to wash the brush tip."
I love these pens! I've been learning how to use watercolor pencils and these are much nicer to use than the brushes I have. Very easy to fill and to control the water.
love it
I use these with colored watercolor pencils.  they are affordable & love the 3 sizes.  nice size reservoirs.
"I love these for watercolor! Fill the tubes with water, and you are ready to go!"
I love these water holders for my traveling art kit. They work great.
I like these.  A little hard to get used to at first since I never used them before; but they work great. Nice to get the assorted package for a cheaper price than buying them separately.  Plus without ever seeing the size; I am glad I got all 3 sizes so I would have the correct one for the project I needed.
"These water paintbrushes work nicely. One of the mediums I love to use are watercolor pencils for intricate designs because the color POPS out!  Using the finer water-filled paintbrush to smooth out the pigment and spread to small corners works nicely. There are three different paintbrushes: fine, medium, and wide. I use the medium the most.

To use, fill the barrel with water, then squeeze lightly on the plastic barrel until the reserve fills with water. Depending on how hard to brush, the amount of water flows through. I very rarely need to squeeze, as the brush always seems to have the right amount of wetness. I liked these so much, I bought some to give away to some budding artists in my family.

Also, I found that when using different colors, I would just use a small tissue to wipe off the pigment and could then reuse the brush for another color... I didn't need brushes for every color. So very efficient, as well."
"These are awesome, I had no problem learning how to use them. Makes watercoloring much easier!"
These are perfect to use with watercolor pencils and the grandkids like to use them. It's much less messy for them than a pallet and brushes. Very nice quality and makes it easy to work outside as the water is in the brush handle.
I love these brushes. I am going to take them with me on vacation so I can do some watercolor sketching. They are going to be great because I won't have to worry about bringing water with me. I have already tried them with watercolor pencils and they work great!
"It can't get any better than this! I love not having to dip a brush into a cup of water! My only grip is, if you squeeze to hard the water flows out from the side."
It was great.
I was sceptical about these brushes and waited a long time to try them. The bristles are a little strange and they take some time to get use to. I am using them to move water around on a ceramic pencil line on bisqued ceramic ware. It works well because the water is stored in the body of the brush. Not having to go back into the water every time saves me a lot of work.
Great to fill with ink and use as a brush pen or with water to make watercolor 10X easier.  I tried a waterbrush for the first time 3 years ago and fell in love <3
First time I have ever used this type of brush.  Love them! They don't leave puddles but flow smoothly.
"These are cool! They are a little bit expensive, but they allow you to carry brushes and just a little water for turning your watercolor pencils or Inktense pencils to their beautiful intense colors, so they are very handy."
"An excellent item.  Similar to the more expensive Niji waterbrush, with a few differences.  Pentel's opening is wide, allowing you to fill it with anything you want much more easily, its shape prevents it from rolling around on a flat surface, and its cap is much more secure.

Something to watch out for:
If you want to fill it with water, it is pretty straight forward.
However, if you would like to fill it with ink, there is a couple of things to keep in mind (this goes for all similar waterbrushes).  If you fill it with acrylic ink - or any other waterproof ink - it will get ruined very quickly.  Whenever some of the ink dries, it will not be reconstituted.  Because of this, waterproof ink will eventually choke your brush and render it useless.  This also goes somewhat for pigment-based ink, as particles of pigment have a tendency to slowly collect in very narrow parts of the brush.  If you want to use these brushes with ink, I recommend using non-waterproof dye-based ink.  Higgins seems to work well."
Handy little tool and works great... no leaks... makes doing a lot of artwork so much easier. Quick ship and no problems.
Awesome invention!! I use them all the time.
"Perfect gift for my nieces birthday!  Arrived on time,  quality product and just what I wanted."
These are the coolest thing ever to us watercolor!! I LOVE them. 5+
portable way to blend colors on the go.
Lovely
Great water brushes. They have three different sizes which are perfect for any painter. Used these when I travel or painting at home
Best price & Del.
Works great.  It takes some practice to get the correct pressure on the barel to get the amount of water you need.  Very convenient for travel.
Best purchase ever. I will never use regular brushes for watercolors ever again
You need these brushes. Period. Put water in them to use or put your inks or your golden flows in them. I've used several different ones and they either leak or the brush is not very good quality. These are superb.
"So easy to use, fill, and carry.
The best water brushes on the market."
I LOVE this water brush.  I have been using mine with moderate use for a few months now and it is only just starting to lose its point when dry (the point is still very nice when the brush is wet).  I like to use this brush for my watercolor sketchbook because it is so portable.  I also like that it is not perfectly round so it does not roll off the end of the table.  Sometimes I end up getting too much water flowing through the brush for my tastes so I keep a rag or paper towel with me to blot it.  I purchased the large brush which is still able to do smaller details in my sketchbook.  I can't really see myself needing more than just the one brush for my sketches.
"I have ordered several of these aqua brushes over the past years and they have stain power. To this day the brushes are still trucking. I use them for my watercolor work. All you have to do is:

Fill Them with water and then you can use them to wet your paper of choice without over saturating or you can dip your brush in your watercolor and then use as an usual brush.

They come in different sizes. I have all of the brush sizes from the thinnest to the broadest.

What I love is that you do not have to keep dipping a brush in water and then in your watercolor.

These brushes cut down the step to just 1 step by squeezing gently you can control the water flow.

Mine have lasted this far and I hope to continue using them for a long time to come.

The only reason why I gave it a score of 4 is because 1 of the brushes that I have leaks, I might have gotten a defective one. The rest of them function properly.
I would recommend these brushes.

I hope you found my review helpful."
Nice
"These pens are dynamite when working with watercolors or watercolor markers.  On the go, there is no need to bring a jar of water with you when you want to use your watercolors.  Just fill up the brushes and you're set!  The tips allow for fine detail work as well as larger areas.  Rather than squeezing them, however, I find it better to shake them to get the water to flow to the brushtip (Thanks, Joanne Sharpe for that tip!  ha no pun intended)."
Excellent!
Rated this with 4 stars but I got using them and I hate how water seeps out the top above the brush. So it went to 3 stars. I barely use them now.
These are so nice to use outside.
Easy to hold onto
"These are the best!! Great for painting and also great for kids. Other water-brushes are inferior, get the Pentel Aquash."
"Awesome! I love these, but I need to order more."
"Great water brushes, love them"
Love this water pen...Fantastic for water coloring.......can't do without it now.
"They are awesome, love how they work !!!"
Its brush has the perfect firmness. And the water reservoir makes it easy to clean. My only small complain is that the tip tends to split or curl after awhile.
I used it all the time!
"I absolutely love these Aqua Brushes. If you're a watercolorist like I am, you're going to want to try them out, and once you do, you're going to be painting up a storm, just as I am. Highly recommend them. Also consider buying the Pentel Aqua Black Ink Pen at the same time, you'll thank me for it while your creating that beautiful painting with fine detailed black lines. Both together are an awesome combo."
"These things are freakin awesome! So easy to have a watercolor kit on the go for my sketch book. While definitely not the finest quality brushes, they do exacrly what I need them for  - adding quick color. Maybe not the nicest looking product design but perfect for a mobile kit. I got going in about a minute and I've added them to my bag for art on the go."
I love this new way to watercolor!!
"Works good except if you squeeze the pen, water leaks out at the seal below the brush.
Don't squeeze the pen and it works well."
I like the sizes. The water comes out really fast and in large drops so it takes time to learn correct pressure.
I am really enjoying these with my Intense Blocks and my Stabilo pencils. A much handier way to apply water right where you want it. Nice size assortment in this set and one of my often used tools now. Really glad I got them. With care these ought to be in use a long time.
Like the 3 sizes. Easy to use watercolor brushes.
Love this for water colors... It is especially nice to use with my peerless and super convienent for travel... Highly recommend
"This is the first time I have tried these brush pens.  I'm still learning how to use them...but so far so good!
They are very nice for the value."
very good!!!
Works great and not messy. Love using it.
"Love these Pentel Arts Aquash Water Brush.  They are so fun to use and  controls the water flow so it is easier to use than the brushes that do not control the flow.

I paint plein air in water color therefore use the water brushes for easy application and also lightens my load when I go outdoors to paint.  I enjoy the water brushes"
"It is very useful when on trip and writing a diary and making small drawings. I love it, these brushes and a small set of watercolors are perfect for a long and short trip."
"These are exactly what any water pencil colorist needs when you are traveling around.
  Just fill them with water and you are good to go.  The brushes seem to be quite nice, and so far have held up well and I have used them quite a bit.  Plus they don't seem to leak."
Worked just as expected. Very pleased.
Great
They don't leak.  They keep good points.  They are convenient sizes.  They hold a decent amount of water.  I'm very pleased.
"It is a very nice set. The tips were useful sizes, and worked well."
"The brush was licking when i first tried to use it. it gives off too much water, so it is almost impossible to use for watercolor drawing."
It actually makes water-coloring fun and easy. I can not imagine going back to normal brushes
"I do not care for this water brush, for the main reason, it is flimsy.  I would prefer a stiffer bristle.  Maybe someone can recommend a different brand to me."
"Excellent set.  I would highly recommend saving money and just getting this three pack instead of purchasing one or two here and there.  I believe you will be glad you did.

I've been using these with my Faber-Castell Albrecht D&uuml;rer watercolor pencils, working out my gelato lay down, and also with some gouache projects.  Have also used with Derwent's Inktense pencils in my art journals.

And use with traditional watercolor mediums (pan and tubes) has gone well, too.

Brushes hold up, water flow is smooth, for the most part.  It takes some getting used to, or it did me.  I'd never worked with this type of brush before, but I am loving them.  Solidly made, don't feel flimsy.  Brushes clean easy.

Happy purchase."
Perfect.  They're just what I expected.  Thank you.
I put my solvent in these when I work with colored pencils! Perfect!
Perfect!
"They're great, I use them with my Inktense pencils or my watercolor pencils and it blends them so well especially when I'm working on a small drawing."
helpful when I am out-and-about and need to wet the ink or colored pencils I am using.
"Good quality, affordable and portable. They might not be the best brushes for mixing with ink or watercolor in the tank, but they are great for working with pans and water soluble media applied on paper. The different tips gives you more variety when it comes to detail or when working with wider washes. Worth every penny."
"I guess you get what you pay for...they release too much water and they leak. Don't try to use them for what most intend, which is too travel or transport. Save your pennies and buy a better brand."
"I use these brushes for quick watercolor painting and I love them! Very convenient but requires a little practice to get used to the flow of water. Don't expect these brushes to replace your normal brushes, but they are a great addition to any brush set. I use them all the time and am very satisfied. Perfect for the traveling artist!

Pros:
- Three different sizes (fine, medium, large)
- Easy to apply pressure for just the right amount of water
- No leaking
- Easy to hold
- Convenient and portable for use on the go
- Easily refillable
- Soft brush

Cons:
- Great for broader strokes but not great with super fine lines (I suggest just using a regular fine brush for that)
- Need a smaller option of brush
- Requires practice to get used to the flow of water and when to properly apply pressure; sometimes lets out too much water"
Love using my new brush. And thankds for the fast shipment and great service!
"This product is excellent, appropriate for travel and to paint on-the-go without worrying about spilling water from a cup."
They are great
My daughter and I took turns using the brush. It's my first so I can't really compare it to any other. But my daughter (5.5 years) loves using this compared to normal brush which needs to use
fun and easy to travel with
One can never have to many water brushes!
I've only used this water brush a few times but love it. Well worth the money. Does not leak or drip. Perfect for watercolors or inks. Point is very fine and I can do detail. Great brush!
Something nice to have for your art supply bag. Portable magic
These work really well and I love how easy they are to refill.  Earlier versions that I have in my collection are harder to refill.
My favorite travel water color brushes!
These are great for using with watercolor crayons. I wouldn't recommend using these for traditional watercolor applications since it would be difficult to control the water flow.
Bought these as a gift for my daughter who's really just starting painting. She likes that this set held more water than the brush that came with the paints. It's also nice to have a variety of sizes to cover anything she might want to paint.
"Love this product!

Very useful for traveler kit ;)"
"Excellent choice for either taking in the field, or using in your studio. Great for using with water soluable watercolor pencils,( ex. Caran D'Ache)
What's particularly nice about this product is you don't have to carry heavy containers of water in to the field, if you are limiting yourself to only doing small sketches. Obviously, large watercolor paintings would require a considerable amount of water. Great product by a reliable manufacturer."
"These are a fantastic tool for artists who are into watercolor and ink washes! For expediency, I fill one with a premixed wash for adding light shadows and layered values. The three different tip sizes cover every range you could possibly need unless you use mops for your work. The tips clean easily as you just squeeze water out and wipe with a cloth or paper towel."
I get so many uses out of this water brush pen. It works perfectly.
"Very very nice waterbrushes.
I actually like these over another brand that was more expensive. I find these easier to squeeze and get some water out of.

The assortment of sizes is great for different types of painting.

If I had one request, it would be this same kind of brush, but in a flat! That would be great."
Three same brusher.. I rarely use this.
My artist insisted they would not use these as she unwrapped them. It was only an hour later she was explaining how much she was wrong and loved this product. The design makes it easy to watercolor anywhere. This is a great buy for a creative mind whether they know it or not.
Item arrived as expected. Enjoyed using the brush. Probably the best invention in art.  Haha!
These work great. They are easy to use and they come in three perfect sizes.
They were just as I had expected since I have used them before to good effect. Being imported and shipped with taxes etc. made them very expenside for me. I will have to look after them well and keep them clean when not in use!
"Love painting watercolor this way.  Easy, Peasy!"
great idea
"Very good quality brushes, but water leaks out on the rim of brush."
Is the first time I bought this kind of brush and I think it is good one.
"I have used three different brands, and this is the only one that retains points, releases the correct amount of water (not too much) and never leaks. Now if only Pentel would make a flat brush (please!)."
So fun.  Always on the ready.  Would make a great gift.
"Really easy to use, and clean! I love it! It's a bit pricey, but its worth it."
"Seem like you only pay for the case. Brush tip: poor quality, used only once and it was ready for garbage.
Waste of money!"
A must for a cake decorator
"I've used a number of different brands of water brushes, and this set by Pentel is by far my favorite."
"Have been wanting a water brush for a long time but was unwilling to spend the money. Then I found these and for the price of one, I got all 3 sizes. No leakage and they work great"
"This is a decent water brush, but it does have a big flaw. While you are watercoloring, the brush sucks the color up into the black area just above the water reservoir. This means that even if you rinse the brush thoroughly in order to begin using a different color, the old color that got sucked up will be pushed through as the water comes out of the brush. Anyone who paints with watercolors knows that it's very easy to get muted, muddy colors if you're not careful about how your colors mix, so this is a big problem for me. Another issue is that it's hard to control the amount of water that comes out and often you'll get too much. That being said, next time I'll definitely go with a different brand."
"These are great little brushes if you mix media like I do with graphite, coloured graphite which changes colour when you add water, and coloured pencils that are watercolour pencils.  I have a set of a flat, round tip and fine tip from another company, and these are all round but come in 3 sizes, xtra small, small and medium tip.  the are fabulous to use and clean up well.  I take care of them as I do my watercolour brushes.

They also are great for coloured charcoal, which also changes colour when wetted."
"Love these.  Took them with me on a trip to the mountains this summer and painted some beautiful views using watercolor pencils with these brushes on small watercolor paper cards just sitting on the couch, relaxing, painting and laughing and talking! An easy, no mess way to keep painting, wherever you go!"
"Ideal. Works great, super easy to use."
Very nice compared to those available at my local hobby store.  Will buy more in the future.  I use them for turning  colored pencils in watercolors.
"At first I thought I don't need these... What's so hard about dipping a brush into water myself? Well after hours of coloring with standard brushes my hands were about to fall off. I have carpal tunnel and painting for hours with a thin little stick had be just painful. I saw a tutorial video where the person was using these water brushes and I thought, well yeah it does look like it makes painting easier... I guess let me try... I wasn't even thinking about how it'd feel in my hand. So I put them to the test last night and wow after painting for 2 hours my hand didn't feel any fatigue or pain. Not only was I able to continue painting without having to stop to reapply water but the brushes are perfect. They keep their shape and don't split apart while painting. They stay moist and with every stroke I get perfection. I keep a cloth next to me, I suppose you can use a paper towel, to wipe clean and start with a new color. I only ended up using one brush, the largest, and I was able to get to the fine detail of every image.

I'm so happy I splurged on these. My hands are thankful and so is my artwork."
I love these water brush's.  The pack of 3 are great....
"Love it, Great Item! Great service!"
all according to expectations
"convenient, easy to use."
Amazing little invention. No worries of water dumping while using.
So convenient makes painting on the go so much easier
"These are so nice, great to have in a traveling kit."
best water brush I've used
"Not being an artist, but a beginner in the realm of watercolor pencil art, it is my opinion that these water brushes work splendidly!!  They don't release too much water, which was a concern I had when I ordered them - - they are a wonderful tool for painting with watercolor pencils!!!"
"They  work great for watercolor paint out doors.  I use them on trip and have told all my students about them.  I use them along with small watercolor paper on pads of 10 or more size 4 by 6, 6 by 6, 8 by 8 and even larger 9 by 12, 11 by 14 and 11 by 15.  I also used several different watercolor palettes, some with basic colors in them and another with iridescent paint."
"surprising they do not leak,"
"these are awesome! surprisingly, i wasn't familiar with them until i ran across them while shopping here on amazon.
they were cheap. so i thought i'd try them. i love them! it's a different experience  than painting with a regular brush! i don't know if everyone will like them, but i found them interesting and they make a nice effect with watercolors or high flow acrylics."
I love these little brushes for whenever I am out and about painting as I don't need to lug water around with me.  Great idea!
So fun to use and makes travel watercolor/brushscript possible without the hassle of a cup of water or a sink!
"these are absolutely one of my favorite tools I own. They are fantastic for watercolor anywhere, even on the go. They're so great"
"I bought these to work on my watercolor pencil pieces while traveling. They worked great on the plane, with no leaking! I wish you could have a tad bit more control, but I've learned they are great for pieces where I am not looking for precise control, but rather more of a wash effect. Worth the purchase price."
"Yes, I do love it!"
My favorite waterbrush.
not bad
nice tool to have for watercolors!
Great travel brush.  Brush and water in one
It was outstanding  I love it
"Good idea, but I tried these with water and with dr. phil martin's ink, and in both cases it doesn't quite work. The water release is just a bit too fast and thus results in sloppy water addition to your paper. This can ruin a detailed painting, but for looser work or places that need a lot of water or ink, it could work. I wanted a controlled application of an ink line, and this didn't work. I had to switch back a trusty, traditional watercolor brush to do the ink lines on my piece like I've always done.
Too piddling a purchase to return, so I'm going to just use these as large area water applicators if I ever do any travel painting."
Great! Love it. Seller did a great job.
Excellent Product.
Great tool for traveling sketches.
Very handy
"works great, very good product"
"Love Pentel Medium water brush, just the right size to work with."
nice and convinient
I am very happy with this purchase.
Happy with purchase.
"Love this product. I have just begun using it, but it is working just as I had hoped. I plan to buy more as needed"
"These work great!

There are three different sizes of nice pointy brushes.

You can leave them filled with water and grab them when the creative urge strikes.

Cleanup between colors is super-easy - wipe brush on sponge or paper towel, squeeze a bit more water and wipe again, voila!"
Love these!
"I bought two sets and for the most part they work great.  However, one of the pens is defective to the point of being useless.  Something is messed up with it that no liquid can get from the barrel into the brush part.  If I wasn't already using the other two for inks I'd have returned the whole set.  This is the second time I've had this happen with these brushes, so it's a fairly common manufacturing error.  Always do a test run with water first."
"I have only used a few times, I'd say the problem I am having, is the flow of water....I get a lot, but I Think if I use the brush a lot more I can control that flow a lot better...that is the only reason I gave it a four star...need to use a lot more to learn better control"
These are great! I love the multiple sizes and they do not leak while tucked in my Midori Travelers Notebook.
"love, love the aqua brushes - made sure you clean them out though

if I'm not going to be using for a bit I rinse them with hot water  and set them upside down to dry

if you take good care of them, like any painting brush, these will last a long time

they are great for  watercolors on the go or at home"
this has a nice point to it that keeps its shape. easy to control the water coming out too... you can see the water bead come out as you press the barrel. I've only used it with distressed inks so far but I've been pleased with the results and see no reason why this wouldn't work great with water colors as well. you might want to place the pen over a paper towel or something when you press the barrel just to make sure you don't drop the water on your art work. I've not had problems with the water dropping off the brush but better safe than sorry.
"Excelent. It is worth every penny. It makes it easier to paint watercolor without too much mess. The tips substitutes paint brush in small, medium, large, chisel and the ""detail"" one ( my favorite). The thin one allows for delicate touches. I use with watercolour pencils, now I am starting with watercolour paint. Some works will always require a paint brush, but wherever the watercolour pens can be used, that will be my option."
"Wife said ""meh"" about them
They work fine,  just not the ""look"" she was hoping for"
good
"I got this pen about a month ago, and being someone that usually works on small canvases, this pen takes a lot of practice to get accustomed to. I have worked with other water color pens, and the difference between this one and others is that with this one, even if you don't squeeze the pen, water comes out anyways. I was a little surprised and caught off guard since I do work on small canvases and the excess water tends to build up on the page.

However, I did get used to it and I enjoy using it a lot. It's very convenient and easy to clean (I'm a lazy person). The bristles stay in a perfect point no matter how much abuse I've put this pen through. It's great."
Great for cardmaking
"Well worth the money. I recently discovered water brushes when I bought the Koi 24-color travel pan, as one was included in the set. I had never used them before, and I've been painting for years, and specializing in watercolor for the past five. And I am remarkably impressed. They are easy to use, easy to clean, easy to store. The bristles are synthetic, a clear plastic of some sort, and these brushes lend themselves well to the watercolor media. I bought the 3-pack round set, and would definitely consider buying them again. The largest brush is (roughly) an 8 round, the middle size is about equal to a 4 round, and the smallest is about a 1-2 round."
OMG!!!  I love these for my watercolors.  They are easy to use and saved my hide in illustration class while in art school.  I was on a tight budget and needed to use watercolor pencils and truly did not want to carry a bottle of water around with me.  My fellow classmates and teacher were in awe by these.  They were easy to store in my art bin and leakage was not an issues.  But I did take store them in a plastic baggie as an added precaution.
"These work great.  Good price, well made.  Learning how to play with watercolors and these make it easy and fun!"
"I make a lot of hand-crafted greeting cards, many with pencil-colored images.  I just started using watercolor pencils, so these made perfect sense.

I use these with my Faber Castell Aquarelle Watercolor pencils (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Faber-Castell-Art-GRIP-Aquarelle-Watercolor-Pencils-tin-of-24/dp/B000EX0HA6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Faber-Castell Art GRIP Aquarelle Watercolor Pencils, tin of 24</a>), and they work great!  There are three brushes, each a different tip size (small, medium, wide), and each cap is a different color so you can keep them straight.  I use the large one to get a ""wash"" of color across a card front; then stamp a message or image on the blended colors.  The two smaller ones I use to blend details in focal images.  It takes a little getting used to, but with a bit of practice, it's easy to get the effect I want.

I also use them with my Faber Castell Gelatos (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/FABER-CASTELL-39-PIECE-GELATOS/dp/B00JPNVJAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">FABER-CASTELL 39 PIECE GELATOS</a>) to blend colors for backgrounds.

Very happy with these!"
perfect
awesome for on the go art one day sat in the park and did my art loved it
"Put water or OMS wash in it, love them, I am buying another couple sets."
"Excellent when using watercolor colored pencils, CaranD""Ache neo color crayons, etc"
Great for traveling and for on the spur of the moment endeavors!
"This is my fave water brush. I tried the all the other ones, and hands down this is the one I use the most. The water comes out easily, it fits comfortably in the hand, and holds just as much water as the others. I recommend this one if anyone's unsure about brands."
The best water brush out there.  Has the finest pointed brush tip.
just what i needed!
Great water pen for use with watercolor pencils.
Product was delieverly on time and I'm satisfied.
"This brush was the first I have tried with the water inside & I was pleasantly surprised. It releases an appropriate amount of water, & is easy to use. Great for a travel watercolor kit. I was pleased to see that it was easy to wash out & change colors. Also easy to mix color.  No leaking ether. This is a fun product to try!"
This is the best of the waterbrushes I've used.  I prefer just using the LARGE size which is not all that large for a watercolor brush.  Most of my work is in a 9x12 Strathmore watercolor sketch book.
"I use these with Derwent Watercolor Pencils. Love having 3 with differing tips. Clean up easily, too."
"I found these brushes to be very convenient for pan type watercolors and for the mobility they provide with kits and travel. They are well made, easy to use and very reasonably priced as these type of tools average in price."
Very handy tool for watercolor art. Easy to gauge how hard to squeeze for the amount of water you want.
"I absolutely LOVE this water brush! The size is great and it doesn't leak or anything. I like taking it with me when I do watercolor studies outside. I also like using it for ink paintings, since I'm able to dilute the ink easily.

Hopefully I'll be able to get more in different sizes soon!"
Brush well. Children loves it. No more spill.
"I'm having a great time using these water brushes!  I carry them with me (with paints) & can paint whenever I have the opportunity. One thing to be careful of is how hard you squeeze the pen  so that you don't ""flood"" your paper."
"OK  this is a little crazy and real painters would scoff, well scoff away.....these make it easier for me to get watercolor paint right close to [laces where we would normally use liquid latex to keep clean lines.  I don't like the latex, and no mater how clean the paper is it still will not completely take color right next to a latex line....so now?  No latex. I use these to help me keep a clean line anywhere I like."
Works great with dye pencils!
I like it.  Works great..  I was happy at how fast I received this item.
"I love this set as it is easy to fill and the water flow seem quite easy to control, better than with other water pens.  I used them when we traveled in an RV attempting to capture the road traveled.  They were much better than using a brush and water container.  The set is a good price.  Heard about them on a site written by a watercolor artist.  Sorry no name.  Next time I will use on the road with my water soluble crayons, by Caran d'Arche.  I highly recommend."
Love this water brush because of the fine point. Good for home use as well as on my travels.
"Use the water brush with water color markers, color pencils and my ink pads for coloring in stamped images on cards."
"Pretty cool product for watercolor tool kit, brush a bit stiff, works best for me to dampen and scrub 'mistakes', but the tip can hold a very fine line to moisten areas for detail work.

Glad I bought it.

UPDATE: Months later, I like it even more after I found a strange use for it.  Using water soluble fabric stabilizer for a multi-media project, tried this to secure the fabric to the stabilizer, worked great.  Just a swipe lightly on the fabric in a few spots, touch the stabilizer down and it sticks.  Spray bottle was too much water, regular paint brush into water was a bit variable.  This was perfect, self contained, just the right dampness.

I'm fond of multi-purpose tools."
I love these!  The work so well and make me paint more often :)
I really love it.
"I really wish I could rate in between 4 and 5 stars. This brush is borderline perfect, my only problem with it is how often I have to fill it. It's great for leaving the house and painting elsewhere but I run out of water so fast with it. It might just be me using too much water. All around a great product tho! I love the brush itself. It has a very, VERY fine point for detailing which is fantastic."
Best travel brushes ever.
My pen works great!
Bought for traveling watercoloring. Worked great. Water does come out quickly when squeezed too hard.
"This brush is tricky because it starts out with a small amount of liquid and then gets progressively wetter as I use it, even if I'm careful not to be squeezing. On some of the thin papers I find a blender brush much more effective because this one is so wet and makes the paper wrinkle. But I will play with it more on thick watercolor papers. I do like that it's much easier to clean than the blender pens. One swipe on a cloth or paper towel removes the old color and gets it clean and ready to blend a new color.

I have found that it makes an awesome eraser if you get an area too dark with marker ink or watercolor pencil or put color where you didn't intend. I layer a fair amount of water on the spot I want to fix, then immediately dab it off with a paper towel or q-tip. I repeat as needed until the unwanted ink has faded."
"As it is the selection was adequate, but what I was hoping for was a chisel edged brush."
These are the best water brushes that I've used.
This is my favorite size Aquash Brush. They are the best.
"I am very happy with this brush. I use mine with watercolor pencils (Derwent, Prismacolor, Lowell-Cornell) and am delighted with how it works. I am able to control the flow of the water and the brush is the perfect size. I can do both detail and larger areas with it. I am a cardmaker and use watercolor paper but I believe this would work well with other papers, as well."
"arrived in timely fashion, two beautiful waterbrushes.  Pentel brand always comes through."
"Bought for my two daughters for Christmas and it is now June. Still in great condition. My girls are 7 and 10 and very into art. Since we have started watercolor, they have really enjoyed using these water brushes. They clean easily and there is no fuss. Durable and well made."
This the second group of water brushes I have owned. Most helpful when away from a water source.  I like the way the brushes clean themselves.
"I actually do not fill these with water.  I just like the way the brushes work in watercolors.  I especially like the very thin brush to write your name in cursive or make wispy lines.  I have purchased this product before, but just the wider brush.  I like having an assortment."
"My first water brush, a Koi, was purchased a year ago and I ended up using it a lot.  I purchased a Pentel water brush about six months after that.  Comparing the two that I had, I liked the Pentel the best.  I liked that it did not roll off my table all the time because the handle has a flat rather than rounded shape.  I now use two of my Pentels as a shaders only;  filling one brush with a diluted sepia watercolor and the other with diluted black ink.  I will probably purchase more Pentel water brushes because they are so useful."
"Had not used anything like this before, but find it fun and easy to work with along with my watercolor pencils.  Easy to fill and easy to control the amount of water usage."
"I wasn't sure what the difference was in the sizes (the width of the brush?  the width of the barrel? etc.) so I bought one in each size.  I only do watercolor as a fun relaxing activity and this is the first time I used a waterbrush instead of a regular paint brush and as long as it's a just for fun thing I will probably never go back to a regular brush.  There are several things I like about this.  First of all I have better control than with a regular brush because the grip is more comfortable and therefore easier to control.  I like the compact size of this.  I can throw it in my purse with my own version of a field set to color when I am going somewhere and want a relaxing activity,  I like the tip of the brush. With my experiments today with different watercolor sets I found the hairs in the brush never came loose. Another thing I like is that it's less messy to work with (for me).  I have even better control of the amount of water I drop on the paint pan and it doesn't drip into another color.  I experimented with the amount of water for deep bold paints and for more of a wash color. I go from color to color when I paint for fun (especially in those ""patterned"" coloring books that are safe for watercolors) and it's so much easier to clean the brush.  I just squeeze a little water into the brush and can wash it easily on a paper towel.  What I really love is that the water stays clean.  I can paint with brown, wash the brush, and switch to yellow without the water ever getting muddy as when I paint with a brush. The waterbrush is light to hold and I find I can ""write"" with it (as in signing a page) in a way I never could do with the regular brush.  It's just important to not have too much water on the brush.  When my grandchildren are old enough to get watercolor paints they are getting one of these even though the paints come with a brush!"
I use this water brush to apply clean water onto my watercolor paintings when painting wet in wet. The water control isn't as good as the Derwent water brush but it is great to use for applying a clean wash as the water flows a lot quicker.
"I purchased these to fill with alcohol to use as marker blenders for Copic and Blick alcohol markers. I didn't know if they would be able to withstand alcohol but I tested them with both 99% isopropyl and denatured (90+% ethanol) alcohol and no degradation so far. The brushes themselves have nice point and spring, so much that I may buy another set to use with watercolors and inks.

Edit: I purchased another set and I also filled one up with some Higgins Black Magic drawing ink, they work perfectly as a brush pen. Pentel actual sells these prefilled with ink, I found out"
"I love the small tip size and the convenience of having the water IN THE BRUSH. I use this as much as possible because it saves me time from sorting through brushes to find with right brush size.

The only problem is that since the brush size is small I can't double it for use on large areas and washes and completely impossible. Supposedly the bigger tip might alleviate this problem but I haven't gotten around to ordering a bigger one since this small one is all I prefer anyways.

It's extremely useful for on the watercolor painting, I would greatly recommend this for those watercolor moleskins or similar watercolor books in small or medium sizes."
This water brush works great. It is very easy to use. I would buy this again. I am a beginner.
"These are great,, because you do not have to be worry about the drops or spills in your draw.

They offer great control over the quantity over the water."
"I have a large and medium.  Works great.  I use it for small to medium watercolors, pen and wash and water soluble graphite.  The brush is sturdy and is capable of large or relatively fine lines.  I haven't felt the need for a small size yet.

These have not leaked at all and are very easy to use and refill.  What a great gadget."
"This brush looks very similar to the ones SU! sells. I have other aqua brushes but I love this one because the barrel is oval instead of round so it doesn't roll off my table when I lay it down. Also the water doesn't pour out the tip, just a nice controlled flow. I'm not a water color pro or anything close, but I do recommend this brush!"
It's the first time I have ever used one of these and I now use it all the time. I love it.
"But then after awhile, the water didn't come out so regularly, and when I tried fiddling with it, the inside and the brush tip came out easily and then began an ongoing battle to adjust these pieces to make the pen work, but it never really getting ""right"" as things kept sliding around, unsecured. Still not sure how to make it work properly again..."
"I am happy with the purchase.  The item was as described, delivered on time, and the brush set is working out great."
This is a nice set with good variation in size.  It takes a little bit to get a feel for controlling the flow but with a little practice they are a gem for the artist on the go.  Major plus...I can toss them in my art bag and I have never had one leak.  They are easy to clean and are a much better deal buying them here on Amazon than in your local art store (and I definitely believe in supporting my local store).
I got this because a friend has one and let me try hers one day at her place.  I was hooked and knew I needed on for my crafting needs.  I love how it works and makes your paper crafts look.
"Very convenient for working with watercolors/acrylics on the go. Also works well with watercolor pencils. The brush itself is very flexible, so you can use its very tip to do fine strokes, or lay the brush on its side to quickly fill in a section. I used to use a small capped container for containing water when I need to paint outside, but that led to dealing with accidental spills while working on a not-flat surface in crowded areas and having to carry both it and some brushes instead of having everything in one. I was also pleased to find that the water lasts much longer before needing a refill, unlike my capped container that kept on leaking and evaporating all its water within a few days. The only downside is that the brush tip is always more wetter than it looks, since the brush hairs themselves are translucent, so when I want to work with dry opaque paint, sometimes it turns out I had more water than I thought. Can get used to that, though."
"I use this with water color pencils and paints in my cardmaking.  While I have other brushes, this is my favorite.  Good tip and control with a nice feel in my hand."
Excelent... Pentel Aquash brushes are so great and easy to use and I can carry them any where I go because they're so light
This is a good set for a reasonable price. The only suggestion I have is to make some distinction on the barrel as to what size it is. I'll mark it myself of course but I thought it would be a good idea to mark it. Yes... nitpicky. Other than that I like them and would recommend them to my students.
"This is the 3rd brand I have tried as a beginner and my favorite so far. I like doing tiny things so I want all sizes but if you weren't into details then just the large would do very well because it comes to a very nice point. If you like to do lots of wet on wet or heavy washes then these are not great for wetting the paper but I just use a squirt bottle when I want to wet the entire paper or large areas. I tend to only do projects ~ 5x8 or less.

These let out water pretty slowly so if you want to maintain a really wet brush all the time you will have to work out the technique for gently squeezing to maintain a wetter brush."
"Great product. Easy to control the water flow. Fun and easy to paint with. Excellent for travel and other means when you can't carry all of your art supplies.

I've tried the Koi pen, and it just feels cruddy compared to Pentel's.

So far I have bought 3 of the small tips, as well as a medium and a large.

The small brushes are my favourite."
"It takes a little getting used to, but saves all that dip/dap time using watercolor brushes in a jar of water. I can control the amount of water I need. The brush is holding up well, too."
This water brush is incredibly portable and helped me create an on-the-plane studio for painting on a long trip.  Very handy everywhere and no added water other than what is in the barrel is usually needed.
"Sometimes these get clogged, and it's really frustrating because there seems to be no way to fix it! It clogged only a month or so after getting it, and I did every thing I could to try and fix it. :( It was sad. I also had some trouble with the seams leaking."
"Love the idea of this and have bought several. When they work correctly they are an artists dream, but they tend to leak and spill water, that part is the frustration. Need better design! Still recommend, with reservation. Yours may not ever leak."
"This water pen is the bomb! Fills easily, seals up tight and doesn't leak, dispensed just the right amount of water when painting. Better yet, the bristles are soft and responsive with a wonderful fine point for great detail work. Love it!"
"I recently got a huge pack of Inkentense pencils as a gift and purchased these to use with my pencils, who ever thought these things up are Genius!  I don't use my inktense pencils without them.  Awesome brushes!"
This is a nice brush to use with Intense Penclis when sketching in the market or garden.  My friend recomended it to me.
"The brushes are all much bigger than I expected, but I was able to paint very fine details with a little practice.  I would like a little more control on the water flow though.  Painting with the paper held vertically helped considerably.  My absolute favorite thing about these brushes is that I can paint anywhere without making a mess.  No more spilled water!"
"I've used this a few times at home and I find the water comes out way too freely for any sort of manageability - for watercoloring.  but I learned to keep paper towels nearby to dab at and remove excess water.  I can see where this will be great when I want to paint outdoors and not have to carry a lot of water with me.  Maybe for quick washes, it will be great."
"I've been using regular brushes for working with my watercolor pencils, certainly ok, but messy. My water container spills all over me, my work surface, etc often enough.  These water brushes are a wonderful solution to my messy problem - no spills.  The extra benefit is that I can take my pencils and brushes anywhere. I have four sizes, fine, medium, large, and flat/wide, and these brushes have very nicely replaced the ten regular brushes I did use."
"Easy to use, easy to clean. No drips, no leaks and the brush tip holds its shape very well, use after use. Heck, my brother wants one too!"
"this is the best aqua pen I own and plan to buy more.  Since I frequently tip up water containers this is the perfect solution.  I like it as the brush keeps its shape, it is easy to fill and I can use it with my water color crayons, by Caran D'Arche and it is perfect with my Tombows for large areas and a watercolor effect.  I used it in a class with Joanne shape and it is even good with lettering. It does not leak."
I liked the idea of a brush with instant access to water for travelling on a plane with the field sketch watercolor kit.  You can't even use that brush to make a brush stroke.  Unfortunately I bought (4)
"They paint very smoothly and cleanup is so easy.  It will take some practice to know exactly how much water to use, but I can already tell they're just what I wanted."
"If you are interested in watercolor pencils or the Inktense pencils, these move the color in detailed work and even wash areas very nice. I'm amazed! The color does not back up into the reservoir, and the tips stay amazingly clean, as you go from color to color, just using a paper towel to wipe. Nice springy feel as you work over the pencils. They look cheap, but keep them clean and they should last you a long time. Buy several sizes."
"Promotes control when necessary and allows for flawless outlining. This brush set is a happy edition, to my watercolor  tools. I wonder if acrylics would work...time to tinker!"
I bought this for my toddler to paint with. She is enjoying her paints so much more now that she is not mixing up colors and i am enjoying less of a mess
The brush hold water to blend colors.  Don't squeeze to hard a gentle pressure is required.. I have very little experience with the water brush. I have watched video of water color brush. I thought it was near to see the colors smooth  out. I decided to try one. They come in different sizes. My choice is the medium. I felt it might be to hard to learn on a small brush.. It is neat to see s brush with  water in it. Just try it out it maybe  just what one may need. for crafting.
"I trust the name Pentel Arts and need a water brush for my Inktense pencils. Pentel should not be a cheeply made water brush.
It does dispence the water very nicely."
Sometimes you just need a touch of water when you are creating a card or scrapbook page.  You use these to help a color pop.  This is a novel idea and a great help.
"I have this water brush in size small and have just ordered size large. I can't tell you how efficient and smooth this brush works. I make just gorgeous bamboo leaves and branches with it. It is razor sharp with a very fine point. It always springs back to life and holds way more ink, watercolor or water than you would think from such a small brush. Great for leaves of all types and very useful for getting those stems consistent and the right size. I can't wait to try the larger one when it arrives this week. Good product, good price. Highly recommended. Oh, did I tell all the Sumi-e painters how well it works for orchid leaves and petals? And plum blossoms? Not a traditional Chinese brush, but well...it works those details too well not to use it."
"This may be caused by the user.  I was getting too much water on the paper, so I have been using a blending pencil."
This is so great for my watercolor pencils! The resevior holds plenty for this. No mess! Handy snap on cap
I USE THIS BRUSH WITH WATERCOLOR PAINT AND WATERCOLOR PENCILS. I REALLY LIKE THE RESULTS USING THIS BRUSH. I WILL SUGGEST THIS TO OTHERS.
"A friend recommended this type of brush to use for watercolors. It's not too big, doesn't leak, and is easy to clean. I've used it several times and although it's not exactly the same as sable brushes, it moves smoothly and gets the job done. Unless I am working on a really important art piece, I choose this any day."
"I loved these. They are inexpensive plastic tubes and bristles, but we had fun using them with ink watercolor pencils. You can get very detailed work with them"
I like this brush because I can control the water while I paint. Additionally I find the paint don't get stuck inside the inner workings of the brush which makes it easy for me to maintain (compared to similar water brush I used in the past). Hope this helps!
"Bought this for my 4 year old son who enjoys painting with watercolors (we bought Crayola Washable 24ct pan) as an alternative to the dip cup of water (which usually ends up spilled on the floor).  I did have to show him how to squeeze the pen gently to let out only a few drops of water (if you squeeze hard and don't release, the water will keep coming) but he got the hang right away and now prefers it.  Be aware, you will need something (paper towel, old cloth, etc.) to wipe off the old colour first if you don't want them mixing but it's pretty easy to clean too- just squeeze a few more drops and wipe."
Saw a friend in painting class use this with the watercolor pencils and decided to try it.  It's fun to use and you can get interesting results.
So I thought I would give these a shot based on the price and the fact that I could get 3 in one package and also that most people seemed to give this product good reviews. I'm not too impressed compared to other brands that I've used. The control of the water flow isn't well...ummm very controlled I guess you could say. Also the brush seems to ware out rather quickly. I would choose a slightly more expensive and superior product for anybody who is interested in these. You get what you pay for.
I bought this for my Sis's birthday because I had used my friend's before. Its a great tool for a relaxing time of water colouring.
These pens are really wonderful as they add water from the back which makes it easy to control the amount of water you need in a project.
"Great product for on-the-go and ""stick"" watercolor media. Holds both a good amount of water and a fine tip. Controlling the flow of water is an acquired skill, but then again, aren't all skills acquired?"
I really like these so much!  I can take them anywhere and there is no mess or problem with them at all.  I can use them anywhere I want and they are easy to carry and just fun to use!
"The brushes are great for using with watercolor pencils. I make mixed media art and these are very good for detailed work. I am very happy with the three different sizes - very useful. The water doesn't leak when the brushes are stored, so I do not need to empty them after every use... The flow is great and easy to control. All the way I recommend these!"
Love these so much ! They work so good and they don't leak. Great for carrying with you. Water lasts for a long time.
My wife teaches art and really loves these. It really makes portable water color painting a breeze. She has shared these and given several as gifts.
"I've been wanting to try the water brushes for a long time, but the price was a bit steep for me.  This set was perfect, inexpensive and in 3 brush sizes.  My application is with water soluble medium such as pencils, inks, crayons, and pastels. The brushes work well for this.  Not too much water comes out, it seems to wick at a good pace.  And the water does not drip or leak out from the fittings.  The brush handle is wider than the normal brush, which feels a bit awkward in my hand.  Also this is not a fine tipped brush.  But for my purpose it works well.  I would prefer to paint with real brushes for watercolor, acrylic, and oils.  These brushes are made mostly of plastic and they don't seem as sturdy as wooden handled brushes."
These are good brushes.  It is easy to fill them with water and manipulate the flow of water when painting.
I use this for watercoloring on my cards that I make.  It works really good and is much cheaper than the top brands.
"If you use water color pencils this is a must have crucial tool! works great with no signs of breaking down or damage after long use, I also use it for applying Halloween makeup which turned out awesome!"
"definite love for these water brushes! I have the medium and large brush tips
so i ordered the smaller one as well!
I love these a lot, and you can control the flow of the water and it's easy to store and put away
the cleaning process is definitely easy as well, just let the brush tip run under water for a minute and it's all clean! These are definitely worth an investment to be drawing/coloring on the go, or in class in my case
i don't have to go lug around a glass of water for watercolors, i can just wet my brush tip then and there!"
"You get what you pay for seems to be the case here. The brush tip is very cheaply made, it frayed on one use. The bristles seems to be made of the same material a toothbrush is, or worse."
"I picked up this brush to go with some Albrecht Durer watercolor pencils and so far I'm loving it. It makes things so much easier just being able to bust out this brush and go to town without having to worry about a separate cup of water. The bristles are holding up very well and so is the point on the brush. The rest of it is holding up well.

I keep this along with some of my pencils inside of a ""Heritage Roll-Up Pencil Case (SPC36)"" also bought here on Amazon and it fits in the loop where it comes with a pencil sharpener and still rolls up with the pencils.

It can be used for fine lines (obviously not as well as the smaller brush) however if you're looking to do large washes you might want to consider the bigger size. I mainly use this with a small Moleskine Watercolor Journal."
"These are such great brush pens. The water reservoir holds enough water to get through a lot of painting, which is convenient when on the go. It does take a bit to get used to how much water is released as you paint, but once you do it's smooth sailing!

I use the brushes with this field kit, which comes with sponges that help with the water control:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Sakura-XNCW-24N-24-Piece-Assorted-Colors/dp/B001OVG40E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Sakura XNCW 24N 24 Piece Assorted Colors</a>"
"I got this brush for use with watercolor pencils while sketching in a nearby garden during my lunch hour. I was after something that was portable, not too expensive, yet decent quality. Reading the reviews of aqua brushes, there are many disappointing offerings out there. It seemed that you had to pay a premium price to get something of even student quality.

The Pentel Arts aquash, however, finds a perfect spot in providing value for money while still delivering good performance. One of the key qualities of a brush is its ""snap"", how fast it returns to shape after having been depressed. If you've ever used the brushes that come in sets of cheapie watercolors, you know what a snap less brush feels like, it only slowly returns to its former shape and often needs to be re smoothed to regain a pointed tip. The Pentel, on the other hand, keeps its tip shape admirably and is quite snappy.

Some comparisons are in order. I have a Sakura water brush from a Koi watercolor kit. The Sakura is a very nice brush, holds its shape well, and gobbles up lots of pigment, but is less snappy than the Pentel. I also have some Da Vinci student brushes in golden taklon. These are better in most respects to the Sakura and the Pentel, but even they are not as snappy. I don't own any full-blown artist grade brushes, but I would imagine they will outperform the Pentel. Still, for its price point, it's an excellent brush. It's also quite robust. After a couple of months hard use, it is still in like new condition.

Bottom line: if you are fussy about brushes and looking for true artist grade, look elsewhere--this isn't it. If, however, you want something portable, self-hydrating, and offering good value, the snappy Pentel is a great offering."
"I use this for stamped image coloring. I use stamping up ink mostly with these as well as using them to put down water for my water color pencils.

Pros
~~~~~~
Easy to fill
No leaking thus far
easy to squeeze out more water
colors seem to come off easily (inks)
Very nice to use with water color pencils
Works great on the Ranger Craft Sheet (which just wipes clean) I put down some water to mix my water color pencils
Easy to control amount of water coming out
Nice different tip sizes
Gets into detailed area pretty easily if you have a steady hand
Easy to store
Shipped quickly & packaged well.
Was cheaper then buying at the craft store.
Easy for kids to use as well.

Cons
~~~~~~
If you are using the ink lid to pick up color, it can be very hard to get enough color. The colors seem to be very light-so if you want bold color better off going with water colored pencils then these brushes. However, you can use these to put down the water first then use the water color pencils.

My View
~~~~~~~~
Overall I'm very happy with these brushes. They are fun to use & easy to control.
Really love the 3 tip options."
Love it. Now I need them in all other sizes. And many of them for all colors for stains and inks too!
"This brush works great.  No dripping and it holds a lot of water.  I would recommend this product for water color artists.
Very portable."
"Unlike some of the other water brushes on the market, this brush releases a continual flow of water and thus it is almost impossible to control the amount of water I need to mix up my desired consistency of watercolor paint."
"I love, love, love this brush! It works really great for watercolor pencils and watercolor dry cakes. Just enough water for precision painting, and it doesn't leak. Even the medium point is fine enough to fit into the tiny spots. No mess is a definite plus too. Highly recommended!"
The fibers in the brush point were not of good quality.  First use left several brush fibers left on page.  Not something I would buy again.
This is the first time I tried these and what a surprise.  I loved them you can get a very fine point to a large wash type stroke.  I also brings water right to the paper when you need it.
I use this to soften points when I am using the glue method of applique. It works great for that.
Had seen reviews that said it leaked. I've been carrying in a soft case with my Intense pencils and no problems. Has plenty of water and does a nice job.
I am still learning how to use these but they are fun. Really moves paint around when using with watercolors..
Has all the sizes needed to do water color in plein air.  It has allowed me not to have to carry so much water for brushes.  I would recommend this set than having to buy them separately.
Love these pens.. I have a couple different sizes. Love them both. They are especially great for traveling.  I actually painted a postcard on the airplane with these brushes.
"I rate this 5 stars because this brush is so versatile, it's a must have and this is the best on the market.  I prefer the large size because it holds more paint/water with the same fine point as the smaller sizes.  I find the pentel brush to be the easiest to squeeze out water.  I like it's balance and how it doesn't roll off the table.."
"Fun, Fun and more Fun.  Do to a very bad back I must do most of my 'sitting' work in bed.  Computer, TV,  and crafts.  I stopped playing with water colors after spilling my rinse water from a pouncing cat or my own elbow.
Thus for the past few weeks, since discovering these water brushes, I have been painting.  Pentel  is superior because it is made better.  The cap stays on the back of the brush while you're working.  Other brands fall off.
They're good for beginners old or young because the barrel is thick, but awareness of how hard one squeezes can be a challenge but is quickly learned. Juliet Nal"
These brushes are so cool. I love them. It makes newer watercolor it's like myself easier to get the water to paint ratio more accurate.
Well the 5 star rating adds a good idea of how i feel. In terms of set up and use you screw of the top and fill with water easy as can be. As for use with watercolour it is fantastic I can go through an entire 16''x22'' painting without additional water. I squeeze the handle gently to output more water onto the brush and for clean up a nice trick I found is instead of dipping the brush in a container just squeeze a litle heavily and wipe clean with some toilet paper. Easy and dirty water free. Eat shines even better considering less clean up for doing work on the go or small spaces. I can also state that it shines wonderfully with acrylic paint surpisingly. The synthetic bristles easily wash off paint and are easier to clean that regular brushes (worth noting since dried acrylic on brushes is anoying). I give it a 5 out of 5. I plan to order the brush in other sizes and have a full suite.
Love this water brush it works perfectly with my watercolors and my stamping. I love the effects that I can do with it.
"Holds plenty of water, doesn't leak, comes to a nice point and feels comfortable in the hand. The cap snaps on to the back so that you don't lose it. The bristles stay evenly moist but if you need more water you can squeeze the reservoir it so it will drip some water."
"Pentel Aquash makes my favorite waterbrushes. This review refers to the small/fine points but I love them all. The Aquash tips are longer lasting, the barrel shape prevents them from rolling off a flat surface, they are easier to squeeze and easier to fill. I see some complaints regarding leakage but I haven't had that problem. The Nijis ($6.61) are okay but their tips erode quickly, the barrel is harder to squeeze and fill, and they roll off my desk. The Ranger Fine Detailers ($8.64) are repackaged small 9mm Nijis.

This is simply my humble opinion, of course. :)"
"Served its purpose, sort of. It leaked too much, and I ended up giving it to a younger student. He loved it, but he didn't know better. "
"I received my Pentel Arts Aquash Fine Point Water Brush, Medium two days ago. I looove it!! The versatility of the brush is awesome; the tip is a super fine point (like a sharpened pencil! It's THAT fine!) but by applying more pressure it makes wider lines. You can hold and use it like a pencil or a paintbrush. I've been using it with my new Sakura 15262 18-Piece Koi Assorted Water Color Tube Set... and all I can say is: heaven!! :) There's been no leakage, and I like that it's pretty lightweight. Very happy with this purchase!"
"These water brushes came on time and in perfect condition.  I really love them.  The are used for watercolors to wash paint, and for water pencils graphite.  I can draw with my graphite pencils and brush with the Pentel Arts Aquash Fine Point Water Brush to extend the graphite from very dark to very light, giving a wonderful effect."
"I bought this water brush some time ago, but I didn't take the time to leave a review when I received it. I also bought a Niji water brush, and it was excellent, too. So I thought all water brushes were about the same.

Niji Waterbrush- Flat 12mm Wide x 15mm Long
 Price: $10.23
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001DKHIIS/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc=1

  They both did what they were supposed to do, and did it well, but I didn't realize that was unusual. I didn't realize, that is, until I tried to add to my collection by purchasing these:

Royal Brush Aqua-flo Set 3
 Price: $8.62
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001H8IIUI/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_0

  I now know just how good this water brush is because of how bad the new ones are. I wish I had just bought another one of these. Here are the qualities that I believe make it so much better than the new ones:

The point is excellent, and it stays that way.
It holds a surprisingly large amount of water. (Large is relative here.)
I have good control of the water flow.
It stays clean with a minimum of effort. (Just squeeze out some water and wipe.)
It doesn't leak.
In short, it does what it should-quite well."
This refillable water-brush is easy to use and convenient for watercolor artists....especially for travelling.  The quality seems fine and it looks durable.  It's also good especially for very young kids...will save you from having to clean up water spills when they want to do art that requires water.
"I really like this brush for use with watercolor and water soluble pencils. I have just started using it with water soluble inks too. It is nice to do a sketch then push and blend the edges. Keep a tiny bit of Ivory soap in a little portable, half-dollar size pill container and you can clean the brush when you are done. You can find little containers in sporting shops too. Others have mentioned too to get this large size. You can get very small marks with it. I wish they made a bit bigger one with this firm tip."
Don't know what I did without this the tip is so fine can get into tiny places. I have it a month now and it's as good as the day I received it.
"Purchased based on positive reviews and have not been let down.

I've thrown it in my pocket, in the bottom of a beach bag, in my backpack, etc and no leaks or damage.
The nib is also really nice, you can get great line variation down to a very fine line and it seems very durable.
Another plus its ability to water down colors, no more doing the water to paint 10x dash, just give 'er a squeeze.

Pros:
Built well
Price
Function
Super easy to clean and change colors, just squeeze some water through the nib

Cons:
Could hold more water. Not really a con, I'm just lazy."
"I don't do much watercolor media myself, but i do go into ink drawings. I got the idea from a picture on Google i found a while ago with one of these water brush's filled with black drawing ink. So i took a chance with this one, since reviews on this say that water flows nicely, so i just thought ""why can't ink as well?"". I bought this ""Pentel Aquash Water Brush"" and a ""Zig Cartoonist Highly Opaque Pen Ink, Black"" and tried it out myself. the conclusion was that it created one of the best black brush pen i could buy at this price. I've uploaded pictures of this creation."
This water color brush is perfect for painting on the go. I will never be without one again. Have used it for three months and am very pleased with the quality and performance.
"Took a few minutes to figure out but it works well, no problems.  Will buy again to have a spare on hand."
"This brush has a nice length to the brush head and a very nice tip for getting very small and thin lines.
It is nice to have the bigger water tank and is actually very comfortable to hold.
I would indefinably by all the sizes made from Pentel !"
I use Derwent Inktense Watersoluble Pencils  this little brush is wonderful.  I keep it filled up and ready in my pencil box so I can grab it and use it whenever I want.  It's so much easier than the whole bowl & brush mess.
I love painting with my water brushes and have all the different brands and brush sizes.  This one is my most used.  The fine point has held up now over a year and I use it almost every day.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this product.  I ordered it only to fill out an order.  I had it with me one day when I spotted something I wanted to sketch and watercolor.  I had no water only my watercolor pencils and this brush. I felt so fortunate to have had it with me because I was able to immediately get the watercolor effect I wanted.  The only drawback I saw was not having several of these in order to change my colors easily.  I think for a quick on the spot watercolor reference drawing it is awesome to have.  I keep mine in a small pouch and it goes everywhere with me.  The flat side for laying the brush down works great too.  I have also had no leaks and the bristles are keeping their shape.  I need to order other sizes.
"Love this pen, the tip is very sharp allowing me to color in the tiny areas os my work and the water is there as needed. Never have to leave the page I am working on"
I've been using these brushes since they were delivered. I love them. I've not found one thing to change about them. The 3 different sizes in brushes is awesome. I'm glad I ordered this set. I can really get a lot of use from each size as I do some very detailed drawings/paintings.
This little tool has a small chamber that you fill with water and then the brush attaches to the end. If you use watercolor pencils or journal in watercolors then this is a handy brush to have around. It comes in different sizes so pick one that holds the amount of water you normally use. They clean easily to switch colors. It takes a little time to figure out the pressure needed to control the water flow but with a little practice it will quickly become one of your favorite tools.
"I am rather impressed with this brush due to its ability to spring and keep its tip as well as no leakage.  The Large tip is still not big enough for larger washes (about the size of an 8 Round), but it is still an invaluable addition for any plein air kit.  I would advise getting an additional Small size model for finer lines and detail.  Overall, it is a superb product that doesn't leak, and is suitable for even studio painting though its true potential comes out in plein air sketching."
"I really love this water brush. It's my first so I can't compare it to other brands, but it does exactly what I need and want it to. I have had it with near daily use for about six months now and haven't had any problems with leaking or unwanted water flow. I definitely recommend this."
"I've just gotten into using waterbrushes, especially when I paint outside, and I have a medium sized one similar, but this one seems to put out either too much water or not enough, and not a lot of in-between, maybe you'll have better luck than me. Not a bad brush though!"
works fine in the beginning but its poorly made so i rather not use it. its easier for me to use a any paintbrush with water
Doesn't leak and holes a sufficient amount of water! I used it for about 2 hours hours and I only used a very small portion of it to draw 3 quick gestures. Very nice!
"I had bought a cheap pack from Joann and gave them to my little girls right away. They just didn't work. So when the Pentel Aquash arrived I had really high hopes and it delivered. It works without leaking or sucking color back up into the reservoir. It is also nice that the cap can fit on the back end when it is being used so it doesn't end up rolling away from you. All in all, a really good product."
"Good brush, a little excessive with the water have to dab it on a napkin for finer details works great though."
I used this water brush with watercolor pencils to create Christmas cards and it was very easy to use. Just wiped off tip between colors. I loved it.
"I love these. They can be a bit temperamental at times with the occasional over-flow, or dry spells. There are two I use frequently, that hold sumi ink and a light ink wash. I have a third one holding water. The ones holding ink have never dried out on me, so they're great for holding ink for long periods (months) of time. There is never a consistent flow of ink/water. With an actual brush, you can control how much you load on. With these, they can start overflowing, even without having applied any pressure to the bottle. That's the only minor issue I have with these. Once you get the hang of them and figure out how to work around the occasional problems, they're quite excellent!"
"After using a cheaper water brush to work on cards I made needing a fine tip, this was ideal. It was excellent used with washable inks in craft ink pads, and also worked superbly using bleach on embossed designs on cards. The tip stayed together just the way I wanted it to, and the bleach washed out of the brush nicely without damaging it. The other feature I love is being able to use the brush to regulate the amount of water needed without too much water gushing out like my first brush did. This is a keeper!"
"I was skeptical about this purchase. I'm so glad I overcame that emotion. This brush is so well constructed and easy to use.

I purchased several watercolor pencil sets (Derwent's Graphitint and Inktense) and I just hate having to carry around a jar of water with my brushes. I also loathe muddy water and having to toss water every few minutes to avoid color transfer.

The brush wipes clean easily, leaving no color trace, does not leak (I traveled with it in a cloth roll-up case with the Inktense pencils forgetting that the water cylinder was still full - no issues), and provides a good charge of water to the surface.

The only issue I have is that I bought the large brush tip and should have gone with the smaller one, which I just ordered. I work with small areas of color and it can discharge more water than I wish. When I used the brush over larger surfaces it was fine.

I read a review where the artist uses watercolor in the cylinder instead of water. I'm going to try that with this brush when I get my new brush."
"This brush is so easy to use.  My first one, and I would definitely consider others of different sizes.  Very easy to control.  No mess or leaking.  Great for on the go."
"This is great to keep in your car watercolor kits for quick paintings.  I also purchased a smaller one.
With the two I am prepared anytime I want to do a quick watercolor sketch or painting."
"I do lots of art work, and have used this with water color pencils- the fine point really makes it easy."
"This is the first water brush I've tried.
I love how easy it is to clean and the brush tip itself is very fine and durable. You can get thick strokes or very fine detail, all with this one tip. BUT--it sends out way too much water, even when I'm not pressing on the barrel at all. I have considered that this may be a problem with the large brush size but I have not tried the medium or small so I can't say for sure. I will probably keep using it but I still find myself going back to a regular brush when I need control over the amount of water. If I was painting on the go that wouldn't be very ideal..."
"I've seen other artists create beautiful sketches on the go with this brush, so I had to get one and try it out.
I use too much water. The water runs out before I finish a sketch and I wind up having to use the old fashion way with a jar of water and brushes to finish the job. Maybe I need to look at some Pental Brush demos on Youtube.
It's one more tool that I have available when I draw, so I'm sure it will come in handy especially when I travel."
"Works great, holds water wonderfully, the chamber is easy to squeeze, but not so easy that you accidentally squeeze it while painting.  The tip is very fine point for getting into those nooks and crannies that you need to color.  The water doesn't leak, so you can take it where you will without fear that you'll have a wet mess in your bag.  To clean the brush, simply squeeze until the water runs clear!  I would recommend this to any people who like working with watercolors without the mess of having to dip your brush into the water every time you want to wet it."
"I now have 3 in different sizes, they are wonderful for watercolors, watercolor pencils, ink pencils, and coloring with stamping inks."
I like the idea of having water in a brush and initially got this to apply watercolor washes out in the field. I haven't had it out there yet but playing with it with watercolor pencil and watercolors on multi-media paper I think it lets out too much water. I find it difficult to keep a consistent concentration of paint being applied because the brush is always wet wet even if you don't squeeze the barrel. Not to say it won't work for others just don't know if its what I need.
"I love this idea in line and wash technique when
sketching on the fly for painting a later water color painting"
I keep this brush on my desk with my Distress Markers. I love how portable it is.  The tip is just the right size for coloring. I also use it with my watercolor pencils.
I've been using this brush with watercolor crayons and it works great. It is easy to use and to control. It well worth trying.
"I purchased the medium size first and LOVED it. This one leaks a bit and doesn't spread as nicely. It might just be this one brush, but it didn't perform as nicely as I'd like."
"Small medium large,  these brushes with reservoirs make for easy production of beautiful color drawings with water soluble crayons, pastels or pencils (or all three) for dazzling colors when water brush applied.  great for field trips.  easy to use. lasting colors which stay true even when water brush added which just deepens the colors.  Layering easy.  Low on mess, High on resulting pictures."
"These brushes (small, medium,  large) deliver a great wash for water color pens or crayons or pastels.  Bringing a brilliance to the applied pens, crayons and pastels.  Colors stay true.  The brush doesn't dull them.  Can be layered for unique artwork.  Great for travel, where small and concise equipment can be whipped out in a caf in Amsterdam or Paris,  or just out on a local field trip.  Not messy. Brilliant results.  Use a good quality watercolor paper and you're set.  A good waterproof pen is great for addition of  pen and ink.

Add some water to the reservoir and take your water color soluble colors and you're set.  Not messy.  Pack a box for travel plus a few paper towels and you're set to go. Possibilities limited only by your own imagination.  A gentle squeeze of the base gets it flowing,  easy does it."
"This product is awesome for fine line watercolor outlining or edging work. Overall, the water flow is restricted well and it refills without having to be squeezed, thus eliminating the risk of a big drop of water destroying a portrait."
"Very nice for texturing and good control, although it stains easily, but that's just cosmetic because the brush head is synthetic."
"Easy to fill, doesn't spill in my bag. I wanna buy another one and fill it with different inks! :)"
"This brush is wonderful.  It's conveniently filled with water, handles well, stores a good amount of water, has a needle sharp point for detail work, and is tough enough to take abuse but retain its shape.  I've tried the Niji/Kuretake, Koi, and Pentel, and the Pentel's the best.  The large is the most convenient size, and the point is fine enough you don't need the smaller sizes.  It's a must have in a watercolor sketch kit."
"I work in watercolor and find the fine tip and water holding capacity to be excellent for laying down water with an exact line. I am not using the barrel, just dipping the brush in water. Great little brush. It has made my painting life a lot easier."
"I am super-dooper happy that I purchased this product.  It is perfect for both watercolor pencils and watercolors.  It is easy, neat, and I have not found anything wrong with it yet!!!!!!!!!  I have been using it mainly with watercolor pencils, bu either way is great.  If you want to be able to do watercolors wherever you go, try this!  you don't even have to wash it after each color: it just comes out of the fine plastic bristles and your all set for any color...even white.  I am considering buying another."
This brush actually works better than most of my other (real) brushes. Add the convenience of always there water and this is theorist rush that I reach for.
"I've tried a number of water brushes- Niji, Tim Holtz, Sakura, etc but none of them are as good as the Pentel. The main reason I love this brush is the ULTRA tapered tip. I really needed a larger size water brush that kept it's shape with repeated use, and this fits the bill.

The water reservoir is generous, the valve is smooth flowing, and I have found that the bristles of this brush are less likely to stay stained than other water brushes.

I just went ahead and ordered the other two brush sizes and I'm excited to receive them. Having watebrushes with tips that maintain point is such a treat. Oh, and bonus- each size of brush has a different color cap, so if you store them upright (I store mine in glass jars), you can easily tell the different brushes apart by cap color."
"I've tried a number of water brushes- Niji, Tim Holtz, Sakura, etc but none of them are as good as the Pentel. The main reason I love this brush is the ULTRA fine tip. I really needed a fine tip brush that kept it's shape with repeated use, and this fits the bill.

The water reservoir is generous, the valve is smooth flowing, and I have found that the bristles of this brush are less likely to stay stained than other water brushes.

I just went ahead and ordered the other two brush sizes and I'm excited to receive them. Having watebrushes with true fine tips that maintain point is such a treat."
"I have not yet had a chance to try this out, but I have taken it along with me on vacation and am looking forward to working with this Pentel Aquabrush."
"I tried waterbrushes a few years back and quit, concluding they were just too much trouble and mainly because I couldn't get much water out of the barrel and onto the tip.

But recently I read a review about the main brands, and this one came out one of the best. So I decided to give it another try, and I'm glad I did.
I use this one for sketching outdoors. Wouldn't be without it.

It has an nicely flowing watersupply, which I like.  I work with this by blotting on a paper towel when I want less water on the tip.  To me, more water available when painting is better than less.

I bought the large and the small. But the large alone would be enough because the tip is synthetic and the best synthetic brush tip I have found on any brush. You can get very thin lines to quite wide lines easily. You do not have to reform the tip each time either for the next stroke.

I use the small, though, with small ink-wash studies, using water-soluble ink in an ink pen (also, a black Flair has wonderful ink for this). I draw with the ink pen, then wash over the lines with the waterbrush to create monochrome watercolor-like  wash effects.  Gives a neat and very quick little study that simulates how a watercolor of the scene would look.

For traveling light and compact, a waterbrush is ideal. This brush works well with small watercolor boxes and half-pans. My favorite sketchbook is Aquabee's Super Deluxe. Wonderful paper for pen and ink, watercolor (not too heavily wet), pencil, colored pencil, pastels. When I plan to color my sketches with watercolor, I use Noodler's bulletproof black or Lexington Gray waterproof ink.

Highly recommended."
I love this product! I have a set of cheap brushes with a reservoir that I use and wanted one that was a bit better quality. So I tried this one. It leaves the cheap set I have in the dust. It has great line quality and works perfectly with ink or watercolor. It's great for watercolor painting and for sumi'e. They're great for painting in the field. The best part is how inexpensive this is! I'm going to get a whole bunch of them!
"Painting watercolor en plein air has, until now, meant equipment. This little beauty eliminates a number of things. I have tried the piston type of water brush and was very disappointed. However, the Pentel Arts Aquash holds lots of water, stays pointed, doesn't leak, feeds the water evenly, and has a good cap that snaps firmly on either end.

This aqua brush, along with the Winsor and Newton Artist grade water color field box (12 half pans) and a 4X6 block goes everywhere with me. It makes an incredibly small yet efficient kit. You don't need a water bottle or a cup to dip into. I am  amazed at how much water it holds, and without leaking. The brush bristles are white synthetic, and really hold their shape. They may eventually stain with certain of the pigments used, but they rinse or blot easily and thoroughly and don't transfer unwanted color to the painting.
I recommend this aqua brush to any artist for plein air or studio use. The price is great too."
"I love the Pentel Water brushes or ""pens"". I have a large tip I've used for quite a while, and just received the medium tip recently. These work very well...it takes a few uses to get used to the flow, but once you do, you'll see why these are better than the cheapy three-pack types. The brush tip is soft and delivers a nice steady flow of water, without over-doing it. You can fill the reservoir part of the way or fully, with just a slight squeeze, and have nice control over the saturation....especially when using water soluable pencils, as I do. I highly recommend getting at least a medium tip and a large tip, for a great little set of water brushes that aren't hard on the wallet!"
"I like it but sometimes a huge drop of water from above the brush would drip out unexpectedly. I took the brush apart and tried it again but it keeps happening. Besides that, it makes nice clean lines as well as regular brush strokes."
"I am an artist who specializes in watercolors. I absolutely love this brush. Its the best little thing I have ever bought. I've had it for a while now so of course I would think it would break at some time. The water no longer flows into the brush. I've tried filling it to the top, to a little, to medium, unscrewimg and rescrewing, and it just doesn't work anymore. I might just buy a new one."
"It's short enough to put in a small case, it separates into two pieces, the water chamber seems to hold more water, it's easy to fill by just holding it under a faucet, and it's more flexible so it's easier to control the amount of water that comes out when painting with it. The brush part is nice as well.

I find I finally carry a waterbrush with me in my kit because it packs smaller. I typically carry a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Van-Gogh-Watercolor-Pocket-Box-12-Half-Pans/dp/B0014F5XOS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Van Gogh Watercolor Pocket Box- 12 Half Pans</a>,<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Strathmore-Blank-Watercolor-Postcards-pad-of-15/dp/B0024MVL3W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Strathmore Blank Watercolor Postcards pad of 15</a>&nbsp;and a pencil in a 4x6&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clear-Photo-Case-by-Iris/dp/B001J1K0RC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clear Photo Case by Iris</a>, and I can put the Pentel water brush into the box as well. Nijis are too long. I do still use a cup of water for rinsing, but for quick sketches without doing washes, I can simply wipe the brush off on a paper towel."
"I had bought two water brushes with pistons, but their extra ""technology"" just gets in the way. This one holds more water, is lighter, and easier to fill than the others. It doesn't leak, it's flow is just enough without flooding the painting, and you can tell exactly how much water you have left. The cap is designed to conveniently snap on the back of the pen. It also cleans easily while you're working. I keep this one with my pocket size Winsor & Newton Artist watercolor set and a 3X5 watercolor block to make up a truely pocket sized watercolor kit. I'm buying more."
I really like this watercolor brush. You can squeeze just the right amount of water out into the watercolor paints. Also you can add water to the painting with this brush to create a wash effect. I am quite surprised that it does not leak like some other brands I have bought in the past. Great product!
"I love these handy waterbrushes! They are great for small areas and can also be used for larger ones, Great portable item!"
"These brushes are awesome. There is no need for a water cup to rinse or wet your brushes. To clean the brush, just squeeze the handle gently as you wipe the brush on a paper towel until all of the paint rinses out in just a couple seconds. To load your brush, just squeeze the handle gently and swipe the brush back and forth in the paint. When it's loaded, dab it onto a palette to mix it with other colors. I have the best luck using it with a portable water color set (not tubes colors). It's so quick and non-messy to use!"
"Am addicted to the water-brush, using it while travelling and even in projects in the studio. The head maintains its form through out."
"This waterbrush is very easy to use and is nice to use in field work. However, the water flow tends to be irregular for me. Sometimes it releases a little too much water while other times it stalls. Rather than this waterbrush, I'd recommend the niji waterbrush instead."
"works quite well, though the water flow sometimes stalls.  i also own a niji brush, which does the same.  you can squeeze the tube gently to give it more water, but do it over scrap paper to avoid dripping on your work.  i usually swab the scrap paper a few times too, just to make sure all the excess water is gone.  it's easy enough to get used to, after a few uses, though.
other than that, i think it's a great brush, and prefer it to the sable brush i have, simply for ease of use.

also, i wouldn't bother with the small or medium brush, since the tip comes to a fine point, so the large brush can be used for finer detail, as well as larger washes."
"This little brush goes with me wherever I wish to do quick sketch watercolors.  I usually fill it at home and then hit the road with some extra water.  I have been at several botanical gardens and arboretums and just sit and do water color washes over sketches.  I think I will order some more!  The shipping was fast, product was exactly as advertised and I would order from this seller again."
"My headline says it all: this is by far the best water brush on the market. I have tried every single one. This one squeezes much, much more easily than the others, the tip lasts longer, is easiest to fill, and never leaks in my bag or on airplanes. Simply the best. Bravo Pentel!"
easy to use and does the job
Great buy
"I really love these! Ive tried several other brands before this, and finally jumped on the bandwagon. And Im happy I did! Digging the super pointy tips, and the sizes! They arnt super easy to squeeze, but thats ok Bc they arnt waterguns lol. Perfect for my watercolor travel kit"
Love these. Very versatile.
"Water comes out of the brush a bit too fast for me, but they are very practical travel brushes and hold paint well."
Good quality. I like the assortment for differing levels of detail.
love it
I really love this water brush. It's cheaper than other options I looked at so I wasn't sure if I'd be getting a quality item but I was pleasantly surprised. It works really well and is great for travel. It can be a little difficult to figure out the amount of pressure to apply to get the correct amount of water on the brush but it definitely gets easier with practice. Overall I'm very pleased.
"My experience is that Water flows down very quickly, even without pressing. Need to learn the rhythm, but Im wondering if thats normal?"
These water pens are great! an online class I'm taking had them on the list so I ordered and I'm happy I did. Really handy to take with you when you down want to have a water bucket and easy to use with watercolor pencils in adult coloring books.
