"I just purchased a Brother SE-400 computarized sewing and embroidery machine from Ken's Sewing and Vacuum Center via Amazon.com. It arrived within three days. So far, I am VERY pleased with this machine.
Loving embroidery, I decided to purchase the Brother SE-400, as it had all the features I wanted and it was within my price range. Prior to my purchase, I read all the web reviews I could find on the SE-350, as there are barely any reviews yet for the SE-400 (new on the market). Noteworthy is the fact that the SE-350 and the SE-400 are the exact same machines except for the additional computer connectivity that the SE-400 possesses. The SE-400 has a port for computer connectivity and comes with a USB cable which helps connect directly the sewing machine to your computer. This is an advantage over the SE-350 as this feature allows you to upload embroidery designs directly from the web(or your computer) to your machine, and update your machine's operational software from Brother whenever updates occur.
The SE-400 is compact enough, comes with a handle at the top, which makes it truly portable. Even though it is relatively lightweight (compared to my good 40-year old ""all metal"" Kenmore), the SE-400 feels sturdy while sewing and it is a very easy machine to operate. The manuals that came with the machine are very well written and the diagrams easy to follow.  It took me only a few minutes to figure out how this machine operates. I love the self threading feature of the machine, as well as the built-in thread cutter, bobbin sensors, and drop in lower bobbin.
I was also delighted to find out that the embroidery part of the machine has the following built in features: You can reflect an embroidery design; and rotate the design 1 degree, 10 degrees, or 90 degrees at a time.
I appreciated all the enclosed accessories that came with my SE-400. I wished though that it came with an additional large embroidery hoop too, besides the medium hoop.  I guess I will have to buy a large hoop sooner or later, if I am to become more involved with machine embroidery.
The SE-400 is a good choice for a home sewer. I give it a 5-star.
One more note.  If you are looking for a hard carrying case for this machine, I highly recommend the Brother 5300 universal hard carrying case. It is the perfect fit for it."
"I agree with the rave reviews for the se-350 now se-400.... for sewing, it's a dream of an upgrade from my battered but still working brother xr-40 bought from costco @ 10-ish years ago.
for embroidery it's limited as the max hoop size is not very large,and an extra purchase, but fun to play with. I give it 4 stars... it's a great intermediate sewing and beginner embroidery machine.

i purchased this machine (shipped promptly from J&R via Amazon) last month after a lot of research. what i found was.... the brother se-350 was pretty much identical to the brother project runway 6700 machine. the 6700 was recently updated to the 6800, adding 1 usb port, as was the se 350 was upgraded to the se-400 w/ usb port.
 the project runway machines come w/ a roller case, the se models ship w/ vinyl case. se-400 is 100 bucks cheaper than the PR 6800. the se 350 is still shipping for same price as se-400. I advise purchasing the se-400 even if you don't plan on using it w/ your computer currently as brother will be offering system upgrades you will need usb port for.

most software for embroidery sewing/embroidery machines is not Mac compatible so i assumed the usb port would be useless for a while.. Wrong!

connect the se 400 via included usb cable to your Mac, it'll show up as an external hard drive, mine was named 'unknown', I do not advise changing this. then add PES files from your computer by dropping them on the sewing machine/external drive. do not add folders of designs on machine, they must be added one at a time to be recognized. (mac will display pes designs in finder as an image...but I've yet to find any software to edit them...)

Oh, & remember, it only holds 512 kb of data in memory so you can't load all your designs, unless you have a compatible memory card to load in machines slot. and the designs MUST be 4"" by 4"" or smaller or machine will not recognize them. (You can buy a larger hoop size to fit more than one 4 x 4 designs on fabric.)
And have fun!"
Got as a gift and she enjoys it.
"I was impressed on how well the Brother Sewing Machine, SE600 was packaged. They made sure that the unit would be totally and completely protected and not get damaged. I have owned several sewing machines in the past and this is my absolute favorite by a mile.  I love the crystal display and operation panel.  It makes it very easy for me to use. It runs very quiet which is also impressive.  The fact that the needle is self threading is a huge plus as my eyesight isn't  what it used to be. The first test I gave this machine was to hem a pair of heavy blue jeans and it had no problem and didn't bog down like most machines  I have used.  The wide embroidery platform that slides off and on is a big bonus.  Overall this is a top flight machine that should last the rest of my life.  The extras are to numerous to mention one by one, but it is an incredible machine highly recommended"
IN LOVE
It is so simple to use. Very quick and helpful
does have a little bit of a learning curve however the brother website is very helpful we used it to make quite a few christmas gifts and look forward to using it heavily in the future this is a well made machine than worthy of its price
"I have to say up front, this machine is more than I can handle at the moment. I've been using a Singer since I was 16 (the SAME Singer), which was 26 years ago. It's a super basic machine that I've done battle with many a time.

I absolutely LOVE the idea of having a machine that lets me do more things EASILY.

This machine currently allows me to do WAY more than I know what to do with, so let me talk about the basic functions.

Speed control: love it! It has variable speed options that don't rely on me having masterful foot work. once set on one of the speeds it maintains that speed steadily. This is a HUGE thing for me as I've spent years ruining stitches with my unevenly applied foot.

Threading: same as ever, but with clear guides (in case you're even more novice than I am).

Finishing: I really also love the automatic finishing option that tightens with a back-stitch as you go, rather than having to remember later on. It also has this super nifty cutting function that when used in combination with that stitch securing function makes the end of my stitch neat and not the chaotic mess I am used to.

Basic computer programs: this took some time to wrap my head around because I was converting what I'm used to into how this machine is programed. What if I want my stitch wider? What if I want my needle set to the right? How do I get those cute flowers or the alligator? Do not try to figure this out on anything you care about or you'll be miserable.

I want to make pencils/pen holders for my new students next year, so did a prototype whilest trying out all the functions. You can see the pictures. I am not a world-class sewer, I know, but I really appreciate how much easier this machine makes sewing for me.

I DID try the embroidery function. This is not intuitive for me and clearly I know nothing about embroidery, though I am curious to learn. When I read through the manual it mentioned how to address certain fabrics, how to use some kind of water-soluble something...and I thought ""I need to sign up for a class."" I'm much more of a hands on learner that way and this machine isn't intuitive the super novice level that I am.

Overall, pleased with basic performance functions and looking forward to learning to use it to its full capacity!"
Using it for years. Awesome value for the money.
My first sewing machine and it has been easy to use.
working good
"It's perfect, I love it, I arrive earlier than expected."
"This is my first sewing machine, but by no means my first machine, nor first Brother. I have owned a lot of brother products in my day, and while I am still learning to sew (I don't care if it's not masculine, its an industrial art!)-- I've gotten the impression this Brother product is a lot like the others I've owned.

It's well made, not without its flaws, and not meant to be repaired. Overall a good bargain for the price if you know what you're getting into."
My wife loves this machine and it does so much!!!  It works flawlessly.
"The first time I've owned a digital, computerized sewing machine and I absolutely love it. This machine is some great bang for your buck. I am learning to quilt and the stitches available (even some quilting stitches!) are perfect. I love the fact that I can embroider little tags to sew inside projects that say handmade by, etc., and create decorative touches to my projects. Best of all, to me, is the needle up/down on stop function, and the auto thread cut programming is fabulous! I get piecework done in 1/4 of the time now! The learning curve is fairly easy and there is a video on youtube for virtually anything you want to do with this machine."
I love all the stitches it can do!
"<div id=""video-block-R3KB1C6J5N1XGJ"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1VMYsRhFYS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1GPeudyt0S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Super easy to use!"
Great
"My daughter and my mother in law both love to sew and make everything from clothing to purses to costumes.  They are thrilled to have this machine.

I don't know much about sewing or embroidery, but I do know that my daughter and her grandma has been having so much fun with this machine.  They are primarily using this for the embroidery feature because we do have a couple of other sewing machines.  I was not surprised to see how quickly my daughter picked up on the process of using the touch screen and a flash drive to embroider any number of designs -- but, with the ease my mother in law had in learning how to download designs, transfer them to the machine, and create an adorable embroidered design, I can tell this is a user friendly device.  The two of them have found websites where they can download patterns for as little as 25 cents each.  Right now they are in the process of embroidering designs on one corner of each of our sets of sheets:  Star Wars for my youngest, sports theme for my other son, animals and flowers for my daughter, etc.  They have also embroidered fun designs on t-shirts for the little kids in the family and other fun projects.  The embroidery designs really come out looking great.  One of the things they love about this machine is the ease of use.

Before the initial use, there were some items needed at the fabric store.  None of these necessities were hard to find or expensive.

The embroidery unit detaches so the machine can also be used as a basic sewing machine.  It only takes a minute to switch from one use to the other.

Fun and easy to use, high quality, very versatile.  Definitely recommend."
"I got this from Amazon Warehouse and just tried the embroidery functions. Works beautifully! I'm a very happy customer! The condition was rated ""very good"" from the seller. My rating is ""EXCELLENT!"""
"This is a great machine. It's really a good way to start using an embroidery machine, if you're a beginner. It only makes 4x4 designs, but you can add more designs if you have a large piece. I'm really having a lot of fun with this. I have a Mac computer and I had to learn how to download the designs, but once I did that and I learned how to use the stabilizer, I was good to go. One thing to note: the bobbin thread must be either black or white. It's a special thread that is 60 weight that is used only in the bobbin. At Joann they have them on a green spool. You can also order them on Amazon. If you don't use that thread on the bobbin,you will have a lot of trouble. Also, you need embroidery thread that is 40 or 50 weight. I bought 40 spools on Amazon for 25.00. It was a good deal. I also bought the tear away stabilizer from Amazon that works great. I'm having a lot of fun with this machine and I hope you do as well."
Great product
"This thing works as expected.  It comes with some pretty weak needles, so if you are going to sew denim, make sure you get the proper needles.  Otherwise this thing makes it extremely easy to thread it and wind bobbins.  It has been many years since I've last sewn patches or clothes back up and this auto threading the needle is great.  I also tried out the embroidering feature.  It works well and is easy to do.  I embroidered my daughters blanket and she loves it."
"I have been using my new embroidery/sewing machines lately and I absolutely love it, although it's a huge learning curve my the Baby Lock Esante which was super easy.  The stitches are even and I find the machine to be a litter quiet compared to what I'm use to.  I think I will be able to stitch out quite a few items on this machine."
Good machine for the price.
Had to return fue to missing parts. No issues with return.
"Great product,great buy."
Great little machine.
"This sewing/embroidery machine has everything I'll ever need! I am used to using a Brother CS6000i, (a machine I love), which is a non-embroidery machine, but it makes the sewing functions very familiar for me, as they are very similar.
I have started using the embroidery function to do some monogramming on shirts for my son-in-law's business.
There is a bit of a learning curve for me with respect to embroidery, but this machine includes a thorough and comprehensive manual (in both English and Spanish), which is a great help. I purchased a great set of embroidery thread in awesome colors, and a pack of backing material.
The machine is lightweight and portable, has a wonderful touch screen, and allows the addition of patterns on a USB from other sources.
The machine comes complete with many useful tools and accessories, including a variety of feet for regular sewing; buttonholes; various feet for different types of embroidery; bobbins; needles; small scissors; and more.
This is a terrific machine, I highly recommend it.
I have owned various Brother products, both sewing and knitting machines, and have never been disappointed."
Super user friendly. This is my first embroidery sewing machine and it has been super easy to use and learn. If you're a beginner or want something new for your craft skills do it. I love it.
"Let me start by saying that my sewing skills are very basic. I have learned on my own using my grandmother's ancient Singer, which I've used for years to do simple sewing projects.

So this machine is futuristic to me. As someone with limited knowledge of sewing and machines, I was still able to follow the included instruction manual. I've been having lots of fun switching out the different feet and doing decorative stitches. The embroidery attachment was fairly straightforward, and I've done a few designs and names, experimenting on different fabrics.

This machine also includes free technical support for the life of the product, so I feel like if I get in above my head I can receive assistance.
I found the machine to be compact, easy to work with, and pretty quiet.

I'm excited to explore designing my own embroidery using .pes software. When I become more familiar with the machine, I'd like to invest in getting the additional software. I've looked at their site online, and I can download pre-designed pieces to make patches or personalized designs for people. As an artist, however, I just prefer to try my hand at designing my own. There's so much potential with the embroidery abilities of this machine.

I've had a lot of fun so far, experimenting. I feel like I can make anything with it as my skills improve."
Purchase as gift really enjoy
"My sewing skills were developed before computerized sewing became a thing, so I wasn't sure how well I could adapt to this brave new world.

I need not have worried because this sewing machine is awesome,

It sews automatically without the use of the foot pedal!  & all of the options for stitches and embroidery make for increased creativity.

Most importantly, the user guide and built in video ""how to"" works beautifully - this machine would be a winner for any beginner, anyone in need of a refresher, the expert, and for all those who haven't yet experienced the marriage of computers and sewing.  Nothing to fear here.  Give it a try!"
"25 stars out of 5. Absofreakinglutely LOVE this machine. I haven't sewn since I was a kid. The set up took all of 60 seconds. It works so well, it is easy to use, love the digital touch screen. It comes with a USB cord so you can download infinite embroidery designs from the internet. Has many font, stitch, and embroidery designs already set. Everything you need to get started is in the box. It is downright amazing. I definitely recommend this for novice to expert level crafters. I reviewed many machines before purchasing this one, but I am absolutely certain I chose the right one."
Excelente machine!
Not liking this machine.  I have to rethread it almost every time I start sewing or it doesn't sew right.  Had to take it apart to remove a birds' nest of thread. Tip:  use a coin to remove the screws holding the plate on.  I've only had it a little over a month and have never been so frustrated!  I've sewn for many years.
impossible to even load the bobbin.
"<div id=""video-block-R1FABQ0WEL5ZJS"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1Duf9vISGS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81RC8ljSdBS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Wish There were different speeds for winding the bobbin and unfortunately the thread broke but pretty good so far (very comparable to the PE 400 D which was the first machine I got )."
I love this sewing machine!  It is incredible!
love it.
"Love my new machine , don't know a lot about it yet but so far so good ."
"Works fantastic.  My new Go-To machine.  My last one was a Brother as well and I used it till it just wouldn't go any more.  This one is a perfect replacement.  The embroidery feature works perfectly and the instructions are easy and clear - I'm electronically challenged and I made it work perfectly the first try.  The touch screen could be a tad more efficient, but still works easily. Embroidery attachments store easily as they are small. I love every time I get to use this new machine.  The cutting feature is my favorite."
Like the machine
"great machine exactly how it was described ,"
"Mamma lives it and uses often.but there is a learning curve for sure, mamma"
"The Brother SE600 is a great little entry level machine. It is easy to use and comes with the basic accessories. The USB stick isn't included .You can get a list of compatible USB sticks from the Brother web-site. I use a PNY.They make a smaller hoop but it isn't very useful unless you embroider something like collar tips or socks. A larger hoop is SA434 and it gives you more options for making borders or rectangular designs. I have a Brother ULT I use for really large designs but the SE600 has a large selection of built in designs and is perfect for monograms or designs under 4 X 4 inches.  You can find a large selection of free embroidery designs but I buy most of my designs from emblibraryThey have great designs at a reasonable price (also tutorials) and my favorite feature is the ability to visit my order history and download the design again if I lose one.

My favorite features of the SE600 are the automatic needle threader and the touch LED screen. No more nudging your design around until you get it in the right position. They say the workspace has been expanded but this really isn't the best machine for quilting unless its something really small. I use a Pfaff quilt-pro for quilting.

I hate running out of bobbin thread in the middle of a project so I buy bobbins pre-wound with bobbin thread (not regular sewing thread) for embroidery. Unless you are embroidering on something like denim or canvas you will probably need a stabilizer. They come in all types and weight but they are basically tear-away, cut-away and wash-away. Each has its own purpose. There is an easier way to applique than the one in the instruction book. I recommend you go to youtube for tutorials if you are new to machine embroidery.

Bottom line, this is a great little machine for the price."
"I absolutely love this sewing machine. I'm definitely a novice, I taught myself on my aunt's sewing machine and fell in love with it. I wanted a sewing machine that was good but didn't need to sell a kidney to afford. This is it. You can use a foot pedal or just press a button, the automatic needle threader is amazing, super easy bobbin winding, and it gets the job done. The embroidery part I've only played with a few times, but it's super simple to use and embroiders well. Tons of accessories. Definitely watch the little cd/DVD that comes with it if you're new like me, explains all the features very simply and easily."
Words cannot express how impressed I am with this machine! My last machine was 37 years old so the new technology is amazing to me!
"I see other reviewers saying you can get a nearly identical machine for much cheaper from Wal-Mart, but apparently the price here has been reduced to make the difference less extreme... or even, cheaper here. I will just judge this machine for what it is in my review, without consideration of what Wal-Mart is doing.

My wife owns a couple other Brother embroidery machines, including the DZ820E with the larger work area and larger hoop. While she has done all sorts of embroidery work, the most frequent projects are embroidering names onto martial arts uniforms. She also owns several regular sewing machines, including Brother, Janome and Singer brands, and a serger, and has sometimes worked as a professional seamstress doing alterations, repairs, and even making clothing from scratch for customers.

Compared to her older embroidery machines, the color display screen on this one is a major step forward. It is larger, more detailed, and much nicer to look at. It shows thread colors and estimated embroidery times. My wife says she can do most embroidery operations right out of the box, without reading the manual much, because of the user-friendly screen. Of course her previous experience doesn't hurt, either.

This machine will import embroidery patterns by USB stick, but the built-in embroidery designs are especially nice. My wife did a star design that is really outstanding in its lacy beauty. The machine also does lettering in various fonts, and includes letters with the little ""tweaky-marks"" over them, as used in some European languages/alphabets.

But the most outstanding feature to me is the built-in Japanese characters. This machine does both the katakana and hiragana character sets, plus many kanji. My family has many connections to Japan, I have lived for years in Japan myself, plus there is some interest among certain martial arts people to have Japanese characters on their uniforms, so this to me is a very fun and useful ability.

This machine, of course, also does regular sewing and is capable of various fancy stitches. My wife reports that it sews better on thin stretchy fabrics than any of her other machines.

The biggest drawback to this machine is the smaller embroidery hoop with its limited work area. This is a pretty significant shortcoming, yet I will go with 5 stars for the overall versatility, the user-friendly screen and operation, the outstanding embroidery function, the Japanese characters, and the moderate price."
Great unit for the price.  It provides me with capabilities that I didn't have in my more expensive machine.
Very happy with it so far.  Brother has been helpful responding to my questions.
works great
"I've had the machine for about a month now.  I'm  giving it a 5 star rating because of sewing features, price and warranty.  So far, I have
made many small items but haven't tried the embroidery yet.  I love the manual and have referred to it many times.  Actually,
 I was able to copy it right after I placed my order.  Oh yeah,  After I decided on the SE400, I blew up the image, and was thrilled
with the beauty of the machine--PURPLE!!!  I was sewing a project with heavy nylon fabric and decided not to stress out my brand new machine.  So I got out my old work horse and installed a wedge type needle and special roller foot.  It would not stitch right.  Put the same needle and a Teflon foot on my new baby and it sewed beautifully.  (the SE 400 has more teeth in the feed dog)  Also I love the
throat plate because it has a 5/8""  line.  Got used to the needle down feature really quick. I wasn't looking for one step buttonholes.
That was a bonus to have perfect buttonholes quickly.  Can you tell? I am very happy!!!"
"I bought this after my moms machine let out its final stitch after 40+ years of service. This machine seems quite dummy proof, and wow what a difference in technological capabilities 40+ years have made in sewing machines. You almost can operate this machine by thought alone, and a few pokes of your finger, but wow. I'm unsure if it will last 40+ years, but if it does, I'm sure the next one I use will be thought driven."
LOVELY MACHINE
"I am a beginning sewer, but a very fast learner, so I wanted to invest in a more intermediate machine.  I did quite a bit of research going into this purchase because I wanted a machine I could grow into, not out of, quickly, which also offered the ability to embroider.  I LOVE my Brother SE400!  It was very simple to learn the basics on this machine, and the embroidering is great for beginners because it is simple and user friendly.  I will say, it is a bummer you can only do 4x4 embroidery because when you find out how fun/easy it is, you will quickly want to invest in a bigger embroidery machine (I have not done so, but I think about it often...).  I was able to make my first quilt on this machine, not even one year into sewing.  I created the top (a simple four patch), quilted it (a simple stitch in the ditch) with a medium weight batting, regular cotton backing, and even did the binding with a mitered corner.  It was not easy to do the quilting with the top, batting, and backing.  I had to really ease my tension, and push/pull it through, but it turned out great for my first quilt, and Im happy I was able to do it all with this machine!  I am so happy I invested in this machine, as it will last me a very long time!"
"Still learning all the wonderful things this sewing/embroidery machine can do. I am really having fun with the embroidery. Ive do fun shirts for a group of girlfriends, jeans, and pillowcases. Its a great sewing machine!"
"I should have believed the reviews. I gave this machine to my girlfriend as a gift. After owning it three months and using it merely 20 times, it's broken. Now we must take it to the repair shop. I will be going to a local dealer for electronic purchases from now on. I really just want my money back."
"I purchases this machine solely for its embroidery feature.  I've never done machine embroidery and wanted to try it out.  The first machine that I received had a self-threader that did not work.  I had to send it back and get another machine.  I had preordered my thread, stabilizer and needles, so I was pretty much ready to go when the machine got here.  All in all, I like it.  It would be a great machine for someone who just wants to do a little bit of embroidery here and there, and doesn't need a large amount of space.  Unfortunately, I found out that that's not me, so I already want to upgrade.  The problems with this machine are this:  Number one, it does not have USB capabilities.  Therefore, to download designs to the machine you have to actually connect your computer to it.  This is cumbersome, and is OLD technology.  Number two, it does not have a color screen.  Because the screen is black and white, you can't tell what your designs are, hardly at all.  It can be very frustrating.  Number three:  This machine is SLOW.  It stitches 400 stitches per minute.  If you have a design that is 20,000 stitches (which isn't uncommon), and have several thread changes, it could take you well over an hour to finish ONE design.  That's okay if you're just doing one once in awhile.  Number four:  This machine will only embroider a space 4x4 (or actually 100 mm x 100 mm).  I found myself wanting a larger space to play with almost immediately.  (You CAN buy a repositional hoop that allows you to do a space that is 4x6.9.  But adjustments need to be made in the software that you are using.)  MY ADVICE:  If you are really wanting to do just embroidery, buy at LEAST a PE770.  It has a space of 5x7, and stitches 650 spm.  You won't get ""hoop envy"" quite as quickly as I did.

FYI:  Others have mentioned that this is not a cheap hobby.  IT IS NOT.  You will need at the very least thread, needles, stabilizer, and software.
THEN you will want to download designs to stitch out.  Some designs can be found for free or cheap on the web.  Others are costly.  It just depends on what you want.

SO . . . if you are wanting to do a little bit of embroidering, or need a sewing machine, too, this is a great choice.  If you are wanting to do LOTS of embroidery (like me!) or perhaps sell things at craft fairs, think about a more powerful machine.  You'll be better served by one."
"I'm a total beginner and had no idea which sewing machine to get. I read a lot of reviews to make the decision on this one. After using it for a few months I've found that I just simply love it! I haven't had any issues whatsoever and it has done everything I've needed it to. It's very user friendly! I think there is a lot of room for user error with any sewing machine, so I'm always very careful about making sure I'm using the appropriate settings/materials etc for whatever I'm doing. Watched a TON of how to videos, which made a huge difference. It was also helpful to know that it's ideal to have a service center close by just in case if you do get one of these. I haven't even used the embroidery yet but I'm excited to get into that as well!! I'm loving making anything and everything!"
"I just finished putting this machine through it's paces by making a casual buttondown shirt out of a heavy quilting cotton and a pair of lined wool dress trousers - and I'm pleasantly surprised!  I have previously used a vintage Singer machine for all straight stitching, a cheap Brother (XR4040) for anything other than straight stitches, and a Brother 1034D for serging.  I was pleasantly surprised with the stitch quality of the machine, the ease of using the embroidery features, how smoothly and quietly it runs, and the general overall quality.  It comes with just the right amount of accessories (I added a walking foot)...but it would be nice if it included an invisible zipper foot and a rolled hem foot or a binding foot.  These are cheap and plentiful on Amazon though.

Pros:
-Quiet/Smooth
-Cheap/Excellent Value
-Much easier to use than previous SE400
-Great stitch quality
-Thread cutter works great and pulls threads to the bottom side
-It embroiders (would be worth this price even if it didn't)
-surprisingly powerful (went through ~10 layers of heavy quilting cotton and interfacing with minimal fuss)

Cons:
-Probably won't last as long as my 1934 Singer, but it still feels like it will last plenty long
-Horizontal thread with caps are a pain (I use bigger cones/king spools and put them in a glass/mug behind the machine and skip the pin
-Embroidery is only 4x4
-No included software for embroidery and included designs are mediocre (I am using Stitch Era Universal instead)
-Doesn't stitch as fast as an industrial machine
-Feed dogs aren't the best (average for a home machine, not as good as a true straight stitch machine, walking foot helps)"
Wonderful machine.  Like it a lot
"I'm not a complete newb at sewing. My skill comes mostly by hand sewing my whole life at which I am now almost 32. I've struggled with machines because of extremely old or cheap/tiny sewing machines if I was lucky to get one.

This machine has changed my perspective of enjoying sewing large projects. The guide book is great, very detailed and easy to navigate. The quick guide book is amazingly helpful if you're intimidated about set up. I used the onscreen guide first time use and that was immensely helpful. Using this machine for sewing and embroidery is fun and easy. I believe this machine is great for beginners to start getting serious about their craft."
The wife has been enjoying this machine. Will update as needed.
It is good
"As my starter embroidery machine... it's great! Its easy to use, easy to understand and very beginner friendly.  The downside is that the 4x4 hoop is quite small."
"Holy smokes this is amazing. The machine is not only an upgrade for my 8 year old brother cr5500prw but its also an upgrade to my studio.
The machine is incredibly user friendly. Didnt know there were tutorials programmed into the machine itself! I love the features like the self threading and the needle drop thingy and the bobbin having its own CUTTER. Wow. I executed my first patch and it took 10 mins to figure out everything. Get this machine now. You won't be sorry."
Bought this and was not impressed. I had a little $99.00 singer sewing machine that was better. Wish I would have gotten a better machine even if more money.
"I have only word to say. Amazing. Mu husband want to buy me a good sewing machine and he found this. It is not just a sewig machine but it come with embroidery also. I Love It A Lot. BUT ONLY BAD PART IS IT IS SO LIMITED FOR DESIGN and I have to pay for it. I hope that I can have program to convert the pictures. Overall, I Love It."
"I have used this to make a lot of quilts, tote bags, hot pads and table runners and it has done a great job."
"Great. Be careful though. The packaging does not hide what it is and Amazon will just leave it at the door for everyone to see your $300 sewing machine. Also, it comes with a LOT of stuff inside with so much plastic and wrapping it felt like a waste. As for how it works, it is nice. Very heavy."
Nice machine quite and runs great
I love the ease of use with this sewing machine but the embroidery side could stand to offer more placement options like vertical embroidery for names
Love my sewing/embroidery machine!
This machine is so easy to use and works beautifully.
Good heavy duty machine. Works as it should.
really good so far will update if otherwise
"I like the many features that makes it easier to quilt such as the thread cutter, the digital screen that provides assistance for embroidery as well as for regular stitching to name a few treasured features.  I dislike the fact that the machine is so small that it does not provide a large opening through which I can feed the portion of my quilt that is not being quilted."
Just awesome. I did a lot of research before I made a decision and it was the RIGHT decision. Fantastic machine. I couldn'the be happier.
"I love my embroidery machine, it took some experimenting with different thread and stabilizers, and now that I know what I am doing it sews beautifully. I hardly have to do anything, I hit the button and it just goes.
I found the manual to be really helpful. But the thread that came with my machine seemed to be low quality, so definitely buy your own! That is really the only negative thing I can think of. Overall, wonderful machine for anyone looking to embroider at home for a low price."
Great product i am a beginner and it made everything so easy. Love it
Good machiene!!!
Awesome machine
"Bought this Brother SE400 for my adult daughter for Christmas.  She wanted to learn how to monogram linens, baby items, gifts, etc., but had no experience sewing.  She was up and running, downloading apps, monogramming in less than an hour! Said it was so easy.  She has since learned to appliqu and even taught herself to sew using her Brother SE400.  This has provided a creative outlet that she dearly loves.  The machine does all the work and the results look so professional! she says. In less than 2 months, she has an online side business going and is having such fun!"
"Hated it, it won't embroider right and none of the patterns i bought work"
This product was perfect for me as a beginner. it was so user friendly I out grew it  and have since then upgraded thanks for my start and the great return policy of champions!
works fine
"I am absolutely obsessed with this machine! It is so easy to use!! If you know how to set up a sewing machine, you can set this baby up! It embroiders so beautifully and pretty quickly! It does take a little bit of practice, but once you get used to it, it's a breeze!!"
"Worked ok at first. Then could not use usb to connect to new computer. Not enough memory on machine as verified by a computer tech I had look at it
Then it chewed up my embroidery thread and never worked have to  send back Ive had 2 brothers and sewed for 50 years. Maybe a lemon."
I love my new embroidery machine. This is my first one and it works beautifully. Very easy to understand instructions.
Love it !!!!!! Now I have a spare in case I need it.
I am just now learning all of the things that go along with this machine and loving it even more
I can't say enough good things about this machine. It is a great intro into embroidery. I have made suits since high school and used many sewing machine.  This one is very high on the top of my list. You won't be dissapointed.
"Super pissed, just got all my goodies out of the box and set up. I've been without a machine for far too long. Got a whole box of embroidery threads, set up embroidery part of machine and there is NO HOOP!!!!!! It says it is suppose to come with one, can't when try out my new toy. Who knows what kind of headache it's going to be to get it now. Probably just have to buy one"
"Love this machine! Simple to use. User manual for embroidery functions could be better, but many how to videos on you tube to fill in the blanks."
My 1st embroidery machine & so eady to understand.  Great for a starter !  Thank you!!
This is the best machine ever especially for a new embroiderer to more experienced. The flexibility  to allow it to go back to a regular sewing machine is very easy. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anybody
"This was my second attempt at liking this machine. The first machine I purchased made uneven stitches and kept bunching up the fabric underneath while I was trying to sew a quilt with 3 pieces of fabric and batting.  Which I used to do lots of on my 15 year old machine. I loved all the reviews on this machine, especially the automatic threader and the auto thread cutter.  The threader only worked once.  It was difficult to thread myself after that.  I tried calling Brother at 830pm and they said they were closed, even though the website says 9pm.  So I emailed them my issues and 2 days later they sent back a replay with a response to a link off the website with a page of the manual, that I already tried.  I finally got a hold of someone in customer service after I told her my problems with the machine she kept going over all these questions: did you try this or that. She said that I have to use Brother products only in order to get it to work like needles and thread. She told me to take it to a warranty place that was an hour and 15 minutes away. I contacted the warranty place and they only had 1 person that did service only 1 day a week and since I didn't get my machine there they couldn't guarantee that they could fix my brand new machine that I only had for 2 months.  The repair place said, but you can bring it with the original receipt and we can look at it.... sure, Ill drive an hour and 15 minutes for that. I gave up and I was able to get a replacement from amazon.  I got the new machine and the thread dogs were doing the same thing but what was even better this time the machine squeaked and the bobbin threader kept eating my thread and not threading correctly.  So needles to say I returned this machine again, only this time for a refund and I went with old reliable Singer.  I gave this 2 stars because it does have some great designs and it is a pretty machine, just didn't work for me.... twice."
"Very impressed with this machine.  Got it for the laundry room in a nursing home.  It has been put to the test every since it came in.  It was shipped fast, and easy to use.  I would recommend the Brother SE400 to anyone that wants a sturdy product that will last some time."
Never stays in the right tension I have made maybe 5 things that actually turned out looking right.
"If I was able to give negative stars I would!! I Got a new SE400 a month ago, the cutting arm kept getting stuck in the upward position. Because the machine was brand new, I decided I shouldn't have to keep a machine with issue right after purchasing it.  I sent it back and asked for a replacement. I set up the new one and tried to start sewing; it threw a F05 code that requires service. I never even got to use the machine and it requires service??? I called Brother to find out what they could do to make up for two brand new defective machines in less than a month; they said the best they could do was offer me a free $10 embroidery design. WOW!!! This is what your business means to Brother! I guess you know where they can stick their machines!!"
Wonderful
she is now my ex
I love this machine. Still learning what all it can do.
I bought this as a Christmas present for my girlfriend and she is very happy with it. However it has taken her some time to get the tension correct to keep from breaking needles
"Nice quality for home use. Not a professional grade, but its not expected to be. We are still getting used to each other. Does not come with a case but thats ok for me since I have a cabinet."
"I sew a lot, quilts dresses and crafts. This sewing machine helps me do all of that. I am very well satisfied"
"I've been sewing all my life.  I've had 2 Elnas, a Pfaff, a Kenmore, and a Bernina.  This machine is comparable to the best, and very low price!!  Threading it is so easy!  Best system ever!  I have a couple little quibbles with the slowness and finickityness of the reverse stitch, but maybe I'll get used to it and perform it better.  I'm not understanding all the different zig zag stitches, BUT I have not even glanced at the manual, so all in all I would say this thing is super easy to learn."
"I have enjoyed sewing everyday with my Brother SE400,  It was so easy to sew with and embroidery.  I have a project runway brother also glad I do..."
Birthday prez 4 me!! IIt! I don't have the instructional manual tho! Only ESPANOL
I love this machine. Even if I didn't embroider this machine is worth it just because of the bobbin threading feature and the needle threading feature. Great buy!
"My husband bought this as an upgrade from a 1980s model I'd been given. This machine is great! I haven't had a chance to try everything out yet, but it's already easy to operate and I love all of the different options. I look forward to learning how to use all of the operations, and I can tell it won't be terribly complicated."
This is the second SE400 I have bought.  Mine is 4 years old and this one was a gift for my daughter.  This little machine is amazing both as a sewing & embroidery machine.  The only down fall is the 4X4 embroidery size.  I bought a larger hoop and staggered my designs if I wanted to make something larger.  Love this machine!
"There was no Embroidery Hoop in the sewing machine.
Returns are annoying.
Be careful"
"I love love love this sewing machine. It is by far better than any  I have owned in my life, even better than the Pfaff I purchased many years ago, which needed constant servicing. This Brother sews so easily, and is always ready for action. The hand controls for speed of sewing are wonderful, as I am in a wheelchair. I couldn't be happier! Now just to learn how to use all the cool parts and abilities of the machine!

Before this Brother, I had one I purchased for Christmas 2009--it was not as fancy a model of Brother, and was not as heavy a machine; it would slide around the table while I was trying to sew. That made it pretty difficult for me to use. This one, however, is very solid in comparison, and is a keeper. All of the fancy bells and whistles (threading needle, winding the bobbin, cutting thread) work and are easy to use!"
So far so good. Wife loves it
Works great and very easy to use. Another great Brother products. Check out YouTube for great tutorials
"I love the machine.  I just wish it would be able to use larger hoops.  The largest it will take is a 4x4.
As for how the machine works I love it."
Side cutting bar broke off.  Auto thread cutter only works part of the time.  Has to be re-threaded often.  Been using for a year or so now & its ok but not great
"Bought this for my wife for her birthday, she absolutely loves this product. I don't know much about it but she raves about it all the time and was excited to show her friends how well it works"
I really like this sewing machine but it is too difficult to remember all the little operating details.
Best investment ever!
First one broken while sawing over leather
Machine is very good once you figure out how to use it!! Built in designs are very limited. Need to purchase software in order to be able to use it efficiently. Had problems with thread and needles breaking constantly can could not get through a design. I again had to purchase additional item (stand alone thread stand) in order for machine to work right. It now works like a charm but just be prepared to buy additional items for it to work correctly and have beautiful designs Also need to buy additional needles to have on hand cause mine was breaking quite often till i found out what the problem was with the thread pulling through the machine too quick and bunching up causing needles and thread to break.
Great machine. Definitely a learning curve to operate.  To steal from an old commercial. This isn't my moms Singer. Has features I never thought I would get on a sewing machine for this price.
"Can't wait to get started, still in the box waiting for my table to arrive."
"I was eager to use this machine as soon as I got it, but I waited until I had some time to go over the manual!  I am glad I did,  even though it has the self threading assembly, I still struggled a bit with the thread!  My fat fingers just didn't want to push the thread through the hoop which feeds the needle.  Using a pair of tweezers solved this issue rapidly.  Now my only issue is my eyesight,  guess old age means I need to use that spy magnifying glass!  WARNING:  Do not push or pull fabric while stitching, it WILL break the needle.  I broke two trying to maneuver my fabric from side to side.  Looking for stronger steel needles that fit this machine!"
"Hi, i got the machine, but when it came the needle was broken"
love it!
Easy to use and understand. Works very well and produces great embroidery work.
bought for the Daughter in Law and she loves it. A lot of instructions so read before playing with it
If you use a lot become worn out quick and seem to breakdown easy.  Did find parts online at a decent rate if you feel capable of fixing yourself.  One problem is if patterns use a lot of colors and they pile up the machine has trouble making its way through them
Wife and daughter both like it
Great for beginners.
I cannot say enough about this machine! Used it the first day it arrived and have not stopped. No issues when sewing or embroidering. #1 recommendation!!
Thank you so much. Its just what I expected
"I am a beginner sewer, like, never even used a sewing needle to repair a hole kind of beginner. I got this as a gift for Christmas and I LOVE IT. It is fairly easy to use, as I have been able to teach myself. It has a few of built in ""video"" tutorials that walk you through step by step which is very helpful for getting started. It has a HUGE and informative manual..... everything came packaged well. Im thoroughly impressed and LOVE my new machine."
"It is a disposable machine , it worked for 3 times and gave me headache. I do not recommend it.
I wish I can return it."
"I bought this machine at a ""big box"" store. I love it! The versatility of it is wonderful! I had never used an embroidery machine prior to purchasing this. Its very user friendly. I would say the only draw back is that the only sized hoop you can use with it is the 4 x 4. Still a great, sturdy, long lasting and user friendly machine!"
"When I got the machine I was so excited to get to work right away. The first night of using it my needle broke. Replaced the needle. I was only embroidering letters onto fabric. I did all the troubleshooting, watched YouTube videos, read directions... you name it I did it. I wanted to make sure it was all installed properly and from my research it was. I also made sure the needle I was using was the correct needle for the fabric. Everything was correct and lined up.
The next day I started embroidering the letters again and the second needle broke.
I spent hours with this machine. Finally I told myself that for what I was needing it for, it just isn't worth my time I will be putting into it. Another issue I noticed is the embroidery was sloppy and not really neat.
I sent the machine back and disappointed it is not what I was hoping for."
"The SE600 is the same machine as the SE625, which sells for $350 at a major discount store and includes a disk with 100 more images (the Project Runway edition, LB7000PRW has not been released as of January 2018).  The SE625's gold color scheme is NMS, and I like buying from Amazon, so I would have preferred to buy the SE600, but the price difference is just too big.

Both the SE600 and 625 are a huge leap forward, technologically speaking, for Brother's entry-level sewing and embroidery machines and render obsolete the SE400, SE425, LB6800, etc.  The biggest update is the 3.1"" color LED screen, with on-screen editing (which many of the $1K + machines still don't have), and the direct USB port (SE 400 and other older models have a 2.7""*1.4"" black and white screen and either no USB or a USB that requires a computer connection).  It is very easy to add designs using the USB port,  and previously, this was a feature only on the high end Brother machines, so it alone is worth the slight markup in price. Other updates include an increase in built-in stitches from 67 to 103 and a very small increase in weight from 13.69 lbs to 14.33.  The remaining specifications are identical to the SE400:  710 stitches/minute, 7 feed dogs, 10 buttonhole styles, automatic needle threading and cutting, and a 25 year limited warranty.  Since the SE400 is selling for close to the same price as the SE625, the SE625  should be an easy choice, though it is regrettable Amazon has not matched competitor pricing."
"OBSESSED!  GREAT machine for the price.  I have upgraded to an 800 series Brother because I had the $$.  But when I was on a tighter budget, I bought this and I LOVED it.  I made SOOOO many fun things.  Easy to use!"
"I have had this for about a month, and I love it. It is really quiet, and very easy to use.  I have only used it for sewing so far, but my daughters boyfriend had it embroidering the day we got it, he made a few designs that looked nice."
"Ive been sewing off and on for 3 years and this is my 3rd machine. My first was an entry level very basic Huskvarna. Second was a Singer Athena. This my first embroidery machine. It is smaller, weighs less and quieter than my Singer. It feel solid and appears to be well made. It has a ton of pieces and parts, came with tiny scissors, screwdriver, several different feet, a button hole thingy. Several items I have no idea what they do. I threw them in a ziplock bag to look through later.
I am sewing very thick snuggle fleece and my Singer was giving me problems with sewing through thick areas. This machine has no problem sewing through the thick fleece.
So after finishing that project I had to try the embroidery. I skimmed through some videos... thinking yada, yada okay I got this... Well the hoop thing is very difficult to get fabric centered and for it to stay together  without popping off. Took me a good 30 minutes and I thought about throwing it across the room at least once. I found that its easier to do, if you stand up and press the hoop together over a table. Also the stablizer it comes with is worthless, I did chuck it across the room. If you watch a video and flip through the book, its not to hard to figure out how to embroider. I did a name and some initials. Not to shabby and I adjusted the top tension a little but nothing I couldn't easily adjust by looking in the manual.
It sews very slowly. So my husband suggested I google it. Well it took me to the Brother website and I discovered there is slider bar on the front of the machine. Its not marked well and who wants to read an entire manual to figure out what that slider thingy does. I would have preferred some words like slow or fast or perhaps a rabbit and a turtle.
The threading is way more complicated than my Singer. Glad I know how to manually thread a sewing machine. Because manually threading the whole up- down and around here there thing gets old.  But if you pull the thread over a certain way and pull the leaver it will thread the needle in the foot down position. Which is weird to me because I always thread my machine first, then place item under the needle. Also the default needle setting is to the left. Again thats weird and my first few hems were spirals while I am getting used to it. Also my Singer automatically pulled the needle up when you stopped sewing. This machine stops needle down (Im hoping I don't break a needle before I get used to this).
Things I like:
It does a bunch of stuff and has lots more features. Like embroidery for under $300 on a competitors website.
It seems to be nicer than my Singer and better made.
It very quiet and little to no vibration. I can have a conversation while sewing without having to raise my voice.
Things I don't like:
Threading it.
Needle down when you stop sewing.
Changing to the embroidery foot was really confusing the first time."
"new to sewing , this machine has been great!"
This sewing machine is amazing. It sews great and has lots of stiches. I love the embroidery feature and the fact that I can download more designs. Its just as described and im very happy with my sewing machine
This machine was not worth the money. It's frozen/jammed more times than it has worked as an embroidery machine. Won't be purchasing another Brother ever again.
Excellent performance and excellent value.
"Love the machine, very light.. cant wait to learn how to use it!"
"Got the SE625 which is the exact same model through Jet, significantly less expensive and absolutely awesome. Would recommend. (Paid about $360.00, best money I've spent in a while) I think walmart also sells it!

Embroidery is easy, sewing is easy, everything feels easy with this thing."
"Works for my daughter's 1st sewing machine.  It is very ""plastic"" feeling."
"1 star because Walmart sells SE625 which is the same exact model, but includes a software DVD with additional fonts, alphabets and such, plus it's almost $100 less ($389). Wish I noticed that sooner. Returning SE600 and buying  SE625 from Walmart."
The SE600 is very nice. The problem is both the Quick Guide and Instruction Manual I received is in Spanish. I gave this to my 10 year old Granddaughter for her birthday and it was very difficult to get started. I am very disappointed that I now have to contact Brother for English directions. Totally unacceptable!!!
"Well Maria Hurricane came at the next day that I bought it, and have to leave my house. But the machine is totally new and I could not return it because I had no answer of the vendor."
"Wife over the moon with it, just had to purchase 110 volt transformer to use in the U.K. still saved a bomb compared to european version!"
"This machine is a beast of a beauty! I love it. Threads needle for you, drop in bobbin, instruction book and CD included. All videos are also on YouTube for easy access! Im loving sewing again.  Very easy to start sewing as soon as you take it out of the box. What more can I say? Get one! You deserve a new sewing machine thats digitally up to date. My old machine of 30 years just stopped working and change was scary for me but after I took it out of the box and set it up, I said to myself, you should have ordered a new machine years ago! Did I tell you I love it?"
"Unfortunately the tension isn't accurate enough to create a uniformly tight stitch. Makes for crappy embroidery. Bought one, returned it, tried another, returned it."
"I've had this machine for 18 months now.  The first year I didn't do much with it because I didn't have time.  I started in May of this year working on embroidering squares for a quilt as well as dressing up some of my tops.  It has been one problem after another:

1.  The upper thread constantly gets wrapped around the spool and causes tension on the needle which causes it to become mis-aligned which has cause several to bend and/or break.  I can't begin to tell you how many needles I've had to replace.  It's unreal!

2.  Even if the hoop is a 5x7 it will only allow you to upload a pattern that is at max 3.93 x 3.93 inches.  So why even bother with making the machine capable of using a 5x7 hoop?  Misleading I feel.

3.  The upper thread will wind itself around the bobbin on a regular basis.  I've researched google up and down and have corrected anything that I could find either in the manual, youtube and/or other sources and it still happens.  Just happened today and I've ruined 3 tops already because the material won't move like it should and a knot forms under the bobbin plate.  It's too big to pull out plus you have to pull it out before you can correct the amount of upper thread that has wrapped itself around the bobbin.  I'm in a catch-22 situation here so I have to cut the top in order to get to the problem.  Needless to say now there is a hole I can't do anything with and I'm too frustrated with the machine in order to continue.  I tripled up on the stabilizer in case it was caused by the material being too thin and it still happened to the 3rd top.

4.  I don't feel I've used this machine enough to have to get it serviced and I'm certainly NOT going to throw good money after bad to see if that will correct anything.  The machine cost around 350 and it costs 130 just for the service company to look at it much less correct anything that is wrong.  So no not going to spend more on it.

I'm done.

If you're thinking about this machine think again.  Make sure you would be happy with spending the money necessary to correct problems--plus make sure you have a service company in an area you're willing to go to because I forgot to add above that I have to drive an hour to get it to the closest reputable place to have it serviced.

Also if you genuinely want to do this look into getting a machine that is a little more expensive in order to have access to larger designs plus one of the more pricey-er machines might give you better bang for your buck.  This machine?  FORGET ABOUT IT!"
"I have had this machine for 10 months, and have used it on a regular basis as an embroidery machine. The machine stitches out nicely and is fairly easy to use. Unfortunately, twice over the last 11 months I have had the same issue. During normal use (no thick layers, etc.) the bobbin case has become loose and unbalanced, making it impossible to sew and triggering the safety warning. The first time it was covered under warranty and I am expecting for this time to be as well. While I appreciate that it is covered, this issue is occurring due to quality issues. I owned another Brother machine (cs6000) which despite its low price, was a workhorse of a machine and held up to quilts, canvas, heavy duty zippers, and anything else I threw at it. I was hoping for the same quality with this machine, but unfortunately it seems to have issues that cannot hold up to even normal wear and tear."
"Love it, I just haven't gotten around to using it yet."
"This machine does a lot but doesnt do one thing very good.  First the machine has: many stitches to choose from, lots of accessories like feet, and the ability to embroider.  I picked this machine because it had these features.  Unfortunately, I found out that this brother machine along with other brother machines in the same price range suck when it comes to thick fabric or if Im sewing multiple layers.  Ive done everything I can to get it to work with these fabrics from making sure I have appropriate needles for think fabric to making sure my foot is level.  Ive been on other brother machines and all of them did not sew or barely were able to sew through thick material.  I ended up grabbing a Singer 4411 for my thick material.  Then, I wanted to do some embroidery.  I was able to sew on just single layer cotton just fine but when I tried to embroider on hats the machine croaked.  I have seen it done on YouTube using this machine but it just kept jamming up for me.  Lastly, the machine does have a couple of features that are useful and thats a step by step instruction on the lcd to do things like winding a bobbin or threading machine and it has an auto thread lever that will thread the needle for you.  As far as the auto threaded I was told by a couple people not to rely on it b/c thats usually the first thing to go out on this machine. Overall, I wouldnt recommend this machine even for a beginner.  For just sewing, I would recommend something like the Janome.  For embroidery, I cant recommend a good machine just not this one if you're doing more than a simple small embroidery on a light/medium weight fabric."
"I purchased this machine quite some time ago. I haven't had much time to use this sewing machine, but look forward to creating a lot of beautiful things with it. I am hoping to learn how to use the embroidery part in the near future.

I like the machine, but seem to have some operator error problems with getting the bobbin in correctly, but am confident I will get the hang of it.

I look forward to many happy hours of use."
And I absolutely love it!
I made wedding hankies on this. Folks loved the embroidery and workmanship.  It did a great job and I had fun embroidering. Easy to figure out. Affordable embroidery machine doing a good job for the money.
Wonderful
You need to do your research and listen to other users because if you don't you will be upset but if you order the right supplies it works flawlessly.
Fantastic sewing machine. I love it.
"Let me start by saying that I am a HUGE Brother fan.  I have an older Brother sewing machine, Brother serger that replaced a Singer, and my husband bought a Brother printer that has replaced another brand based on my experience with Brother.  I've recommended Brother many times over and will continue with a caveat.

I have had this particular model about 1 1/2 years ago.  My older Brother is going on 15 years old and still running beautifully.  I purchased the SE400 thinking that I was upgrading my sewing experience.  It is nice that it has an embroidery feature and am learning.  The problem comes in with the actual sewing of items, and it doesn't seem to matter what thread, needle or fabric I'm using.  The tension has yet to be correct.  Not sure why I'm having such difficulties and am not afraid to say its user error but have never had a problem with my older Brother sewing machine.

What happens is the bobbin thread shows through on the top regardless again of thread, tension, needle, or fabric.

I've searched, read, watched, asked questions about the tension on the SE400 and everything says that the bobbin is preset and there are no other adjustments necessary except for the dial up top.

Don't necessarily feel I've wasted my money as I've learned much through my research and have found that upgrading isn't always best.  I do, however, feel cheated out of having a new sewing machine that handles all my needs and keep my older one as a backup.  The older Brother is an XR-7700.

Can anyone help me so that I might be able to increase the rating and actually enjoy my ""new"" sewing machine?"
I use it and love it!  Works great no issues from the day I got it.
"I will rate this as poorly handled by Amazon.  I have a ""lemon"" of a machine and this has been verified by the local repair place as well as friends who sew and embroider professionally.  I have tried everything and Amazon will not replace my machine or help in any possible way.  These machines are mass produced and yes there are some SE 400's that operate as expected but this machine is truly a disappointment but even equally disappointing is the lack of customer service from Amazon to make this right.  I am a Prime customer and a customer who buys from Amazon almost weekly and sometimes numerous purchases a week.  I have embroidery orders to complete with this machine this week for friends and customers as well as my own items over the holidays for our kids and I cannot do anything with it.  I bought this machine barely over a year ago and Amazon will not help me at all.  I completed hundreds of items when I took the machine out of the box but few have been completed without complications.  The issues became increasingly more common and it no longer functions.  It's useless."
very good product
Purchased this machine for mobility to take back and forth to quilt class.  So far I am happy about with it.  My main reason for purchasing was the automatic needle threading which I am happy with.  Bonus of automatic thread cutter.  Have not tried the embroidery  yet on this machine so can't comment.  Only problem is the needle position when you turn it on is not in the center and you have to remember to move to correct location before starting to sew; last class I broke two needles
Its a Christmas gift. Will let you know
"I bought this to replace my older Brother SE400.  This new model embroiders really nicely and is easy to use.  I love that it has a port for a memory stick so you can easily load any pattern or name.  I use Amazing Designs lettering software because I mostly embroider names.  I can easily use the Amazing Designs software to create a name then just transfer it via the memory stick to the new Brother Embroidery machine.  The older models have a similar feature but you have to use a cord to transfer the designs, which was difficult since my computer was in a different room."
"I bought this used 4 months ago and I am satisfied with the performance. I use the embroidery component alot. I am able to download my embroidery designs without additional software. Plug and play basically. Larger designs do take more time to embroider but the quality is satisfactory. The look is professional. The included needles embroider wonderfully.
The sewing machine works well. I have used most of the feet and the machine operates as it should. The machine allows you to:
-sew without using the foot pedal
-cut the thread without a scissors
-thread the needle easily with the auto threader
The machine is able to sew through thick, folded canvas material.  You can always hand crank if needed.  The speed was a bit slow when needing a designer stitch.  The auto threader did not work at times. I am told that you should ensure the knob is at 12 o'clock for the threader to function properly.
As the need for faster stitching draws near, I will look into a machine that can handle multiple spools of thread as well as a offer a faster motor.
Great machine overall."
"I love the sewing machine, but it's broken after 7 weeks use. The dog feed is frozen and won't sew forward
 TECHNICIAN NEEDED"
"I finally got this after 2 months of tedious research. Here are some pointers that might help customers using this out of U.S.

1. Though brother does not recommend using a transformer -  this is the only option if you buy a US only brother machine. The only thing I would recommend is to get a HIGH end transformer. I am using this in the Maldives where the standard power output is 220V/50Hz. The setting on the SE400 is 120V/60Hz/0.67A, Power=80.40Watts. You will need a step-down transformer that would provide you these outputs. The frequency conversion is not required, as the SE400's electronics are not driven by it. So the SE400 will work on 50Hz or 60Hz, as long as the Wattage requirements are met. So if you want to use your US made brother outside of US, please opt for a quality transformer (avoid cheap Chinese models). i got the ACUPWR 200, the ACUPWR 100 will work too!

1. https://www.amazon.com/AD-100-100-Watt-Transformer-Converter-Playstation/dp/B00AU6K0XQ/ref=sr_1_2?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1508749438&sr=1-2&keywords=acupwr+100
2. https://www.amazon.com/ADB-200-200-Watt-220-240-Transformer-Converter/dp/B00DSS6FSW/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1508749628&sr=1-1&keywords=acupwr+200"
"its me, not the machine of that i am sure, but i am having difficulties even with the threading of the machine.  since i have a brother regular machine, i was sure that i had the threading down, and i keep getting the tension off.  haven't used the embroidery feature yet, but i'm working on it."
"I love this machine.  So easy to use, comes out professional looking - you can download all sorts of embroidery patterns online or create your own with SophieSew.  Amazing embroidery machine - although I have never used it for sewing but hear that it works great for that as well.  One down side, the sizes of the letters are rather large and sometimes hard to do little items, I wish you could customize the font sizes better, but for what it is, it's great!!!"
Granddaughter loves it.
"a very awesome machine, works great"
Love this machine.  Im still learning the embroidery stuff but its amazing
"This machine is awesome!  Prior to ordering it I watched youtube videos to figure out how the machine worked and what else I needed to purchase for the projects I wanted to create (such as stabilizers, etc.).  By the way, there are also youtube videos to help you set up your machine right out of the box.  My machine was up and embroidering in no time, and I've already created dozens of projects with it (in just under 3 weeks).

For now, I'm accomplishing the projects I set out to create, but I suspect I will want to upgrade to the Brother PE770 in the future for the larger hoop size."
"This machine is super, been using it almost every day!!!  Luv luv luv it!"
"Perfect. I love it, and have used it many times now for my starter business."
"I absolutely love this machine, first pleasurable sewing experience I've literally ever hard. Worth every penny"
Love this machine
Got it for my wife and she loves it. Initial set up and operation was easy for her. She has done embroidery and quilt making with this machine and it works great. Thread changing and stick selection is a breeze and the built in help works better then I thought it would.
"Have only done three projects so far, but i luv it compared to my triple the price standard sewing machine.  FYI: Very easy to use, but if everything is not threaded absolutely perfectly it won't function properly."
Easy to use.
"Amazing machine! So easy to use and so smooth to feed any manner of fabrics. Knits, satin, vinyl, no problems so far and none expected from any others"
"I've had this machine for almost 2 years, and every time I use it  I'm not loving it.  It is slow.  It takes forever to sew and even longer to embroider anything.  The automatic threader worked for 1 hour and then it just gave up.  I would not recommend this machine."
I hate this machine...it's difficult to use....and I've sewed since a child...cannot get the embroidery part to work at all...one time it worked beautiful and that was it...I have worn out the book reading the instructions...I just hate it....second brother I have bought never again...
"I absolutely LOVE this machine! Though, if you aren't used to a computerized machine even if you're computer savvy and have years of sewing experience, there is a learning curve to it. You tube has plenty of videos on the machine and you really need to watch the one that comes with it. I only have one complaint. I was having a bobbin tension issue when I first began embroidering with it. I knew for sure it was in the bobbin casing from my sewing experience and upon attempting to adjust the screw on the casing I found that they sealed it with plastic. If you have this problem gently scrape it off with a sewing needle and make sure it's clean before adjusting it. Then with a tiny screwdriver turn it 1/4 turn to the right to tighten, test then do it again until you no longer see bobbin thread at the top of your fabric. You need upper needle tension and lower tension to balance. Other than this it's a terrific machine for sewing and embroidery. If you plan to quilt also, get a different one as the area to the right of the needle is way too small. If you purchase Sew What Pro you can make larger embroidery but not the freestanding lace in larger than 4x4, or at least I have yet to get it to work. All in all, this machine offers a lot of bang for your buck for home use."
"Is a wonderful machine but so complicated. I need read the instructions, but I love it so much"
Bought this for my mom and she loves it.
"It,s a Great little machine! Light weight and easy to carry to quilting guild."
BOUGHT THIS 5 MONTHS AGO AND IT BROKE DOWN ONLY USED IT COUPLE OF TIMES
I love it.
Great machine
"Love this machine, embroidered 52 ties for the football team. What fun I had!!!"
Very happy so far although I still am learning to use all the functions.
"Given the modest price for this embroidery sewing machine, I expected that it would have limited features.  However, I still expected it to work.  After dealing with this machine for over a year - with numerous trips to try to find someone who could fix it, buying replacement parts (which never helped), buying different types of thread, different bobbins, almost unlimited number of gold/titanium needles and lord knows how many hundreds of hours trying to find help online or struggle through Brother's horrible ""warranty"" website/numbers - I finally decided that enough is enough...I have to let others know to stay away from this machine.  Plus according to a number of professional recommendations (even from people licensed to repair Brother sewing machines), don't ever buy this machine or a Brother machine of any kind.

For something that was supposed to be fun, this machine has cost me: a fortune in towels that I've had to throw away because the image being sewn would be beyond repair; time and gas driving hundreds of miles to find someone to fix whatever they claimed was going wrong this time; thread, needles and etc.

HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE: For a long time I thought it was me; after all this was my first embroidery machine.  But it's not me, it's the machine.  And the Brother company won't publish a telephone number that will actually get me to someone who works for the company to talk to.  They just give you numbers that connect to people who generally don't know what you are talking about - that's probably because they don't speak much English and I don't speak whatever language they speak.

Obviously other people have received good machines; I just got a bad machine.  That happens and usually the company goes good for this type of situation.  Not Brother.  Instead they make it impossible to contact someone who could actually recognize a faulty machine, repair it or replace it.  Instead they have you contact reps that suggest that one buy more and more things to try and make it work.  It's just a farce to try and make more money - throwing good money after bad.  Wish there were options like a ""lemon law"" that's for cars.

Ironically I've had my Singer regular sewing machine since the early 1980s and it still works like a charm..."
"I've waited a bit to write my review so that I could use all the features of the machine. I have to say that this machine is amazing. The first thing that I love about it is that it embroiders and sews too. No more having to have two machines set up.  It is very user friendly, and if you ever do get doubtful Brother has a website with videos. Also there is a whole community out there in you tube world that own this sweet little machine that will teach you all kinds of things.  It comes with everything you need to get started. Amazon, however has everything you will ever need to continue your projects.  It has preinstalled embroidery patterns for you to use but you are not limited to that because you are able to, with the included USB wires, to import your own designs, and or other specified designs from other websites including Brother. This machine has multiple decorative stitches, an automatic button hole, with different kinds of button holes, bobbin winder,automatic needle threaded, which is so convenient for me because my vision isn't what it used to be, and countless attachments. There isn't anything I can't do with this machine, I love it!  Now, I researched embroidery machines for months before I decided on this particular one.  I didn't want to spend $1000 on one and I didn't want to have a separate regular sewing machine either so it was important that it could do double duty for me. I knew that Brother was a good company and had a good reputation for sewing machines. And after looking at all the specs, you tube videos, and comparisons I decided on the SE400 and I'm happy I did.  There are many accessories available for the SE400 ,i.e. Embroidery hoops and sewing foots, that you can find on Amazon that are compatible and are very reasonably priced. If I could give this machine 10 stars I would!"
I still haven't used all the features like the embroidery etc. But for the price it works great. Do have to be careful on the needles that came with it. I broke a couple right off the bat. That was my fault thou.
The machine arrived quickly - brand new as advertised - I've tried it out and found it in working order but I haven't explored all the features yet 
THIS IS NOT MAC COMPATIBLE.  I AM IN THE PROCESS OF PURCHASING ANOTHER COMPUTER.  MONEY IS FLYING OUT THE WINDOW.  I HOPE THIS NEGATIVE WILL TURN INTO A POSITIVE SOON.
Works great.  My wife loves it.
"I have never sewed in my life and knew nothing about it! After reading the manual, I was able to start making pillow covers, curtains and dinner napkins! All looked great and the machine was pretty easy to use (after reading the instructions!)"
I've only had it for a week. But so far I love it. It's so easy to work with and not so heavy.
Worth every penny. Great for starter embroidery as well! Perfect all-purpose home machine.
i love it . its so simple to use with many feet for sewing .
"Easy to use. It was a gift for my mom, she thought it will be hard for her since she is not a technology savie but was easier than she expected. My mom loves it!"
Great machine
"<div id=""video-block-R103PK3GT1CQOY"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B12ezZZv0IS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91zxomu0ehS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I love this machine! I use it for just about everything from my doll designs (which I usually get on Etsy) to adding designs to my kids' theatre outfits. I really like to use shiny polyester as it is by far the most noticeable and recognizable, but it's really hard to find good, quality thread for a good value.

Luckily I've found a brand with not only high-quality polyester threads, but also stabilizers and bobbins! I'll let you all in on my secret source. Hopefully these work out for you as well!

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/1-Embroidery-Thread-40-Variety-Polyester-Spools/dp/B01M31461T/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">1. Embroidery Thread - 40 Variety Polyester Spools</a>

These embroider threads are very high-quality and the colors match up exactly with the ones in my Brother SE-400 Embroider Book. They've also got a really nice thread-lock function which holds all my threads in place once I'm done.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/2-Tear-Away-Stabilizer-Backing--200-Precut-Sheets-8x8/dp/B06XDFLSSZ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">2. Tear Away Stabilizer Backing  200 Precut Sheets 8x8</a>

This is the backing stabilizer I use which works really really well. They tear away easily, don't damage any of my Disney designs I use, and make it easy to just grab the hoop and stitch. They're pre-cut ( I get the 4x4 version but they also sell 5x7) so I don't waste any of my time measuring or cutting the stabilizers.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/3-Prewound-Bobbins-144-Pieces-of-Polyester-Thread/dp/B00ROFI5A6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">3. Prewound Bobbins - 144 Pieces of Polyester Thread</a>

There's not much you can say about bobbins except that they work correctly and are the right size for my Brother machine! They come in a pack of 144 pieces for a pretty good price so I really appreciate the value I get for them.

Again, I love my Brother machine and I'm so happy I found some good quality materials to use with it!"
Really enjoying this and all its capabilities
"Love this machine, except I was hoping it would do 7 x 4 inches with the larger hoop.  Oh, well, it's a nice little machine - love the self threader!"
"Being a beginner, I am a little overwhelmed. But I couldn't pass this up. So far, very happy."
This is a great sewing/embroidery machine.  It is very easy to use and has great features.  I love this little workhorse! I would buy it again in a minute.
Much too complicated for an average sewer.
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this machine! Easy to use."
"So far sew good!  Getting used to the embroidery part. Love the automatic sew feature and the ""scissors"". Easy to thread feature is awesome. Good deal!"
very difficult to stitch doubled material.  wife very unhappy.
Love this machine!
"Received my Brother SE400 on 7/1/17 and it arrived in perfect condition early in the morning!  Had it set up and running in no time.  Love it!  purrs like a kitten.  This is and upgrade purchase from my very old singer 9005 from 25 years ago.  This machine is featured packed.  the needle up/down, back stitch and cutter are awesome and the feed of the fabric is even and smooth.  I bought it for sewing clothing but I hear the embroidery features are top notch too.  The screen is very clear and navigating stitches is easy.  Yes, you do have to scroll through the menu, but I did not find this a problem.  I looked at so many machines before purchasing this one.  What sold me on this is the feed dog system.  It electronically senses the type of material you are using and adjusts the uptake of the fabric.  Since I plan on sewing with a wide range of fabric, from heavy twill to silks, this was an important feature.  I report back with more information as I test out all the features.  Love it so far!"
"I love using my new sewing/embroidery machine. I haven't had the guts to use the embroidery part yet but love the sewing machine. So quiet and just plain easy to use. Love it.
Another day: I still love this machine. I'm learning more and more about it and still haven't used the embroidery part yet but getting closer. I bought some additional feet for it and am getting ready to use them. I got the teflon foot and the walking foot and still haven't used them. I tried the free arm on a baby blanket for my grand niece and while it was fun, I'm not too good at it. I'll keep trying at that.
Looking forward to buying a new Brother serger. Found out it would be almost as much money to fix my old Bernina serger as it would to buy a new Brother so I will be doing that in the future. Any deals out there?"
love this
This is worth the money.
I love this machine! Very easy to use and I really like being able to sew without the pedal and how I can adjust the speed.
"I love this machine..of course its a brother! Works great..love the extra features such as the thread cutting ,etc..lots of features..sews. beautifully..a bit noisy ..i use it mostly for sewing..dont do too much embroidery..but that feature works great also!.. All in all brother has never let me down with th ere machines i have owned..this one being my third! Love it!"
"I bought this machine a couple of years ago, haven't really used it all that much, because I have basic machine that I use for most things.  I went to use my Brother machine the other day and tried to use the automatic needle threader which was the main reason I bought the machine.  Anyway the knob broke off!  I couldn't believe it!  I paid more than the $299 that it is now.  So I had to order a new piece, I haven't tried putting it on yet.  But kind of disappointed in the quality of newer machines!  Just glad I could order a piece and hope it works!"
"This is a very inexpensive machine for what it is. So I am not comparing it to a Janome Memory Craft or another brand that costs thousands of dollars. This one does a good job at sewing and at embroidering. The instructions are pretty clear and there are some really good YouTube videos. I will mention one - Burley Sew - that really helped me. If your budget is limited, or even if it isn't, I recommend this machine."
"This is a great sewing machine.  I bought if for embroidery and it does a perfect job on all the patterns I have sewed.
The automatic needle threading is just wonderful, saves so much time.  easy to thread with plenty of pictures.  the 4 X 4 sewing area is ample for most patches alphabet is limited to size of letters if name is over 7 letters.  It was shipped double boxed and was in perfect condition."
Mother in law loves it! Bought it as a gift last year
I haven't used it yet but it was missing several pieces.
"I'm a little peeved right now. This is my second brother sewing machine. The first one broke after less then a year and I was fine with that because I was ready to move on to something more complicated that could do more. So I got this one. Not even 2 years and its broken. I'm a bit upset with this as I paid about $200 more for this one then the last. I expected it to last a while. Not have to drive it to the repair center, which mind you the closest one is a 45 minute to an hour drive from me, twice in less than 2 years. The first time it was because an error showed up on the screen and even though I turned it off, when I turned it back on it was still there. Drove out there and took it in for a week and they told me nothing was wrong with it. Annoying as heck but whatever, I had my sewing machine back. Now to yesterday. I'm making my daughter a dress and I've unplugged it so I can move it to the side and bring my surger upfront. Finished with that and I'm moving this back to the front so I can continue. The plug, where you have to put the foot petal so it works, yah. Its broken and fallen into the machine. It was just fine not even 5 fricking minutes ago and now its not. What the eff people. Now I have to fit a 45 minute drive into my already obnoxiously busy schedule next week to take it to the closest repair center. If I had the money, I'd just replace this with the Pfaff that I want. But, unfortunately, I don't. So how about you guys start making things that might actually last a while and not break."
"Love this machine. I am not new to sewing but I am new to embroidery. This machine is very user friendly. I have only had it for 3 weeks, but so far so good. I have used built in designs and also have uploaded some purchased designs. No issues what so ever. Would highly recommend, especially for the low cost."
Very nice machine.
Very pleased with this machine.
"I'm so disappointed. Feed dogs stopped going up after 1.5 months, stitching is hard to control, auto cut feature pulls thread out of needle. Really bad buy. Now I'm stuck with it."
"Bought this for my gf and she loves it, she's excited with all the features of this machine she loves it"
"Such a fun learning experience! My granddaughter and I took almost 2 hours just to set up and learn a few of the utility stitches!  Before you know ot we started on stitching names and hearts and butterflies.  Although I wish the machine came with a few basic backing sheets , since it came with 1 spool of embroidery thread and pre-spooled bobbin."
Great machine!
"Wife loves it so far, hasn't had  a lot of time to do much with it, been so busy with lots of other things around the house."
Toy like sewing machine. Not worth the money.
Great
Just finally got a chance to upack this machine and give it a try and it does not sew properly.  Does fine when it is going forward but when you do the reverse to lock in the stick it does not keep the tension. Makes big loops!  Very disappointed and I am past the return window.  Bad customer service on Amazon s part
its more than what I expected.everything works perfectly.there are still a lot of features I haven't used yet which is the fun of it.it makes my sewing a lot more easier and I have to worry only about what to sew.its more like all in one for a home sewing machine with the embroidery features.ill totally buy again if need be
Excelent machine
I adore this machine! It's so convenient and works wonders. It has several safety settings so I don't get too crazy with everything. It's my first embroidery machine and it's so fun to work with.
"This sewing machine is amazing compared to an older model Singer machine that I have at school. I bought this one so that I could learn how to embroider designs. It runs very smoothly and is quieter than my old machine. I have had a few problems with my needle breaking, but that was from hitting a metal zipper during one of my projects. The embroidery part of the machine is easy to use, and the directions are extremely clear. My mom used it and said that it compares well with her industrial Juki machine. It's expensive for me as a college student, but the quality makes up for the steep price."
This is the worse sewing machine I have ever bought.  I returned the first one thinking I had just gotten a bad one but the replacement is being returned too.  I could not finish any project due to something on the machine breaking or getting caught.  I would rate this 0 if I could.  I used to like Brother sewing machines.
My wife loves this machine!!  She is now into quilting and she said this machine vs. her older one makes life easy!!
arrived on time and I love it!
Wonderful sowing machine.
Bought for my mother as a Mother's Day gift.... she absolutely loves it.
"Great machine, easy to use, thread,sew. Works great. Using embroidery will take some getting use to. I've sewn vinyl, ""fake"" leather and it worked great. You must make sure to use correct needle and thread. I've also ordered different ""foots"" for this machine and so far all have worked great with the exception of the Brother SA177 Side Cutter 7mm didn't work at all."
First sewing machine ever and I have to say.. not what I expected.. it's a pretty cool machine with cool features. A little confusing though and not simple enough. You have to scroll through the menu on the screen too much to pick a stitch pattern. It's a good beginners machine. I'm giving it 2 stars because my third time plugging it in to play and try it out I was given a Brightness error and it was completely frozen... called Brother and apparently that means it needs servicing. Already? I've used it twice and maybe 30 minutes each time..... maybe I bought the wrong brand. What did I know... Newbie. Pretty perturbed about it
easy and fun
nice machine working perfect
I bought this to make patches for karate belts and love it!  Machine is solid and works without any problems.  Super easy to thread and work with.  Best purchase I have made in years.  Would recommend this without hesitation.
"I've had this machine since middle March so have had some time to learn some of it's quirks.  I like the power of this machine still....but it EATS knits and just about any fine fabric!  I've had to scrap or try to fix at least 15 projects! I sew every day and this has finally made me want to return it. I'm calling customer service to see what can be done. I was hemming a knit dress I just made, and as you can see, it now has a hole in it...so I either raise the hem and start again, or find a work-around for this. Horrible!"
Terrific machine - I haven't sewn in years and it was very easy to use. I'm looking forward to learning all the embroidery abilities but as we just moved into a new house I've been happily and easily sewing away on curtains and valances. Nice machine.
"I don't review products that I buy very often. However,  I am highly disappointed at this sewing machine because it is pricey and I expected it to be sturdier and of better quality. I am self-taught when it comes to sewing and was able to sew two dresses with this machine. It was a long and miserable process, however. The bobbin thread kept getting entangled and I ended up using the seam ripper very often to get rid of the stitches. I will be buying a SINGER this time, which appears to be made of better material instead of cheap plastic like this one."
"Sews and embroiders!  I have had over three years.  If you watch the DVD that comes with it you can start.  Lots of onlinevideos! Great FB page SE400 Newbies is tremendous help!
I also got a repositional hoop...great to add to a design without rehooping.  Machine is a hardworking one!  Sews beautiful. Buttonholes! Just so easy!"
I love my machine its soooooo awesome!
I finally upgraded and this sewing embroidery machine is great and easy to learn. I didn't think it would be that easy.
I have had so much fun with my machine. I love it! So easy to understand and use. Good instructions. So happy with my purchase.
"The machine works good, but it was never mentioned before the purchase that the machine requires a software and a card reader in order to download the images onto the sawing machine. Without the knowledge of the software requirement, the machine was purchased, but can't use it in  its full functionality. It's worthless without the customized images that the machine was purchased for."
I got this machine so I could embroider. Now i want to do a name bigger than the 4x4. Is that possible. I am thinking I need to upgrade.
"I am still learning about my new machine, but so far I love it! I was so surprised at how quiet this machine is-WONDERFUL. I am enjoying the new features, but sewing with my guide in hand still. I would give it a five star rating except for the light...the LED light is HORRIBLE...I use a small lamp with bending neck to get light where I need it. A friend of mine has a Brother machine also, a couple years older and a model with less features than mine, that has a wonderful light like my old Singer. I wish I could change that feature, but other than that I am very happy with my new Brother sewing machine."
Easy to use but the instruction book was a monster for someone who's sewed before but never embroidered. Made use of a lot of videos from you tube to help me get it right.
Awesome product.
I'm an old guy that wanted a quality machine that would do basic sewing.  It does with flying colors (just push a button and guide the material).  I have not even began to delve into all of the things that this can do.  But I will.  So far I love it!
Used it twice and it broke
Great machine.  Manual has plenty of pictures to self teach.
My wife loves her new machine.
"This is my own... first machine.  It took some getting use to because I was use to my mothers old machine, but I really like.  Love that it has different speeds and that you came just push a button and it will sew without you having to push the petal.  And the embroidery setting is great as well, again no pushing a petal, set to what you and let it work"
love it
"I am so in love with my machine!  I can't wait to get home from work everyday to do at least one design on it.  It's an awesome piece of equipment.  One day i'll probably advance up in an embroidery machine, but for now, I love this one and it meets most of my needs."
"The machine would have been great. But I felt like for the price I paid, I couldn't get anything done. It'd be in the middle of a litter, and the thread would break. Ruining the whole thing. I was planning on selling shirts with names but the 4x4 frame only let me type 3 letters at a time, which is really confusing to me. I've had other people try to work it and they can't figure it out, I'm planning on returning it and seeing if I can't find something else"
"Great for what it already has in the machine, but doesn't really download other designs well. In order to do that, you also have to download software and all kinds of other things. All in all, it didn't do what I needed it to and it was to expensive to do anything else with it."
"Started using this right away. Does everything it says, easy to follow instructions. Would definitely recommend this machine."
enjoying it
"This was my first embroidery machine and second sewing machine. I thought it would be cool to try it! It's easy to learn if you take the time to read and watch the tutorials and instructions it comes with. If you don't and you've never really sewn before then you'll have problems. If you hate reading instructions then I'd get a simpler machine. But it's a great first machine. It comes with detailed instructions so even if it's your first time, you can figure it out."
I am in love with this machine.  I have already gotten so much use out of it and have purchased additional accessories to go with it.
Wife's been sewing on her grandmothers machine for over 45 years. Great machine but it was time to retire her. All I know is I get a happy wife who thanks me every time she uses this. That's enough for me!
Love it.
"Initially, I was shopping for a sewing machine, wasn't looking for embroidering capabilities. But I kept reading good things about this machine and thought it would be fun to play around with embroidery. So I paid a bit more for this machine with embroidery capability, and I'm sure glad I did. At first, it was a little intimidating to use, but I READ the instructions (!) and was able to understand how to work the machine. They include an instructional DVD, but I haven't needed to use it. There are basic instructions on the machine itself, both in sticker form and in one of the function keys. They include 64 or so patterns, but you can obtain more. There is a seller on Ebay that has produced a CD with thousands (literally) of patterns for about 17 dollars. The machine has a USB cable that you can hook right up to your computer and upload the images. This process I needed my husband for :). Works great. I have been using the machine to embroider handkerchiefs for my daughter's wedding, so the poor machine has had more of a commercial workflow, but have had no major issues, only a learning curve for me. I have only had this machine for about 2 months but have been working the heck out of it. So far, so good."
"Love my machine, great product for the price I paid!"
"Veryvery good. If you want to buy sewing machine, buy this."
Love this machine! Great starter machine. Easy to use! If I can do this anyone can. Plan to get one that does larger embroidery in the next few months.
"This is our first embroidery sewing machine, so we were wanting something great for a beginner to learn on.  It surely has a ton of things to do on it, however it really needs more fonts, now that we have had it for a while.  I have had to scour the internet for designs, fonts and programs, just so I can write in a different text and not be the same few choices for everything.
A few of the things I love about it are that it easy to use, lots of accessories, has self threading needle and if there is a problem, it tells you what is wrong, instead of trying to just figure it out, and that when it has stiched what it needs for a color, it stops, tells you it's done and tells you the next color to put it.
I really wish that it did bigger than a 4"" x 4"" though.  Even after I bought a bigger hoop, for bigger designs or words, I find that I still have to do it in a 4"" by 4"" section, which has been a pain.
Also, some times the patterns get off track, for no reason, it will just move over just a hair, and makes it very noticeable on the completed project."
Not working
Beginner and I love it and made my first baby dress. The dress just a trial and came out good
I have already made one quilt with this and am now working on another one.  I love it!!  Awesome purchase and highly recommend it.
"I absolutely love this sewing/embroidery machine! I have used it to embroider some aprons for work as presents to my coworkers, as well as fix buttons and hems on a few pairs of pants. While I am new to sewing, I am well versed in embroidery and embroidery programs on the computer. This model was SO easy to set up and learn how to use. You can plug it into your computer and use ANY embroidery program as well and export your design to the machine. If embroidery and sewing are your hobbies, you absolutely need this in your life/crafts room! I cant wait to start doing more sewing projects on this, AND being able to embroider them as well! Brother has made another fine product :)"
I bought this for my wife for one of her Christmas presents since she loved her Cricut cutting  machine so much. She loves it and has made some amazing projects and gifts with this and I was able to get some custom work shirts out of the deal. Now it March and she is making baby bibs for a baby shower.
This is a great little machine for the price.  It is however a little picky about the type of thread you use.
Very nice embroidery work for an inexpensive machine!  The 4 inch hoop is just right for making patches.
Wonderful machine for personal and business purposes. I would recommend it to anyone.
I love this machine. It does all the things I need it to.
love this new machine first computer sewing machine I have owned
"fabulous product!! For the price, this machine does it all.  The 4x4 hoop is great for kids stuff, but I may upgrade to a machine with a 5x7 hoop down the road.  This is very user friendly, easy to thread, get bobbin in place and upload designs.  there are also a lot of youtube videos.  Wonderful product...highly recommend! just a side note - machine only accepts PES files for downloads and make sure it is for a 4x4 hoop size!!"
"There are so many good reviews of this machine, but I was reluctant for awhile even at this price, although I have been fascinated with these lower priced Brothers for awhile now. Of course this machine did not start life at the 200 price point at all - it was a few hundred more.  I have other machines that do every sewing task I need, but the embroidery part was totally new to me.  I just retired and I wanted something to amuse myself that was a new fun toy.  I finally got this machine with some gift cards from the last year that my family so nicely gave me, and I have to say, this machine is so much more than I could have expected. First, it is solidly built. Second - it has the best needle threader in the industry (Babylock does have the same one!). That's the truth - so far it has not missed once. I have been sewing and embroidering small projects now since I got it about two months ago, and it is terrific. The sewing part is excellent and the straight stitch is equal to any out there! I have machines that were much much more expensive and the stitches on this Brother are just as good. As to the embroidery, for me it is terrific. The 4x4 field is no problem, as I don't expect to do much embroidery that would need more space than that. I don't usually care for embellishments of practically any sort, but I like to do kitchen towels and the occasional gift item.  It's just a lot of fun to watch this machine do a stitch out and so far it is flawless. It also seems tolerant of any thread I toss in there as a top thread, and likes pre-filled bobbins just fine. I buy Class 15 pre-filled bobbins from Superior Threads and it loves them.  I have not had to touch the tensions at all so far and I have both sewn and embroidered with threads from thin to a thicker thread - Superior Threads King Tut down to Metrosene.  For some fun and as a main machine for those who do not do large quilts, I would recommend this machine unreservedly.  The harp is not large enough for doing large quilts in my opinion.  I have a larger machine for that."
Nice Machine!
"I have had nothing but issues since i received this.  I've followed all instructions and used manufacturer instructions and needles break, bobbin winder broke, automatic threader broke.  Very disappointed"
"Bought as a Christmas gift, my daughter loves it and can't stop bragging on the many features."
I love my sewing machine.
"I have had this machine for a couple of years now and I absolutely love it! I can easily download embroidery designs and it sews them beautifully! A friend of mine said, ""you must have one of those $4,000 machines"". That's how good the stitching is. The built in stitches work great and it's easy to personalize names on items too! So happy with the price and performance. The only limitation is the 4"" hoop capability. It will only accommodate 4"" embroidery designs, but I haven't needed anything larger than that."
Bought this machine as a gift for my daughter.  Great price.  Great machine!!
"This machine is everything I've been looking for. Only problem I had with it is the needle threader broke almost instantly. Trivial problem but I was really excited about that. Sews great, embroiders great. Already hooking it up to the computer and doing my own embroiders. I love this machine."
"Bought an SE400from Amazon back in May, 2016.  Love it!  Bought a lesser model from Walmsrt in December. Hated it! Took it back and ordered this SE400 from Amszon.  Yes, we own 2 and love both!"
I love my BROTHER!!! I have had a singer simple in the past it was my first machine and it did great as a learning machine. This machine is more of an intermediate to pro machine. I have had a little issues with the embroiderer putting holes in my fabric but I think it may be user error unless anyone else has this issue. Other then that I highly recommend this machine.
I had my doubts when I got this machine.  My husband had bought me a Singer that does embroidery and I hated it.  It was noisy and terribly difficult to use.  I ended up giving it to my daughter-in-law as she is really computer savvy.  I kept looking at this machine and hemmed and hawed and my husband said to just buy it!  I am so glad I did.  I love it.  The embroidery is wonderful.  I use my other Brother sewing machine for sewing but this baby is strictly for embroidery even though it does regular sewing too.  Thank you Brother for an affordable and easy machine to use!
It is light and easy to handle.  The sewing is great. Still getting used to it. The embroidery is still confusing and don't know if I'll be able to use it much.  Like the way it starts and stops and cuts the thread.
The bobbin keeps messing up and I have to cut items out which is ruining them. I am very disappointed.
"This machine has replaced my other machine. It is so easy to use. I was amazed at how quickly I was able to get an image of the internet, use a third party software to turn it into stitchable image and then stitch it in no time at all. Very intuitive!"
I love this machine!! I haven't bought a new sewing machine in 15 years what a big difference and affordable. I choose this one because it was like getting two for the price of one years ago.  It does so many things. The CD it comes with is very helpful.  The book is easy to read. The options are many. This is a great machine for a sewer who also thinks they may want to try embrodering.
"This machine is a PIMA.  Some days, it works really well, and it's a lot of fun.  Other days, the bobbin gets tangled up, the thread breaks, it constantly becomes unthreaded, etc.  It's VERY frustrating.  I've tried all of the troubleshooting remedies, and sometimes they work, and sometimes, they don't.  I have a 20-year-old Bernina that never has these problems.  And this machine is brand new!

A couple of things I learned from blogs, not Brother, that are helpful: 1. You need embroidery thread for the top and bobbin thread, which is stronger, for the bobbin.  2. If you buy a pattern that is too big, the machine won't recognize it, but it also won't tell you that that is the problem.  You can resize the pattern with free software from Wilcom.  If you have a Mac, you have to use the web version.  Good luck!"
"I bought this machine about a year ago.  I have owned several brands and prices of machines throughout the last 40 years.  After using this machine almost daily for a year, I am more than impressed with it.  It seems to be of high quality and has several upscale features that make it so easy to use.  I am more of a craft sewer and quilter so I have done a variety of projects.  I recently purchased a Brother 6000i to have an additional machine to use while I was doing embroidery on my se400.  While the 6000i seems to be ok for a simple machine, it definitely is not the class of machine as the se400.  I highly recommend spending the extra few dollars and get the se400.  The thread cutter alone is worth the expense.  It saves me so much time and effort.  Overall I am well pleased with the quality of the Brother machines but the se400 is far and above the other ones I have.  Don't hesitate to purchase this machine.  You will not be disappointed."
just ok
"I bought this sewing machine in 2014 from Amazon and have never regretted it. It embroiders beautifully, although the embroidery capacity is small (you cannot go bigger than 4x4), and it sews nicely. The stitch quality is not perfect (when I compare it to my main machine, a Janome that cost 6 times this one's price), but it is still very good. My only negative remark about that is that some of the heirloom stitches are a bit crooked (mine might need a tension adjustment). This is not the machine to do heavy duty work on, but few modern computerized machines are, and it can nevertheless do quite a lot. I've even done some quilting on it. The machine has some neat features such as low bobbin warning, speed control, the capacity to sew without the foot pedal (you use a button instead), and an internal cutter (great time saver). It also has one of the best needle threaders I've seen on a machine (and I own several machines to compare it to). Overall, one of the best value-for-money machines on the market today. Highly recommended.  (Also, I do like Amazon Prime's 30 day return service - just in case one buys a lemon and needs to return it.)"
love it!
works good so far
New to this but love it!
I wish I never bought this machine. all the words came out bad and the threat keeps breaking. I wish I had bought a better machine.
Ok so I have this machine for over a year now and I love the sewing part of it and only now I'm getting to use the embroidery part of it because I was a little apprehensive due to it looked a little complicated but thanks to YouTube I love using this feature!! Ordering new thread & needles!!
Love this machine!
"Love this embroidery machine. Sews smoothly but for the price the embroidery part of the machine is fantastic! I've uploaded a photo of my first projects for a friend. Just a few tea towels but shows what the machine can do. The ruler shows about the size of the biggest embroidery project you can do by default settings. The ""B"" with stars was a free file I downloaded and put on the machine with the provided USB cord to to see how that function worked. Very happy with the results."
"I love this machine. There are too many pros to mention, I think the description takes care of that. I would rate this machine 4 1/2 stars. The only con I have is that it pulls the fabric through a little crooked. It sews straight but pulls crooked if that makes sense? Not a huge deal, just learned how to sew a bit different meaning how to gauge my 1/4 inch. This machine free motion quilts beautifully! Just remember to set your stitch length to 0 and drop your feed dogs. A couple of my favorite features are the automatic thread cutter and the machine tells you when the bobbin is running out. The thread cutter saves time and thread. I've only dabbled with the embroidery feature but it has worked beautifully. I would buy this again in a heartbeat. If you can wait they go on sale for around $225 around Christmas time. But honestly I wouldn't wait. It's worth it."
Second purchase of this machine as my first machine was zapped during a lighting storm.  It was a terrific machine for both regular sewing needs as well as embroidery.
"My mom loves it, Although it is a little to high tech for her, but it sews amazing .."
Wife loves it!
Love this machine!
"My wish is someday to own this machine, this is my dream machine, then I will give my review  but I know I would love it"
Horrible
Easy to learn to embroidery. The size to work is only 4x4.
I have used the mess out of this machine since I bought it( still learning tricks and techniques everyday) this is a great machine fir the price
"bought to replace my basic function sewing machine, this works great and was easy to figure out how to use! I love the automatic threading function!!"
Love my new Sewing machine!!!
I love this machine. I bought this machine to use for my etsy shop and it works amazing. The needle does break a lot more than i think is normal. I love this machine and i recommend this to any beginner buyer.
Love it!  Haven't got to sew much but it is one of the nicest machines I have ever owned.
Loving this machine! For the price you cannot beat it.
Great experience buying this item. It has yet to be used by my wife because we're in the process of converting 2 rooms in our house to make room for a hobby room and a nursery. Everyone I've spoken too that owns this machine brags about it which is why I purchased it for her as a birthday gift. Maybe I'll return and update this review when we're settled.
This was a gift and she just loves it and someone else bought one after seeing hers
"So far I'm loving my new machine.  Works great. Comes with book that explains everything.  I will update later, after more use.l"
Excellent sewing and embroidery machine. The stitches looks so professional!
"LOVE this sewing machine, worth every penny"
The embroidery area is too small... had to return it.
My wife loves it.
Still learning but enjoying the machine. Currently looking for new designs.
good machine
"I've just opened my Brother SE400 yesterday and I tried doing some trials today. It was easy to use, you just need to understand a few steps/instructions. It's also great that it came with a quick video instruction since I was not in the mood to read the entire manual book last night.

I've only tested the Embroidery, and so far I'm enjoying it. Although, when I got it, it made me wished I had bought the PE770, since 4x4 embroidery area doesn't seem to do a lot.. But it's all good, cause I bought it during Lightning Deal for such a good price! :) My advice is to buy the necessary materials needed to get the embroidery started, as there's only 1 piece of stabilizer and extra needles that come with the machine."
"Does exactly what i wanted it to do, lives up to all my expectations."
"I love my new sewing machine.  My son brought it fo rmy christmas present.  Ive been making cap and scraves
Iy was so easy to set up.  easy to use.  The video was helpful"
"I like all the easy ways to change the settings with just a touch of my finger but, I still can't sew through 2 thicknesses of flannel like I could with my OLD Singer Touch N Sew. I do like the machine. Can't wait to learn how to embroider with it"
Perfect.
"update: I have been using this now for about 6 months and have completed a few projects.  I LOVE this machine! I have even downloaded my own clip art and embroidered it onto an apron.  VERY easy to use.
Machine is very quiet, has lots of cool options - auto threader, etc.  I can see this machine lasting me for a long time."
This has been great for my wife she has begun sewing and this machine has already been very forgiving along with the owners manual and quick guides.
"I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend for Christmas. She cried opening the box, if that doesn't tell you everything I don't know what will. The machine is quiet, user friendly, and very easy to use. For experienced seamstresses this machine does it all. The auto cutting thread, auto threading bobbin, and push button interface is cutting edge for any costume makers. Was worth every penny."
Love love this is my first sewing machine and all i want to do is keep sewing the embroidery is really nice
Thos was a gift and the recipient absolutely LOVES it.  It is not complicated to use.  Appears to be a quality machine.
I'm very pleased with the purchase of this machine.  I will purchase more Brother equipment in the future.
"I bought this for my tween daughter as a birthday gift last year.  She really likes it and we have gotten a  lot of use out of it.  My mother, who has sewn all her life it amazed at how easy some of the functions are.  Our problem is that some of the embroidery features have been hard for us to figure out and therefore we haven't used that aspect as much as we wanted.  We really need a class just for that part.  All of that said, I would buy it again, especially since we got it on sale."
Not working...120volt!!!
I just got to play ok my new Brother se400 and I am in love! Super easy to use! I love the automatic threader and the thread cutter! all with the push of a button! Love it love it love it
Too difficult to use
"So far so good.
I have been using the machine for about a month now.
Amazing what these new sewing machines can do.
OMG!!! it even threads the needle for you.
Still getting used to all the bells and whistles....
No complaints so far"
Very nice
It does so much!!  Going to take awhile to learn it all!  Will be fun doing it though!!
GREAT LOOKING MACHINE
Great starter embroidery sewing machine.
"I purchased this as a gift and she absolutely loves it, the features of this machine are beyond anything I was expecting ,great product thanks to brother and seller and amazon for providing me a great machine at an even better price"
Great machine for the money.  Still discovering things it will do!
I didn't know what to expect when i upgraded my older sewing machine but with the handy manual this machine saves me a lot of time. I love it!
"Very happy with purchase .Would like to know know if you carry any, more attachment for this model"
"If  you don't have one get one ""E-Z"" to use.  I really like this product."
"It arrived timely and in good working condition.  Excellent price. I have been practicing embroidering using the fonts that are included and trying them out in large, medium and small scale, and embroidering borders.  This is my first embroidering machine and it has met my expectations. I found it easy to thread and easy to attach the hoop. In two practice sessions, I got the hang of it.  Now I need to try using an SD card and try hooking it up to my computer."
"amazing machine for the price. multi stich, embroidery, oh ya."
"I am very happy with the sewing machin. Specifically the self threading feature. One thing is missing, storage for all of the accessories. Especially the embroidery part"
This thing does everything it says. It is very good for the price. Tons of YouTube videos to help out and everyone loves the review.
"I haven't learned to embroider yet, but I have been very pleased with the quilting I've done so far. Definitely a bargain for all its features."
"Very good ,ty."
"love it , still got a lot more to learn, but I am very glad I made this purchase"
"I love this machine, you cannot get a better machine for the money!"
"nice part ,shipped fast n great price"
I'm a newbie to the whole thing and I can't believe how easy this is to use. It's a really wonderful sewing machine/embroidery machine. Worth every penny.
"I got this and unfortunately several items were missing from the box including key items needed to embroider, so disappointing."
Te brother sewing machine arrived a few days earlier then expected. Packaging was good. Machine works well as advertised. Very happy with purchase.
"Easy to use, great starter machine."
"Wonderful machine at first, then would not perform internal functions and seemed to create a chain of turning off.  Brother customer service was good and I was given some advise to unplug it and leave it off for several minutes which temporarily fixed some functions but it reverted to the same problem and would no longer read the embroidery cards.  I  was told to take it to be serviced but after only using it for less than two months??  Thank you Amazon for your great customer service.  Hoping to have better performance with my next machine.  I have purchased a number of accessories and supplies for this machine and it has taken a bit of time with  a  learning curb -so hoping my next upgraded embroidery  model will serve us better."
Had this machine three years and I finally used it in 2016.  It is so quite and easy to understand.  I have yet to use the embroidery feature.  I love that it threads the needle (especially handy when you have bad eyesight). I am glad I purchased it.
"This machine has many nice features to earn 3 stars.  However, I needed to pull out my old, very basic, $99 Kenmore machine to do sleeves & multiple layers. After taking off the extra base piece I was still unable to get the round cylinder sleeve over the base to sew.  When sewing a soft blanket type material the machine would struggle to get over anything that was more then 2 layers. The cheap Kenmore that is just a basic machine, not heavy duty, had no problem getting through bulky layers and I could easily sew my sleeve. The Brother is a nice machine for light duty projects."
I only used it for monograming and embroidery. It was very easy to use. The instructions were simple and it works great.
"I ordered this as an extra machine to use while I am visiting relatives. I had some sewing to do and I didn't bring my own machine. I absolutely love it. It sews so good and  I've used the embroidery part of it also,which works great. . My granddaughter needed her name put on her work uniform and it came out perfect.  I am really happy I bought this. It came with a USB cord so you can download designs from the net,which I haven't done yet."
VERY COMPLICATED DOES NOT DO WHAT I WANT WILL BE SENDING BACK
Unfortunately this item was defective. We specifically followed the instructions. This was a Christmas gift.
"I have had this machine for a few years. Sometimes it will work and sometimes it's falling apart. It takes hours to complete just one project due to constantly dealing with fussy tension, breaking needles, bobbin moving out of place. I have a Bernina b350 I thankfully purchased after this machine. It works perfectly. So, I know the errors are not from my skills. I decided to pick up embroidery again this week and remember now after losing my stocking projects to the machine why I quit using it! I just needed to embroider my kids names. That is all. I had a small pack of fat quarters that now lay destroyed in the trash. Some worked and some did not which doesn't fly with 5 kids wanting stocking stuffers. Don't buy it. Just go for an upgrade, any upgrade will do. Eventually you will want more room than a 4x4 hoop and you will be sick of wasting money on fabric and accessories that get destroyed by your machine. If you want to be great at sewing walk away from this machine."
Gift.
Great machine!
Product was damaged
"The automatic needle threader handle broke, I've only used it about five times! Not happy about that. It should be made out of metal. I ordered 2 replacements from a sewing machine parts store. The warranty is still valid but seems like a hassle when I can just order them. But if they break again I will be really mad...."
"Absolutely love this machine - so far I've done regular sewing, embroidery and now some quilting. I've purchased additional feet for it and it hasn't failed to meet all my expectations."
"I have been sewing, quilting, I am a seamstress, going on 50 plus years now.  I have owned and enjoyed greatly many sewing machines, the last one I used for my embroidery design business was a Brother Innovis 4000-D, which I greatly enjoyed.  That machine is probably 9-10 years old by now, I sold it over a year ago, as I was trying to recouperate from several major surgeries and did not think I would ever get back to doing what I love.  Well, I have, and a friend purchased me this new Brother SE-400 machine and I am completely amazed.  Technology has come a long long way since my last sewing/embroidery machine and this little sister to my old machine far surpasses it in many many ways.  The new modles of my old machine and the other fine machines from Brother must also, but like I said my old one was 9-10 years old maybe, and this new far less expensive model is awesome.  No it does not have the 4 sizes of hoops my Innovis had, but honestly, once you learn how to use the embroidery tools on these great machines you do not need to have all those hoops.  With this machine the quality of the stitches, both utility and decorative are perfection, everytime.  it is a quite machine, beautifully responsive, easy to learn to use.  The book that comes with it makes learning this machine so easy, and it is the best bang for the buck that I have experienced in years.

I can use my large designs too, by breaking them into parts that can be stitched out in my 4x4 inch hoop on this machine, and lining up those parts is so easy on this machine.  Reading the book and taking time to learn the machine makes this the buy of the year to me.  It is also so much lighter than my old machine too.  LOVE IT!

Looking for a sewing/embroidery machine?  But this one and be truly surprised."
Bought this machine a few months ago.  I have sewn for many years. This is the nicest mache I have ever used. Truly enjoying sewing with it.  I am new to embroidery but found it easy to use.
From my wife: Solid machine and super easy to use! So many different things you can do with this great machine! Very reliable and easy to figure out. (I'm an advanced beginner/intermediate seamstress)
Works perfectly.
"I LOVE this machine!!! Great fir novice embroidery. I will eventually buy a maxhune with larger embroidery area, but will definitely pass on to my daughter."
"Nice machine, I've used it before purchase and fell in love with it - which is what prompted me to make this purchase."
"Love it, but the needle broke three times within two months.

In addition to needles breaking almost monthly , even though I don't use it as much, now the small piece that attach the thread into the needle has broken down as well."
fun to use ...so far so good...
Awesome 
"I couldn't wait to get this. Was so excited when it arrived. Loved it for the first 2 hours. I tried out every decorative stitch and it worked beautifully. So I started sewing my granddaughters pjs for xmas. Half way through my project, the machine started to make a sort of clunking noise and then it started jamming and making a mess of the threads. I tried doing all the decorative stitches again, but this time none of them worked. I rethreaded the machine and tried again. Machine made a grinding noise and then jammed and broke the needle with the tip going down into the machine. Boxed it up and will be sending it back tomorrow. I'm willing to give Brother another chance-ordered a slightly more expensive machine. We'll see. When I went to Amazon to write this review, I noticed that this machine that I paid 318.00$  for is now on sale for 224.00. I'm not happy that I got charged 318 for a machine that went on sale for 224  about a week later. Oh well."
Great price for a super machine. I have had mine for 3 years and have had no problems. I take mine retreats and sew days. Easy to transport & very dependable. Good entry machine for embroidery projects.
If you are looking for a sewing machine that also does embroidery this machine is pretty awesome. The one major downfall is the optional memory card to expand its memory for embroidery patterns is a brother proprietary device which of course means it's $100 for a memory card in the mb instead of gb's. I feel that is stupid so one star off from 5 in my opinion
"There's quite a bit to this machine if you're coming in without researching any embroidery machines.

I'll forego the sewing part of this machine, it does what it needs to. In terms of embroidery, it's a sensitive machine, but can deliver if treated right. First, you have to make sure your set up is just right (needle, embroidery piece, etc). Luckily, the machine comes with a tutorial CD that is actually REALLY helpful, and that's coming from someone who hates directions.

Second, and of most important, you can't just hook your computer up and drag and drop a picture on to this thing and it will start embroidering. You have to download an embroidery software, and then design your stitch there. You can upload a picture to the software, but you'll have to trace the lines and stitching pattern of the picture etc. yourself. This is how you convert a picture to an embroidery file - it takes time.

The embroidery stabilizer it came with ended up not working and actually snapping my needle. I purchased tearaway stabilizer on amazon for pretty cheap and it works great. This machine can do a lot, but you have to be patient and learn quite a bit."
"This is a great machine for people that need a regular sewing machine and want to get started with embroidery. You get spoiled with the self thread and cut feature and wonder how you ever used older machines. Super user friendly touch screen lets you position the design exactly where you want it.
My only complaints are having to change out (un-screw) the entire foot attachment to switch between normal sewing and embroidery. I also think the USB cord could be longer so you can set the machine up on a different table from the computer (I take over the entire computer desk)"
i love the machine. have not used the embroidery function yet. it is wonderful to be able to directly download patterns from brother. It is a great upgrade from my previous embroidery machine. It is great for general sewing and quilting. I would avoid using it to sew heavy material or knitting.
"I bought this for my mom just about a year ago.  She took it out of the box, wound a bobbin, and practiced one pre-loaded embroidery pattern before putting it into a closet.  When I was visiting about a month ago, I ""borrowed"" it.  I will say that it has actually inspired the Martha Stewart in me! You'll need a lot of stuff if you're just starting off in the embroidery arena: tear-away backing, thread, a few patterns or monograms, computer software to create and transfer your patterns, and some temporary spray adhesive.  Buy all these things because you're going to want to try stuff immediately, and you'll need most of these to do anything!  Also, watch some YouTube videos - they were immensely helpful with all the tips and tricks.  So, what I like about this machine:
1.  You can sew and embroider on this machine, and it's not ""too"" hard to switch between sewing and embroidery - you have to change out the foot and the base.  The foot gave me some issues in the beginning and I would get frustrated, but I've managed to figure it out.
2.  There are some pre-loaded fonts, and they're nice.
3.  The touch screen is very handy and most of the icons are obvious (some I had to look into the manual for a description)
4.  There are a lot of stitch selections for sewing (I didn't know there were that many options!), and when you select the stitch you want, the screen will tell you which foot to use - yay!
5.  The self-threading needle - omg this makes the world go round.  I have another very nice sewing machine that I never use and partially because it takes me all day just to thread the needle.  This machine does it for you.  Sometimes it misses, but just keep trying - it will get it.
6.  There are numbers on the machine to direct you to threading the machine correctly, and also to help you wind the bobbin.  These are uber helpful for newbies like me because I've got a reminder right there.

What I don't like about this machine:
1.  The pre-loaded patterns suck.  You can use them as practice, but I can't see that I'll ever use them otherwise, and they take up valuable memory on the machine.
2.  This is probably true with all embroidery machines (or maybe not), but I was irritated that I had to buy software to be able to embroider things.  That annoyed me.  There are only a few options - luckily they all have trial periods so you can figure out which ones you like.  To be honest none of them are super user-friendly, so once you get use to one, just stick with it.
3.  There's very little information (that I could find) in the manual on some trouble I've had.  I've had one problem over and over again involving the bobbin thread and I can't find any info in the manual on addressing the issue.  From what I've been able to read online, this may have something to do with the tension and I can't find information on when/why to adjust the tension.  This is so annoying when it messes up in the middle of a pattern!
4.  You're limited to a 4""x4"" hoop size.  There is a larger hoop you can buy for this machine that gives you 7"" x 4"", but you'll always be limited to that 4"".  I would like a larger hoop, but this will do for now.

A tip I learned online: use the spray adhesive instead of hooping your fabric for embroidery.  Hooping will cause puckering of some fabric.  If you hoop the tear-away backing then the temporary adhesive spray keeps everything in place but doesn't pull the fabric.  It gives a much nicer finish."
"I'm very happy with it, but it doesn't sew through thicker fabrics. I tried sewing through an almost canvas thick fabric, but the threat kept sort of ""un-catching"". It's very frustrating. Especially if it were my only sewing machine and it's not sewing like it should.
Other than that, it's fine, but that's a rather big problem since I like making strapless clothes and need a solid foundation for the bodices."
"This is absolutely the best machine for sewing, quilting, and embroidery! It's beautiful, sleek, quiet, and it came with great instructional videos. I can't say enough nice things about this fabulous machine!"
"I located and read up on the Brother SE400 on Amazon.com because my son has a clothing company the entails lots of embroidery in different designs and multiple colors on caps, hats, shirts, etc. My son basically purchased the Brother SE400 to save money by doing his own embroidery projects and I'm glad he did! Although no hats have been embroidered yet, we both are very impressed with the 70 pre-loaded design & lettering samples that we have embroidered on fabric pieces so far! My son will be uploading his own PES designs & fonts into the Brother SE400 soon and I think that things will go very smoothly. I will be learning & using the Brother SE400 for actual sewing & embroidery projects in the near future. **Note: Lots of various Youtube step by step videos have been VERY helpful with the Brother SE400 set-up & detailed sewing projects & etc too! Nice purchase!"
We loved it. I worked perfectly for us.
Love it! Easy to use.
"I've had this machine since 2012, it's very easy to use for sewing quilting and embroidery. I have had very few issues. Just keep a can of air duster to deal with lint. I've used this machine to teach several friends to sew as well as to make many projects myself. I've made quilts from baby size to queen sized and embroidered on just about any fabric imaginable. The only downside is the small embroidery size 4x4 but many designs are available in this size and you can do larger designs by ""rehooping""."
"I am so in love with my sewing machine.  I had a super basic Singer before and I just thought breaking thread and snagged stiches were normal and now I know how much a good machine can change your outcome.  Starting with the auto threading feature and the top load bobbin I was amazed at how easy it was to change thread. I have only used the embroider a handful of times, but only because I haven't had the time to sit down and get comfortable with it.  The few things I've made did come out pretty."
"great machine for a reasonable price, does everything I need it to. love the on line help"
"Bought in June 2016.  Since that time, I have had to take everything apart below the needle plate to tighten.  This machine will not sew and will become very noisy until this is done.  The first time I had to do this was one month after I bought the machine.  I have a lesser model Brother that is 8 years old that sews perfectly.  I am now told that it is too late to return and get an upgraded model."
"So far, it has done everything I needed it to do. As a new user to sewing machines in general, there is a learning curve for me (bobbins, loading, etc) . But it has been fairly intuitive on operation and I am quite sure I have only scratched the surface."
"I feel silly posting this review saying I love it, when I got this for my wife. However, i can most assuredly say that I do know that she loves it. She has been using it pretty solidly since it arrived and she's sewing and embroidering, everything now."
Nice product
My favorite birthday gift! Really great machine! I have had so much fun sewing with this user friendly machine!
Very good my wife loves it
love
"As a beginner with no sewing or monogramming experience, this was VERY frustrating to figure out----I had no clue what a bobbin was.  But, after perseverance and some cussing, I am happy to say that 2 months after receiving this machine as a birthday gift, I feel pretty comfortable with it.  The tutorial CD was helpful.  The manual was ok."
"Great product, great price. It works perfectly, lots of features I didn't expect a machine to do. Recommend it"
Love this machine!
Machine had internal breakage after about 10 designs. Its soooo sensative you have to do everything PERFECT. You have thread it top and bottom and when you hoop something there is no room for error. This machine makes you hate embroidery. I trashed mine.
Good deal
Great machine for beginners.
"Great for a benninger, because it can work like swing and embroidery machine both in one equipment. Extremely easy to use."
Great little machine with some big machine features.  I love it!
"My husband bought me this machine over 6 years ago.  I have had it from Alaska to Texas.  Ive never tried the embroidery part, but I use the many gorgeous stitches for all sorts of projects.  The self-threading and snipping are fantastic features.  More than those I adore not needing to use the foot.  I have 3 dogs and 3 kids and I don't have to worry someone will step on the pedal and I'll be sewing unintentionally.  I love it!

I love this machine so much that as a thank you for coming to help after I brought home baby #3, I thought one of these for my mother.  She had enjoyed using mine many times in the past, and it was a treat for me to get her something so awesome.  Great buy!"
"When you don't know what machine you want, you want to sew, you want to embroider; this machine has it all!  I LOVE this brother machine for everything it has to offer.  I can use just about any stitch you could think of, it's user friendly, and offers so much more than the average sewing machine.  I would buy this machine over and over again!"
"I'm still learning all about what this machine can do, but I am enjoying it so far. it's definitely a good starter machine. It is very easy to learn how to monogram and do characters. I like the manual, but found a lot of helpful videos on YouTube. I would recommend this machine as it is a sewing machine and an embroidery machine all in one. I thought it would be very difficult to thread this machine, but after you've done it a few times, you will become a pro."
My wife was so excited to have this machine but now tested it has no power at all . She looked ok in the box but perhaps the shaking cause something to detach.
Good deal
The embroidery function is not working on this. I have had to take the machine it to get it repaired right out of the gate. The stitching is not tight or well done while working with it. I would recommend just doing it by hand and save yourself the money and heartbreak of buying a new machine and seeing it break immediately.
best Christmas present ever. Love it.
works great i just suck at teaching myself to sew. Hopefully i will be able to take a class at some point because i would love to learn its just hard for me to pick up.
"This was our first sewing/embroidery machine. I guess with anything there a learning curve but it took us a lot of attempts to really understand everything and learn how to use it properly. It is definitely not something you can just rush but a slow process because everything little thing matters.

This machine works well and there are no complaints. I only wish it could work faster but that may be an upgrade to another machine. Overall best beginner machine, great product for the price point."
"I've been sewing all my life. Machine embroidery always looked like so much fun, so I began my research. I was looking for an inexpensive machine with entry level capabilities. After all, I basically just wanted a new ""toy"". This was a good choice. Even though I don't use it often, I enjoyed learning something new, and it's nice to have it available in my sewing arsenal. AND, I was pleasently surprised to find it was a fully functional regular machine with all the latest bells and whistles. I still prefer my old steel Kenmore out of habit, but if I was just starting out, I would buy this one and my Brother 1034D serger."
"Love this machine, easy to change from sewing to embroidering.  Love the display screen.  The auto needle threader is a great help to eyes that have a little mileage on them."
"Only thing I don't like is all software have to be purchased separately
I love this machine , I use everyday"
"Great machine in perfect condition, exactly as described! Great seller too =)"
Wonderful. No foot pedal needed and threading machine so easy
Unfortunately haven't had a chance to use it yet. But I Love Brother Products.
This machine was so easy to use. Practically dummy proof. I taught my 62 year old mother how to use and here and Amy electronics are not friends. We have both made our first quilts on it and couldn't be happier.
I love my machine I love everything I can do with it very much recommend
"I took a basic sewing class with this machine and loved it. It ran smoothly, quiet and easy selection of sewing stitches between computerized screens.  I learned metal bobbins must not be used due to magnetic bobbin holder and machine comes with a variety of accessories.  A foot pedal is included for those who don't feel comfortable using the automatic sew button. The best part was learning that it self threads the needle and bobbin so I don't have to break out the magnifying glasses, it also has an auto cut button."
Really good.
works good
"Let me start by saying I have absolutely NO frame of reference for comparing this or any other sewing machine.  This purchase was started as a whim that I wanted camo curtains and did not find any I liked.  Being a do-it-yourself type of guy, I figured hell I can do that.  And I did.  I based my purchase on previous reviews i'd read here and was not disappointing."
Great machine! It's really easy to use too!
"I love everything about it except changing the needle.  It's very awkward and I have big hands.
I love the needle threader.  The embroidery hoop works great.  It's very user friendly. It's a pretty big bang for the buck!"
Very well put together machine.
Love Love Love this machine and a great value
"Item arrived on time, was just as described and worked well.  Five Stars!!!"
So far so good. It sews like a dream. Last machine I bought is over 18 years old. The auto threaders & cutter is a real plus. I've made my 1st mini quilt on it but have not used embroidery settings. I am loving it.
I love my machine. It's absolutely amazing
"Runs very quiet and smooth. I bought it primarily for sewing, not embroidery. Since I already have a machine, I chose one that did different things than the ones I have.  I love the needle threading feature and the thread cutting feature equally, and am so glad to have both. I am , however having trouble finding the right size bobbins in the fabric stores I frequent... Love to know Amazon has them."
"I haven't had a chance to try out everything that can possibly be done, however, I do enjoy this machine.

Thank you
Sherri Shirey"
So many options! There is so much going on with this machine. It runs smooth and quiet. The embroidery option is easy to attach and use.
This machine is not for sewing.  I have couple machines and even the cheapest one does a better job than this one.  Embroidery is ok. Embroidery does basic small writings and shapes ( you have to be careful with the fabric).  Fabric needs to be thick or supported by the neseccery material.
Love this
Great sewing machine....and I am a guy!
Best choice for the money.
"This machine is so smart! I was intimidated by it (I guess, the idea of it). But the manual has clear instructions and I was up and sewing in no time."
"Love the idea of it, but have not used it."
I love it for the money you cant beat.
"Very light machine, stitches very nicely. Be careful with the threader, very easily broken (broke in less than a week on my 1st machine with extremely light use). Amazon was amazing in getting me a replacement."
"Wonderful product, very happy with this purchase."
I absolutely love it!  Works great!
Absolutely great!!
machine was returned
I was a singer person but this changed that! Just as good for less price who doesn't love that!
"Love many features like auto bobbin rewind, auto needle threading, embroidery, stitch selection. Disappointed that this machine can not handle heavy material like canvass as well as it says. I bought this machine for boating projects, should have bought something more robust I think."
"Love this sewing machine. I've had a number of sewing machines in my 50+ years and this is the quietest and smoothest machine I've ever owned. I haven't used the embroidery option yet, but will do so in the the next couple of days. I'm sure I'll be happy with the results. I'll be sure to up date my review at that time."
I am a self taught sewer. I am still teaching myself. I have yet to use the embroider. I love love love the self threader. The ONLY thing I do not like is the light is not bright enough.
LOOKS WONDERFUL BUT HAVENT EXPERIMENTED WITH IT YET.
"I am so happy, didn't want to go to bed.  This is the most beautiful machine I have seen in a long time.  Why it even arrived with a ""needle"" installed!!! And to wind a bobbin!  You just touch a button, how great can that be!?  We have really come a long way, remembering my first sewing machine purchased in 1965, this so 21st Century...  I started looking for something to sew or mend, and it is so quiet and stitch so smooth, of course it is new, but am I excited, here I am up at 6am could not sleep!  I am so happy I bought this, it is a gift from me to me.  Hurricane Hermine is destroying the coast, steady rain for the past three days, but I am happy!  Oh, yes registering with Brother online was easy and simple, why they even had my information stored from another Brother purchased from the past.  Gotta go, happy sewing."
"I have wanted an embroidery machine machine for over 20 years now and when I found this one so reasonable, I couldn't pass it up and I am a loyal Brother machine use.  This embroidery machine is #3 for me(Brother machine)."
Use daily
"So far, no complaints on this machine.  Works like a charm and produces very nice embroidery work.  Before buying, I had consulted with a few friends to find out they all had this model - even one friend with an Etsy shop.  Easy to learn (pretty key if you are ever going to actually use the thing effectively).  I can whip out great kids birthday gifts, baby gift, friend gifts, and monograms on my own kids' things in no time.  I would highly recommend - for the low-level embroiderer like myself - Combine Design as the S/W to create files for use on the SE400.  I have been very impressed with the SE400.  I would highly recommend it for anyone looking to get into embroidery."
This is an AMAZING machine.  Easy to use and works great even on thick material.  Not for someone that wants to do a lot of embroidery but great for infrequent embroidery use.
"My first time ever working with a sewing machine, or an embroidery machine.  I thought it would be difficult at the beginning to get everything started.  Fortunately my son went through the manual and had everything set up, so I can enjoy sewing and embroidery right away!  Brother SE400 definitely worth its price!

Here are some tips to share:

1.  If the machine is not working properly, or the needle / thread keeps breaking, usually it has something to do with the quality of the thread or the machine is threaded wrong.

2.  If the embroidery design is larger than the 4""x 4"", then the machine won't read it.

3.  For embroidery, one needs to put stabilizer underneath the fabric.  The free one that came with the machine is too thick, and as other reviewers suggested, coffee filter works perfectly for this. If one layer is too thin, a double or even triple would work fine.

4.  Special embroidery threads are recommended for embroidery.  There are plenty of free designs offered on many embroidery design websites so one doesn't need to pay anything.  Down in the first comment I've posted a link that gives out thousands of embroidery designs (.dst format) for free, feel free to share them with your friends or hobby groups.  (Amazon won't let me post the link in the review itself, probably fearing it is an advertisement of some sort.)

5.  As some other reviewers also pointed out, the plastic part where the thread made its first turn on the very top of the machine is not durable enough.  So after some use, threads begin to cut fine  line(s) into it.  Eventually these fine lines would become so sharp that it could damage the thread that comes through it and makes the thread easy to break.

Have fun with the machine!"
"This is my first machine of this caliber so it was a bit overwhelming to have almost 200 pages of instruction. While I've barely scratched the surface of the capabilities I'm impressed. The only issue I'm having is bobbin winding, usually the easiest thing to do. One draw back is NOTHING I own from previous machines work with this one right down to the bobbin."
"this is a one stop all, perfect for those home projects. i do all my stuff on it and you cant go wrong with brother. well packaged and arrived in perfect condition,"
"Is a wonderful machine, sews BEAUTIFULLY!!  For the novice embroiderer, is easy to use with the help of YouTube...  Excellent price for a really good machine!"
Love this machine.  Works very nice and smooth.  Easy to operate and so much more quite than my singer.
"Not because of the sewing machine - I'm sure it's fine. I never got a chance to see it in action. After my (now ex) wife begged me for it, she never used it. I'm sure it's a wonderful product, but I'm giving my review of the product and product experience (plus, it's driving me nuts sitting here, waiting to be reviewed).

Trust me, my 1-star won't affect sales."
Love this machine. Sews wonderful. You can sew witHout the foot petal. It also cuts the thread and has an automatic needle threader  The embroidery part of this machine is awesome. It makes beautiful designs.
purchased as gift.
Purchase for my wife for birthday. She seems to enjoy it and hasn't had any issues out of it!
I've had two of these machines. (What a fool) one lasted a year and the second on lasted 9 months before locking up. The needle threaders only lasted about half of that period before not turning when pushed down. Really disappointed in Brother for selling this machine especially for $300 bucks a piece. All the features on this machine are great but only last a short time. I will never buy another Brother product. Too Bad.
"I've been looking for a good combo machine at a reasonable price and now I have one. I'm very happy with my
purchase and the transaction."
I absolutely love this machine.
"I am brand new to sewing and embroidery, so after reading the great reviews for this machine, I decided to give it a shot. It has been so much fun learning all that it will do, and trying out new things! Just wish you could do larger designs on it. Highly recommend!"
Still learning how to use my new machine but such a good buy you can't go wrong.
Loving my new machine. My only complaint is there are not many designs on it and it's been costly to order a ped card writer and now I have to purchase designs.
Great Job
"Considering the machine I was using was 25 years old.  This one is a gem.  Love it.  Easy to get started with and comes with a quick start guide, a manual, and a cd.  So you get a lot of info to get you started.  I just finally had time to download a new embroidery pattern from my computer to the sewing machine and it worked well for me."
Love my sewing/embroidery machine.  Thankful to have the CD to walk me through the initial use but the machine is user friendly and does a great job sewing and embroidering.
Returning for the embroidery is limited.
"This is a fantastic machine! I love it and would say it is one of the finest machines I have ever used. My sister-in-law was making shower curtains (she lives 7+ hours away) and was coming for a visit. She told me she was going to make button holes for the shower rod hooks to hold the new curtain. Her machine did not ""do"" button holes. I told her to bring her project and use my machine. She made all of the button holes in less the 10 minutes. She has told all of the women in her church sewing group about this machine. My daughter-in-law uses it to embroidery my sons name on his scrub shirt pocket. She has also made hankies with personal messages to several people. The machine is easy to use, trust me, I am not tech savvy . It comes with an instructional CD and the instruction book is clear. There are also videos on YouTube. I would recommend this machine."
Best sewing machine I've used! It works great and I love how you can embroider and sew on one machine! Perfect for crafty moms!
This is the best little machine. Runs so smoothly and can embroider from online designs.
"I purchased this machine, end of June, for a large embroidery project. I cut 162 pieces of satin material to make into drawstring bags. I then embroidered each one but it was such a waste. The stitches are horrible. No matter what I did, they wouldn't come out right. I changed the tension, I changed the needles, I changed the thread. There was no problem on the back of the material. No bunching or knotting. I consistently cleaned the bobbin case and under the needle plate so it wouldn't cause problems. I embroidered on many different tensions to see what looked best but they were all bad. I have tried everything and my project came out horrible. A huge waste of time and money. I do not like this machine and I would not recommend it to anyone. The only reason I gave it three stars was because the sewing function was okay. I'm going to go find something better than this."
"I""m just learning the art of embroidery, and this machine gives me all I need to jump in! My only sadness comes from the fact that there are hardly ANY pretty decorative stitches. I had the runway machine, xr9500 with the 100 stitches, before this one, and I had  already given my it away before I discovered this...boo hoo. But the se400 is such a great machine, I'm STILL giving it 5 stars, since I'm having such a great time with it. lolo"
This machine is VERY easy to use and VERY quiet. i can use it with my baby sleeping nearby. Instructions are easy to read. I wish it had a bigger hoop option but the 4x4 is great for small projects. This is a great starter machine and it's two machines in one!
"I love this machine!  I have had it for 7 months and I'm very happy with my purchase.  Yes, I would recommend this machine!"
wife loves it
"I have had this machine for about a year now and overall am very happy. It works well, the automated sewing is so nice and very convenient. No foot pedal needed, just push a button to start sewing, push a button to stop. There is of course a foot pedal included but it's use is optional.

The automated threading of the needle usually works and it also a really nice feature. I am almost hesitant to say, that I haven't had any issues with bobbins or tension yet either (knock on wood!)

Using it as my primary sewing machine has proven inconvenient; however, as to transition from sewing to embroidering is time consuming and more of a hassle than feels worth it. I opted for a garage sale sewing machine to compliment this one and use it for my straight stitches. Having this machine always embroidery ready is worth the trade off to me.

Memory wise, I haven't had many issues with having files on my computer and connecting the machine to send for embooidery. The display screen is very small and doesn't show exceptionally detailed pictures of your image.

My main complaint comes with embroidery size. Before I bought, I was told I could expand the embroidery field with a larger hoop. This is not quite true. Even with the largest size hoop, you will need to reposition your hoop and work in 4x4 sections with this machine. As far as I can understand, this also means you will need the file broken up into these smaller sections. I have not been able to load larger embroidery files to the machine. The machine simply does not recognize them. This was a disappointment to me. Had I known beforehand, I would have tried to find a machine that allowed for larger embroidery.

Overall though, for small projects, an entry embroidery machine, and working on a budget, I do really like this. I am just ready to do larger projects and disappointed with the limitations of this."
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter, as her old.machine had stopped working and she loved it."
Not bad for the money. Had to replace the needle twice and when I do detailed embroidered pieces or thicker letters the thread pops once or twice. But I'm a beginner so these are things I can work around.
"I received this sewing machine as a Christmas gift from the hubby. I have never sewn in my life BUT I did watch a ton of project runway and I became interested in making my own clothing from my designs. At first it was a little overwhelming when you open the box and there were about a million pieces that came with the machine. However, the quickstart guide with pictures helped my process on getting over the initial shock and getting down to business!
After reading the manual and watching some Youtube videos, I was able to start sewing on the machine. I love how easy it was to get started! Once I started I couldn't stop sewing! There were so many stitches to use but as a beginner, I stayed with the more basic stitches. I liked the touch screen interface when selecting stitching options and the picture on the front of the machine was a quick guide to see the numbers for the various stitches. The machine itself was not heavy and since I really don't have a dedicated sewing room in my home, once I was done sewing, I have to disassemble my work space, including putting the machine away. I haven't used the embroidery feature to date, but with the quick guides, I'm sure I can navigate through it easily. I truly love this machine and the first dress I created drew quite a buzz amongst my friends on social media. People couldn't believe I made that dress myself as a first timer, and they were truly impressed. I know I haven't even touched the surface on what this machine can do, and I can't wait to harness my skills to unlock the true potential of this machine. I can definitely recommend this product to beginners and advanced sewers alike. I hope my review has aided in helping you find your perfect sewing machine, and if you found it helpful please click ""yes"" below. Thank you!"
Embroiders Great once you learn the machine.
Awesome machine. Bought for my wife it's been 5 yrs no issues.
Works really well and actually works much better than a Bernina I had use of for a while.
Amazing machine (SE400) for the money!  I am totally inexperienced when it comes to sewing on a machine but I bought this one to start and learn on.  I was very intimidated by it but now I'm getting in there and actually sewing!  I haven't used the embroidery part of it but I just ordered different kinds of stabilizers so once I get those I will try my hand at embroidery!  Great buy!
This machine is wonderful!  It does everything that a high priced machine will do.  I've ALWAYS had Singer machines but this Brother has absolutely amazed me.  I've had this machine for 7 months now and I sew constantly and I'm thrilled with this machine.
"While a number of the functions are non-intuitive, so far the machine has performed as expected.  I have not used the embroidery feature yet, but look forward to doing so."
I love with this machine it does everything.
"I'd been researching sewing machines that could embroider for months and chose this one after a recommendation from a friend who loved hers. I watched it on Amazon for a few weeks before finally buying it for myself (from my husband!) for Christmas. Life took over and I was finally able to open it up and use it for the first time in May and thankfully it worked! (UPS dropped it off in my garage, but marked it as delivered at my door, so I thought it was stolen!) Anyways, it works so smoothly and I am so happy I upgraded from my first Brother that I bought at Walmart 8 years ago. It may not be a fancy $10,000 embroidery machine, but it works for the projects that this DIYer/wife/mother needs it for!"
"I really loved this product.
My only problem is that it's too restrictive to USA. I bought this sewing machine and took it all the way back to Nigeria, Africa.
I had some fears, cos Brother clearly advised against using it with 220v. And warranty doesn't cover you if you do.
Well, I took a leap of faith, got a 300w converter, used it for my machine and it has been working fine. Infact, we don't have steady power supply in Nigeria, so I use this machine on inverter.
This is not to encourage disobeying rules, but it's for people who love Brother so much and are willing to take that risk.
It paid off for me. And if Brother is reading this, please spread your wings across the world so your product won't be too geographically restrictive, especially in this 21st century.
Saving up to buy a serger from brother.
i love sewing.
Oh, one more thing. Not only does this machine do all my work. It's so gorgeous, so beautiful so fancy. I love everything about it, inside and outside.
Only problem is that it doesn't seem as heavyweight as janome, so I might consider buying janome just for options.
Also, I was really looking forward to having that presser foot that hems while trimming of the fabric at the same time, I think it's called the side cutter. But it wasn't in mine. That's part of the reasons that made me want to get a serger asap."
Love this machine. I'm 58 and it's my first. It embroiders wonderfully and quilting is a breeze!
It's very user friendly and you can't beat the price! It also shipped quickly!
"This sewing machine is so easy to use!  I have not used the embroidery feature yet, but everything else is so nice."
"We bought this as a back up when my wifes 5000 dollar embroidery sewing machine needed maintenance.  We found out the repairman would be on vacation for a week and it would take about a week for the repair.  This machine is by no means a match for her regular machine, but it did help her get her sewing fix and she still uses it for smaller easier sewing projects."
"I enjoy this machine. It's used daily. Prior to this machine, I hated sewing of all kinds. Probably because my machine was a POS. This machine is extremely user friendly. I downloaded and use SewWhatPro to make my embroidery designs. The designs and fonts on the machine lack quality. But I download my own and it's great. Have also made all new drapery for my home. Thanks to the hubs for buying it for mee"
"Good embroidery machine to start out. But it's probably better to buy the next step up because I quickly outgrew it.

The tension was a constant problem and sewing knits was tricky.

On the good side, it's a great machine for simple patterns"
"I purchased this sewing machine about two weeks after my first grand-daughter was born (June 2011).  I can't remember exactly how long I researched before choosing this model, but it was weeks.  I wanted a machine that would do embroidering for lots of cute little girl things but I needed to be able to use it for heirloom sewing as welland it had to be at an affordable price.  With 67 sewing stitches, an automatic needle threader (much needed with my aging eyesight) and drop in bobbin, it fit my needs exactly.

The machine itself is sturdy and well made.  The embroidery frame is removed for regular sewing but it is easy to install and uninstall.  It comes with buttonhole and button feet.  As well as monogramming, embroidering, overcasting and blind stitch feet.  The scissors that came with it (along with other things like a seam ripper) were excellent.  I was expecting them to be the sort of small, cheap scissors that come in the dollar pack at the discount store--however, they cut great (they are small).

The sewing machine is usable, even by beginners, straight out of the box and the manual included is excellent.  The embroidery unit and use is a little more complicated but still fairly easy to learn.  The Brother SE400 has a 4"" x 4"" embroidery hoop with 70 built in designs which are very cute--my favorite, however, are the 5 font styles (I've used them a lot).  You can also download designs and transfer them via the enclosed usb cord.
Learning which stabilizers to use and when, how to hoop you item correctly, and how and when to change colors to get the right result can be tricky.  I learned a lot by trial-and-error.  But, I also found a ton of how-to articles and videos online.  Reading and watching all of that material not only helped me get the result I wanted quickly, but also gave me lots of ideas for projects.

I suggest you use the built in designs and fonts for a while--don't invest in a lot of designs you might only use once and then decide machine embroidery is just not your thing.  And I can't emphasize enough to read the manual and then go online and read some tutorials and watch some videos.  This machine helped me create the cutest things for my grand-daughter (and now for the newest one).

Oh, don't forget to order some embroidery thread (lots available online) and stabilizer.  You might want to order a small lot of thread and a pack of the pre-cut stabilizer until you've gotten used to the machine and understand which stabilizers are best to use with you particular project.  Sometimes the water soluble is best--but the pre-cut can be used for almost everything, at least until you are more comfortable with stabilizers and hooping techniques.

I hope I haven't left anything out.  Since I've had the machine five years, I think I'm uniquely qualified to say it a great machine.  And, as an added plus, the machine keeps it value.  I paid about the same price that they are selling for today.
https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B003AVMZA4/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1"
"Tension problems! This has been a good introductory machine but I have had constant problems with the upper tension which causes massive ""birdnesting"" underneath my patches. Not happy and probably wouldn't buy another one."
"!!
good good good very good!!"
"I love it!!! Only 2 downfalls that I have found - the bobbin holder UNDER the needle instead of on the front. You have to remove your material and hope you can line it back up if your bobbin runs out of thread. If it was in the front of the machine like my old one that wouldn't be an issue. Next downfall, not enough memory for big embroidery designs. However, I still absolutely love my machine!!!"
I love this machine. It can only do 4 inch images but it works like a dream. So easy to thread and it didn't take long for this beginner to learn.
"I love, love, love this machine!
I'm a complete beginner and I had it only for a couple of days, but I'm already sewing and embroidering my heart away :)
It's super easy to setup, the instruction manual guides you through everything with step-by-step instructions and comes with basically all you need (and then some).

A note about the embroidery part. I read over and over again that you have to spend a lot of money to buy programs and that it is quite difficult to have your own designs ready for the Brother to sew.
What I can tell you is, I'm on a Mac and it took me less than half an hour to create my own design, digitize it and put it in the machine - and at zero cost. I'm attaching a photo so you can see (it's super shabby, I know, but it was after all just a test to see if everything worked out).

Super happy with purchase!"
Great buy!
"I bought this machine over a year ago; it is fabulous! The embroidery function works really well, but the sewing function is FANTASTIC! it's such an awesome little machine. I highly recommend it! This machine will introduce you to the wonderful world of embroidery; which will eventually cause you to want a bigger machine with a larger embroidery area... but you will want to keep it forever because of the quality of the sewing and stitching. I've had 3 other sewing machines (brands: White and Singer), this is by far the best I've used."
"I love my sewing machine.  The embroidery function is fun and I was afraid that the 4"" x 4"" size might be too small for my uses, but it has been perfect.  There was a learning curve for me, with the thread tension, but I was able to figure it out."
Love this machine. So easy to use. The work it does is gorgeous.
"Full disclosure - this is my wife's sewing machine.

I did, however, help her get things set up and assist her with getting familiar with the machine. She was wrestling with the instructions on how to thread a bobbin, and get the bobbin installed in the machine. I pointed out that the steps are basically right there on the machine. After she saw that, everything has been a breeze. She was pretty elated when she did her first embroidery job. She really loves the machine. She has probably used it for about 40 hours at this point and has had no issues to date.

I see that it's currently listed at $318. When I bought it, it was $264. Set up a price alert on camelcamelcamel (or another website) if you're not in a rush, and you'd like to get this at a more affordable price. At $264 it's a 5-star sewing machine all day. At $318 it's among some more stiff competition that might drop it down a star."
"Having used this machine for a few months I can say it's a winner. I don't miss my old Singer in the least.  It has lots features found on more expensive machines and performs all it's functions well.  The only critique I would give would be with the owners manuals.  They really aren't very well written at all, but a trip to YouTube will usually answer any questions you have."
"This is just about The Best machine in this price range, so many high end features. I am so pleased with this machine, the self threader is second to none, the alphabets, embroidery, goodness, for this price!!! I've owned it now for 3yrs and would buy another, as good as the higher end machines except if you do quilting and then the harp is a little too small to try and pull a big quilt through, but you can still do all the piecing/patchwork for the quilt top. Love this machine, high quality, still holding it's price, paid about $350.00 3 yrs ago and work every penny."
i will buy this item .. but i want to know  .. which vot this will be .. ?!!
"This is a great Sewing machine. The Embroidery part works well, but takes some adjustment to get the tension right. Sort of hard to find documentation on how to do this, so you just have to feel it out.
The biggest complaint is more of a failure to research properly on my part. I bought it in order to put my LOGO on shirts, etc... The problem was finding software that could do that. Any of the software that is decent is VERY EXPENSIVE... Seriously, most are more than the machine itself. Another problem is the process of getting the design to the machine. I got it to work after some trial and error, but I'm pretty much a computer geek! I can't imagine people with just basic computer skill making this work easily.
I will say though, you can go on sites like ETSY and find people who will create the files for you quite cheaply. If you are buying this for a single logo or project, that is the way to go. Get it once and use it as often as you want. I got mine for $20 from a woman on ETSY. If your plan was to use it for a LOT of designs and projects, the software may put it out of your budget."
best sewing machine she ever had
espectacular recomendado 100%
This sewing machine is so awesome and easy to use.
This machine is a dream come true. I bought it to replace a 20 year old Brother machine. Great price for what this machine can do. The features on this are incredible. Automatic threading has blown my mind! Adding patterns to this is super easy but will require a computer . The hoop that comes with it is big enough to do small (35 ish) embroidery designs so order a bigger hoop if you need larger designs. Comes with a spool of embroidery bobbin thread but not any other thread for doing designs.
"Very happy with my purchase!! everything arrived as described,i would recommend!!"
I love everything about this machine!!! It was a wonderful gift for myself!
Looks good
"Love it! Love it! Love it!
Nothing more to say! I love my brother sewing/embroidery machine!"
"I really wanted this to work, but I guess I got a dud.
Unpacked & set up, took about an hour since I took my time, made sure all the parts were there. Spent about another hour or two checking out video's on you tube on the operation of the machine. There are some good ones.
Installed the embroidery device, threaded the spool, got an old tshirt, cut out a suitable piece of material from it to run my first test. Doublr checked everything. Used one of the simpler designs in the machine & went for it.
Needle started to embroider & then stopped.
Display gave me this ""the bobbing thread running out""
Tried several times, with same error.
Checked on line for solution with no results.
Finally I caved & contacted brother support. Was told to clean out the lower bobbin area as that error means lint or thread may be blocking it. A vacuum was mentioned as a good tool. I humored them and I indeed used a vacuum to clean my brand new machine, of this mysterious lint/thread problem. But as soon as I told them this was a new machine they told me to take it to a brother repair store. Problem with this is the nearest repair store is one city away. I don't have a car, so I asked if they supply the means of transporting my machine to & from my house. Their answer of course was no.
I spent the better part of a day setting this up and trying to figure out what was wrong with it, I wish I could charge brother for my time, guess not.
Brother were pretty quick in response time & their answers were on the mark.
What I have issue with is this device not being quality control tested correctly before leaving the factory floor.
Back she goes, thank god I have Amazon Prime. Amazon you rock. Brother not so much."
"My husband purchased this machine for me as a gift. It is one of many that I had been looking at. I have been sewing for almost 30 years and have owned many different machines but had never owned an embroidery machine before this one.  It came with special embroidery bobbin thread and just a couple of bobbins- so be prepared to purchase more. The instructions that came with it are easy to follow and include a large instruction manual and a small, short and sweet user guide. I was so excited to use the machine and the first thing I made were some cute butterfly crib shoes for my 10 month old daughter. The machine worked effortlessly and I had no issue with it at all. I've had the machine for a few months now and went back to embroidery something and forgot to use the correct presser foot. I thought the machine was broken. My daughter had dropped the embroidery sliding/moving piece that attaches to the left of the machine. Nope, it was NOT broken. User error. Huge sigh of relief. FYI- I used heavy suede bottoms and two layers of canvas for each section of the shoe. So where they overlap, there are five layers including suede. The machine went over it without hesitation. My tip- read the instructions, use the correct presser feet, correct needle and HAVE FUN!"
OMG I Love this sewing machine !! Best price anywhere. If your looking for a good sewing and embroidery machine I highly recommend this machine
Great machine at and it does so much...
"My first embroidery machine.
This is the best purchase I've made for my sewing hobby.

Reasonably priced and very very easy to use.
I youtube'd videos on how to use. Super simple.

Just a push of a button and your on your way to creating beautiful work.

Creating is endless with this machine.

I recommend this one, as it's a 2 in 1 (sewing machine and embroidery machine)
Some embroidery machines aren't also a regular sewing machine."
This is a great all around machine
I bought this machine as a total beginner so that I could learn to sew and have the option for embroidery later. I have a had one lesson with the machine and I love it. It is very easy to figure out and use - if I can do it anyone can!
"this sewing machine is perfect! it comes preloaded with a lot of embrodiery options and if that isn't enough, you can hook up to the computer and download even more! i love this machine"
"I bought this on eBay. Then I proceeded to buy 100 needles as I brake one about every 15 seconds, takes me a full effing day to decorate a small one colour logo.  Bobbin thread gets jammed and then tangled inside, needles snapping off with every 6th stitch, upper thread get caught on something and snaps making me pause the process every 30 seconds to reload. The only thing this machine does well is destroy my inventory. I recommend buying all of them and then smashing every last one."
Not easy to use.
MY MOTHER GAVE ME THIS AS A BIRTHDAY GIFT AND ITS THE BEST GIFT  IVE EVER GOTTEN. I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS MACHINE!
"I bought this machine for the embroidery feature. I spent the first day practicing on dish towels using the included images and fonts. They turned out beautifully! My first real project was a memory quilt which required purchasing and downloading images.  With a little help from Brother.com, the download was simple. After the blocks were made, I tried the sewing feature. I LOVE THIS MACHINE! It comes with a wide variety of presser feet, and an even wider variety of built-in stitches.  By far the best feature is the ease of threading the machine....especially the automatic needle threader.  I've been sewing for 40 years and I've never had as much fun as I've had this past month with my new Brother SE400!"
Wife loves making stuff. Great price and warranty through square trade
This is a wonderful machine and it is so easy to use once you've gotten past the simple fact that this thing doesn't only have stitch or button options! I was using a machine from the 70s and I finally upgraded and WOW was it an upgrade! I love this thing so much!
I haven't used it. It does so many things but way over my head. 
DIDN'T WORK AS WELL OR AS EASY AS DESCRIBED.  STILL HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO MAKE IT WORK PROPERLY!
"I've always purchased Singer, but after being very disappointed with my last Singer purchase decided to try another brand.  I read the reviews and thought Brother was a good inexpensive option.  I am totally impressed with how smooth it runs and how quickly I was able to start using the embroidery hoop and images.  It was much easier than the almost $1000 Singer that only lasted 7 years.  If you are looking for something a little more simple for your 1st embroidery machine, this is your machine.  I can't say enough about how impressed I am with it and I've been sewing for over 30 years (altering prom and wedding dresses, pants and suits and other projects)."
"I did a fair amount of research before buying this machine Oct 2015 and now wish I had done more.  For the price, it is OK, I guess.  It is just so temperamental but guess that is because it was so cheap.  It is very easy to move the speed lever on the machine while sewing.  If you have bulky fabric, the fabric can actually move the lever.  It is also easy to hit the cut button when you are trying to hit the reverse button.  It would be helpful if the buttons were further apart.  The auto cut feature does not always work.  I bought a box of 144 bobbins (recommended on the Amazon site for the SE400) to use with the embroidery feature but while on one of my customer service calls I was told not to use any pre wound bobbins and to only use the bobbins on the Beother web site.  Bummer. I am used to a sturdy machine and this does not quite compare.  Parts are hard to reach and access and I spend a fair amount of time on the service line.  I have been sewing for 50 plus years so it is not because I don't know what I am doing.  On the plus side, customer service is EXCELLENTLY - they even have customer service reps right here in the US,  so you don't have to struggle trying to understand heavy accents.  They are very nice and try to solve your problem quickly.  A lot of the embroidery patterns on IBroidery.com will not work on this machine, the nicer ones anyway.  Again, all this is probably due to the lower price point of the machine.  I just wish I had spent more to get something better or done a better job researching.  Don't think I could recommend this particular model."
I had fun monogram my clothes  works  well  and after several times using does not seem complicated  to use
I use this machine and wonder why in the world I didn't get it sooner. I'm in love.
Nice product for beginner and experienced as well. I owned an older model and wanted an updated version.  I love this machine.  You won't be disappointed if you purchase ur for home use.
This one is good but needs more information for using
"This is a pretty temperamental machine.  The drop in bobbin is great for loading but tends to get caught up and make a huge mess underneath the plate.  It also skips stitches like crazy when sewing manually (knits), even with needle swaps, tension checks, and clean outs.  Good for learning the ins and outs of embroidery, but definitely not a lifetime machine."
Love it.
Second machine of this model that I bought. Bought for sister-in-law.
Excelente producto
Good to learn not for a business.
Love using it!
"Very, Very happy. Shipped quickly."
"Couldn't've picked a better first sewing machine for myself. I personally haven't tryed embroidering but I love having the option. That being said, with as great of a machine as it is I have ran into problems with it. I've fixed them all myself but a common problem was sewing on fabric it didn't like and having it jam up with thread. I've been able to fix every problem I've encountered in less than ten minutes (loud noises and all!) so I think it's mostly user error than the machine itself. I've had no problems with the needle breaking often, or getting loose like I've heard happens with some machines, in fact the only needle that's ever broken in the two years since I've had it was when my mom tried to sew an overstuffed pillow shut and it was very easy to replace the broken needle. Overall a 10/10 for recreational sewing, not the best if you want a heavier duty, more assembly line production type of sewing though. I'd wholeheartedly recommend!"
Love ittt so goooood
"Love this sewing machine, has everything you need!"
"***Update*** Almost 2 years after purchase! This machine is a great machine! I just recently did embroidery on our kids school shirts with this machine and it came out beautiful, Mario characters, Minecraft etc. Super nice job! I did end up giving this machine to my mom because her regular sewing machine was not working anymore and I now have a Husqvarna Viking embroidery machine but I still love certain features of this machine more and so I missed it when I gave it to my mom and I went and updated and bought an SE625-- I have to say, if you are going to spend this anyway- go for that machine, I cannot even begin how much better it is!!! It has a color touch screen where you can manipulate what you are working on in so many more ways! You can curve text, change colors, sizes, rotate tiny amounts like 10 degrees and it is just amazing, it cam with a CD that contains 200 embroidery designs and not stupid ones either, really nice ones I will actually use-It was only $360 At WMart store!!!

 I love Brother products! We have a huge color laser printer and it is amazing, I print like mad on there for my business and it just goes with it flawlessly. These embroidery machines are the best in My Personal Opinion. I love my Husqvarna, it does a lot of very different & beautiful stitches, the online software the machine came with is great and most importantly and the very reason I got it was because it embroiders up to 6 x 10 inch designs; but it was more than 3 times the price and I got the cheapest one they offer, no touch screen, no color on the screen, it is monochrome. And so the best value for the money is absolutely the Brother brand. When I upgrade again, which will probably be in at least 5 years! I will choose a Brother for sure because I feel if they can offer these amazing machines for this price, imagine what you get when you spend more; just how I feel about it. ***The threader on Brother machines is fantastic, it literally Never fails, I fight with my Husqvarna at times, trying 3 or 4 times to get the thread in there with the threader, their threader is a stupid design!

***UPDATE!!!*** 1 Year Later after my 1 Star Review...
It has been almost exactly a year since the purchase of the SE400. It was a wretched machine to me for a while at first- having the problems it did from being thrown together by whoever put it together (read below)... I wanted to come back and say that my crafty husband that he is, looked online for a complete repair manual on the machine=we found one for $5.00. We bought it, immediately downloaded it and immediately found a sewing machine parts online store that we as regular people could buy from... It's not as easy as it sounds. You have to look for a good one if you have issues and take this route like we did. Well we got the parts, he put them on, easily I might add with the manual. It needed an entire back plate cover-$13.00- for where it was all cracked and then after using it a bit more after the first review a spring just popped out and it would not perform any of the stitch functions other than straight. So it needed a tiny spring also-it was under $1.00 from the online store.

The machine works great now. It was fixed for under $30. by hand(my husband's :)) and I am incredibly pleased with it. I still cannot give it  a 5 star because of the condition it arrived to me in but and it's a big BUT.... It does a wonderful job stitching embroidery and I am so pleased with it now. If you have issues with it, try to fix it yourself before spending hundreds... we bought this machine to save money right??? We did anyway or I would have gotten a Viking :)  My husband did fix it but after watching him and being able to look at the repair manual myself, if it has anymore problems I am confident I am going to fix it myself. The repair manual literally tells step by step how to fix any issue including motor issues. It is what the professional you will take it to will use to fix your machine. It is a great machine for the money... Hands down. With the terrible and I mean terrible time I had with it- Yep She made me cry a time or two... It is a really good machine and works like a charm now. Getting some nice digitizing software this coming week and am very excited about it. I made a rag quilt two weeks ago after cutting out several hundred squares on my new big shot pro sizzix machine(awesome btw) and this machine went through 16 layers of flannel with only 2 complaints(beeps& then stops) the whole quilt.

***First review on se400*** I was SO excited about getting this model! My husband bought it for me for by birthday... I work from home making kids clothing and baby items so I can stay with the kids and be a stay at home mom while also making a bit of cash... I needed this machine to make my production time faster and so I could make personalized items for my business.

  I got it, it worked okay... The thread broke more than on any other machine I had... but I thought it was just the thread, the run of the mill thread I use in my serger and my $50 Brother PRW6800. As I used it more and more and realized the thread is breaking more and more and wondered why... I bought more expensive thread- $9.00 a spool mercerized cotton thread for sewing and 40 weight embroidery thread for embroidery.  Still, every time I sewed I will have broken threads.  So I thoroughly inspected my machine and found these tiny little scratches in my machine where the thread goes through.  This is a defective unit that I received.  Yet I must leave a negative review because my 30 days return policy is up on Amazon.  Also the lady at the Brother company said I can drive an hour and a half away to take my machine to the Brother certified repair shop/dealer and they can fix that for me but she did not have pricing... So all of this is because I did not notice these tiny cuts in the machine until just a few weeks ago because they ARE TINY!  Never less they seriously affect the performance of my machine.  I placed my order the last day of February, now the middle of May and I just noticed the cuts 1 month ago. The problem is worsening, they look more like cracks now and are very pronounced when you look at them closely and I am actually afraid that this part may, at some point, break off now.

My tension is never right, it can never be right because the thread will continue to break for the lifetime of the machine because of these tiny cracks that my machine came with.  This part of the machine obviously got scratched or fell or something, when it was being put together and nobody thought it would be a big deal but it was to me, it is to me.  Because now I fight with this machine every single day to get it to sew properly and it doesn't sew right.  The integrity of the thread is compromised from the cracks that the thread constantly gets caught in and and just breaks my expensive thread and ruins my pieces and forget being able to embroider a design without having the thread break, its just a joke.  My embroidery designs look AWFUL because it constantly breaks mid design.  It just is very disappointing.  This machine is a complete disappointment.

Another problem that my machine has is the thread cutter, the automatic thread cutter does not work half the time.  this is okay but it was supposed to work every single time, not half the time.  I did, however, need this machine to sew and when it is shredding the thread in these cuts right in the second step on the threading guide, how can it sew properly.
 I have spent good money on Brother products, we also just bought a $200 Brother laser printer.

My suggestion to anyone that is buying this se400 machine is thoroughly inspect it as soon as you get it because if you don't and find a problem if there is, within the first 30 days of buying it, you WILL NOT be able to do a thing about it. In my personal opinion it was $315.00 down the drain.  I am incredibly surprised that the company has done nothing about it. I will be sending the pictures to them also and hopefully get something done about it.  I wish my time did not run out with Amazon because this was an expensive machine and it is so obviously defective from the manufacturer, there is no way someone at home could make these marks... I just want to return it and get a different machine.  So many problems with a machine that is only 2 and a half months old."
great machine!!!
I love this machine. I bought my old machine in 1974 so this is definitely and upgrade for me. No more threading needles and no more oiling my machine. This machine is light weight and easy to move around. I haven't used all the features yet but I am excited to get back into sewing.
"I am going to preface this with a disclosure: I am a sewing professional with clients around the world.  I have sewn on industrial machines as well as $5,000 home-machines (my current Baby Lock Aria), and on $100-no-name machines. So my range of sewing machine experience is pretty vast.  I have also owned the previous version of this machine, the SE-350.  I am going to base my review on the SE-350 for one simple reason: Aside from the SE-400 having a USB-port for embroidery, they are literally the exact same machine.  Someone at Brother realized people don't want to buy a PED-reader to use the embroidery function.  I also am not going to review the embroidery function since I have a dedicated Elna machine for embroidery.

This is a very solid, reliable machine.  I abused the daylights out of my SE-350, and ended up burning through it in about three years.  It was my primary machine during that time with a Brother XR7700 as my back-up machine.  Now NORMALLY that would be cause for anger since these machines are expected to last m/uch longer.  BUT I also use machines a lot more than intended.  I don't do just an hour or two a week, which is how a machine will last you 20 years.  I punish machines and put 20 years of use on them in a year or two.  So I got the full expected use out of the machine, and then some.  If I didn't feel I got my money's worth, I wouldn't have gotten the SE-400 as a new back-up machine to my new primary machine (the aforementioned Baby Lock Aria).

This machine sews well, and is easy to use.  The fastest setting is a little slow for my taste at this point as I'm used to my much-faster Aria, but for the typical sewer, the top speed is more than adequate.  It will skip stitches if you try sewing through several layers of denim, though, to be fair, even though that's a selling point of some machines, do you ever anticipate sewing through so much denim?  This my post a problem if you sew extremely-gathered skirts to small waistbands, like the 10 YARDS of fabric I just gathered to a 28""-waistband, but if you take it slow, you'll do fine.  This machine doesn't sew quite as smoothly or quietly as my Aria, but it's also not that $5,000-machine.  For the price of this machine, even the full price nearer $500, you do get a machine that's pretty damned comparable though, and most people will never use the extra features on the Aria.  All in all, I can't recommend this machine highly enough as a sewing machine."
"This machine after using for about 30 days started having problems with the thread.  First the thread wrapped about an internal piece of the machine.  Every time I use it, the bobbin if it runs out of thread, never stops or informs me that the bobbin is low or out of thread.  Today the thread from the top wrapped about the internal part of where the bobbin sits.  I would return this for a more expensive machine.  Also, I was told by two sewing stores that this model is never sold at a dealer since it is a lesser quality machine."
Great product!!
Love this machine
Great machine
"Great service and nice product. Brother is kind of not usually the best quality and we've already had some problems with it, but I usually can fix them for my wife. I'm pretty handy with mechanical things being an engineer. Just be aware that sometimes you have to be able to trouble-shoot things that are going wrong to use this machine effectively."
Easy to use once you read the instructions.
Still playing with it and figuring it out.  But love what it can do.
I'm a beginner and this machine works great for me. Although embroidering can be difficult at times.
"I was surprised with this product from my wife.
We both are in love."
I just love this machine.
don't recommend this machine for anything other than hemming something. Its obviously a design flaw as the first was broke when I got it and the replacement was equally bad. Sounds as though the insides are coming undone and flying apart! Has ruined quite a few items of clothing trying to embroidery an initial. Not worth the money at all!!
"There are a lot of features I really like, but every time I sew something goes wrong: it stops cutting the threads, the bobbin tension isn't working, I go through lots of needles, etc. In 6 months of usage I've had it in to a repairman twice. I'm frustrated and would like to trade it in for another model."
IVE USED THIS BEOFRE AND I NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS. WHEN I GOT MY OWN ITS OK. WISH I SEWED A LITTLE BETTER. EMBROIDERY WORKS GREAT
"Yes, I very much I liked my new machine!  It sews lovely and I'm having great fun with the embroidery."
I am obsessed this my new machine! ! Want to go bigger now!! Only drawback is cost of software
"Purchased this as a gift for my wife. She absolutely loves it. She has been embroidering all sorts of things like towels, backpacks and blankets. This machine works well and with it being able to be used as an embroidery machine and a sewing machine makes it even better."
The sewing machine has worked fine for me. Can't say the same for the embroidery portion. I waste a ton of thread and ruin projects trying to get the embroidery working correctly.
I am loving this machine.  This is my second Brother Sewing machine and both just work for me. I especially like the needle threader and the thread cutter features.  And I liked the price as well.
"This machine is disappointing. I been using this sewing machine just about two months. At first did embroidery and sewing dress here, but now, I hardly finish anything. I been doing the same thing they advise, rethread and check bobbins etc.,  This is really frustrating. They advise me to go to brothers shop but guess what , no brothers shop her in hawaii. Uuggg. I really wanted to return this machine out of frustration already. Im giving up with this. Waste of time checking if I put everything right in position. Like i been cheking it for an hour every time the machine Jam but nothing happen. The embroidery thing too, I hardly finish letter initials without the thread getting out of the needle."
Can't wait to use this. Thank you so much
Love this little machine.  It's a work horse.
"My first embroidery machine.  Such a value.  Connect to a computer, and the options are endless."
Great Deal
"I have used this so much since I bought it. I do not have a lot of sewing experience, but this machine is so easy to use!"
Oh my God!  The perfect machine ever!
Great embroidery machine! You just can't beat this for the price.
"I bought this machine for my anniversary with my fiance' at a discount from the Amazon Warehouse for having been used, and the machine having some superficial aesthetic defects. For having paid approximately $200 for the machine, it has been marvelous. Definitely, it has proven to be a very pleasant machine to work with. The bobbins don't give trouble, it sews easily (AND QUIETLY) while being easy to set up. It is remarkably light for the dedicated piece of machinery that it is, and it has yet to give any trouble.

Having said that, we have not put the higher functions of this machine completely through its paces. We've mostly gone through traditional machine sewing with projects both planned and rushed. For what this machine can do, and how it has performed, it seems to be a great purchase."
Love the machine. Would recommend to anyone.
"Amazing machine, it was an awesome buy the only downside is when it gets low on thread in the bobbin it stops your stride every five seconds and you have to clear it on the screen even though it still had a bit of string left"
"I purchase this  Brother SE400 Combination Computerized Sewing Machine, I absolutely love it. Although I'm still learning all about how to use it."
Love this machine. Still learning new projects that can be done with it. Easy to use
I love my machine.
I absolutely love my machine. I've had it since February and I'm already wanting to upgrade to a bigger one. I bought this size so I could learn how these machines work. I am completely satisfied so far. Only downfall is the biggest embroidery size you can do is 4x4. Coats and Clark thread is not recommended for this machine. If you use it you can go ahead and pack it up to take it to the shop. The thread shreds like crazy with it. Other then that if you're wanting a starter machine and don't want to spend a bunch of money this is the one for you.
sew easy to use
Love Love Love my new machine! Its so much fun!
Love my machine! Haven't had any issues with it. The only drawback is I wish the embroidery hoop was bigger.
Great customer service but things are constantly messing up nothing broke just will randomly jam for no reason but if you can get passed that it works well
Was a little disappointed in the few choices to use. Have gotten it out and ready to go but have not used it yet.
SEWING MACHINE ARRIVED AS DESCRIBED AND DEFINITELY USE THIS VENDOR AGAIN.
"My greatest fear about the purchase of this machine has come true. It broke. Just a little over a month after purchase. A small ""spring"", you know the cheap folded metal type of spring, has broken and ended up in the bottom of the bobbin case. Now it doesn't stitch at all, just makes a mass of threads down in the bobbin area. Sometime the price is really just too good to be true and this is one of those moments. I have to say I hoped that the reliability of the machine would equal the ratings, not the price. It was wonderful until it broke. 4 or 5 stars. If you don't plan on doing anything but light sewing and an occasional embroidery, I would highly recommend this machine compared to the price of it's competitors. But don't expect to get a Janome or Bernina at this price."
Sews very well. Took a lot of effort to find software to do embroidery without having to spend a lot of money.
Does what it says so far!
Very nice sewing machine for the money
"I researched all kinds of machines.  I sat down at one of the fabric stores to figure out what I wanted and or really needed.  This fit the bill.  After I got the machine.....It works great, you really don't need the USB stick, it hooked right up to my lap top.  If you are not sure what to get, the price, the machine and the great functions should sell you.  I love this machine."
I have only had mine for about a month but I love it! If you are a beginner I highly recommend this machine! Very easy to use! Even if you cant figure something out there are so many videos on YouTube on how too do something with it! Money well spent!
"Love this machine.  Two hours after unpacking the machine, I was using the embroidery machine on my first project.  The machine is easy to use, directions are simple to follow, and you tube has a video on anything you would want to do with the Brother SE400.  I love this machine, I did a lot of research before making a purchase.  I have not been disappointed at all.  If you are considering buying an embroidery machine, you will not regret purchasing the Brother SE400.  The 4X4 hoop is plenty big for anything I have wanted to do."
"My wife the love with the sewing machine it has been enjoying it ever cents she purchased it or we purchased it two years ago. Sorry it's taken so long but it is one of the better purchases with made one Amazon. Good price, good sewing machine,  in a great deal thank you."
"This is my first embroidery machine...my husband bought me this for Christmas.  It is also a sewing machine.  I am still learning, but so far things have been very easy and my projects turned out great.  The instructions are easy to follow.  I would recommend this for the beginner (like me). All my grandchildren picked out a design for me to do on a shirt for them.  They loved them!"
Daughter loves it
"Very happy with the machine, have not gotten to use it much yet."
"I got this for my birthday in September from the inlaws and Im seriously in love with this machine! I've been going crazy downloading and embroidering everything, its so easy. I'm also looking into how to creating my own embroidery designs so I can save a few bucks, but right now any design I need at this time, I can usually find on Etsy. I'm also cosplayer, so I need a machine that works really well with all types of Fabrics and I'm super happy with the results!"
"I love this machine. It is easy to use. The only thing that would make it better is if you could go bigger with the fonts. For the price though, the fonts and designs on it are great."
Absolutely LOVE it
I'm still trying to figure it out.
"Exactly what I was looking for, great features, easy to use.  Wonderful!"
This is a sewing machine that is easy to learn and is very enjoyable to work on.  I haven't used the embroidery side of the machine yet because I have some commitments to finish some projects for others but I will use the embroidery attachment eventually.  If you are a beginner or an expert you will love this machine.  I didn't think I would use the auto backup or the auto thread cutter but I can tell you that you will come to appreciate those two features as they will save you thread and lots of time.  GREAT MACHINE!
I would not recommend this at all as I used it twice for an hour each time before it broke. I balled Brothers and they did not have a solution for the problem and have to drive 50 miles to drop to get repaired. The problem I have is the lever for the pressed foot does not raise up and it will not sew. Don't buy as Brothers was unhelpful and if I could have returned it I would have. A total waste of money and I never even got a chance to use the embroidery portion
Excellent machine!
"So Happy with this purchase!!.I don't get the horror stories about this machine at all, they must have been using either the wrong thread or tension, because this is a very powerful and amazing machine. I bought a smaller hoop so I could embroider baby clothing and it looks great!!! The only thing I wish I had read is that it does not support the bigger hoops like the 9X9 hoop. Stitches are beautiful and the machine is not nearly as loud as all my singers or my janome. I recommend this machine to novice embroiders and expert sew'ers!!"
"I have now owned this machine over a year so I thought I could give it a really full review.
First, I purchased it refurbished through Ken's sewing center.  I was hesitant but it was the only way I could afford it.  I have not regretted it.  I later went back and purchased a refurbished serger from them too. Both have been a great value.  They were super nice to work with.
So embroidery-I assume most people looking at this machine are entry-level, as was I. Here are some things you need to know.  There is a lot more start up costs involved than just the machine.  The thread, bobbins, repositionable hoop, a variety of stabilizers/heat bond will all be necessary and add up quickly so factor this in. Additionally, the machine comes programmed with some designs but they are frankly lame.  So you will need to purchase designs. I have actually found quite a bit free online and buying through etsy and different designers during sales keeps that cost relatively low but you still need to factor it in.  THEN you need software.  I have downloaded free trials of embrilliance and sew what pro and liked both but I plan to purchase sew what pro which is $60-ish dollars (much less than embrilliance and I think easier to use.)  There are many videos on youtube that help you get going and if you have basic computer knowledge it's really pretty simple.  Mostly a matter of transferring files around. There are also two facebook groups for this machine that are great resources so if you're on social media, join them.  The biggest complaint about this machine I see is the size of the embroidery field.  Yes, it's small.  The repositionable hoop is a must in my opinion.  It is only $30 or so but really helps extend your machines capabilities.
SO.  Sewing.  I am entirely self taught with sewing. For a few years I had a $100 brother and then moved up to this.  This machine is like a Cadillac next to my first.  So user friendly.  Has all the right features.  Easy to thread, easy to adjust.  A great variety of stitches.  It is not going to do heavy-duty sewing for you.  (In my opinion that's what you need a vintage machine for.)  Comes with a nice variety of presser feet and the thread cutter seems like a silly feature at first but I love it now.
I have really been able to crank out some great projects with this machine and it has really grown with me from beginner to sort of intermediate now. I just love it.  It is not my only machine but it is my main machine.  I'd recommend it to anyone. My photo shows a set of clothes I just made for my 4-year old.  I did all of the sewing, monogramming, and applique on my brother."
nice machine although after a year i still don't get the quality of embroidery i want but it is probably user error
I did lots or research prior to ordering this machine being it was my first and not exactly cheap. I have been so pleased with it so far. The instructional CD is wonderful and you can also find lots of videos on YouTube to help get you started.
"I love this machine! Easy to sew, easy to embroider! I love the versatility!"
Love this machine. From someone who had very limited knowledge about sewing and embroidering this machine is easy to use and does a great job. I have attached a few Items I made with the machine.
Great machine  i am enjoying sewing again!
love it
"I love this machine.  I am still learning how to use it, but so far it has either met or surpassed my expectations!  This machine is so quiet, and easy to use.  I love that it told me when my bobbin was running out of thread, there is no more guessing game.  The led screen is nice and clear.  The needle threader is one of my favorite parts of this machine."
"I wanted to love this and was so, so happy to find it on sale around Christmas time. We couldn't get the designs to come out correctly. It's a nice machine and for sewing, it was fine, but the embroidery designs were looking horrible on the machine I received. ;( Maybe I just got a defective one.;( I had to send mine back."
"I'm in love with this machine.  I bought it to embroidery with, but, I enjoy so much sewing with it too!  Instruction book is very easy to read and follow.  You can download embroidery and applique patterns online free.  I have used it almost daily for the past 2 months and have not had any problems with it."
"I'm very excited about this but I am too intimidated to use it. It might seem like this is a useless review because I haven't actually fired this up yet but I am reviewing it anyway because of my initial reaction to the product. I got it out of the box immediately after it arrived and bought all of the accessories. I read the instruction book and was overwhelmed so I put it back in the box.

For those of you looking for a regular sewing machine, this is not it. While I have big plans for this and embroidered items, I will hang on to my regular machine in the meantime.

I will say that there are a lot of accessories, detailed instructions, not to mention recommendations from other owners of the product. Just have reasonable expectations and know that this is going to take some time to set up."
"Great machine for quilting class! Lightweight, easy to follow directions. Like the auto scissors, and automatic needle threader. The embroidery part was not as nice as my brother Innovis2800 D. Some designs which I tried out on the machine, I couldn't make out what it was. I used fusible, cotton fabric and embroidery thread. I just need to practice more."
"I received this machine as a Christmas gift in 2014.  I used it for many months while I learned all about how to embroider.  I borrowed books from the library, watched YouTube videos, did Craftsy courses, download all kinds of free embroidery patterns and bought lots of supplies including different types of stabilizers, spray adhesive and lots of thread plus the thread bin boxes to store it!  Starting with all my old kitchen towels, I embroidered towels for everyone for gifts.  And made super fancy embroidered cat toys!  So easy, just embroider on felt, cut out and sew almost all around, stuff with stuffing and catnip and then sew closed!  I kind of drifted off track and started making doll clothes, little tabletop quilts, tote bags and zippered pouches on my older sewing machine.  Craftsy's got some great free online classes. :) Within the last two weeks, I've taken out the machine again have been embroidering every single item (clothes, hats, towels, blankets) that my grandfather needs in an assisted living facility.  All my research and practice really has helped.  My extensive collection of thread has helped me color match each item.  I've not had time to add graphics to the clothing, but having the ability to save a few variations of my grandfather's name had really speed up the process.  I'm glad that I had bought an extra set of three hoops plus one more of the largest prepositional hoop during my learning phase.  This allows me to hoop the next item as the machine stitches out the last one.  I've been using the smallest hoop (I want to buy another one) the most as it fits into pockets and I can embroider track pants with linings, t-shirts and sweatshirts with front pockets.  You don't need to buy a lot of thread to just stitch a name on things, but you do need to have the right stabilizer.  The 4x4 hoop that comes with this machine and will allow you to embroider most anything even ball caps and towels.  I hook it up to my MacBook computer too using the USB cord.  You really can't go wrong with this machine.  I've never used it as a sewing machine, but I am sure that I would be very happy with it.  It is just easier for me to have a sewing machine and then the embroidering machine."
Doesnt work as expected....
Perfect starter machine.  Be aware it only does a 4x4 area.  The loaded designs are very limiting.  I suggest finding a group on Facebook to review and ask questions before purchasing
"I love this machine! I used an old Singer for over 25 years, and this machine does so much more."
Wife has had a ball creating things with this machine.  Just wish it had even  moderate computer interface.
I bought this as a gift for my wife. She was thrilled! And I was amazed how easy it was for her to use. It walked her through step by step. It even came with a tote bag for her to carry it in. She has monogrammed almost everything she owns and even made some as gifts. Brother makes some quality material.
Pretty complicated. But it is a great machine! Just not for beginners!
I am very happy with the Brother SE400 in every way.  It is exactly as described and also exactly what I expected. it meet my needs in every way and more.
Excellent!
"Love it, I use it all the time and the embroidery is a neat extra bonus feature. Thanks to the reviewer who said I should make sure the feeds in the back are flipped off before embroidering, super helpful as we were stuck trying to figure out why threads were breaking :)"
shipping was fast and the wife loves it
Love it
"The stitching of this machine is fine for normal sewing. I bought it for the embroidery function which I am still learning. I do wish that I could slow the machine down when embroidering which is probably an unusual request. The built-in designs and alphabets stitch out okay. Designs that I purchase and ones I design myself sometimes stitch out nicely and sometimes don't.

I did not find it difficult to install the embroidery attachment and use the embroidery functions.

The needle threader and thread cutter work well for the two months that I have had the machine.

Replacing a needle can be a problem. I have been using a Brother CS6000i for the past 3 years. I never had a problem with needle replacement. But the SE400 I have is ""off"" somehow and it takes me awhile to line up the new needle correctly to replace it.

Cleaning is easier than with the CS6000i.

Overall, for general sewing this one works better than my other machine. Embroidering is still something I have to practice."
This was for my daughter who sews for her at home business everyday.  She LOVES IT!!
"I'm a complete newbie and at 34 I decided I'd like to sew. The birth of my daughter kicked my desire into high gear. I shopped around and finally decided on the SE400. The same day, I received it, I was both sewing and embroidering! I'm even working on my first dress. The machine performs flawlessly, but I'm working on getting there. If you aren't sure if sewing and embroidery is your thing, but want to try, this is a great machine to begin with. I have a five year plan that I'll share with you. If I'm still using this machine often in five years, I plan on using this machine as a dedicated sewing machine and upgrading to a larger area embroidery machine."
"After reading several reviews, I purchased this machine. My very first attempt at using an embroidery machine and was quite pleasantly happy with it's performance. Made a green cat (had the wrong starting color to start off with and didn't really care about color so. But I was elated at this machine and what it can do. Looking forward to many years of crafting with this amazing machine."
"I finally had time to try and figure out this machine- not easy if you are not good at this type stuff...I am new.
They needle stick bent and broke and now it I past the return window so I am stuck now trying to figure out how to fix it before I ever get to use it.

I don't recommend if you haven't used a machine similar before- not for beginners. Not happy that they will not exchange or replace."
it's far more beyond my expected. Love it. U can download patterns on brother's website.
My wife loves this machine! Easy to use and lots of great features especially for the price.
"I'm so in love with this machine that it's ridiculous! So easy to use. If you don't understand so you push buttons and usually break needles, like me, fear not! This device has a built in after feature that mitigates all that!  It does all that it can in its computer powers to prevent sewing on top of your presser foot (happened to me yesterday), trying to sew when there is no bobbin thread (happened to me a week ago), or when it needs a break from sewing (just kidding, but I'm expecting it to tell me that given how I love to sew on this machine). It gives you directions on how to resolve an issue on its touch screen,  and there's also on-screen tutorials that walk you through common setup for those out -of-box sewists.

I've tried my hand at it all except buttonholes as of now and can say that the machine is underpriced with all of its bells and whistles! This was the best purchase I've made in a while (btw I'm a serious fabric-aholic).."
"This replaced my 38 year old Kenmore. It is wonderful! I'm still getting acquainted, but it's a keeper!"
I am very happy with this purchase.
"Having never used a sewing machine in my life, I must say, that out of the box, this was unbelievable easy to thread and use. I waffled between a cheap Singer and a more expensive machine. Let me tell you how that went. Bought the cheap Singer and it was so complicated, the manual was impossible to follow, and the self-threader was a joke. Packed it up and returned it 10 minutes after unpacking it. Unpacked this machine, threaded it in under 10 seconds, and was ready to roll. Stitching was perfectly even, ease of use is a dream, and icing on the cake: the manual is clearly, cogently, and intelligently written. If a complete newbie to sewing can get this thing up and running perfectly, imagine what an experienced sewist can do with it."
"This machine is great! Takes some time to get used to the screens, but sews very well."
I like this machine. It works very well.
"Love this machine and what it is capable of! Now, I just need to learn how to start some projects. Anyone that has any websites that can offer tutorials, please let me know!
Thanks!"
"I would give this 5 stars if my bobbin would stop knotting up!  I have no idea what is going on.  I have re-threaded, checked the bobbin, changed the needle.  Everything Brother told me to do.  It is still knotting up.  I might have to return it if I cannot figure out what is going on!"
bought this for my mother...it is a nice machine and very easy to use!  Great for first time users of embroidrey machines.
"I purchased this machine at Christmas because of the price and weight/size. My original interest was in having a 2nd machine that was small and light weight to take to quilting classes. However, I was also excited about the embroidery capabilities. I felt I was getting 2 machines in one. I am a novice when it comes to embroidery so I was looking forward to a new challenge. I absolutely love the embroidery aspect of it. I have purchased additional designs and embroidery software for my computer and am having so much fun with it. And the best part is that works great with my MacBook Air. I feel that I have had a chance to put it through its paces. I have pieced a quilt on it and completed several embroidery projects and have been quite pleased with all. My next challenge is quilting in a hoop. This machine cannot be beat for the price and the features it offers."
to hard
None better than this sewing machine. Minimal effort to use because everything is electronic. Hundreds of stitches to choose from. Great instructions. I like that I can upload a pattern and it embroiders it for me!!!
"This machine in a piece of ****. Seriously. Save your money and avoid the frustration of this horrible machine. I use it exclusively for embroidery for my sewing business. And yet, somehow I've never had a problem with my 40+ year old Kenmore. Sewing machines today are made with such subpar quality (to maximize profit, obviously), and this Brother is no different. I can't count how much money I've thrown away because of broken needles, ruined thread, destroyed fabric because THIS MACHINE SUCKS. I really wanted an embroidery machine, so I went with the budget option, despite reading the reviews. I should've learned to just be more patient, because I'm definitely paying for it now."
"Easy to set up and use. Within an hour, I had already embroidered my first item. The digital display takes a while to get used to. Great machine!"
"This has been a great machine so far, very user friendly. The self threading aspect is wonderful on this machine. There is a variety of items you can create with this machine."
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
"I""ve had this now for over a year and it really does everything I ask it to for home use.
I'm so happy to have the auto cut thread button.  And the blade that cuts the thread after you put the thread to is nice also.
I most recently used this to sew together my wet suit that was chafing my neck. I sewed a soft patch area over the velcro that was really cutting my neck during triathlons. I was very happy to have this.
I also made an underquilt for a camping hammock with this.  It makes the job so much easier having one of these modern sewing machines.
I haven't played much with the embroidery yet, but from what I have done, it has been pretty consistent and nice.  I would buy this exact sew machine again for sure."
Thanks
Love this machine!  I am very much a novice and bought this for normal sewing and embroidery - and it does both beautifully!  I have used the designs it comes with and used some downloaded ones as well. Keep the instructions handy - they are necessary!
Love the simplicity of this machine.  Good for someone learning to do machine embroidery
Complicated.  I haven't used it yet.
I bought this at Christmas on one of those daily specials so this Grandma is very happy. I especially love the button hole feature because you just drop the button into the spacer & it automatically makes the right size button hole. My son likes an extra button at the bottom of his dress shirts so they stay tucked in better so I use this feature a lot.
Love it
Sews like a dream. I am very pleased with all the features; makes sewing fun.
Love this.  Still learning everything it can do.
Got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it!  The detail and accuracy of the embroidery is amazing.  She has embroidered everything from handkerchiefs to backpacks.  Highly recommend for the money.  (Be sure and use high quality thread fur best results and appearance).
"Excellent for monograming. Machine was easy to use and I was doing large, beautiful monograms in no time."
Very Nice!!!
I recently bought this machine and love it. I can embroider and sew great. It's perfect for beginners. The instructions were simple to understand and put together! It has worked great for me!!
I absolutely love this sewing machine. I'm able to get new embroidery files off of the computer and load them with no issues. I love that I'm not limited in that aspect. I also love the start/stop button for when I cant use the pedal. There are so many good things about this machine. If you use the right materials and make sure you clean the machine you shouldn't have any issues with this machine.
"I have had nothing but problems with this machine.  Needles kept braking, etc.  Also, husband had to help me put needles in.  Area too small.  Took machine back and husband ordered another,  second machine is a bigger lemon.  Looks like it was used.  Pattern starts out good and becomes probmatic after half way through.  Extremely disgusted!"
works great!  i love my machine!
"I have been using it for a few weeks now & love it. I find it easy to use, other than the thread breaking now & again (think it was tension) it runs great. I have only used  it as an embroidery machine so far as i have a regular sewing machine."
Love this machine !
Just as described and shipped quickly.
I'm a sewer but have never been able to get this to work right!  I really struggled to even get it to complete a full letter... Now it's all messed up and won't even make a complete stitch!
Love this machine! I've had it for a couple of years and it is still going strong! Great for someone who enjoys sewing but would like to dabble a little in embroidery for their family!
Love this machine.  Everything I have done so far has turned out great. Easy to use.  Embroidery looks great and is super easy. Price was wonderful.
I love this machine.  There are so many things you can do with this machine.  Brothers customer service is great.  They have the knowledge and can answer anything about embroidery.
"I've never had an embroidery machine before, so, when I sAw this beginner machine on sale I had to try it!
I'm now obsessed with it and can't stop naming everything I own!
I've attached some photos of random trials and finished products.
It's an easy machine to work, now that I've had it a month I want to buy a bigger hoop though to increase the size of my embroideries.
Well worth the money for anyone starting out.
I also sewed a pillow with it (just to try it out, but I won't be using this as my primary sewing machine) and it was great at handling the fabric"
"LOVE this little machine, for sewing and embroidery!!"
"I would love to give this a great review, but must have got the lemon.  I actually bought this for my mother for Christmas 2014 but she ended up passing away before she ever opened the box.  I recently opened it and decided to get back in to sewing.  What a nightmare.  Basically right out of the box, watched hours of videos, got all excited.. and blah.  The main problem to begin with is the upper thread kept catching on the bobbin hook and creating havoc.  I spent hours rethreading and trying to get it to work right, but to no avail.  I called Brother and they were very nice, but said it was a problem beyond their scope (likely a timing issue) and would need to be taken to a service center and that I was basically SOL since I was a couple weeks beyond the 1 year from date of purchase.  So... I watched some tutorials on adjusting the timing and was able to get it to kind of work, but it just doesn't seem right.. and cannot believe how often thread gets caught in the bobbin casing.
And yes, I could have taken it to the 1 service center within 80 miles and paid $75 min for them to just look at a new machine, but don't have the money to do that."
Love l love it .. came fast . Idea was just as described . Does exactly what it says it's supposed to ..
"So disappointing.  We decided to send this machine back, after multiple attempts to get a quality embroidery design from this machine.  If you want something good quality, you will not get it from this machine.  Back it goes, and I will be saving up my money to get a higher quality machine that will produce quality embroidery.

Things I highly disliked:
I knew I would be limited by the table size  (4in x 4in), but what is ridiculous is that you can only fit four letters across, and you can not adjust the size of the fonts.  Also, the fonts are of the lowest quality possible.  See my example of the letter ""K"".
You can only store 12 designs on this machine at a time, which is absurd that you would have to upload multiple times using the USB.  Who has time for that?
Also, the machine locked up on me the first time it was used, after just two designs.

This machine fell very far from meeting my expectations. My husband even called it a piece of junk as he was packing it back in the box to send back to Amazon."
"Still getting to know this bad boy. I hate reading directions, but the video disk is helpful. Bought this for light duty embroidery, and I think it's going to do the job."
"After using the SE400 for a few weeks now, overall Im happy with my purchase.  For the price, I think it would be hard to beat.  While there are some shortcomings, Im still giving it 4 stars.  Some people have commented about it being plastic and not very durable  that should be no surprise if you check the weight of the machine.  Yes, it is comprised of a lot of plastic, but with some reasonable care, I think it will serve the purpose.

Positives:
Automatic needle threader -- so far it has worked satisfactorily.

Available Stitches -- the number of stitches is certainly sufficient for most work.  Other models have more, but I haven't found anything that Id like to do that I cant find a stich to accomplish.

Embroidery Unit -- the embroidery unit is impressive for a machine in this price range.  And while the card used in this machine is old school, there are less expensive alternatives to the Brother card writer/reader.  Check out the Little Max by Amazing Designs.

Automatic Reinforcing Stitches and/or Automatic Thread Cutting  very handy option.  With the touch of a button the LCD screen, you can turn on reinforcing stitching at the beginning and ending of sewing a seam.  The thread cutting can added as well.

Start/Stop Button  I didn't think I would care for this option and didn't think I would use it, but after a few times trying it out, I now rely on it almost exclusively.

Needle Up/Down  This was an option I had on my old machine and could have been a deal breaker if the new machine didn't have it.  Very handy.

Machine will accept generic presser feet.  Machines that use proprietary feet usually charge much more than generic.  Kudos to Brother for avoiding that.

Speed Control  love being able to control the sewing speed.

The screw driver to tighten/loosen the presser foot ankle is ingenious!  Finally a screw driver that won't slip out of the groove in the screw.  Makes changing from the regular ankle to the embroidery foot or walking foot very easy.

Negatives:
Unless you have a laptop or notebook computer or your sewing machine is very close to your desktop computer, the USB connection is not a viable way to transfer designs from your computer to the SE400.

Others have commented on the automatic thread cutting not working properly. I have found it to be very finicky  it works most of the time and I find it a nice feature.  When it begins to act up, I have discovered that cleaning out the bobbin area and/or race and under the feed dogs will usually get it back working properly.  Im not sure why it is so sensitive to lint build-up, but at least theres a way to get it working again.

When replacing bobbins, sometimes things just don't jive  more than once Ive had to remove the new bobbin, put it in again (and, yes, it was inserted correctly the first time).  Usually that will take care of bad stitch formation.  Other times Ive had to turn the machine off then back on and things start working as they should.  I now keep scraps close by to do a small test sew after changing bobbins.

The needle clamp screw is meant to be tightened only with your fingers.  A couple of times after a few hours of use, it will work loose enough to let the needle drop.  So I try to remember to re-tighten it often.

To remove the needle plate there are two screws that need to be removed.  There is a small screwdriver included for those, but to get the back screw loosened enough to turn with your finger, the pressure foot ankle needs to come off.  And since to thoroughly remove lint, its necessary to remove that needle plate it becomes annoying after a while.

Even with a larger needles, sewing thru several layers with a batting or thick interfacing is a challenge.  Ive had to hand crank it thru straps on tote bags.

Its certainly not marketed as a quilting machine and for good reason.  The throat space is very limited and it would be very difficult to quilt anything larger than placemats or perhaps a table runner.  There are 3 quilting stitches available  2 for piecing and 1 to produce what looks like hand quilting.  Its a really neat stitch, but without the ability to quilt large items, Im not sure theres a lot of benefit to having it.

If a needle breaks or some other malfunction while sewing, the machine stops and a message is displayed (forget the exact wording).  Both times this has happened for me, the needle threader would not work properly.  I found that by turning it off and then back on, something gets reset and things start working again as they should.  So I guess its like our work computers  sometimes they just need to be rebooted.

No presser foot pressure adjustment.  I was used to having this on my old machine and found it very helpful.  But on a low end machine, its not surprising that this isn't an option.

Even though my list of negatives is longer than the positives, I still like the machine a lot.  And I would buy it again.  I don't expect it to last 20 years like my last machine, but I didn't pay $3,000 for this one either.  If I can use this machine for even a couple of years, Ill feel like Ive gotten my moneys worth out of it."
"Loving the machine so far. Good tutorials for a beginner, can't wait to do more with it."
I love this machine! I was in the market for a new sewing machine and I liked that this one also does embroidery. I had never embroidered anything before so I really had to read the manual and get it all figured out. But everything has been going great! I have seen some people complain about the embroidery size beinglimited to 4x4 but i do not have a problem with that. I love it so much I convinced my mom to order one too!
"I would give this a fore and a half stars if I could, because while it has had some glitches I truly do love this machine and would buy it again. I bought this machine about two years ago, on Amazon and it was my first sewing machine.  The machine is just about dummy proof for the first time sewing machine owner. It has pictures on the machine of how to do various task, for example how to thread the machine and how to thread the bobbin. When I first bought the machine and it showed my friends, they commented that it basically sews for you.  There are so many features in this machine that my friends machines could not do. For example, not only does the machine thread the needle out of push a button, it also will cut the thread for you.

 I experience problems with the machine in the thread getting tangled on the backside, this is since been worked out with tension and opening up the bobbin area.  But the one problem I am not able to solve is the cutting of the thread, since about the third or fourth month of owning machine, I have not been able to cut the thread after stitching. I believe the blade is dull. I tried calling a repair center and they said that it would cost quite a bit of money to fix so I just let it go.

Onto the actual function of the machine, I love how there are so many stitching options,  and I am satisfied with the speed that you can set the machine at. As far as embroidery goes, my embroidery has for the most part gone over well. The machine has not messed up with quality embroidery thread, though if I buy the cheap stuff it does have some issues with tangling. To avoid this definitely splurge on your embroidery thread."
I couldn't be happier!  I absolutely love my SE400.  It works like a charm.  I am new to embroidery so having a 4 X 4 hoop is just fine with me.  Buy one; you won't be disappointed!
"Love it, it is great !!!"
Love my sewing machine
a little complicated but need to have patience
Wonderful machine and way cheaper than anywhere else that I found it.
"This machine is great. . I lik it a whole lott
It has everything to it..the Manuel operation to the note book makes it more wonderful.. im extreamlly excited
  Thnk u a whole lott.. please invite me to sum more creative machine thts similar
Lik these one..  by by"
"I am having so much fun, easy to understand complete instructions, and so many features to be able to do most sewing and embroidery jobs"
"I am so happy to finally have a machine that can embroider and sew!

The stitching is easy, and comes with many presser foots & installed presets for any project.  And the embroidery is such a fun addition.  Especially since you can download all kinds of fun files from Etsy to transfer to your machine.  I am loving all the craft time with this machine."
Great Machine.
I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
"I adore this machine and am always telling my friends about it, to the point they may not want to be friends anymore. I am a bit older and bought a Husqy out of college. Time to pass it down to a daughter so wanted a new one. Thought I would get this one to get a taste of embroidery and see what these new-fangled computerized machines can do. The self-threading feature alone is worth it. And it has been so much fun to make embroidered things with it. I did buy a longer hoop (yes, the machine still only does 4X4 designs) but I wanted a spare hoop and it turns out it is a lot easier for me to get the fabric on the bigger one. Things I've made so far - a few baby sets (light blanket and a couple of different burpcloths), a dozen ornaments for a green felt Christmas tree (thank you emblibrary.com), and assorted different embroidered linens. I hardly ever sew on it and that's what I bought it for! (Sewing works well too). The only skills needed are filling the bobbin with thread and reading directions."
Love my machine! Bought it to embroider and although I had never used any type of sewing machine it was very easy to learn it right away. I am currently in the process of learning how to sew and at this point this machine has been great and so easy to use!
I enjoy this machine very much.
I got it for an awesome price. My daughter loves it.
Excellent!!!!
"I have had this machine for almost a year now, I think it's a good machine, though, not great. It is very ideal for  a beginner.
Pros:
Lightweight, great for travel
It's easy to use
Has an automatic thread cutter
Still works like new
The adjustability of seeing speed is nice but this machine is not super fast

Cons:
The embroidery size limit is disappointingly small
This machine has a hard time sewing through thick materials or seams
Sometimes parts down by the bobbin would move and the thread would catch underneath creating a big mess of knots.
When I first got this machine the tension seemed to be problematic but later than sooner I realized that when pulling the bobbin thread up it doesn't always catch correctly on the bobbin case.

Overall this machine is a good machine for small projects, I would not reccomend this machine for someone who likes to quilt or someone who is planning on using think materials. I have made many projects with this machine and though sometimes with a lot of hassle it has produced good results."
"Perfect for beginners! Love my brother! Upgraded to a bigger machine, but still use this one for sewing only. No issues!"
"Got this little beauty for Christmas to replace a stand alone sewing machine and old embroidery machine. Because I am familiar with embroidery I was able to jump right in. I love the self threading, thread cutter, the ability to use auto sew or foot pedal. The embroider functions work great as well and there are tons of free embroidery designs you can down load."
Love love this machine! Great choice and super priced!
Can't get enough of this machine!!!
"Very difficult
Thread keeps balling up in bobbin"
good
Love this machine. Had a few operator mishaps which were my fault for not reading everything first.  Very quiet. Does exactly what I needed it to do.  Easy to order extras for it. Extra hoops etc. Came with an instructional DVD.
"I've had mine for over 3 years now and LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!. It is a workhorse and fantastic introductory machine for embroidery sewing. USB connection is awesome to transfer designs. It will only do 4x4 inch square design patterns, so if you can afford a larger machine, I recommend the Brother PE770 which does a maximum 5x7 inch design. These are single needle machines and perfect for the hobbyist."
I lowered the feed dogs on my new machine as I was looking it over. Now I have been unable to raise them again. The manual lever seems to require quite a bit of pressure to move. The metal plate covering this area looks slightly crooked. I am hoping that I can resolve this. I have not plugged the machine in yet.
"I reviewed many machines and settled on this one for the name, what it could do and my price bracket.  I have had it since Christmas and so far it has performed as expected with a Brother product.  I have contacted Brother support with a couple of questions and their response was fast.  I have really enjoyed using it and learning the many features.  My first time with an embroidery machine.  Many on line videos that help with those tricky little details -  Very pleased with my decision to purchase this machine."
"It arrived exactly when you said it would. Thank you.
I'm excited. I am going to quilt camp, and am anxious to use it there as it's lightweight and portable. I have a friend who is going also who has an Embroidery machine and is going to teach me how to use that part. It's all new to me."
My wife enjoys the machine very much!
"i was delivered on time and in good shape. instructions are easy and their are videos on u tube. also.
it would be nice to have more information on pressure feet and what to use them on and how.
but over all its great. i would also like to know what other hoops i can use for embroidery."
Works great!
Pretty cool machine she's loving how easy to use it is
"Love my new sewing machine! Works great, does everything I need to do, and even works well for the small amount of monogramming I do"
"Easy lo learn/ A beginners machine. Don't like how the hoop connects, wish it slide on instead of snapping on.  But overall a good machine"
"I love this machine.  It is my first embroidery machine so this is quite an adventure, but this one is so simple.  I already had a regular Brother sewing machine, so had no doubts about the brand.  Easy step by step instructions in the quick reference book, easy to thread.  It doesn't have too many embroidery designs built in that I would use, but enough to give me some practice before I start purchasing them.  Plus, there are plenty of free sites on line.  I think the only thing I have found that I don't really like is the automatic thread cutter button.  Although it does cut the thread nicely, I there is not enough thread left out of the bobbin to start the next seam, so I just use the one on the side.  I also really like the needle threader.  My last Brother had one, but the one on this machine is much easier, which comes in handy when you are changing colors a lot when doing embroidery."
"So far I love my new machine, though I have to be upfront and say that I am still learning and messing around with it, so I haven't used it on a project yet. I have not attempted embroidery yet, but as soon as I get embroidery thread I will give it a go and update my review. I have learned that in order to download embroidery designs, software is required, but I found a couple of free options online that allow for the download and simple alteration of free or purchased designs."
So far very impressed with this machine. Take the time to go through the manuals. Did not like trying to find info on the Brother website. So far it is a great buy it stitched beautifully and I am using Stitch Era Universal with it and am very impressed. Defiantly worth the money.
The machine was defective the day we received it.
Excellent value and features!
"Love, Love, Love my Brother machine! There are so many stitch functions and it embroiders like a dream!"
This is a fabulous machine. I was very uncertain when I purchased it and honestly was totally intimidated by all the bells and whistles. I was so pleased at the ease of learning and operations. I am especially happy with the automatic stitching option. I love to sew but have a really hard time keeping my stitches and timing consistent. I machine quilt and this can ruin a quilt if you're not careful with speed / stitch length consistency. This problem is solved. I am a very happy owner of this Brother!
This machine is a beast! I've blasted through sewing projects and love embroidering on it! I got software to create my own embroidery designs. I've done embroidery on fabric and free standing lace.
AWESOME!!!!
I received the sewing machine and I like it very much. However I am having a problem with It and need a copy of the invoice so I can have some warranty work done. So please email me a copy of the envoice. Thanks
"I absolutely love this machine. I purchased this to replace my Janome, that has been sounding like a diesel truck for the past few months, even after having it serviced. I was in a toss between this and Singer, I am pleased to say I am glad I chose this one! It arrived promptly via Amazon Prime. I was excited and anxious when I pulled it out of the box. Following the directions, it took me about thirty minutes to get set up and sewing this is my first Brother machine and I am still relatively new to sewing. For those that are on the edge, let me assure you that this is the way to go.

Features and Advice 
#1  This is the same model as the LB-6800. The LB-6800 Project Runway edition has a rolling cart with it.
#2  It has 5 built in fonts, most look similar aside from the script style, which is the one I use.
#3  I recommend purchasing a bigger hoop as well. However, it is limited to the 4X4 design.

Overall, I am highly surprised with this machine. It works great and SUPER quite!"
"I absolutely love this machine!!! I have very little sewing experience (self-taught) and no embroidery experience. It came with a CD that walks you through all of the steps and I was quickly on my way to embroidering everything that I could get my hands on. I love that it does regular sewing as well as embroidery. It is very easy to switch back and forth between the two. This machine even threads the needle for you! I was going to use this as a secondary machine to my 2002 Singer, but I am in love with it. It will now be my primary sewing machine."
"love, love, love, it!!!!!  wish I bought it sooner"
I love this machine! It's so user friendly and embroidered beautifully.
MARVELOUS ALL THE WAY!!!  HANDY MACHINE!!!  VERY HAPPY WITH IT!!!  : )  : )
Love this machine! Worth every penny.
bought it for my wife shew says it is fine but needs more software.
"I'm a beginner and purchased this on 12/11.  I love that I got it the very next day and within 24 hours of delivery, I had made 2 baby blankets and 16 burp cloths.  I LOVE this machine!  If you're a beginner, it is possible to become overwhelmed with all the features and different stitches, but just take it easy and you WILL get a hang of it. Watch the included DVD and keep your manual handy.  I love that this machine is able to tell me what I'm doing wrong by peeping at me if I forgot to put the presser foot down or the needle isn't threaded.  It really does have plenty of bells and whistles.  I was thinking I didn't need all the bells and whistles, but you know what, I love them all.  I have embroidered the names of different babies on the many different fabrics.  I'm practicing on embroidering images before I put them on the fabrics.  Now if you're thinking of using this for quilting, you might want a different machine.  I was only able to do a small 40x40 quilted baby playmat but I had issues with the lack of throat space.  If your goal is to sew and embroider, this is a great machine to help you accomplish that!"
"I sew quite a bit. I make just about anything, clothes, costumes, toys, blankets, etc. I ADORE this machine. The ONLY problem I have had is that when embroidering I have experienced it skipping a few stitches. But, I haven't embroidered all that much. I'm not a pro at that. I LOVE that it tells you when the bobbin is running out, it runs so smooth, and it is very dependable! It has been a life saver!"
"I would rate this a 5 star if it had a couple more preset fonts. Other than that this product is a great edition to our clothing line Royal Legacy Clothing. [...] We use SophieSew as the software to design in, which is free but is missing a couple features. We are looking into buying another software with more features. Took a few days to get the hang of it, and that's without having any sewing or embroidery experience. We've only embroidered with it and it's great. We will see with it soon. I would recommend to people. Great for samples but not mass production."
Love my brother machine!  Easy to use and figure out right out of the box.  I have had problems with the thread sticking in the front of the machine while in use causing it to break.  I have taken it to a local shop to have it cleaned as it has had MANY hours put on it in a very short time so I am hoping that fixes the issue.
haven't had a chance to use yet but it looks like it will do a lot of different things and it is light weight for RV
"I bought the Brother SE400 when it was an Amazon deal of the day a few days after Thanksgiving '15. I absolutely LOVE it! I was a beginning of all beginners; I didn't know how to sew a button, stitch a hole, or even what the heck ""wind the bobbin"" meant. If you are like I was a couple of months ago and aren't sure about this machine, have no fear - it's WONDERFUL for beginners and for those that already have a handle on sewing/embroidery/applique. I purchased mainly for the embroidery aspect and haven't tried sewing yet. I found the manual to be very helpful, but since I'm a visual learner, YouTube videos have been key! Burley Sew's channel is my favorite. He's quick at explaining things, but not so quick that a step is missed plus he really zooms in well on the machine he's working on so you can tell exactly what to do."
love love this machine. bought two of them
I will be keeping this machine and will purchase other when this one is paid for.  Great delivery time.
"Love this little machine, so handy for both embroidery and regular sewing"
Love this machine. Does a lot that I have not even tried yet. Would recommend to anyone
"I just love my new machine, I really like all the designs , I have not gotten into them off the net yet.. I am sorry I bought the extra large hoop it does not make the designs larger, it only helps a little with the letters, not worth the extra  dollars."
really easy to use
Very impressed! Got this as a gift and I have already made 3 scarves and 2 crib sheets! It looks like a lot when you first take it out of the box with all of the gadgets and buttons but it's soooo easy to use!!!! I love it!!!
my  wife is happy
I love this machine!
"I ordered this machine right before Christmas and couldn't wait to get it!  I have wanted to try an embroidery machine for a while now and this one fit the budget and had great reviews.  I've only used it for embroidery so far so that is all I can comment on at this time.

Straight out of the box I was so excited to try it out that I popped in the dvd and turned it on and gave it a go.  I worked amazingly well!  I followed basic instructions to set it up and was able to embroider right away.

Loading the bobbin is just as easy as my other brother machines, it just drops in the front and you can see it so you can tell when it is getting low.  One bobbin came pre-loaded and it also came with a new, large, spool of bobbin thread.  It didn't come with a sample of embroidery thread but I had some already.  (Using the right thread for embroidery is very important; it must be embroidery thread and embroidery bobbin thread.)  I tested out several designs and fonts that came pre-loaded on the machine.  I did NOT touch the tension, I still have it set to where it was from the factory, 4.  The designs and words were beautiful and the stitches look great.

I also downloaded tons of free embroidery designs from various websites and moving them to the machine was easy after I read the instructions.  I also downloaded a free trial of an embroidery software program to test out and I love that I can combine images with words and resize designs.  I found this to all be relatively easy with a few tutorials and the instructions.

The automatic threader is the best one I've seen on a brother machine.  On my other machines the thread would fray a bit when the mechanism puts it through the eye of the needle and sometimes the thread would break and I'd have to do it again.  On this machine the threader is a totally different design and it works quite well.

This machine will only embroider a 4x4"" area but there is a repositional hoop that will allow you take a larger design, up to 4x6"" and split it so you can move the hoop and not have to re-hoop the fabric.  You do need an embroidery software program to do this but there a few choices out there.  Even with the smaller design area there is still so much you can do with this machine.

I especially love how I can do applique with this machine, it is so much fun and so cute, the design possibilities are endless.

Stabilizers are another important piece of embroidery equipment, you have to use either tear away, cut away, or wash away stabilizer, sometimes a combination of two.  The machine came with a sample but I haven't used that, I buy it by the yard at my local fabric store.

As for delivery and packaging, I have no complaints.  My machine came in it's original box placed inside a brown amazon box.  I like that added packing.  I chose a free delivery option and since I don't currently have prime I had to wait a few days longer than most but it was delivered when Amazon said it would be and I saved the shipping money so I was happy with that.

Bottom line:  I love this machine, I think it is a great value for the home embroiderer and it is very user friendly if you have just basic knowledge of sewing machines and can read a manual."
Wife looks it! She got for Christmas
Very nice machine for home projects and use.
amazing machine
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!
"used it twice and the touch screen no longer works .  Shut machine off and it still doesn't work.  have only had it since Wed the 30th of December and when I contracted Brother they thanked me for registering, which I did not do and ignored my request for help with the problem  Without the touch screen I cannot use it."
This is a great embroidery machine! I am planning on purchasing a larger hoop to be able to do bigger projects. I tried some of the built in designs and downloaded a few to also try. The designs I tried all worked great and I am excited to begin new projects! The only issue I had was one time the thread broke and the machine did not go back after it was re-threaded and do the stitches that were missed when the thread broke so there was a break in the design. I am new at this so maybe there is something I could have done to re-do those stitches. I'd still purchase this machine.
Replace my 25 year old singer with this. Love the automation. I don't even have to use my presser foot any longer if I don't want to. My favorite thing is how it threads the needle for you automatically.  The display is clear and easy to read. Many setting to choose from. You can find and watch many detailed YouTube videos if you want to learn how to do the more advanced featured this awesome machine does.  Would highly recommend to first time buyer or advanced sewers.
It sure does a lot for an inexpensive machine...wow!
"Loooove! Best machine I've owned so far, granted I'm a novice but this makes me love my new sewing hobby."
Bought for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. Very user friendly.
"Awesome machine, I have yet to have any problems with it. I have embroidered several items and it does a great job every time. I really like the fact that you have a button to start it sewing or the choice to plug in a foot peddle. It has made sewing so fun and easy."
"I only was able to finish 4 small projects before machine messed up. Did all the steps in the troubleshooting guide and nothing helped. When it worked it was great. I contacted Brother...they took too long to respond. Thanks to AMAZON amazing return policy I was able to return. After product return I heard from Brother...they said it was not covered under warranty because it was""a consumable part of the machine"" and was not covered. Who can afford to replace parts for $50 to $100 ?  I am a novice with embroidery but have been sewing for more than 65 years....not my first rodeo. Needless to say I was very disappointed !"
"great machine, especially for beginners.  The embroidery area is not large enough for large projects."
"What a great machine! My wife had given up in sewing because her old machine was such a pain. This ine threads easily, winds bobbins effortlessly, and does amazing embroidery. Easy to swap between sewing and embroidery work, too. The wife loves working with it and said this is the first machine she's ever used that didn't make her miss her Babylock that she had when she was a professional costumer."
I can only say that my wife loves this machine
"Happy wife, happy life! My wife has an old machine that she received in high school and now 25yrs later she needed more options. I knew the embroidery option and the auto cut and spool would be well received. My wife hasn't stopped using it since it showed on the doorstep. It has so many abilities and she's only limited by her imagination. The thing she raved about is how fast the foot change was and how many were included. It was like she hit the lotto. Awesome machine for the right price!"
I'm so happy this machine be safely shipped to me in Taiwan. I tried to use software(SophieSew) to design something I like and import it into SE400. It works fine. I'm still practicing and hope to use it more often. Love it!
LOVE my machine!
Exactly what I wanted at a price much less than at the local stores.  Great quality!!
"I've only had for a week, but after a horrible experience with a Singer machine, I am in sewing heaven. 3 projects finished!"
Love love love!!!  The only problem I have is not being able to find the embroidery cards that go with it not could I download from the Brothers site.
Very happy with this product
"Love this machine, works great"
I love this item! It works great. Should have bought it a long time ago.
"I just bought this machine after drooling over it for 2 years. I am so disappointed!  I have over my 45 years of sewing used several sewing machines from Riccar to Bernina and had one embroideryy machine(Bernina Deco).
First of all the machine makes a lot of noise! On the sewing part, the J foot is practically useless as it is misaligned and your seam is inacurate by a good 2 mm. I replaced it with one I had in storage after I figured what was wrong. For some reason, the threading is akward, the take up lever does not show as you move the needle and you have to make sure your thread is engaged. Also the hook above the needle is difficult to manage being too high and close to the body of the machine and needle. I lowered the feeddogs but they would not go back up. Only when I went online did I find out that you must at the same time turn the wheel towards you; the info was not in the manual. The cutting feature never worked.
All these things were annoying but I could have lived with them. However I have been fighting with the embroidery part. The first one was on quilting cotton fabric with tear away stabilizer. No problems. Then, I wanted to personalize a polo shirt with a name , and did a test drive on an old T shirt. The machine immediately balked and ate my shirt. I used stabilizers, I changed brands of embroidery threads, I changed needles and made sure I used the needle recommended for embroidery in the manual (no ballpoint), I checked that no debris was inside the machine (Taking the screw off the plate is next to impossible as there is no clearance to maneuver your screw drivers). I am at wits end and upset I cannot do the 3 gift projects I had planned for Xmas. I am ready to return the machine and buy a Babylock or other at a nearby dealer who can help me if I run into problem.
RECONSIRERING MY 1 STAR RATING
I have been playing with this machine for the last week or so and I finally am coming to terms with the embroidery part of it:
.Reading reviews and tips on the internet were helpful, as well as TAKING THE TIME to sit down and read , highlighter in hand the embroidery portion of the manual from A to Z. Some  things which I find helpful and were not necessarily in the manual:
1) I use the vertical spool holder which comes with the machine. (Although I do not find it very stable, it is easier to manage the thread)
 2) I lower the feeddogs; no more eating my fabric!
 3) Before I use a new spool, I check it for any burrs and smooth them out with a nail file.
4)  I place the spool inside a jam jar on the table on the right side behind the machine, and run the thread in front of the bobbin winder.
 5) Learn on  wovens first until you iron all the kinks and feel confident. Knit shirts are more difficult and need a CUT OUT and FUSIBLE stabilizer, at least for the newbie.
 6) Broken threads and broken needles can put a newcomer into a panic, but they are easy to deal with really. Find out where on the machine the needle count is: (adjust window) if you see, say 235/13456, the first number is your stitch place and the 2nd number the number of stitches in the design. Stop as soon as you discover the break and note your stitch place. Raise needle and foot, rethread your machine. You do not need to worry about the bobbin thread. Press the icon with the minus sign by say 10 stitches to sew over some of the previous st and you are good to go. If the needle breaks: Note your stitch place, and cut the thread. I found out the hard way that you need to remove the carriage and the foot in order to install a new needle. MAKE SURE IT IS SEATED ALL THE WAY UP by turning the wheel after you install it. Reattach G foot and carriage and proceed as for broken thread. If you turned off the machine or went back to the original window by mistake, do not panic, get back the design as before on the sewing machine and move forward to your stitch number. Move by colors (Spool icon +/_) to go faster. If the bobbin thread runs out: cut the toptread, remove carriage after noting  the stitch number, replace with a new bobbin, put back the carriage and proceed as above.
7) To get a neater embroidery , trim the jump threads as you go, allowing the machine to do a few st to anchor the thread in the new position.
8) ALWAYS thread the machine FOOT UP  as well as needle up. Lower the foot when using the needle treader. If it does not work, , try reattaching the needle.
I hope this will be helpful.
9) The biggest discovery I made is USE AN EMBROIDERY NEEDLE! This solved the problem of breaking threads and made embroidering a breeze!
 Euler'sFan says:
Update: If you are contemplating purchasing this item you may want to see the following instructional video describing all features on this machine.(See comment):
[...]"
"This is only a ""out of the box"" review from someone who has worked w-sewing machines 40 years. Easy to Turn it on & Go; But for the hesitant or uncertain 1) Do some self teaching (u-tube is Free; find someone with multiple post(s) you-can-learn from! (or) contact a local sewing Shoppe that will charge you $65.00 a hour to ""teach"" you-a-hands-on-specifically; Go over your Intro book! ((Best Money&Best ""connection"" you can make for future deal(s))!  Basically 2) I can see where pressure-plate setting(s) must be correct to avoid the string problem(s)mentioned in many negative reviews;possible user errors. And it is a CHEAP Budget Price with Lots of Bells & Whistles!  while 1st opinion is 3) I wonder (if) lots of Use it will last as long as a general 25 year (some parts only) but a amazing for the price paid warrantee; as other ($1k-$7k)like-machine(s) won't it be Fun to Find Out!!!!!!"
Super fast shipping!  Arrived in perfect condition!  Great machine! I have owned a $2500 machine in the past and I love this one just as much!
"So far I have not figured out all the features, but it is usually operator error when there is a problem. I LOVE the self-threading feature, and the bobbin winder is great. I have not tried the embroider part yet. The speed adjuster is great to help someone who is just starting to sew so it won't go to fast for them."
"I love my sewing machine. I'm a beginner at sewing and the easy threading of the needle, automatic needle threader, and thread cutter make this the perfect sewing machine for me. I haven't tried the embroidering part yet but plan to soon."
"The Brother SE 400 sewing and embroidery machine is a gem. I was surprised to read the many negative reviews. I have been using mine for over four years with not one issue.  I enjoy having the option to add an embroidery embellishment to a garment or craft and then using the same machine to sew or mend.  For the price, this dual use machine is a great value."
Love it!
"Love Love Love This! What fun, and easy to use!  Huge bang for your buck.  What a wonderful upgrade from my ancient brother machine. I love how I can just download the embroidery pattern onto the machine, set it and go. It is so easy to use, and the machine lets you know when something is wrong.  When you purchase this machine make sure you have plenty of embroidery thread and stabilizer because you will want to sew sew sew!  A tip when using, make sure you clean the lint frequently and use sharp needles, if you find that your project is puckering, don't hoop it so tight, and make sure you are using the correct stabilizer.  Always test the embroidery pattern before to make sure the pattern is correct."
"This machine is amazing.  I used to think that I never needed the advanced features that this machine has so I would buy simple machines.  I WAS WRONG!  There was a bit of a learning curve with this baby, but just following along in the user's manual got me up and going in just an hour.  The manual is laid out intuitively starting with settings, then moving into winding up a bobbin and then threading.  When I started my first task with it (mending a blanket that was fraying..) I said WOW!!  The feed dogs actually move the material well and the action of the machine is so smooth that I was able to move the speed setting up to full speed and still hear the TV.  For a sewing machine, the Brother SE400 is quiet, moves well at full speed and vibrates very little.

Things I love:
Needle position at stop is adjustable (up or down).
Needle up / down at the touch of a button; no hand turning the side wheel.
Brightly lit work area via LED.
Feed dogs that grip well.
AUTOMATIC KNEEDLE THREADER!!  No more magnifying glasses  ((=
Can sew with or without foot pedal.
Speed adjustable override even with foot pedal attached.
Speed  this machine is FAST so large tasks can be completed quickly.
Reverse / Anchor Stitch is a button that responds to touch, not a lever that is awkward.
Easy to navigate controller screen.
Touch screen works with finger or stylus.
Bobbin is easy to load and has a fantastic trimmer thingy..
Bobbin thread is easy to bring up.
Machine even tells me when bobbin thread is running out!!!
Machine threads easy.
Easy to change presser feet.
Foot pedal action is smooth and the machines response is immediate and smooth, no hesitating.
  The response and feel of this machine is way nicer than anything I have owned to date.
Price for value: I had a New Home (Janome) and that basic-featured machine cost more than this loaded Brother SE400 that has tons of features AND does embroidery

Thing I hate:
I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A BROTHER YEARS AGObut I believed my mother (who only sews on Viking) who said Brother was worse than Singer.  SHE WAS & IS WRONG.  The action and smoothness of the Brother SE400 sews every bit as good as her vintage Viking 6440.

This is where I stand so far, and I have not even used the embroidery features yet.  If you are a novice, or mostly a mender as I am, do not let that stop you from buying this machine.  This machine makes me WANT to do more with it.  I have several projects that have built up and I am now looking forward to taking them on, instead of dreading the fight as I did with my simple machine and its bobbin war(s).

I have learned that a quality sewing machine is like a high end appliance or a quality TV.  I don't spend a ton of time in front of it, but when I do sit down, I WANT THE EXPERIENCE TO BE FABULOUS!!!"
"I love this machine. I don't sew all the time, but I love to make things for my family and friends from time to time. I had outgrown my old, cheap, super simple machine and wanted to be able to do more. You can pull this machine out of the box and begin sewing well, immediately. There is a bit of a learning curve with the embroidery, but I had not done it prior to getting this machine. A few trial and error sessions later I was off and running. If you are somewhat tech savvy, you can get a third party program and design and import your own embroidery designs rather than staying limited to whats already on board or available for purchase online. (For Monograms: If you have Adobe Illustrator or other similar program, just make a 4x4 board and use any downloaded font of choice to design the monogram. For designs, you can do the same thing with a simple drawing or picture. Then run it through SewArt or other similar program, to create the embroidery file. Plug it in to the machine, import, and go!) The versatility this machine provides is astounding for the price. I highly recommend this for the creative hobbyist in your life."
Love this machine worked perfectly right out of the box
"So far I am very happy with my new sewing machine. It can be tricky to thread initially, like all Brothers; (it took me a while to realize that I was not threading Bobbin correctly on my other Brother, the manual that came with this machine was much clearer on the step I was missing, and helped me with the other machine.)
Great for basic monogramming embroidery, especially for a beginner. It was an easier than expected process to download my Circle Alphabet purchase from Etsy by connecting my laptop via usb.
Sews through several thicknesses with ease, although I would never stress it with more than 2 denim layers or leather!"
"My Bernina is over 35 years old but still runs.  Rather than take in in for service I decided to take the $150 that would cost and put it toward the purchase of an new inexpensive machine.  To date I have only finished 13 lap quilts with this new machine.  All of the new features are awesome!  It threads the needle, cuts the thread, has 70 specialty stitches and is only 13.5#.  My friend, who sews a lot, was over today and tried it out.  She was very impressed and intends to purchase one also.  I have not tried the embroidery yet.  My only complaint is that they aren't very Mac friendly."
"Other than finding the instructions a little hard to understand because I am not used to a computerized machine, I am pleased.  I haven't used many of the features, so can't really comment as to the embroidery function yet, but after checking the machine out with some repairs on a few items, I was pleased.  The only thing I had trouble with was getting the bobbins threaded smoothly.  I'm sure that will come with getting used to the machine.  It runs very quietly. and has a sturdy feel to it.  Given time, I will check out all the features.  It is lightweight and I like the clear plate over the bobbin area.  Wish I could come back and add comments as I use it, but that is allowed for here."
A great machine to start your sewing and monogram career or simple task. I use it on my stay account daily
"I didn't really need a new sewing machine, but have been wanting one that could embroider, and Amazon's cyber week price of $224.98 was just too good to pass up.  This is a great portable machine that makes very nice sewing stitches, is quieter than my other machine and does beautiful embroidery!  Set-up was simple, and the embroidery function is pretty easy to figure out between the manual and the numerous videos on You Tube.  I'm not quite a pro yet, but have already ordered and used a few extra embroidery designs from Embroidery Library and downloaded them to the sewing machine with no problems. So far I've bought only Coats and Clark embroidery thread, and am having no problems with it.

The only glitch I've had so far was in trying to embroider a free-standing lace snowflake.  It was coming along beautifully when about 75% of the  way through, my regular thread jammed and I had to cut the snowflake out of the machine.  I think it might have been because of the type of water soluble stabilizer I was using, because it tore from the repeated stitching.  My local store didn't have the fibrous type, so I bought the ""crispy"" plastic stuff.  I should have waited to get the better stabilizer.  Or maybe I'll try two layers next time.

Overall, I'm in love with my new ""little Brother!""

Update to my original review January 8 2016:  I just used this machine to sew two denim tote bags, and it did the job beautifully.  I used a 100/16 needle and some of the seams and corners were six layers of denim.  I really appreciate that the lowest setting on the speed control is very slow because I used that speed going through some on the thickest corners.  With any other sewing machine, I have always gone through very heavy corners by hand-turning the wheel, which is no fun for arthritic hands.  The machine chugged through these layers on the slow setting, and it was about the same speed I get when I hand-turn the wheel.  What a help to be able to slow down the machine for tough spots!  The machine has plenty of speed when you want it, though.

I also noticed that the machine doesn't scoot across the table when it's working hard, as my other machine does, due to the rubbery feet on the bottom.  I'll have to find something like those for my other machine.

Have completed several embroidery projects now and am very happy with the results.  It's very easy to transfer new designs from the laptop to the sewing machine and then stitch them out.  This is a very good and versatile machine - you won't be disappointed if you buy it."
This is my favorite purchase of all time. I am pretty new to sewing and this machine makes me look like an expert. It is incrediably easy anyone can use it.
Great machine! Never have an trouble out of this and my wife uses it quite frequently!
LOVE LOVE LOVE  !!!
Very nice.
Very nifty machine for the price!  I wanted a sewing machine that also embroidered and this was the one with the best reviews at the lowest price.  I am very happy with it and the automatic threader is a God-send already!  The manual is very explanatory and easy to follow.  I am very happy with this machine!
So far the ease  and versatility of this machine makes its a great sewing machine what ever your level of expertise and the price on Amazon is like wow !!!!
Works as advertised.  Would buy again.
"Strictly a review based on the embroidery aspect of this machine. That's all I'm using it for.

I'm two days into using this machine, and I love it.
I'm an experienced sewer, I sew professionally even. I'm always really skeptical when buying cheap machines, but the sale that I got this on was such a steal that I couldn't pass it up, even if it's just a temporary learning machine.
Set up was a total breeze, and I was embroidering within 10 minutes of opening the box.
Everything I've made has turned out WONDERFUL. Looks very professional and clean.
The built in designs are.... cute... but definitely wore out their novelty fast. I've been downloading every free pattern I can find and playing with those. Hooking it up to your computer to do so is also VERY easy (you probably need a little computer knowledge though, at least knowing how to move a file from one folder to another)
I have basically not stopped sewing things since opening the box.

Zero regrets."
This machine is absolutely amazing!
I love this machine. It is everything they said it would be. And the price is great. Can't wait to use all the setting on it. Will be perfect for all the little American girl doll cloths I am making
Price dropped 74$ buck cheaper when hrs! Very nice of Amazon to give me a refund thank you! So far so good with the brothers SE400.
"This is the first machine I have purchased, my previous was a wedding gift 32 years ago. Sewing machines are so advanced. The Brother is above and beyond my expectations, the ease of use and user friendly software are great."
"I purchased this 2 1/2 years ago and use occasionally. Good machine. Was refilling the bobbin last night and noticed a small sticker I had missed before. ""Brother Refurbished"". I bought this as NEW from Amazon, and it was boxed in original box. I am sure Brother shipped it to Amazon that way. So check your machine when you get it, too late for me to do anything about it now. It is working well, but if I bought NEW, I should have received NEW."
"I have not tried the embroidery part yet, but the sewing is smooth and it's so easy to use!"
I had one previously that stopped working and had to buy another to replace it. Does great embroidery on dish towels and other things. Easy to use. Con: Needle threader on first one quit working almost right away.
Great price for the amount of features.  That is why it is the number 1 best seller in Embroidery Machines.
"We have had this item about 2 weeks and it seems to be the product that is going to be for us, beginners. We have a seperate Brother sewing machine and a Serger for other needs. The upload of ""graphics and letters"" via a laptop is straightforward. There are more than 2 ""YOUTUBE"" videos out there with clean, clear instructions on how to's to get the most out of this machine."
Great item
Worked great but not big enough area for me. I upgraded to the PE 770.
"Best machine I have ever used.  So easy to use and doesn't jam at all. The embroidery attachment is super cool and makes beautiful patches or designs.  I can't say enough about how awesome this machine is.  Not to mention the price is so affordable and does everything the much higher priced machines do.  I know a friend who has been using hers for 7 years with no issues and uses it to teach sewing students and do projects, so it's used daily.  I have a singer (brand new) that is worthless, jams everytime you attempt to use it."
"My husband bought this machine for me two years ago.  It stitches very nicely when sewing and as long as you are paying attention to your tensions, embroiders beautifully.  Patterns can be expensive but I have gotten a lot of very nice patterns from embroiderydesigns,com.  You can get 3 free patterns a week and if you watch for a sale, you can get a lot for a little.  All of the patterns I have gotten from here, whether they were free or I purchased them have stitched wonderfully.  There are other sites as well, just look for them.  I also recommend the prewound bobbins as when I tried to fill my own I had definite problems.  You can get a large box of prewound bobbins for not that much and it is so much easier.  I also bought the precut square stabilizer backing and I highly recommend those as well.  Not fighting the rolled up expensive stuff you get at the fabric store is wonderful."
I purchased this sewing machine because I wanting to learn to make quilts. I have never sewn in my life and though well this one seems easy. I made my first quilt within a week after having this machine. It is also an embroidery machine and I was overwhelmed at all the stuff I could do with it. I have since bought another brother sewing machine the new Disney one and passed this one on to my daughter. Since buying this machine I have made many quilts for family and eveyday learn something new. Awesome machine and my daughter learned to use it as soon as I sent it to her. I would recommend this machine to someone who has never sewn or did machine embroidery before because it is so easy to get use to you would be making things in a week.
"Easy to learn, easy to use, beautiful results!"
"Works wonderfully. The embroidery mechanism is a little lacking, and of course I wish there was an option for bigger embroideries, but it works great all the same.
This is what I expected and it was definitely worth the price"
Absolutely LOVE my new toy.
Have completed 5 quilts this year.  Some with embroidery design.  Was new to sewing when I got this machine and it has been great for me.
New at embroidering. Very easy to use and learn
"I'm a beginner, teaching myself and making lots of mistakes.  I have to be honest this machine makes it so much easier.  I don't even have to thread the needle by myself!  I've experimented with applique and embroidery and I'm having fun making all sorts of things.  Great machine and a reasonable price too."
Very nice machine
love this! saves me so much money making gifts for friends and family
Using it all the time
I love this machine.
For the price of the machine it works great
Love my machine.  I bought it to learn machine embroidery while i have now somewhat outgrown the 4x4 area I still love it and it is easy to learn on and work with.
"There is a learning curve to switch between the sewing and embroidery modes.  I was satisfied with the sewing, although very thick fabrics will not be handled by the machine.  The embroidery function is not great- so far all of my designs have been flawed, even with the use of a backing on the material.  The machine appears to have shipped misaligned.  I am disappointed, as I had intended to make use of the embroidery to make gifts."
"New hobby and haven't used it very much. Tutorial is wonderful for learning and step by step instructions. Still some quirks, but website has helped tremendously."
Very good
"I give this 4 stars because of the value verses money. I bought this machine because I could sew and embroider with it. Mine broke, some how the the needle got jammed inside the bobbin casing and just jammed the casing and when that happened it would not work. I'm not sure if it broke a part inside of it or what. The second one I got ""same model"" another part broke so I returned that one and got a new one and the last one I've had for 4 years now and it's done great. However it will ONLY embroider a 4x4 and you cannot re hoop with it or at least I can't figure it out if you can. Anyways I went on just to by the embroidery machine the SE 500 I think... because I loved this SE 400 machine just for a sewing machine after a while. It's awfully hard to find embroidery thread that doesn't jam up or pop with this particular machine. Buying the SE 500 also saved me from having to switch the parts to make it a sewing or embroidering machine because I sew at least 4-7 hours a day 6 days a week. It can be a lot of work at times having to switch back and fourth. But it is a good machine just had a glitch with a batch or something."
I have wanted an embroidery/sewing machine for years. I decided to get this one. I wish their was a sixth star. I absolutely love this machine. Everything is so easy to do. The manual is literally step-by-step instructions for everything. I have it on the shelf and refer to it often just to go through the steps and make sure I am doing things correctly. My very first embroidered piece is awesome. My quilt is just about finished. I am having so much fun.
It is too slow..
"I really like this machine.  However, this is my first computerized machine and I experienced a lot of frustration learning how to transfer patterns from my computer to the machine.  It's a simple process, but the problem is the manual/CD are not updated and don't provide all of the information.  Consequently I had to call Support about six times.  Also, the stitch length is in mm and not inches."
DOING WHAT WE NEEDED AND WORKS GREAT
"I received this machine as a gift and was so excited to have the embroidery option as well as many auto-features that weren't included on my Singer machine.  I've only had this machine for 2 months and I've already replaced NINE (count them...9) needles.  The automatic threader stopped working after only 3-weeks and then yesterday (exactly 2 months from the day I set up my machine) the automatic cutter quit working.  In fact, when I try to use the cutter not only does it NOT cut the bobbin thread, but it causes it to get snagged in the casing.  Now I can certainly thread the needle myself and cut the thread as I've always done, but that defeats the purpose of having these features and when you're doing an embroidery design with many color changes...it can be a downright pain to not have either of these functions available.  Furthermore, when I called Brother for a warranty repair they said that I either had to pay to ship it back to them or I could take it to a local authorized service center.  Turns out there's only ONE in my entire state and because I didn't buy the machine from them they said it would be ""at least"" 3-weeks before they could even look at it.

Aside from these issues the machine is nice.  It's easy to navigate through the touch screen, it sews nicely and the embroidery function is very easy and does a nice job.  If I wasn't so worried about what was going to go wrong next, I would love this machine, but unfortunately it hasn't been the awesome unit I had read about online."
Wife loves it
Not what I expected from Brother embroidery machine. Was difficult to learn how to use in the beginning and machine frequently messes up in the middle of embroidery.
Wonderful machine to start with! Has every feature necessary to begin your sewing/embroidery/applique adventure!! I have 2 of them!! :)
Love the machine! Great for beginners
"Love this machine. I had bought a Singer professional grade machine because of a great sale price. I was so disappointed, I immediately returned it for brother. With every Brother I've owned I've been able to sew right out of the box. I love it. User friendly. Even stitching. Reliable machine."
Sewed great but small area. I returned for a brother PE 770
Great starter embroidery machine.  Is a great sewing machine also.
it's too smart for me ... too many bells and whistles
I love this machine. I bought this so I i could learn how to see we. My husband did sewing in school and tried to teach me. Really easy to use. Love it
"Works great. First time embroidery user, easy to use and understand. I love it."
I love my machine.
"Love this machine.  It sews everything really well, is easy to use and does beautiful embroidery. I couldn't be happier"
"DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE!  You will have a lot of problems!  I've had this machine for several years now and I am FINALLY giving up on this particular model!  I will buy Brother again, but NEVER this model!  Tension gets knocked off easily.  Then the there are bobbin casing problems.  On my machine, it keeps popping out!  I'm done and I'm looking for a new one!  No matter what has been done to solve the many problems, they keep happening!"
This is my first new sewing machine in many years.  Can't believe how easy it is to use and how much it can do.  Simple things like hand controls and self threading make sewing easier.
"It was a lot nicer than I thought it would be.  Nice and quiet and the sewing is great.  I didn't know what to expect with a cheaper machine but I would recommend this machine for a beginner.....very easy to run.  I do have a more expensive brother but I needed a back up just in case.,  Was well worth it."
We really love this sewing machine. We are learning a lot about how to use it and having a lot of fun.
I love monogramming & it does a great job for such a reasonably priced machine.
"I have been sewing for forty years as a part time hobby.  Never seriously a seamstress, but could repair, alter and make simple things.  My last purchased machine was a singer that I love.  It is still working but has no programming as it is easily 25 years old.  I bought this machine to see what I could do with embroidery.  I spent four hours just absolutely thrilled with all the regular sewing options I now had.  The directions are easy to follow and the machine is amazing. I read tons of reviews on tons of machines before buying this one and my budget was much higher than I paid for this one. I decided to go with this machine as a first step to see what was available before sinking money into something that I might not enjoy/use.  I would not recommend this machine to a professional seamstress, as I am sure they would know better than I what they wanted, however I would recommend this machine to any novice trying to get started. It is so much fun."
Love the way this machine embroiders.  The sewing machine is excellent too.  I have had it for about 6 months with no issues. It is well worth the money.
Love it!
Very good
"I've been sewing for over 35 years and had the same Singer machine for the last 20.  I decided to upgrade to an embroidery machine and could not be more pleased.  Tons of great features and very easy to use.  I'm still learning the new techniques but this is a wonderful machine.  The only limitation is the 4"" hoop when it comes to finding designs online.  That said, I intentionally purchased a 4"" because I wasn't sure if I would actually enjoy the embroidery portion.  I'm sold!"
I love brother products and so far this machine is awesome and easy to use! I cant wait to use it for years!
I had a little trouble at first getting the needle to thread until I realized I didn't have the pressure foot on correctly. After I figured that out it worked fine. I love how it sews. Haven't had a chance to use the embroidery yet so can't wait to do that.
Love this machine!  I just wish it could embroidery bigger sizes without having to split the designs up with software.
It is defective . It is never work. I lost a lot of money becuase I can not return it .
Nice sewing machine.  Easy to use.
love it
"So much features, I love it. The only bad thing is that it does not adjust the foot pressure and makes it tough when sewing thin fabrics...."
Love it.  So easy to use after I learn how to install the bobbin.
after a month of using the machine makes an awful sound in the bottom
REAL GOOD!!!!!
"FANTASTIC MACHINE FOR THE PRICE. I WISH IT CAME WITH THE 1/4 "" FOOT RATHER THAN HAVING TO BUY IT SEPARATELY THOUGH."
Love my sewing machine!
"I bought this machine 4 years ago and I love it. It's perfect for my needs. The embroidery option is great for small projects but I'll probably upgrade to a bigger hoop in the future for bigger projects. The machine is easy to use and I only had an issue once (user error on my part). Take the time to read through the instruction book before you use it and keep it handy for a few weeks until you get the hang of it. I fully recommend this machine for beginner sewing/embroidery.

I paid full price for this product. This is my honest and unbiased review."
"Great sewing machine and so much easier to thread and wind bobbin.  It does everything it says it does. Easy,easy,easy."
I bought this about an year ago. Worked for three months then started breaking. I have returned it for repair two times and problem still persists. The last time i returned it for repair the company told me it is out of warranty and won't fix it.
Works great.  Looking forward to doing many projects with this mahine.
"Great machine and very capable. Look for SewArt software online, there is a free trial and is inexpensive to purchase. The software has really allowed us to create and sew a wide variety of designs."
"Disclosure 1: I have the SE425 model, which is exactly the same as the SE400 model..the only difference is you pay ~$30 more and you get 100 extra embroidery designs on a CD, 4 bobbins, and a zig zag foot (I also have a protective case, not sure if the SE400 has it or not).

Disclosure 2: I am BRAND NEW to sewing. This is the first time I have touched a sewing machine ever, zero experience. I took an introductory class so we actually only got to talk about sewing and all the things you need to sew, but I never got to touch the machine or make anything. However, I now know what a bobbin is. My review is going to be based on what it is like to unbox this thing, set it up, and run a test embroidery design.

I LOVE how easy it is to set this thing up, and I like that it doesn't take up much room at all. The first thing I did was open up my little bag of accessories and compared it with the pictures in the massive manual, just because I didn't know what things were. It took me a little over an hour and a half to set everything up to run the test design. This included plugging everything in, removing the existing needle and attaching the  correct needle, removing the foot and the foot holder and attaching the embroidery foot, threading a bobbin with embroidery bobbin thread then threading the bobbin to the machine, threading the upper embroidery thread, detaching the base unit and adding the embroidery base, picking a design, ironing my test fabric and ironing the stabilizer onto the fabric, placing the test fabric in the hoop, and running the test design. Note that I had to change the upper threads twice because I wanted to try different colors. The attached image was done within the same hoop.

I agree that it looks rubbish, but I think it's 100% due to hoop technique. The purple thread broke once and the machine stopped, but again- I think that has to do with threading technique rather than the thread quality or the needle or the machine. I like how detailed the instructions are- it doesn't assume that you understand the drawings on the machine (which I think are pretty intuitive, but sometimes it helps to see more information), it gives you a TON of details on how to thread everything. The manual is so well organized and easy to understand, I love it everytime it tells you how to attach something, it follows with how to detach it. I am not that great with following instructions, but this made it easy and not frustrating at all. When I was finished with the test design, I was able to reattach all the original accessories to make it just like it was before I touched it- I was able to do this fairly quickly since it's quite intuitive.

In terms of the actual machine, there's a few things that I like about it. It feels sturdy and well made, and does not move or vibrate much during the embroidery process. I think the light is plenty bright, but in the beginning when I was trying to figure out what holes to thread through, I had to use the flashlight on my phone. For regular sewing, the light in the machine is sufficient in my opinion. It's not super quiet, but I was able to hear the TV going on in the background. I love how easy it is to set everything up, and I love the insane amount of design possibilities you have. After shopping around for sewing machines, I realized what a good deal this was since it allows you to sew AND embroider. Although the embroidery space is only 4x4, I think it's more than enough for most home design needs. You can buy a bigger hoop separately so you can include more designs in the same space without rehooping, but the biggest design you can print is 4x4. I think this is very fair for the price you pay, considering this also works like a regular sewing machine. I did some research and the next model up from Brother that lets you sew and embroider bigger designs cost a few thousand dollars... this would be their Dream Weaver and Dream Creator line. They also have an NQ line that lets you sew and embroider bigger designs that also cost several thousand dollars.

I think my biggest dislike with this machine is that it only has space for 12 more designs or 540 kb worth. In this day and age, this seems surprising to me considering how cheap memory is. The ipod shuffle is tiny and has space for 2 GB of material, but this thing is still talking about kbs. Seems almost embarrassing, considering Brother is kind of in the tech industry. The good news is you can just have a folder on your computer and transfer whatever images/font you want when you need it, but that is still a hassle. Come on, Brother- step up your game and join us in 2015. With how cool and high tech this machine is, this is almost unforgivable!

End Note: I will update this review when I've actually sewn something cool.

9/25/2016 Update: Hope my review edit actually goes through this time... I have made many things with this simple sewing machine and am pretty content so far. I've made a duffel bag with zippers, magnetic buttons and embroidered initials, I've made an aloha shirt with plastic buttons, a knit t-shirt, a hoodie, pillowcases...

The most impressive feat so far would be the lined duffel bag. I had to use a walking feet but the machine was able to power through many layers of interfacing, fleece and corduroy. The other thing that was cool was how easy it was to sew knits... I think having the walking feet makes things a lot easier for sure, you will be able to expand what you can do with this machine by a lot.

I am starting to feel limited by the small embroidery field, but this is not primarily an embroidery machine. I did a bunch of research and the next level up for a big embroidery field + sewing capability would cost me a few thousand dollars ($2000-$5000) depending on model/ brand. I am a lot better than when I first started but still not good enough to justify that kind of money yet. One day...

Troubleshooting: I have had some issues with nesting but if I start further away from the edge that problem is usually addressed. The other thing that causes issues is the needle... using the wrong needle or a dull one can cause the thread to go nuts and get stuck. It's a good idea to clean the bobbin hole frequently, and re-thread the bobbin if things get stuck... bobbins can cause a lot of problems for all the machines.

Overall, still very pleased with this."
"Love my new sewing machine.  Easy to use,"
The wife loves it!
This is the first embroidering machine I've ever used and I've only been sewing for a couple years its user friendly and works great if you don't put cheap embroidery thread in there. I thought something was wrong with the machine and how I was threading it until I realized it was just cheap embroidery thread.
I absolutely love my SE400! It's an awesome machine and I've had it for a couple of months now. They only thing I would change about it is the size of the embroidery field. It's a great starter machine though.
Love this machine.
"I love this machine! The quality of the touch screen is great for the price and the embroidery is fantastic. This machine is able to make patches, and free standing lace! I work in an industry where I am surrounded by high end Husquvarna embroidery machines and the quality of the finished piece is the same. Embroidery is extremely addictive and this is the perfect beginner machine. I can't stress enough how this is only going a starter machine. If you love embroidery you will end up buying another machine with a bigger embroidery area, if you can afford to spend more then just go with a bigger embroidery area. The 4x4 is very limiting if you want to get serious with embroidery you will find yourself buying another machine."
Item arrived in good condition and was as described.
I love this machine. It works for everything I need. I love the embroidery on it and the preloaded patterns. It is so fun to create things with this wonderful machine.
"So far....so good!  I bought this machine for embroidering/personalizing my teenage kids' ""things"". My oldest headed off to his first year of college the week after my machine was delivered; and of course, I didn't get to the personalizing until about 4 days before the departure.  Needless to say, I had never operated a computerized sewing machine, and I was anxious that I hadn't given myself enough time to learn how to operate it.  To my surprise, I finished monograming his wash clothes, towels, and hand towels....along with a few lightweight throws...within a  couple of days.  Thankfully, It was easier to operate than expected."
"It's pretty straight forward to use by following the enclosed tutorials, but it definitely helps that this is such a popular machine there are many YouTube videos that step you through all stages of embroidery with it. My only comment is to make sure you have all the additional parts. My package was missing the medium size spool cap which is a pain since this fits most spool sizes I already have"
"did not  keep it.  maybe later.  already have sewing machine.  janome.  12 years old.  maybe later.

thank you.  will keep you in mind.  still would like to get one.  maybe later....."
"I loved this machine for sewing and embroidery, however, I had to return it due to not being able to embroider a larger enough area."
"I bought this Brother SE 400 Sewing / Embroidery Machine in December 2014 & I am totally impressed with it. I received it on time & I love it. No problems & I set it up & looked at a few videos on you tube & I was sewing & embroidering & have done many projects with it & the price was 299.99, it was the deal of the day !!! I love my machine & would not trade it for anything, Its so easy to download Embroidery Design files from the internet & it embroiders like a dream."
"This machine is a ton of fun!

This is the perfect machine for beginners with awesome functions like auto backstitching, thread cutting with a button, easy to use embroidery functions and fun heirloom stitches. The drop in bobbin is also really easy to use.

 I personally am having a blast with the embroidery part of the machine and have even gotten into digitizing my own designs. I would note that while it does come with a lot of parts, you'll likely end up spending a small fortune collecting all the things necessary for sewing and embroidery."
I love this machine.  I have been using it for a year now and it has performed very well with no performance issues.  I knew NOTHING about monogramming before and it's been so easy to self-teach and experiment.  Highly recommend purchasing computer software embrilliance for making your own designs.  It works flawlessly with this machine.  Also a multi position hoop works well and really helps when stitching projects larger than the 4x4
thankful
Got this for my daughter as a starter machine. She loves it. What can I say?
"I've only ever owned a very old Singer Slantomatic and 4 different Janome machines.  This is my first Brother.  I've only had the machine for a couple of days, but I must say that I'm pleased with its performance, given the price of around $300.  So far, it sews a very straight stitch, although  I'm still trying to figure out the markings for a 1/4"" seam.

I've played around with the embroidery feature too, and have created some very decent monograms so far.

I do have to hand it to brother on the ease of threading this machine!  Threading the drop-in bobbin is impressively easy, and the needle threader is fool-proof (so far).  It's much easier to thread than any of my Janomes.

I consider this machine to be VERY feature-rich for the price."
Great machine for the money
"fun, fun, fun for my wife to embroider our grandchildren's stuff."
I love my machine
"This machine has taken countless hours off of my life. At first I thought this would be a great all-in-one machine that I could complete all my projects without taking up too much space. I have done both sewing and embroidery projects and although the sewing on this machine has not given me any problems, the embroidery part is a joke. This machine can handle a three letter monogram, but forget it if you ever think you will use it for anything bigger like appliqus, etc.  I have wasted so much money buying clothes to embroider and i end up throwing them away bc my machine messes up and ruins it every time. If you think you may enjoy doing this, i promise you will be better off investing in a better machine. don't wast your time and money.  I wish i would have known."
"I love this sewing machine! I haven't used it to its full potential yet, but I can't wait to try. It comes with a ton of stuff - different needles and feet, a cd with videos and tips, extra bobbins, etc."
"I purchased my SE400 Brother 3 years ago and it's still running strong and loves up to all my crazy projects! Embroidery is great and simple to set up. Only Tough part is if your doing a name that is to long for the hoop needing to readjust so it flows well!

Happy Sowing :-)"
"I bought my first one of these to use as a carry around machine more so than an embroidery, It has all the bells and whistles of a big machine but without the embroidery attachment it weights about 13 lbs.  I gave it to a Granddaughter and got another brand that cost about twice as much and weighted more that twice as much.  I took that to my local brother dealer and requested an exchange of another SE400 with in 3 months and got one across the board. Some would say I got a bad deal- but I think I got a super deal- because at 3/4 of a century. Lifting a machine without hurting your self is important. It uses Class 15 bobbins, as does my big Janome 6600 and my Babylock embroidery Machine. I like the Klasse and inspria needle. using topstitch mostly because they have larger eye so it is easier to thread them. If you like to sew with friends at different places this is about as perfect machine as you can get. I say that after owning a Janome 760 also."
"Love it, bought it in 2014. because I needed a small machine that could also travel. Sew beautiful lined drapes with it,  so the sewing option allowed me to work on the deck. Needed to  because of the width of the drapes.
great value great price and has not let me down. also able to download lots of free designs to computer and then sew them out as needed.
Not a lot of storage but I am not a big time embroidery user. I have used it for lovely Christmas towels, and intend to try more designs, by  making bridal lace for my clients."
"This is my first embroidery machine and I am having so much fun learning to use it.  I needed a new machine for sewing and this one gave me the extra benefit of embroidery.  I have wanted to learn how to do embroidery by machine. This was at a great price and allowed me to not just get a sewing machine, but one that I could also do quilting and embroidery."
Great sewing/ embroidery machine
"I bought this machine on impulse after reading a review on amazon where the purchaser called herself ""crafty as an old sock,"" with limited experience sewing. That 's me all right. Limited to nonexistent experience in anything to do with sewing. I am happy to report that if you can thread the se400 correctly everything else works seamlessly. It couldn't be more simple. Another impressive feature that the machine comes with is a couple of awesome books of detailed and clear instructions, complete with diagrams. The instructions anticipate every problem or mistake that a novice might encounter. In addition to the books the machine comes with a CD tutorial which is also very good. Kudos to the editors of the manuals and the CD; they are really exemplary.
And then there is the massive array on YouTube of "" how to .....""  Anything you might want to embroider, quilt, appliqu or sew is right there waiting for you. You can also avail yourself of a tremendous number of designs by downloading them to your computer as a PES file and plugging your computer into the sewing machine. (how hard would it have been to put a thumb drive on the machine?) however all the necessary items for this process are included and you will be impressed by the number of outside designs available to you. Some drawbacks are that your design can only be a little less than 4x4, but you can purchase bigger hoops and combine designs within that area. The brother PE770 has most of the premium features that it doesn't take long to figure out that the SE 400 doesn't have BUT the PE 770 only embroiders. The SE 400 is a multi tasker,  both embroidering and sewing. With my limited experience, a combo entry machine was definitely the only choice. If you decide to buy this machine with the intent to embroider, better go ahead and purchase embroidery thread, pre wound bobbins, stabilizers sheets, and water soluble stabilizer. I bought a pack of napkins to try out the embroidery features before I moved on to baby clothes and towels. I have just begun some quilt squares. This is from someone who hasn't owned a sewing machine since 1980. The only thing that remains to be seen is if the machine is durable with moderate to light use."
Download SewWhat Pro and  your  machine  will  embroider  and applique internet downloads.  You will be so happy  you  did!!
"I did not ues yet but, I like"
Does what it is supposed to! Am pleased!
I just love this one
"The sewing machine works great. Haven't had any problems. BUT I just found out (8 months later) when trying to do more with my machine, that this machine can ONLY do 4x4.  I had to go back and look at the description to see if it stated that or not.  It says 4x4 capabilities, but does not state that you CANNOT embroider other sizes.  I thought I could just buy a larger hoop to attach to my machine.  And it was too late to return it for an upgrade once I figured this out....Wish the description would have been more clear."
This was completely BROKEN and BENT! Do not buy!!!!!
work so good
"When I purchased this machine (after watching YouTube and other videos), I assumed it was a little larger.  The Brother SE400 Combination Computerized Sewing machine is convenient for someone who is just learning how to expand their knowledge in using various embroidery designs. It is a miniature of my Babylock Esante Computerized Embroidery and Sewing machine and little smaller than my Bernina Aurora. However, if one is on a budget I would recommend this machine over the Bernina. The Aurora embroider systems is sold separately and cost roughly $800.  Although some views claimed the use of various hoop sizes, the SE400 machine is programmed up to a 4 x 4 design range.  The Embrilliance Embroidery software package works well with this machine and my Babylock."
"I'm fairly confused by this machine.  I bought it because two of my friends had it, and constantly raved about it.  They are both excellent professional seamstresses, and have both been sewing for around 20 years... about as long as I have.  Both of their machines work perfectly, but mine has slowly seemed to decline.  I'm not sure what is going on with the bobbin and it's casing, or the thread cutter, but I've been having a lot of issues.  About 1 month into owning the machine, the thread cutter started working strangely, instead of simply cutting the thread, it would require me to pull the fabric out in a certain way to get the bobbin thread to cut.  Now, as of today on 7/31... it will no longer even cut the thread, and on top of that, it doesn't release the thread, it gets stuck.  Wiggling the balance wheel does nothing, as it would on an industrial single needle.  I have to either rip the fabric away, or take my nippers and slide them between the feed dogs and fabric to snip the bobbin thread.  I have not yet called Brother to see how they want to handle this, and I am past my 30 day return policy.  Overall, I'm very much not impressed by this machine.  It has a lot of bells and whistles that I do like, but they are mostly worthless if it cannot even operate its basic functions after a couple months of use."
Really nice
Great sewing machine for fashion people. Worked well and got a lot of sewing done.
I CAN GET MINE TO WORK! Total waist of money if you ask me!
Love love love this little sewing machine. It has a lot of functionality for the price. The automatic needle threader changed my sewing life. The embroidery is also easy to use. Was able to use the darning stitch to mend a pair of my husbands favorite shorts.
As a beginner this machine is great and easy to use
After reading the manual this is a fairly easy machine to use. It makes nice stitches and is not too loud. I have used the embroidery and sewing options. For me this is a great little machine. It's easy to thread.  I am learning as I go. So far I love it!!!
Wonderful machine! No project is too big or small for this sewing machine.
"I have sewed for 35 years so I am not new to sewing machines. I admittedly am getting used to the new ""bells and whistles"" on machines because my first one was an old black Singer with a knee control (which I loved.)  This Brother was my 3rd upgrade from that machine and had more features than I could ever use. I have become an avid quilter and I wanted to upgrade my Singer Stylist (great machine!) to something with both quilting and embroidery features. I was SO EXCITED to get this machine which makes my disappointment even greater.  I only had it for a week and, yes I know I didn't give it much time, but from the start it was so awkward.  I sent it back.  Generally the threading, bobbin winding, etc. was similar to what I was used to . . . that wasn't the problem.  I read the manual maybe not REAL carefully but sufficiently.  I had bought a Brother printer/copier all-in-one several years ago.  I got rid of it because it was a pain AND everything had to be ordered from Brother.  I should've considered this.  Everything had to be ordered . . . I could not find accessories other than AMAZON or Brother.  Ok . . . I could deal with that but I have lots of various presser feet which, naturally, won't work.  Again, that was to be expected and I could live with that. I also knew I'd have to spend time learning the machine and I really wanted to love it.

In order to get to know my new machine, I started straight stitching . . . nothing tricky . . . and something I've done millions of time. The first thing I noticed was that all the spool covers were too big so as I stitched the thread would move up the spool pin.  Once it nearly came off.  I tried using the covers from my other machine but, naturally, they weren't the right size.  I was constantly pushing the spool of thread back so it wouldn't come off the pin.  I did not like the 1/4 seam marking.  The needle placement and clear presser foot made it was so hard to see to guide the fabric.  I was constantly redoing my seams.  I liked the automatic thread cutter idea but stopped using it.  Why? because about every 3rd time I used it, the cut top thread as it was released (like a bungee cord) would snap back out of the needle and I'd have to rethread it again.  I tried several ideas to fix this and it still happened.  Then sometimes the LCD screen would ""beep"" and tell me to check the upper threading even when the needle was still threaded!  The final straw was when I broke 2 needles in about 5 minutes. This all happened before I even tried to do anything special or new.  I turned the machine off, unplugged it, gathered the accessories, loaded it in the box, requested a return from Amazon, and UPS pick-up picked it up today.

I am sure that someone will write to say nicely (or not so nicely) that I am a moron, should've given it more time, (that seemed to be a running theme throughout all the positive reviews), blah, blah, blah, but from the first the machine was awkward, horribly time-consuming, and annoying.  Others have stated that they had problems with the thread cutter and needle breakage and had similar complaints.  I am back to my wonderful Stylist and happily doing more research on which machine is right for me."
This machine is perfect for beginners like me. I had no trouble understanding the instructions or video. Great price for a sewing and embroidery machine
Love
Wife loves it.
"Love this machine! Very user friendly. However, if you plan on customizing designs or downloading embroidery files you will have to have some type of Embroidery software."
"I haven't had a sewing machine in decades.  I was amazed at all they can do now.  From clothing repair to thousands of embroidery patterns I've only scratched the surface of what this machine can do.  It was easy to setup and has subtle reminders printed on the machine about threading etc.  Even when I mess up the light turns red and tells me what to check on.  The embroidery option slips on and off easily.

The only thing I've had trouble with is the sewing platform is fairly wide.  Repairing sleeves and dog muzzles etc can be tricky because they can't fit around.  A small issue over all.  I'd buy it again."
"This machine stopped working after 3 months. To get it repaired I have to drive an hour to an authorized service center. Do not waste your money, brother is not helpful and could care less if your machine works."
Great sewing machine.
"I am new to embroidery.  I have only used this machine for sewing small things so far.  Just purchased embroidery thread, so I am going to find a project and start embroidery soon.  I seem to really like the machine a lot.  I love embroidery and have done it by hand for years.  I cannot wait to get started.  I love the machine and how it operates so far.  I've been looking into what kind of machine to start out with since I am new to machine embroidery.  I found several great reviews on this machine.  So excited to have finally purchased this.  Can't wait to get started."
Good machine.
"I love this machine!  I read the description of the machine and decided to try it after I had already sent two  back to Amazon.  This is truly an amazing machine.  I do not like the way the bobbin winds, can't seem to get that down right, and for some reason my needles keep breaking, even though they are brother needles, but over all I am keeping this machine forever.  I have not tried out the embroidery function yet, and I will in time, but  since I just got this machine, I am having fun using it for all my sewing needs.  I just can't ever over how easy it is to thread the needle.  Why don't they make all sewing machines this easy?"
"I started sewing by teaching myself. I had a Singer Simple and hated that machine. It gave me issue after issue. As soon as I knew I could sew and wanted to keep doing it I decided I need to upgrade. After much research I decided on the Brother SE-400. This machine is amazing. It's like night and day. It's easy to use, the manual is easy to read and understand. The embroidery part it easy to use and set up. It came with lots of extras which was great."
Wonderful machine. My wife loves it.
Only tried sewing so far. Broke 2 needles so far. Not happy about this as it was not a heavy weight material. Like the needle threader although it takes some getting used to. It is relatively quiet. Anxious to try the embroidery feature. Hope this works and does not break needles.
Easy to use. Was able to embroider right out of the box.
"Great machine!  have sewn a ton since purchasing this machine.  Embroidery capability is fabulous!  love how everything is so easy.  I still have more to learn, but I love....love....love it!"
Exactly what I needed!
"Great item great delivery, we are happy with this seller, will deal again"
I love my machine however I wish it would have came with more rings different size rings and you can only do a small area so don't look for doing big lettering or big areas.
"Awesome machine, now I need a serger lol."
Great machine does everything.
"Not a fan of this as a beginner. I made a few dresses and skirts for my daughter and everything seemed fine, but when I tried to monogram or embroider, I kept getting an error message. I searched the internet and tried several solutions. Nothing worked. I'm having my husband take  a look at it. Not at all satisfied for the price I paid."
I use this for everything. And I love it.
wife loves it
This machine does so many things!! love it haven't even started on some of them.
"Bought this for my Fianc for her birthday and it's a great machine! She's made stockings with embroidered letters and numerous repairs to my wardrobe. I even made a few items on it and enjoyed the functionality of the machine. Help functions are great, swapping gear is easy, menu and display is pretty functional for the price (larger touch screens found on upper models add $$$). The automated stitching aids are awesome, needle always finds the right position to turn fabric or reverse course. Very impressed with the build quality and variety of components in this package. Easy to setup and wind bobbins, even changing colors for embroidery is easy and keeps your place in your work until you get configured. Again...Awesome Machine!!!"
I don't sew but my wife loves it. Can download extra embroider patters.
The thread broke few times while trying to embroidery a built in pattern. Then the needle broke. Returning the item today.
As expected.
"Not the best machine but it will get the job done. Embroidery is beautiful but not a huge space. The largest thing you could do (at one time) would probably be monogramming some towels. The sewing part of the machine is good for PERSONAL use. Do NOT use for industrial use. If you are a professional seamstress and do many alterations at a time, this machine will FALL APART. And you will not have a warranty to help you. So if you need a good heavy duty machine to do thick fabrics or tough jobs, get yourself a bernina 350PE and keep this brother for your embroidery items. The reason for the three stars is because it's a nice embroidery machine but a piece of s*** of a sewing machine if you need to do good professional work."
"Did not work!
Worked only 3 times then every single time after that it would get jammed in the middle of every design
I'm extremely upset since I spent about $200 worth of materials for my projects and this thing does not work.

The first needle broke
The second needle bent I don't even know how but I poked my self trying to get it out since it had gotten stuck."
Great Machine! even for a beginner
"My husband bought this for me for Christmas in 2010.  It was my first sewing machine, and I wanted one that I could use to embroider things as well.  Not knowing anything about sewing, I read the instruction manual and watched the instructional DVD that came with the sewing machine.  Then I started practicing sewing straight lines on scrap pieces of fabric.  The instructions were very easy to understand, and being a novice seamstress, I was able to sew 4 pillow cases with zippers with no trouble at all.  Now after having this sewing machine for almost 5 years, and countless sewing projects, it is still going strong.

I have had to clean the lint out of the feed dogs twice, because it caused the machine to jam up, but that is normal maintenance on any sewing machine.  However, it was pretty difficult to remove the metal plate covering the feed dogs in order to clean it.  I love that it has an automatic needle threader as well as a thread cutter built into the machine.  It comes with a great variety of presser feet for any beginner and even those who have been sewing for many years.  The embroidery attachment comes with 5 different fonts for letters, and several different pictures and patterns that you can embroider using different color threads.  One thing that I don't really like about the embroidery attachment is that it is only able to embroider a 4""x4"" square.  That makes it very difficult when trying to embroider a long name (more than about 4-5 letters).  It is possible to do part of the name, and then finish the rest of the name after repositioning the fabric in the embroidery hoop, but it is a big hassle.  Also, once in a while while embroidering, the thread won't have the correct tension for one or two stitches and will cause a loop to pop up.  This started happening after about 2 years of using the machine.  Overall, it's a great machine for beginners and experts alike!

Pros:
Easy to figure out
Touch Screen
Many different stitches to choose from
Embroidery attachment with a variety of fonts, pictures, and patterns
Automatic needle threader and thread cutter
Comes with a variety of presser feet and accessories

Cons:
Small embroidery hoop
Some tension problems while embroidering (after a couple years of use)
Hard to take apart to clean feed dogs"
"Still In Love with my SE400 after two years of sewing and embroidery!  It really is a great buy as you get both a nice sewing machine and an embroidery machine in one.  Please keep in mind you will need to order the software for embroidery.  Yes, you can purchase embroidery machines that allows you to embroidery larger projects, but this machine is just perfect for my needs."
Very good this item .. But the problem is Electricity 110 not 220
I absolutely love it.
I love this machine! I bought it for my daughter and fell in love with it while I was learning how to use it so I could teach her. I recommend this to both the novice and the experienced sewer.
This is a great machine. It is really easy to learn how to use and sews beautiful stitches.
"well, its different, good, but different, i'm having a heck og a time remembering want the symbols"
excellent
We sent this back.  Now worth the money.
good
"I really really really wanted to try out embroidery. But I just could not justify spending more than $300 on something that I wasn't sure I would enjoy. Enter the Brother SE400 - admittedly I would have preferred an embroidery only machine, as I've already got two other perfectly good sewing machines, but it was still significantly cheaper than any embroidery only machines so I went for it. Boy am I glad I did! I love being able to customize quilts and clothing. There are a TON of designs out there that do fit in the hoop, so even though I've occasionally been disappointed to see a beautiful design that was not offered in a 4x4 size, I've been able to do so much with it and confirmed that the next time I have a little extra cash it would be worth it for me to splurge and buy another machine with a larger hoop. I did have one frustrating episode when it was creating thread tangles but I simply changed the needle and that solved everything."
Is nice.
"Love it.  Grandma is have fun making unique shirts for the 4 & 6 year old boys.  Also, monograms and flowers on napkins and kitchen towels is easy to do.  So many patterns to choose from and so many ways to use them.  Great and easy to use machine.  Must use good quality thread and correct needles."
"I've had my machine for over two years and still absolutely love it! I've costumed two ballet companies as well as my own kids for Halloween and other events. I've sewn clothes, curtains, swim flags, bags, you name it. I have only embroidered a few dozen things, but every one has been perfect. This machine travels well and stands up to lots of use. It's worth every penny and more."
Excellent value for the price!
I ordered 2 - for my daughter and me - I love it- there are endless tutorials online to learn from
"This is a wonderful machine.  The button holes are very precise, every stitch has been perfect.  It has smooth starts and stops, not jerky, and can sew very slowly, which I find helpful in small spaces.  Start up is quick, it's portable.  Hard to believe such a small machine can do so much."
"This machine is a disaster. It misfeeds, tangles and rips fabric. I tried to initiate a return and I was just barely too late to do anything about this lemon of a machine. I've troubleshooter for literally hours and hours and it's just not working at all. What a waste of money."
I made a great choice by purchasing the Brother SE400. I'm still learning how to use it but so far so good! I've made one project already without a big headache! Thank you
"I've had my Brother since October 2014 and I love it! It was intimidating at first but mainly because I had not sewn for over 20 years and to go from a basic machine to what I consider a high tech machine, it was a bit overwhelming.  I took the time to practice, read the manual (as needed) and I invested some valuable time  on youtub to help with some visual learning. Its has been a wonderful machine and I have zero regrets in purchasing it.  I am not sure what the other person met by having to spend more $, but the only thing I've had to invest in is sewing fabric and notions. This machine does everything and much more then I ever expected.  I totally recommend this even if you are a beginner!"
"Fell in love with this product!
Package came in on time, super fast.
Also, well packaged, nothing missing or out of place.
Highly recommend this easy to use, cost efficient embroidery machine."
very disappointed hidden costs and machine does not even work like it should teach me to save for a year and buy a product that is useless to me now ......
I Love The SE400 works very nice Thanks A+++
"Good machine!  Great value!  Note, only up to a 4x4 image."
"I got this for Christmas. I love, love, love it. I haven't had a chance to use all of the features yet. There are alot of them to use. But it sews easy and have had no problems so far. So glad to have this!!!"
Awesome machine
What a perfect machine.  Sorry I took so long to buy it.  Work like a charm.  I am an advanced sewer and it makes my work easier to do.  Love it!
"The price is well worth this combo machine. I've never touched a sewing machine and have no idea how to sew. After a week, I've figured out the basics of threading, winding the bobbins, swapping the machine to do embroidery. I've made many mistakes and learning a little each day. The cons of this machine is that you can't buy a larger hoop. It's the biggest complaint of the machine and you'll quickly realize 4x4 is small for monograming. This machine does not come with basic software for design layouts. I'm not the most tech savvy person but without the software, I can't do multiple initials correctly. It does come with a USB cord to upload your designs from your PC to the machine however, it's a pain because of the time issues. There is a slot for a brother card(expensive)!! It's cheaper to buy the card reader(you'll need if you want to use the cards) you can upload your designs to the card and put the card in the machine. You do NOT have to have these cards if you don't mind turning on your laptop, opening files and uploading. I'm disabled and my laptop is a bit heavy and it's extra steps I don't have time for at my sewing table. All of my errors are not because of the machine but because I'm learning. Hooping is a struggle! Figuring out which stabilizer and making sure designs are sized correctly. If you're new, like me, be patient and keep trying. I would buy this machine again as a novice. If you're skilled in hooping for monograming, buy a different model with a much larger hoop. ""Update-2nd review"" I wanted to add a few things for newbies. Deciding what software was a challenge but I chose Embrilliance with an auto download and it's great! You can get your monogram designs just how you want, edit and have fun. I should blog on my learning experiences. All the little things I've figured out through research. Also, you can buy a larger hoop for your machine. If you use software, it'll work to keep you from re hooping your designs. My new hoops (multi positional hoops from Amazon ) will arrive today. Can't wait. If you're trying to learn this machine don't be discouraged with the small 4x4 hoop. Look at Amazon review for these hoops and make sure they're for Brother 400. I'll let yall know how the designs turn out. These are NOT brother hoops but they work."
I'm starting to sew again after many years.  This sewing machine is perfect for someone like me with some sewing experience.  It does everything I need plus a lot of extra features.  Directions are easy to follow and the included DVD is very helpful.  I haven't tried the embroidery functions yet other than some practice stitching but so far it's been a dream to sew with this machine.  It's sturdy yet light enough to move easily.  It comes equipped with lots of accessories.
OMG I love this sewing embroidery machine. I have bought and downloaded so may designs.
I love this machine. I use it almost daily!  its so easy to use and the manuels are very helpful
Love it to death!!!
I don't nor will I use the machine.  I bought it for my wife after she kept saying she had to have it. She hasn't used it once yet and no telling when she might so it's kind of hard to review.
Thanks Good Item.
"Wonderful light weight machine. Sews beautifully.  Easy to use and the embroidery parts are easy to install and use. So fun! Have not sewed in years, and it has allowed me to enjoy making things again.  Lots of excellent YouTube videos out there to learn how to use.  They were so helpful for me. Check them out if you purchase one."
"I have to say it can produce some absolutely fantastic looking works.  However, you really never know what you are going to get.  On several occasions I have loaded it up with the exact same material/backing/thread/etc and it may do well one time, but produce sloppy results the next.
The bottom line is you can not count on this machine doing what you want it to do.  You can, with enough time, retries and some more retries, and extra material, get the results you want.  However after adding all the extra that is takes to produce quality work, I would say you would be much better off buying a more expensive machine.
After working for nearly 2 hours hours to get just two shirts done (the first one was great, the second was a nightmare)  I would gladly have paid another couple of hundred bucks for a better machine."
"got this for my mom for her birthday, she is ecstatic and loves it!! came in quick and in a big box! she hasn't put it down since shes gotten it!"
This is my wife's favorite machine! She is well pleased with the ease of use.
broke in less than sn hour of straight sewing. I have been sewing since I was 9. Sent this 2nd one back too and opted for a different brand
"I've had the SE400 for about six months now and have started a side business making kids' t-shirts. This is my first embroidery machine, so in principle I like it a lot because I'm able to do so much more than I was able to do without it. HOWEVER, it is undoubtedly a pretty finicky machine. It is not uncommon for me to hold my breath as I'm embroidering, as I'm expecting one of the following things to happen:

1) The thread will break - even with good thread and new needles. Often due to #2.
2) The thread will get caught on the spindle - something that I've managed to rig with a command hook (see picture) so it is happening less
3) The bobbin thread won't catch and will need to be rethreaded between sections/colors - which means removing the hoop and opening the bobbin case over and over again.
4) The thread cutter will cease to work mid project for some unknown reason. It resets itself when turned off and on again.

This (at least my) machine does NOT like fonts smaller than .75 inches or other small designs. I tend to use it mostly for appliques and larger fonts, as embroidery designs just seem too complex for this machine. It also hates tear-away stabilizer, which seems to be related to thread breakage and knotting. It is also worth noting that my 4inch Brother hoop broke a week ago (the screw stripped within 6 months of use), and had to be replaced.

I have to admit that I get nervous before every project because I have yet to make it through a project without some technical issue (and I sew almost daily). I've learned how to overcome some of these challenges, and just live with others. I guess it is to be expected from a low-end embroidery machine. I know that I'll outgrow this machine soon (especially with the hoop size limitation, although the repositional hoop does help), but the next step up is a big one with a hefty price tag. So I'm just going to love my little machine, as temperamental as she is. :)

PS - If you buy this machine (or any embroidery machine, for that matter), know that you will be spending a lot more than you planned on things like good thread, stabilizer, and embroidery needles. I also purchased the design program ""Sew What Pro"" (+- $65) to allow for custom digitizing. Expect a learning curve between the machine and the design program, but it is pretty fun when you get it figured out!"
"Very easy to use, a lot of great advanced features, great starter machine or intermediate machine to upgrade to. 100% satisfied! You will not regret it!"
Yes i Saw beautiful... Needle. Strong
works very well. my sister got one too. she is a great seamstress and quilter but NO computer skills. She figured out the computer on it before i did.
"I have had this on my wish list for 2 years and finally saved up enough to take the plunge and start learning embroidery.  I did A LOT of research on what would be the best beginner machine and this was at the top of many people's lists.  I ordered it with Prime, but it did not arrive on time... and was actually a couple days late.  All of that didn't matter once I finally got it, though.

First, let me say that I got this ONLY for the embroidery side of it.  I have a sewing machine but because I was on a budget this was my number one pick (ended up about $308 after tax when I purchased it).  I am glad this has the sewing capability, though, because now I can give my Mom my ""old"" sewing machine.  This does NOT replace a Serger in case anyone is wondering (I think I saw that question when I was doing my research).

On the sewing side, I have done very little with it but I think it is good enough for a beginner sewer.  The threading takes a little practice, but any new machine needs to be learned so this is not as difficult as it looks.  I do rather simple sewing for the most part and this can do a LOT more than what I need currently.  So, there is room for growth!

On the embroidery side, I'm a complete newbie and even after doing a TON of research, watching hundreds of videos, going through the manual four times, and literally going through every question listed for this machine... I had problems.  My problems would have been SUPER easy to solve if they were commonly experience, but all of the answers for the problem were the same.  My problem was that when I was trying out designs it was ONLY using the bobbin thread.  I read that you could use the same color thread for the bobbin but that was unnecessary and not very helpful because if the bobbin thread was being used it was also creating a different look to the embroidery.  THIS IS CORRECT!  It looked horrible even with the same color being used.

The manual, the answers to questions, the websites, etc.... all said that it was a threading or tension problem.  I spent hours going through every single step of what was needed.  I even read an apparently irritated person's response about reading the manual and reread that thing at least 3 or 4 times.  I really am not stupid... but I couldn't figure out the problem.  I finally found a random post somewhere (maybe on the Brother website) saying that the thickness of the fabric can cause some problems.  Although I had researched the best stabilizer for flannel and was using it, I thought maybe that was the problem.  So, I doubled up the stabilizer and wouldn't you know it... the embroidery turned out beautiful.  I didn't have a single stitch of bobbin thread showing.  So, apparently it works better on pretty thick material.

The machine comes with a pre-wound bobbin to begin with which is what I was using.  I ended up using almost the entire thing before I figured out what was going on.  Although this appears to be a decent machine for beginners, I would be prepared for possible problems that need some guessing.  I have now had the machine for 12 days and although I had a horrible problem in the beginning, I can say that once you get it working, it's a great machine.

There ARE some limitations with this machine.  The max size that can be embroidered at one time is just under 4"".  Had I realized this before I purchased the machine, I may have waited and gotten a larger size.  However, there are a TON of projects that can be done with the 4"" hoop.  As a beginner, I thought it would be best to just get something that was within my budget to try out before I invested in a larger machine.  I kind of wished I hadn't thought this way because when I was searching for specific designs that I wanted to try out later on, I found that I couldn't use them on this machine because of the amount of stitches required and the size.

One last thought on this for anyone interested in buying it.... don't assume the word ""simply"" really means it is simple.  When I was attaching the embroidery hoop it was a lot harder than everyone said.  It might be because it is a brand new machine or that I was scared to damage it so I was being too gentle... but attaching the hoop was not easy for me until I learned some of the things that all those experts already know.  I hope some of this helps other people that are interested in buying this machine or already have!  I'm excited to get all of my projects finished and I will update this if I find anything else that I think might be helpful for other users!"
"My wife is replacing me with this embroidery machine, that is all I have to say."
"So love this machine, very easy to use. I actually took it right out of the box and started embroidering immediately.  The only drawback is the hoop size is so small 4x4 which is 100 cmx100 cm. So be prepared to either buy the repositionable hoop or go with a machine that has a bigger hoop since this is so small."
good quality
"love this machine, easy to use and fun!"
very good quality machine--works great
"Great Beginner Sewing and embroidery Machine, Had it for over 6 month, never had a problem with it!, needles break sometimes when embroidery but they can always be changed and it happens with all the machine, the embroidery hoop is 4x4 and if you are a beginner that would be the perfect beginner machine for you"
"I bought this based on the large number of reviews, many of them good. I used the machine a few times (once with the included brother thread and three other times with Floriani thread) with no problems. All four designs looked great--I was embroidering some basic designs on flat woven kitchen towels. After this, each time I would attempt to embroider anything I would break a needle or break the thread. Sometimes I would have loose thread loops on the top or bottom of the design. I changed the needles (using the included replacement needles) and re-threaded the machine with each issue. I tried troubleshooting the machine using both the manual and Brother's website. After several Google searches I concluded the tension must be off. I had had the machine one month and decided I didn't have the patience to troubleshoot  the tension on a ""new"" machine and wasn't going to spend the money to have it repaired one month after purchase. More than likely my experience is rare, but I was unwilling to risk receiving a replacement with similar issues so I returned it for a refund. I really wanted to love this machine. Too bad mine was a dud."
Love it!
"Came very quickly exceeds my expectations,"
"This machine is great for the price. It has several preprogrammed options, and it is very easy to add new embroidery files. The 4"" loom is rather limiting on design possiblities and in my experience, it does not do well with some of the more complicated designs. I have to watch the needle the entire time it is doing the embroidery, as it sometimes gets stuck and pulls the fabric. Overall, it does its job well, and I am happy with it. I have never used it for basic sewing, though, as I have another machine for that."
Awesome machine!  So easy to use!  The only con is that it only does 4x4.  Well worth the price!
Great machine for sewing and embroidering! My first and has been very easy to use / learn on.  Does everything I need!!!
"I love this machine, however when I finally was able to really use it, the 4 x4 hoop was not working~ the bolt which tightens the bottom was stripped.  Because of a wedding and other things, I missed the return date and am not sure how to get the hoop replaced.  If you can help please let me know.  Thank you."
Love it so far! Made my business logo with this
"Very good machine. For the price you cannot beat this machine. The quality is very good. The sewing size is not very large, but it is great for little projects."
Great machine at this price!
Great machine! Love it!
"Superb!

Easy learning curve, awesome finishings."
"OMG!!  So this is my first embroidery machine and I LOVE it!  Suuuper easy to use,  right out of the box."
"It's been over a year since I've had this sewing machine and I absolutely love it. I've used the embroidery function a lot and have gotten tons of free embroidery designs from sites like annthegran or embroiderydesigns. It's so beautiful to look at, everything is so easy to set up, and it's extremely portable. I've made so many different outfits and utilized so many of the different stitches. I still have so many more to explore, but it is one of the best purchases I've ever made."
"very good machine, thread , cut itself...love it for the price. and so many stitches!
the embroidery part is amazing but stay for personal use: a bit too small area .."
"today it's the first time i used it for embroidery, but it doesn't work. it said a malfunction occurred. what the heck! and the authorized service centers is very far from me!!!i just want to cry!! when i bought it because of the embroidery, i don't know the machine would have this problem. and now my machine is out of warranty."
good
Have not used the machine a lot since I purchased it. I I am struggling with keeping the spool of thread on the spindle. Keeps coming off.  But so far I do like it. Love the finger touch speed control.
Haven't used the embroidery feature yet.  Buttonholes and some other stitches are great and is easy to use.  CD is helpful.
"Although I haven't had the chance to do much with it yet I tried out all the things my other two machines don't do.  This is my first ever computerized machine so I am treading lightly, so to speak, until I feel more comfortable.  I have the feeling that once I get used to it that it will be my 'go to' machine out of the three I now own."
"Love this sewing machine, I'm so glad I bought it."
"Fast delivery, great price, excellent quality. I had my Athena 2000 for 30 years and bought this one kicking and screaming I could still repair the 2000 once again, but my husband insisted I come into the 21st century. This one is better! I Love it and can do so much more with it. It is really fun to use!"
I am having fun with this.  Keep in mind that you will have to buy embroidery files if you want anything modern looking and you will have to find and buy the software to run the embroidery files.  FYI I thought that the machine would start stitching in the middle of the hoop and center the design for you and that is not the case you have to mark the center of your fabric and then line up the needle.
"Great beginner machine, but it's pretty limited"
"Very difficult to set up!!! Directions are NOT straight forward, this is not a first timers machine."
"I never embroidered anything before buying this machine. I am not a crafty person. I love this machine. I had some trouble at first, but I know it was just me learning how to use it. I think an experienced person would need a bigger machine, but for me, it's perfect. I do small things for my daughter and I make work shirts for my company."
Love my machine! I've had it for a year now and j still love it. I'm glad I updated from older machine. The automatic thread cutter is amazing!
"Lots of bells and whistles.  I would not buy the Project runway, because this is the same thing with out the rolling luggage piece."
"Love it, love it."
"I have bought two of these machines and both are working great.  We absolutely love them as the possibilities are endless!  Though we are limited to a 4 x 4 pattern size, there are so many things that you can use it for.  Definitely more to learn in the land of embroidering and applique, but having so much fun in the process!  :D"
Great machine
"Sending mine back. It won't even sew the built-in designs, the patterns are all off, nothing looks like it is supposed to look. We tried everything it says and it still doesn't work right."
"Really surprised by how much I like this machine. Got it about a year ago as a supplement to my straight line workhorse Juki just to have the embroidery and fancy stitches if I needed them and wound up using it a lot more then that. It's a good (not amazing) straight stitch, the fancy stitches are easy to access, the embroidery looks great. Really good if you are looking for an entry level embroidery/sewing machine and excellent as a backup if you have a really heavy duty machine."
First time sewer and it is very easy to do and learn on this machine!!!!
Love it
"Bought this for my mom for Christmas 2 years ago and she uses the heck out of this thing. The computerized part works great and its a great machine for intermediate sewers and beginner embroiderers. We've had real fun using this machine over the last two years and it's still working great, I would say it gets used semi often and not run into any issues yet. The reason I gave 4 stars is like many others she does wish had the ability for larger hoops for the embroidering area. overall however this is a great machine and does exactly what it's suppose to and without fault so far. I would definitely recommend this, especially for first time Brother users as we were this machine has impressed us a ton."
I had been wanting one of these and had shopped and shopped for a good price!  And this was the best.  Also an awesome little machine. Embroiders and does straight stitch sewing as well.  I am so glad I found it!
"It's a great starter machine.  I wish it would do 5x7 hoops too.  I purchased a larger hoop to use software to split designs.  But it is still under 4"" wide.  I have enjoyed learning embroidery with this machine."
I am in love with this! Price you can't find in any store!
"I love this machine. Easy to learn. Embroidery is beautiful, perfect every time. And what a bargain."
"I bought this because my heavy duty antique white sewing machine broke. I had done alot of research prior to my purchase, and i had my eye on this one when it went on sale. It was meant to be. I bought this with a starter set of embroidery thread and interfacing. I have sewn and embroidered on this and it is wonderful.  All the automatic features of this are amazing. It might be because my only other sewing experience was on the antique machine. I have used the button hole foot on thr largest setting to make slits for a seat belts  backseat protector in the car. Worked beautifully. I also embroidered cloth diapers, and while the diapers were difficult to hoop, the embroidery came out great. One mistake I made was trying to do a monogram of different sized letters (small large small), the machine does all the letters the same size. This machine is not for the avid/professional embroiderer. It has several limitations which can be fixed with purchasing embroidery software, but for the beginner and occasional embroidery, this is perfect. Brother has a free pattern each month and more available to purchase.
 Pros:
Auto threader
Auto bobbin winder
Auto thread cutter
Lots if customization for a riches wudth, length
Auto button hole

Cons:
Limited embroidery for custom designs

Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase."
Love it. Best investment ever
"wonderful, great buy for two different needs!  Very efficient workings.  Easy to use"
"I love my sewing/embroidery machine. Its easy to learn and has computerized sewing. The embroidery machine is awesome. I can't say enough how wonderful and I truly enjoy sewing and embroidering. The machine comes with a how to do CD and explains how to work it.
I highly recommend this machine to those who want to learn how to sew. The item was delivered on time. It was described as listed. Great item to invest in."
The product itself is fine but there are a few items missing.
This is a very fun machine. I can't seem to stop sewing and doing embroidery. It is made well and easy to learn how to use with the book and CD.
Love Love Love my new seeing machine.  So beautiful and suits my sewing beautifully. ..awesome!  Worth every cent. ...
great
Terrible! Machine has awful preloaded designs and extreme tension issues. Bobbin leaves birds nest under fabric even after tension is adjusted. Amazon thankfully returned and replaced with a better quality machine. I do not recommend.
easy to use -does beautiful work - even when I messed up the customer service repo was kind and helpful
wife seems to like it.  Happy wife well you know the rest.  enough said
"I love this thing!  I hadn't touched a sewing machine since 7th grade home ec and had never even thought of embroidery.  This machine allows me to do so much more than I ever thought I would be able to do.  I will say that now I wish I had gotten a bigger machine.  I just didn't want to put too much money into a hobby knowing nothing about embroidery.  One thing that makes this so easy is the software that I purchased after the machine.  (I didn't realize that I'd even need software.)  It's not a necessity, but boy does it make it simple."
Love it
"Love it!  The embroidery unit is like a external hard drive, the usb plug in to my iMac then I paste  the .pes file in the hard drive.  It transfer instantly, once you copy in to the machine memory, you can resize and move around. Only problem is this can't read bigger then 4""x4"" size file, I have find a lot of free .pes file in the web, but a lot is bigger then  4""x4"".  But for the price you paid, this is a good deal."
keeps jamming up.
"Sort of disappointed.  It comes preprogrammed with letters for embroidery, but not a monogram application.  Better plan to spend at least another $100 for that.  The preprogrammed embroidery designs are outdated. You can order designs, of course, for a price.  The letters are small and the embroidery area inside the hoop is disappointing.  I'd recommend getting the model with the larger embroidery area, but it may be just as disappointing.  There are next to NO appliqu instructions and no preprogrammed designs.  Once again, you can order these but they are not cheap.  I haven't yet because, honestly I'm afraid that they will not work."
Love it
"Above my expectations, this is a well put together machine, very easy to use.

Highly recommended."
Are wonderful as they appear in the picture
"Exactly as advertised. Great intro to embroidery for someone that sews almost weekly as a hobby. Price is wonderful. Only negative is the small hoop, monograms well but too small for names. Read a few Blog posts found on Pinterest for advice on purchasing a machine and would recommend that to other buyers just to feel more comfortable/confident with your purchase."
"This machine is Awesome, it sews and embroideries. Easy to use.
It doesn't come with a carrying , but Brother makes a nice universal white case, reasonable priced.
The price was very reasonable."
"I have had this 4 months and something has already broken inside, need to take it in to be fixed."
All I can say is awesome.
good and fine
"Love, love, LOVE this machine!!  So user friendly!  Sewing and embroidery is a breeze with this machine!  I just wish it accepted bigger than 4x4 files without having to get other software/hoops."
Love this machine!!!!!!
"This is the second one I buy, 3 years ago, I bought another one, and wore it out. I was well worth the money."
"This is my first embroidery machine, so I didn't want to invest a lot of money in it.  I would like to be able to do a project that's greater than 4"" in size.  I also wanted this to replace my old sewing machine and I love it for that!  It was a good value and I'm glad I didn't get the package that included all the threads, etc."
exelente
So far my new Brother SE400 machine is great.  I am very happy with it.
Brother SE-400 combination embroidery/monogram machine if I had to purchase another one of these I would with pleasure from Amazon.com. This machine & it's components arrived in excellent condition with not a scratch on anything! I love my new machine thank you so much!
Bought as gift for wife. She loves it
This machine is really a good buy!  Lots of extra feet--including one for gimping--are included.  All of the necessary materials for beginning embroidery on included.  I am very pleased with this purchase.
"I love this machine, now that is working. The only thing is that when I got it, every time I turned it on nothing worked and the machine just made a grinding noise. Getting a new toy that doesn't work is always a bit upsetting. When I informed amazon they wanted me to wait about a month for the exchange process. I was so upset, I had all this fabric with projects in mind and no machine (my old one recently died, it was very old). So, I decided to take that machine apart, and the belt wasn't in the right place. That fixed it up! I would recommend this machine to anyone. It has some really cool features! I just might not recommend  buying it from amazon."
Needed help setting up and still do not have embroidery portion working.  The machine is good and I have taken it to classes.  Light and easily transported.
this is sweet.  purchased for 90 year young mother.  a bit complicated for here but i like it.
Love it and more
Bit complicated to use for older people
I'm so happy! !
"I love it! I've sewn most of my life but never done embroidery, it took a little getting used to buy I love it was worth every penny and more!"
"I have an old Brother machine that I bought in the early 90's that has been a little work horse and I'm hoping this will work as long. The sewing is wonderful and very quiet, just as my older one is. The instructions are very clear and makes using a breeze. The embroidery function is amazing and the images it produces are beautiful. I used not only embroidery thread, but also regular sewing thread purchased at WalMart and both work well. I am very happy with my purchase."
great for the price made a great with for my mom
LOVE IT!!!!!
"Awesome beginner machine!  Embroidery takes a lot of practice and research.  I have a long way to go.  Initially, I got frustrated with a few features; more specifically, the small embroidery area.  I just couldn't justify spending an additional $150 for the next-best machine, based solely on the embroidery field.  It is obvious that this is a beginner's machine; and I am obviously a beginner... so it's PERFECT!"
Wife loves - thanks!
"This is my second BrotherSE400.  The first one is still working fine and it gets used all the time.  When I saw the price drop below what my local thief (oops I mean service tech) charges for an annual cleaning, I just could not pass it up.  I love doing embroidery on it and recommend it without hesitation.  The hoop is only 4 X 4 so if that is a problem for you, it may not be the machine for you.  But I intend on using it a lot in the coming years.  I assume by the dropping price that they are phasing this model out.  Grab one (or two) while you still can."
"I really like this machine.  It does a wonderful job with embroidery and the sewing is so fluid it's become a lot of fun again!  The machine I got was missing a pad but other than driving my OCD nuts, it's not really missed.  There are a lot of very nice features like the automated threader and thread trimmer and the machine itself is very user friendly.

Three months later, I am still enamored with this machine!  My last Brother machine lasted me 15 years and I was devastated when it finally died but I am even happier with the SE400.  I am now sewing gowns, making lace, and adding trim to my gowns.  All of my ""projects"" are being completed in half the time and I couldn't be happier with the features.  I'm very happy I upgraded.  Even my teenage brother wants to help me sew so he can use this machine."
"JUST WOW!  I received this machine today after careful consideration and detailed product specs on a few machines, combo machines, and higher-end embroidery only machines for my small business.  I already own the Brother PRW9500 and made no mistakes in choosing that machine for my usage.  I am in awe.  Out of the box,...reviewed literature...watched entire DVD...began testing utility and other stitches....made a sample garment,  learned how to convert to embroidery.. and completed my first downloaded design  after very easily connecting via usb and saving to the machine!(I downloaded 105 free small designs from Brother website and saved them for today onto my Surface hard drive out of excitement). TRULY A LOT OF BANG FOR THE BUCK.  Highly recommend this for beginners and professional light-use embroidery work.  Does a beautiful job with Coats embroidery threads ( which can be purchased in limited colors at your local WalMart!)  I opted for those because my large order of thread is 2 days out from delivery.  Only thing left to do is trim it up.  This machine and the instructions, dvd etc. are so easy it blew my mind.  Do not be intimidated.  Go Ahead, trust Brother!"
"I really love this machine.  I had no previous experience with an embroidery machine, so I went through the manual page by page, learning as I went and before I knew it, I was putting embroidered motifs on any piece of material I could find.  I must tell you I really love the needle threading attachment.  I am now in my 80's but have sewn since my legs were long enough to us the old treadle machine my Grandma had.  I use  a computer but rate myself at kindergarten level."
"Haven't tried it out yet, but it looks spectacular!  I just know I'll love it."
Don't waste your time and money with this sawing machine combination . Not worth it. Get simple sawing machine if you want sawing. If u want a toy to play. Go ahead get this brother combination.  :)
"I love this little machine! This is my 2nd one I've purchased. The 1st was 6 years ago. I Only used it for quilting at church.
I had a difficult time remembering to move the stitch over to #3 to use it with my 1/4"" foot, as a result I bent the needle bar. Not bad enough to piece things together but I definitely wouldn't try to embroider. So I have another and won't make the same mistake. I'm going to do some embroidery 1st."
"Great sewing machine. Does all types of sewing, and embroidery. LOVE."
Really like this machine so many things to do with it
really enjoying this.  I am a beginner sewer and this is really easy to use.  bought it to embroider monograms! Love it!
"Absolutely LOVE this machine. I am very much a beginner in sewing and I have never used an embroidery machine, it was very easy to figure out.
I did however have a little bit of trouble change the foot peddles but I finally was able to get it changed and was able to try the embroidery part of the machine. I am sure that for someone with more experience would have no trouble at all."
"very good!!!
Why didn't you include extension table???
This item was arrived very well.
however extension table not view in the box.
Why not?
Brother se400 is very excellent  .
Thankyou."
Awesome as expected!
"Update: it's SO easy to use!! I love it!! Can't wait to try more things!!

Still getting it set up, but so far it's great.  I haven't sewn since middle school, but I can't wait to try again!  Lots of directions and a disk that helps.  Also Brother gives their website and phone number so they help with everything!"
"New to sewing & the reviews on this machine lead me to purchase it. I have set it up, threaded needle, bobbin  (not on 1st try ), and sewn a straight line. I am happy so far. Scared to operate the embroidery attachments just yet, but I'll get there in time."
it is nice light weight machine that does most of what you want.
Great Machine easy to use!
"I have been searching for a new sewing machine for years. I knew I wanted a embroidery combo machine so I could make some nice items for my family and friends. My last sewing machine was all mechanical and I can tell you that no using a foot paddle is strange (it does come with one but you don't have to use it), I like it but strange. So far I am learning how to use the different feet. The button hole foot is different and I have never used anything like it before. The embroidery part of the machine works very nicely. I have had some issues with breaking thread but I am sure that it is user error and I have been getting better about not having that happen. This machine does take a different size bobbin and I did by a package of extra bobbins that stated they could be used with this machine and they could not. I do like this new machine."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine!  it came so quickly, works like a dream - surpassed my expectations, especially when it was so reasonably priced!"
I love this machine.  I had a $4500 Janome that crapped out so purchased this because I didn't want to spend that much again. This one stitches as tightly as the Janome did and is so close to the same function. This is a solid machine with a lot of features. Designs can also be downloaded and used. Great buy!
"This is a wonderful quality machine with so many wonderful options for such a wonderful price. Did I mention it is wonderful? Ha-ha! I did lots and lots of research and decided to go with this Brother combo machine. It is fantastic. It sews like a dream. I use it for quilting and it works great. I am still learning about the Embroidering part, but the few things I've done have turned out well. All errors are because of my lack of knowledge and not because of the machine. I would wholeheartedly recommend this for quilting, sewing and embroidery enthusiasts that are on looking for a quality combo machine without spending a fortune. I was going to say this is for people on a budget, but I wouldn't consider this as a budget machine. I feel like it goes above and beyond that. Feel free to ask me questions if you need to"
AWESOME
"This has been an amazing purchase. I got it before Christmas so I could make gifts. And it's so much fun to use. I have found it very easy to use despite the fact I have not ever been serious about sewing. I have used it a little bit as a sewing machine and it wasn't that hard to switch back and forth. I've been able to find lots of fun designs and embroider them on towels, burp cloths, hats and clothes. I'm looking forward to my next project this weekend!"
"Great product, definitely meet my expectations!"
was here on time! cant wait to use it!
I have made 2 dresses for my darling girls and not one complaint from me. So glad I invested in this product.
Good Deal
"I bought this machine in September 2014.
 February 2015 the machine already spoiled.
 The machine cut thread automatically, now no more cuts.
It malfunctioned under 5 months of use."
"I love this product. It does what it says it will do and more. I am able to use other software and make my own embroidery patterns to use on the machine. It comes with everything stated. Brother is a great company to buy from. I have a lot of their products from printers to sewing machines.
Amazon was great with customer service when the shipper didn't come through with the order when expected! Thanks Amazon!

Update: I have had it 2 years now! Can you believe it? I bought his February 2015 and still love it. I have embroidered, quilted, and sewn on it. I haven't had a problem at all with the exception of human error. The thread cutter has worn out. I even made a custom desk for my machine. I have sewn many projects on this machine and can say without a doubt that this machine is great!"
"The machine is easy to use and has great directions.  It is not heavy so easy for me to lift.  It sews like a charm and the little bit I have used the embroidery part of it I like it.  I do wish it came with a bigger hoop for embroidery.  The embroidery, once it is set up, is so easy.  As far as a sewing machine, I made matching dresses for my granddaughters and it is so smooth and easy to use.  I have tried out numerous different stitches and am amazed as I had a 40 year old machine that didn't have any bells or whistles."
I bough t this for my girlfriend and she loves it. She had another new Brothers machine but this one is nicer. Along with her surger she can do all the things she wants.
I love it it's just what I needed.
"Excellent Sewing/Embroidery Machine! good price, I highly recommend it for fabulous results!"
Love this machine!!! Everythign about it is fantastic.  Very happy!!!
Very pleased.
"product does poor job at embroidery and will not upload any designs from my laptop very unhappy with this , just wish I would have returned it
before it was too late now i'm out 300.00, don't waste your money on this machine you can't get any support from brothers for it either"
"I have a high end machine that I paid more for than my car. :(  I have been sewing for over 50 years and have had numerous machines.  I have had an embroidery machine sine the late 80's.  In the summer we have a vacation condo and I wanted a small, light machine and decided that I also wanted to do some small embroidery.  This machine is AWESOME.  It stiches beautifully and has worked great.  The hoop size is limiting but most of my embroidery fits within the 4X4 area.  You can use a larger hoop but the machine will only sew within the 4X4 area, so the machine will send you an error message if you try to sew a larger design.  You can make a design  smaller but you cannot go too small or the stiches pile up on one another.  This is a great machine for the price and I love it for it's portability. I would recommend this for a beginner or someone who wants to add to their sewing ""garage""."
I haven't used the  machine much at this point except for learning how to thread the needle and bobbin and practicing a bit on some material but it's amazing.  I haven't had a sewing machine in quite a while and they sure have changed!  I think I'm going to love this wonderful sewing machine and can't wait until I can try my hand at the embroidery part of it.
"Like anything else, you must work with this machine to familiarize yourself with it's operation and features. Otherwise, it's a great machine. Works as described, lightweight and good quality."
Very happy with the product
Great machine but needs the larger hoop to better do larger patterns. Love it!
Very nice quality.
love it
"Beautiful machine, easy, quick - wouldn't change a thing"
"An excellent product , good price, fast shipping!!!!!!!!"
"Have paid to have this machine repaired twice.  There's something with the way the bobbin is set up - after some use it moves and requires maintenance every time it happens.  VERY unhappy with my purchase.  This machine is ""jack-of-all-trades and master of none"".  If you need a heavy duty simple machine for lots of use - then get one that's meant for that.  If you're looking to embroider - then spend the money on a machine meant just for that.  As of now - this machine is collecting dust - because it's not worth me spending money a THIRD time to get the bobbin fixed.  I've searched blogs about working with Brother to get it returned or repaired and having read others' experiences, it doesn't seem worth my time or frustration because they are usually unwilling to help. Very disappointed."
Exceeds expectations.
This is my second brother machine. Best by for the money.
"After reading many of the reviews here and elsewhere, I decided to purchase the SE400. I finally made a few things with it and I am very pleased with the results. It pretty much does all the work for you, so it's fun to watch it do what it does! I doubt I'll ever upgrade to a bigger or more expensive machine, so I'm looking forward to a long relationship with this one. The only negative comment I have to make is not in regard to the machine itself, but with the hoop that came with it. After only one use, the mechanism used to tighten the hoop is stripped, so it will no longer work. Due to the inclimate weather, I haven't been able to get in touch with customer service at Brother to get it taken care of (I did hear from them via email telling me to call). Fortunately, I had already ordered a set of 3 hoops, so I'm not stuck - it's just frustrating. If you're looking for a embroidery machine and sewing machine combo, and you're not planning on doing large designs, this reasonably priced model is not a bad way to go."
"I love this machine! Many features for an affordable embroidery machine, which sews, too.  Highly recommend but take the time to watch the enclosed videos on the CD (multiple times), read the book (ditto) & be patient when setting up/operating the machine. Purchase high quality embroidery thread, bobbin thread and change your needles often, too.  You'll be rewarded with hours of fun!"
"Total piece of crap. It sews like a dream so long as you can keep it threaded. Hardest machine ever to keep threaded and the self-threading stopped working for me on the first week of use. Also, the handle and the spool pin are a total pain. My spool pin broke in half by the handle when someone moved it. Sure, wasn't technically the machines fault, but the handle is poorly designed. It's floppy and always falling over on the thread. I can't even replace the stupid thing without taking the whole machine apart! I have it duct taped! If you can ignore all that crap then the sewing is great, but for the price it shouldn't be so cheaply made!"
"Fell in love with this machine. So easy to work, yet it can do so much. Love love love. So happy with my decision to purchase."
"This is a great buy. I learnt basic sewing from my mom when I was a kid. I bought this machine as a hobby and I have been enjoying it for the last 4 months. Started with basic sewing and went on to embroidery. It is easy to thread , sew and the best part is the embroidery (ofcourse since this is an embroidery machine!) . I evaluated several machines before I bought this one. I wanted unlimited designs for my imagination to go wild so USB connectivity was an important criteria. It comes with a few free designs and a piece of fabric stabilizer that get you started right out of the box. You can download more free patterns of the web or buy them. I was spending a lot of time finding free patterns so I purchased a .pes design CD (they contain 1000s of designs for less than 10 bucks). Comparable Vikings,Singer ,Janome were over 500$. I was not sure how long the machine would keep me fascinated since it was more for hobby so I settled for this lower priced machine. I have stitched dresses, pillow covers, embroidered towels, free standing lace and more.
What would I buy if I have to again? Well this has a max embroidery area of 4x4 inches, I would buy another that has a larger area say 8x11 to do bigger designs but thats just me. I think this machine has been a good buy."
"A really great machine for a young person, beginner, or for a second machine to take along to classes or when traveling.  It has a lot of features and is easy to use - plus it comes with a DVD of information to help."
"I have never enjoyed a simple sewing machine more. I have downloaded software and started to digitize and make my own embroidery patterns. The machine will NOT let you make a mistake on loading the thread, bobbin or bobbin winder. The machine has a needle threader built in so I don't have to look so hard to find that tiny hole that gets smaller every year. LOL I would buy this machine again in a heartbeat. All of that said I went to my local franchise owned Brother dealer to get lessons on how to fully use this machine since it is much more than just a straight stitch machine. I was told they would only give lessons if the machine had been purchased in their store. They also declined to price match. IJS. The nearest store to me other than this is 96 miles and completely out of range for a couple of classes."
I ordered the sewing machine and it would not work (had a orange error light). I got it to work but returned it because I didn't want to worrie about it breaking down again. The bobbin had issues winding and I'm not sure why. I may try to find a similar machine eventually.
"I've been very happy with this machine as an entry-level embroidery machine. I sew a lot and will still keep my older (non-embroidery) machine for heavy-duty projects, but I've been able to do everything on this machine, too. It's pretty simple to switch from embroidery mode to regular sewing.  I managed to do a full-size quilt, but it was difficult to fit the rolled up quilt under the arm of the machine; this is a smaller space than my older machine. But this more compact machine is also significantly lighter. Trade-off.  It's very easy to thread. I like the variety of stitches. I wish it had an alphabet stitch for simple labels."
"I've just received this machine and my needle threader started not working properly already..
The needle threader top part that turns won't return back to its position and would make a grinding noise when needle goes up.
I see a little spring-like metal piece sticking out which looks like the cause.. but regardless, I can't believe how quickly the part stopped working.
I've just tried to replace my machine with new one through Amazon, but it seems like the new machine will arrive in earliest April 6th or May 28th!!! SUCH a LONG wait especially when I'm in the middle of completing this project."
love!
"Bought this after buying a Singer Futura XL400 that absolutely refused to work. The Brother machine was a third of the price of the Singer, and worked right out of the box. Embroidery function is so much easier to use, and actually it makes a color pass without any kind of thread malfunction, misthread, tension alarm, or any of the other many ""features"" of the Singer.

Bottom line - if you're in the market for a home embroidery machine and are considering the Singer Futura XL400, don't waste your time and money... get this Brother SE400, it'll do what it's advertising, and do it without driving you insane."
"Purchased after reading great reviews on Amazon.  Easy to set up and use.  Embroidered a design as soon as I got it out of the box.  Only sad thing, the price was reduced not long after my purchase.  Once I get more skilled in embroidery, I plan to move up to a bigger machine with bigger hoops.  I like the small size and it fits well on by craft room table."
I haven't had time to really play yet but I have enjoyed what it has done so far
"Received the Brother SE425 for Christmas from my husband... an unexpected pleasure!  I have read that the 400 and 425 are exactly the same except for more stitches included on the 425.  I love this machine!  I have had no problems learning the ins and outs and I learn more every time I use it. Just recently ordered the large hoop and I'm excited about using it.  The 4x4 is a good size for me, since my grandchildren are small, but I look forward to not having to re-hoop."
Worked for about 4 months and then internal parts broke simply because they're made of cheap plastic. Worst investment ever!
Easy to use and works great with my pc.
"I love love love my machine!!!!! I'm sewing projects I never dreamed I would.  I'm learning to quilt, I've made travel bags, I've embroidered!! This machine is perfect for me!!!"
Its a great machine. Just make sure you follow the directions for set up.
"Love this machine
It does all the work for me
I suggest beginners to use this se-400 brother machine
Any help :) omeralik@yahoo.com"
My husband purchased this for me for my birthday gift. This machine is very user friendly. It sews a beautiful stitch. I would highly recommend this purchase.
"i LOVE my machine, the only thing i would hcange is a larger embroidering area, but usually sufficient for the small projects i do for baby shower gifts"
"I am very pleased with this machine! I got it as a Christmas present from my husband. Was scared at first with all the reviews. Thought it would be hard to use with all of the features it has, however after watching the DVD that comes with the machine, I have found this to be a sewers delight! I love the way it handles denim fabric as I like to sew many denim quilts. It glides with ease! Jumps over the thick seams fairly well! I love that the speed can be adjusted and is close to reach in fact everything is very close to get to. AND no tired feet! Put the button and it sews. I decided to go with the brother brand as I have another brother machine that's still going strong after 10 plus years and abuse from sewing king sized denim quilts and variety of other things! It's a brand I've grown to trust! May be cheaper but quality is great!"
"Love love love it.  Only regret, I had it shipped standard and had to wait several days to get it.  Totally impressed with the auto threader, thread cutter, auto lock stitch, and the ease of operation."
Brother se 400 is a quiet machine that is easy to use. The embroidery part works quite well however the sewing side the needle threaded doesn't work all the time and you can't sew through sequence tops very well but other than that it works well.
I have had a great time exploring the features of this machine. It has been easy and pleasant to use.
So far I am very very pleased this is my first machine so I have no real frame of reference but the embroidery looks and feels like quality it's amazing for the price I thought of getting so many different ones cause I thought a machine this cheap has to be a sacrifice  in quality right other machines are starting at 500 but you seriously do need to waist your money! This is able to do mostly everything you just need to get the right software and accessories that's a take some time but in the mean time you still have a really cool machine to have fun with !
Love this machine so far. I thought it would be complicated but its easy
I really love this sewing machine. Is my first so for me is great. I love all the things you can do with it.  Is a very easy to use not a complicated machine. I will recommend this machine.
"For a less expensive computerized embroidery machine it works wonderful! I love using along with the program I bought to create my own stuff for it. It really helps being able to make and add embroidery eyes and other markings to a custom plush for customers, I have an online craft shop I use this for.
It was easy to set up and get running for a beginner! My only complaint is that there isn't a space function when using the fonts so you have to do words on different runs if you want a space, good luck getting the size to match that way, other then that I love the fonts it came with.

I enjoy the ease of using this machine for embroidery work, I don't use it for anything else at the time being because I like my regular sewing machine for that."
great !
I really like this machine. It is not as heavy duty as some of my old Macy Herald's or White's..but it is a worker. It sews nicely and the embroidery is pretty easy (considering this is my first embroidery machine).
"I'm a sewer. I had my old machine for 40+ years. When it came time to tune it up, it was cheaper to buy a new one. (Not this one.) But I wanted the embroidery part as well as a sewing machine. This machine will spoil you! It truly threads the needle. None of that ""just hold the thread in one hand and push this leaver with the other and it should thread it"". It does! (I check many other machines and they do not really do this.) Sure, I can still see to do it, but darn, I'm spoiled! It's so fast and saves time. Also, cuts the thread when your done. Yeah, yeah, I own scissors, I can cut my own thread. Okay, spoiled there too! Who knew that would be enjoyed so much? The ""sew"" button lights up red, when you can't sew, green when you can (Yellow when you forgot something). It's making it harder and harder to teach my grand kids to sew on a standard machine. Also, I was old school. No foot petal? What? Yeah, very nice! Now when I use my serger, it seems odd. Then there's the warning ""you're almost out of bobbin thread"". It warns you and stops. You can start again for a few stitches and it'll stop again. Repeat. Lift up your fabric to see how much is really left.  Maybe you can finish your seem. I was sort of bothered by having to do that. Then I was using an old machine, ran out of bobbin thread, didn't know, kept sewing, only to find out at the end of my run. So yeah, another spoil! Well, I don't like saying this, but this old girl deserves to be spoiled!
 It's a computer, so it'll tell you what's what (on the screen). Like, ""lower your pressure foot"". Or when I didn't raise the marker for the button length, when I was done with the button. So it's nice to know, instead of saying to yourself, why isn't it working? Or having to problem solve.

I have embroidered, but not a ton. It does a very nice job of it. It's easy enough to do. It's fun to add another layer to your items with embroidery. Changing the thread for every color is the time consuming part. I don't have it all down, when it comes to where to put my area I want embroidered. I can be ""off"", so I've embroidered first and cut my piece out after. I just haven't spend that much time on it. But what embroidering I did do, I realized that I want to be sewing while the machine is embroidering (instead of just sitting there). So I bought a second SE400. That is how much I enjoy sewing on this machine. I wanted to spend less for my second sewing machine, but when it came down to all of the spoiling features, this was what I wanted to use all of the time. It really is a wonderful machine. I've never had any issues with it sewing ""off"" or pulling to one side. It's a dream to use. (If I could, I'd buy this machine for each of my grand children.) I highly recommend this Brother SE400 for a sewing machine and it's a bonus that it can embroider! I do not have one thing I'd change about the SE400. The embroidery area is 4"", so that limits your larger patterns, But you pay for the larger size. I can't afford that. This offers so much at a very good price. Even has a great warranty. If I could give it 10 stars, I would!"
"Great starter machine.  but only 4X4 and if you don't have software to modify designs, not all designs will fit in the hoop."
Bought this machine for embroidery only but the sewing portion is better than my more expensive sewing only machine. Want to purchase a second machine to have one for embroidery and one for sewing. Maybe someday soon! Recommend highly!
"I bought this sewing machine for my wife for Christmas.  She wanted to learn how, she signed up for some sewing lessons that did not occur until February.  When she started working with it,  her instructor pointed out that it was damaged.  We went to print out the info for returning and we have apparently eclipsed the dates allowed.  It may be a great machine but, ours was broken out of the box.  Additionally I feel Amazon should stand behind the product.  We will now have to go and find someone locally to repair it.  We should have purchased a warranty or found supplier locally who would stand behind the product.  ""Stupid Tax"" on me.  Not happy."
"Admittedly as a novice, my opinion is based on the basic sewing knowledge learnt at school many moons ago. It is so easy to use, set up, thread etc. If I can use it anybody can. Runs smoothly and quietly. Love the ability to use the button to sew instead of having to use the foot pedal. Am yet to take the challenge to use embroidery function...as I have only just mastered inserting an invisible zipper...Wish it did come with a container to store the feet, ripper etc instead of the vinyl pouch. Also purchased a universal hard cover for the sewing machine whilst not in use and stored away."
Love how it stitches and exactly what I wanted
"Very difficult machine to use. Mine is a dust collector, I hardly ever use it."
"Wonderful machine.  I bought walking foot for quilting and it works very well.
I love the embroidery."
Fantastic sewing machine!!
"Love this machine, just wish the hoop was bigger"
Very nice.
thanks
Ok. Not what we thought
"This is a great little machine for the price.  I have had it several years and it still works wonderfully.  I use it almost everyday for embroidery on items that I sell.  It is very easy to use.  I also purchased a software called Amazing designs to use with the machine, the software gives me additional fonts and the ability to write several lines of letters and to be able to edit it more exactly. Amazing designs is around $99 and is great for embroidery patterns too.  You can purchase many great designs inexpensively on Etsy, download them to your computer, then open them with amazing designs, get them the right size or edit them then transfer to your sewing machine.  It is very easy to transfer designs to the machine from your computer.
The machine has a lot of extras that most inexpensive machines don't have, like the automatic thread cutter (a must have), bobbin low alert, and easy to use automatic needle threading.  It sews very well, great for piecing quilts.  I think this is an excellent machine.  If you have never sewn before,  this is the machine for you.  Very easy to learn on."
"Great machine for a first time embroiderer.  It is very simple to use, but the designs come out great.  I have only used for the embroidery functions, not for sewing, but so far it's been wonderful."
"Needles seem to break easily, but other than that, this is a nice machine."
I do not like this you an buy bigger hoops but it only goes for 4x4.. Wished I would have read more into this machine before I bought it. If you get one make sure it holds a larger hoop for bigger designs
Absolutely love it. Works great and so easy
"What an awesome machine! Easy to work with, and there are lots of free tutorials on youtube. I only wish I could have afforded one that created embroidery designs larger than 4x4"
"I am using it to add decor to some quilts. It is doing well so far, by using some of my own cards from previous model."
Excellent. It was what I expected! I love it!
Love love love it .
"I have owned this machine for 4 years now.  I absolutely love it!  I have had no problems with it.  Every part has worked like a charm.  This machine offers many stitch options and various functions but remains easy to operate.  I have even taught some friends how to sew using this machine.  I have used it mainly to make garments and home decor items.  It can be used to sew woven or knit fabrics.  The stretch stitch will be your best friend if you like to sew with knits.  I also love the overlocking stitch options.  Since I do not own a serger, this machine is the next best thing!  I do not embroider as much as I sew, but I appreciate having that option.  It is very simple to embroider small projects with this machine.  I have used it mainly to embroider towels and baby items for gifts.  I would recommend the Brother SE400 to anyone who sews as a hobby and wants a machine that is simple to use, yet provides many options to allow you to make creative, quality projects."
"I love this machine, just wish I had gotten a large one the 4x4 is just to small for what I wanted to do."
Just love this.  A fraction of the cost of the big name embroidery machines.
Very easy to use. Great machine for the money
"Love this machine. As of today, it works great!"
I have not try this machine yet but I'm sure it's a very good excellent machine. Look awesome!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine!!  Had to upgrade for my old sears Kenmore was getting to chunky to use and I am starting a sewing business!!  Had my eye on this for about 1/2 a year and the feedback reviews told me this was the machine plus the price was very reasonable!!!  When you get this. order up the 63 spools of embroidery thread as well!
I LOVE my machine! I am making quilts for all my grand children and that is a LOT of embroidering. This is a great starter machine into the world of machine embroidery. The fact that I can find TONS of patterns on line to download and sew is AWESOME!
"I don't know what to say about this machine but that I really do love this machine.  I am new at sewing and had brought a singer sewing machine which I could not handle.  I think it was a more advance machine and it would go really fast.  With this machine you can do a lot sewing, quilting, embroidery, craft its just great.  And on top of that it lets you choose what speed you want to sew at which was like a life saver.  I am sewing much better now with this machine."
The jury is still out on this one. It binds up ALOT. I like most of the features but its very particular and sometimes seems to bind up for no reason at all and that totally bums me out. I spend a lot of time with my head in the manual and the tiny screwdriver in my hand trying to fix it. I cant really say I hate it because when it works I love it but then it stops on me and I am infuriated because I have a lot going on and having to tear into it because of a jam it super annoying
"The title"" enthusiast"" on the machine is accurate, it isn't a ""professional"" machine.  Its fun and with a little study easy to use.  I viewed lots of videos on you-tube and read lots of books.  I was really frustrated at first because the designs weren't working instantaneously and I couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong.  Someone at a local shop gave me a hint and it was the cure.  I wasn't getting any top thread to show.  I was told it most likely was the bobbin thread.  She instructed me to hold down the bobbin while I threaded it through the chamber.  Worked like a charm and I've been successful since.  I'm already wishing I had purchased a higher quality machine with a bigger hoop, but am determined to wait before I upgrade.  I was/am a complete novice to sewing and embroidery so there is a steep learning curve.  I've realized practice, practice and more practice is the key.  I started with beach towels (so we don't loose any more at the lake) and it was the perfect starting ground.  Didn't matter much if I made too many mistakes.  Also used towels for the dogs because they don't care either.  I've gone to thrift stores and estate sales and picked up scraps of material to practice with, beats ruining a good shirt or blouse.  Most of all its fun.  When I started I had my ipad playing an instructional video as I was following along on the machine.  I've enjoyed the very basic you-tube videos of Burley Sew.  Have fun, embroidery is addictive."
"I love love love this sewing machine.  I wish I sewed more but for the price I paid, I love this machine.  I had an issue with something on it and called customer service, they were AWESOME!  I am very surprised at the durability of this machine and it will last me years and years and years.  It's definitely not my momma's machine!"
"I have long believed that I can not sew, but this machine is so user friendly that I am making all kinds of project plans.  The embroidery is explained in extremely simple steps and is so much fun.  Today I let my 3 year old son push the buttons to begin a small project, and he was mesmerized watching this machine go.  Not only is embroidery use a breeze, but the Brother SE400 has simplified sewing as well.  My mom is a phenomenal seamstress, and I was never able to master the coordination of running the foot pedal while guiding the fabric, much to her dismay.  With this machine, I am able to sew with the push of a button as opposed to with the optional foot pedal.  The speed is easily adjusted with a slide bar on the front of the machine, and sewing is stopped with the push of a button.  The needle threads itself, bobbins are a snap to wind (and to thread), the computerized choices are easy to understand and if there is a problem you are notified by the machine.  It is wonderful.  I feel like this is one of the best purchases I have ever made."
Great machine just need more time to play on it.
"this was a gift and for a starter maching this is as good as it gets and for the price just wonderful, thank you"
"Great gift for sawing enthusiast. Very easy to use for beginners
 and advanced users alike."
Great little machine and very easy to use. It is was a good purchase.
Simply love my BROTHER!!
"I don't hate Brother because they sell some pretty solid products. I was raised up around Brother products so I know the quality of their products. I upset with the company or person who sold this products as ""Like New"" Like New means still operational according to the manufacturers standards. The only difference is, because someone had it previous they can't really mark it as new. The needle threader didn't work, then needles were broken and accessories missing. NOT A HAPPY CAMPER!"
"I am so pleased with this purchase. This is my 4th Machine, and I love it. It's exactly as was promised about it. Love the features. Make my work easier. It's worth the price."
"I bought this machine to try embroidery, it is my first computerized machine. It sews through anything I put in it and I love how it embroiders. At first my thread kept breaking and getting all tangled up under the guide feet. I quickly realized that I was using the wrong stabilizer for my fabric, I was using tearaway when I should. Have been using cutaway. I also realized that it works much better if I put the spool of thread in a mug behind the machine. So after I figured out all I was doing wrong, it's a dream to work with. The thread holder works best with the thread that looks like its on a cardboard tube, standard rolls work best in a mug behind the machine. It's a fantastic buy!"
I love my little machine. It is a good machine for the price you pay. I have created so many projects and just purchased a bigger hoop. I love it!!!
"Looks slick, works slicker.  When the wife is happy, I'm happy.  This purchase was my best this year.  Fast and professional."
My first Brother SE400 broke within a week of my receiving it. Amazon customer support was very helpful and sent me out a replacement. The second machine started making the same noise (thankfully I knew what I was hearing) so I stopped what I was doing before it broke also. I am scared of the machine now but still use it!
This machine was exactly what I was looking for! Arrived quickly.
"I bought this machine for my 10 year old granddaughter for her birthday.  In no time she has mastered embroidery with it!  Excellent gift, we will have many hours of fun creating master pieces!"
She loves this Sewing Machine and all of it's features.  Good size for storage and also not too heavy!
I'm still learning my new machine. It really seams to work well most of the time. I'm having a lot of thread breaking when I'm using the embroidery machine. But I'm thinking it's probably the thread.
These are indestructible and gets used a lot.  This one was purchased as a gift because we have the same one and love it.  We use it constantly!
"easy to use!! but make sure you buy extra needles... comes with 3 but just in case, especially if you use thicker materials. make sure u read how to thread/refill the bobbins. and keep an eye and make sure its spinning into the bobbin and not the inside of the machine where u cannot get out. other then that if u are new to sewing, this machine is easy!"
"Good price, nice machine"
I love this sewing machine! It sews like a dream. Really impressed with the needle threader. Haven't had a chance to embroider yet but am looking forward to that.
"Ordered it for a present for my wife, it arrived on time and she is very happy with it."
Absolutely a great value for the money.
Beautiful machine. Great functionality. Best described as intermediate sewing and beginner embroidery.  The embroidery does produce great quality designs. Perfect for the home crafter :) I have had no issues with it and there is a plethora of YouTube videos out there for exactly this model.
"Came out of the box broken. I had to take it to get repaired and then was told by the repairman the most likely it was reconditioned. I can't find any were in the product description about the machine being a factory refurbished model. Starting to think I got screwed
over."
I have just received the machine a few weeks ago and beware. It will waste your time. The automatic thread cutter works but it doesn't leave enough thread to continue sewing. I have just spent thirty minutes in my full day trying to sew and have retread ed the machine over eight times. It waste thread. And I have not even tried the embroidery features. So if you sew pull enough thread that you can hold it with one hand until the bobbin thread catches it  or you will spend your precious time retread ing the machine. Don't use the thread cutter unless you are changing threads. I am disappointed. I have a janome that sews circles around this brother.
Great machine even for a beginner this machine is a great value
"Loved the machine, super easy to use and does great work but ended up returning it and getting a bigger machine. 4x4 is way too small."
I love this machine
I am so pleased with this sewing machine; just beginning to realize all it can do. It will keep me occupied for hours!
Great machine for the price. Perfect for beginners.
I bought a Brother SE 400 few weeks ago and so far I love it.
"love my machine, I have wanted one for some time but the prices are high, got this one for a great deal, when it arrived I got a hugh surprise, it was the newer updated model. Can't ask for anything more."
Love my sewing machine
"I am fairly new to sewing & embroidery, so my skill level is really basic.  This machine has made it so easy to get going on both simple and more detailed projects!  The LCD screen is easy to read, the instructions are clear, the steps are pretty simple, and the booklet really helps to take the 'dread' factor out of figuring out what stitch would work best where.  Sewing has never held a big draw for me, but the SE400 has made it not only interesting, but fun.

UPDATE 08/13/16:  We're now using both (yes, we added another) SE400's to sew dog harnesses and outfits.  These machines are holding up really well considering we use a lot of dense embroidery patterns on our products.  We love the USB cable feature that allows us to download any embroidery pattern we choose.  We've embroidered 100,000 stitches on one machine in a weekend with no problems.  That's not much for a commercial machine, but it's impressive for a beginner's model.  Both machines have gone in for their warranty service because of the heavy stitching we do and I know that's key to our having no issues.  They continue to perform amazingly well and we are very happy that we chose this model to start us out.  Some of the patterns we've done are included to give you an idea of the quality of the SE400's output and the density of some of the designs that we produce on them."
Not what I thought it was like I can't get Embroden memory card and you embroider with out using a member card or with out using the build in one on that machine have iron on pattern can you embroider these
"Good machine ,].  Good tutorial CD.  Just wish it can with design software.  Design software cost twice as much as the machine. /if you don't have that you have to download your designs for a price. And the design is never exactly the right size or just what you wanted.  It comes with only 5 fonts in memory. These 5 fonts are very similar. again you need digitizing software. to get the design you want."
So much simpler than my old machine and does so many more things.  Tried the embroidery and it looks so professional.  Sewing with it is a dream.  Very easy to use.  Love it!
"Sad update. After 2.5 years of light use my machine kicked the bucket. An issue that a higher quality machine would cost $50 to fix, this machine has to be thrown away. Yes it's fixable but it would cost about $300. These machines are not made to be repaired. I have learned a valuable lesson, do not buy a sewing machine from amazon/walmart/joanns their parts are not made to the same quality standards as the ones you buy from the sewing shop. These machines are made with low cost in mind not quality. I was confused by it at first as well but it's a sad fact. My five star is down to one because after 2.5 years my machine is in the garbage.

I cant say enough good things about this machine! I have found zero flaws with it. It has a few quirks but once you learn them you are good to go! The biggest quirk that could make it a very bad day is the bottom thread, if you don't load it just right your stitches will be very loose and it will make you cry. I did it once looked online for a fix and figured out the thread was not being ""clipped"" into its designated spot. All you have to do is double check where your thread is and you are made in the shade. Love it!"
I love it!!  It is everything I wanted and more
I could not be more pleased with this machine for my first experience with embroidering.  I use it all the time and am always looking for something else to monogram.  I LOVE IT!
Something is wrong with the needle threader.. I am not sure what to do.
"I love the machine - just wish I had more time to figure out all the cool options.  It was a fast, easy transaction and the machine is impressive."
"Beyond happy with this machine. It does whatever we ask of it and more. Terrified that it didn't work with Apple until we found blogs to get around it. I would recommend this to anyone interested in a machine for multiple projects. I use it to make iron on and Velcro patches, my wife uses it for everything under the sun. Great product."
"very nice,thanks."
"Very nice machine. I haven't figured out the embroidery part, I think that will require a class or two. I have only had it a couple of months but so far I am very pleased. Love the features of self threading, no pedal (if you choose) cuts thread with a push a button. Not wasting a lot of thread and good instruction book. This is a great machine for a beginner like myself or someone who wants the basics of a embroidery machine."
I love this machine. You can't go wrong with it!
"I've had some tension issues, but was able to fix it- I think. I'm no sewing expert so it's hard to say if it's just user error. Other than that, it's been great!"
Took a little while to get it set up but starting to enjoying it.
Has any one ever embroided on a garment  that I  is hand knitted? How did it work?
"works great, easy to use and learn with"
"Mixed Feelings on this one. The good news is its very easy to use. I have never embroidered before and after watching the enclosed CD I was up and running. Its lightweight so can be lugged around fairly easily. Attachments, threading and changing bobbin is simple.  Now my negatives and why Im sending it back. The actual field is less than 4 x 4 more like 3.9 x 3.9 which is almost nothing for a lot of designs out there. The hoop cannot tollerate thick fabric or webbing which is why I wanted a machine to begin with, so I could do dog collars. It isn't easy to hoop fabrics or it wasn't for me, took too much time. It seems a bit chintzy maybe because Im used to my 30 year old metal Bernina 910. The slightest movement snaps the thread and bingo time to rethread. It was a gift so I never got to research it. I wll try to find a machine that is geared toward thick fabrics and thick webbing. Suggestions are welcomed, im stumped."
This machiene is AMAZING for the price. I had a Bernina and an Singer which I was unable to keep :( I needed an inexpensive alternative. I ordered this unit and I have to say it out performs the priced ones! I am an experienced sewer and I find this machiene on par with the pricey-er models! It's amazing. Highly reccomend.
Great features for a great price. Will take time to learn all the features of this machine
good
"I love this machine,it is great."
had this for two years now and love it. the embroidery area is small and i struggle embroidering knit but i probably just need to add more stability
Nice machine but somewhat difficult to use.  My wife is still trying to figure out.  Thread on bottom gathers- has read book and called help line.  Some adjustments have helped but still an issue.
Each of my daughters has one of these machines. They both love them. I have used them as well. They work great. Sew well. I love the needle threading feature.
it works great....still learning the embroidry part.
Loved it so much I bought my daughter one.
"This machine is awesome, fun and easy to use for a beginner in embroidery. The sewing part of the machine was great- I had no problems with it. The only drawback to this machine was the embroidery area is small (4x4). I was under the impression a larger hoop (12x5) would fit this machine but the largest it will fit as of now is a 5x7. If this doesn't matter to you this would be a great machine."
"I am a beginner in the world of sewing and felt folks might want to hear from me. I've had my se400 for several years and use it exclusively for embroidering (had so much fun with it I bought a simple Brother sewing machine I use just for sewing). I love the machine but it does occasionally throw a loose stitch during a design run. It does occasionally have a total melt down, leaving a mass of thread on the underside of the fabric but it always seems to be user error (not keeping the bobbin race area clean,etc). I have found both it and it's regular sewing counterpart prefer authentic brother bobbins. I'd give it a 5 star rating but have no other embroidery machine experience to compare it to. I wish there were a magna hoop made for it out there since hooping is a major pain for any machine I'm told. There are plenty of designs out there for the 4x4 limitation in design size. Even if you purchase a larger hoop made for the se400, the machine will not stitch a larger design."
Great sewing machine for the price.
Love it!
"I am a beginner sewer (I have no idea how to sew), with that said this is a wonderful machine. I love that it can do multiple things. Quilt, embroidery & basic sewing. It it easy to use & I love that it comes with a instructional CD. Do not be overwhelmed or intimidated by this machine. Happy sewing. "
"I LOVE this machine.  Plenty of sewing snobs made me feel bad for buying a newer, computerized machine (included our local sewing shop) but I went with the purchase and have loved this machine.  I've been using it for about 3 hours/week for the past year and haven't had any problems.  Easy to use and the embroidery is a great, fun feature.  Lots of YouTube people to follow who have tutorials if you are just starting out.  Makes my old, all-metal Viking machine, seem like an outdated, clunky, frustrating machine.  I still use the all-metal Viking for tough projects, like sewing denim or snake skin.  But that's not because I'm afraid the Brother can't handle it - I just love my Brother too much to risk damaging it.  My blog shows many projects in action with this machine.  www.cho-blog.com"
"Haven't used much, but I've enjoyed what I've done so far."
"When I use the word ""toy,"" I am not being flip.  This machine is so much fun, and I get such a sense of satisfaction in using it, being seated at this machine is play and not work.

I wanted an embroidery/sewing machine for some time, and did a great deal of research. This is the best buy on the market.  With respect to sewing, it made a joy out of what used to be a chore. In the less than 2 months I have owned it, my ""alteration"" pile has gone from a mountain to a molehill.  With respect to embroidery, its flexibility is amazing.  No, it is not a commercial, heavyweight machine.  No, it cannot do enormous patterns. But unless you have a need for really large patterns that have to be embroidered in one fell swoop, think twice before investing more.  You'll be amazed what you can do with this little gem:  consider the thousands of embroidery patterns available online, and many websites offer free designs, and the thousands of colors and types of embroidery thread available, and you will realize that your opportunities are unlimited.  BTW, you can make lace with an embroidery machine.  You do not need to buy an embroidery/lace machine.

The BEST part of the Brother machine is the instruction manual.  I have never used a manual for any kind of electronic or machine product that is written and illustrated as clearly as this one.

In order to determine whether an embroidery machine would do what I thought it would do, and to see if I really wanted one, I purchased a book on the fundamentals of machine embroidery. I purchased it used, so that if I decided that I did not want to buy a machine I would not have expended too much money! If you are not familiar with embroidery machines, PLEASE take this step first.  Despite the quality of the Brother manual,no manual can provide the details of the different kinds of stabilizers and what type to use with which fabrics or the finely detailed insights on monogram and pattern placement.  Further, the trouble-shooting and problem-solving section of a good book is invaluable.  Hey, you're on Amazon, you can find a great book."
"This was a gift from my parents for christmas, I can't explain how excited to learn the machine. The machine came with ever instruction material you would ever need. Their is a warranty as well. Not only does this embroider but you are able to stitch regular on the machine as well."
I'm new to embroidery and this machine makes it easy and professional except when thread brakes and the words don't line up of that happens ur backing is either weak or u need one. final word AWESOME
PERFECT!  This is just what I wanted!  I've been sewing on an older Singer for years so the features and functions on this machine did require a bit of a learning curve.  But every project comes out beautiful and I feel confident that I can complete projects that I wouldn't have attempted in the past.  It has a small footprint and is fairly light which is great for me as I sew on my dining room table and often have to move it.  I mostly use it for sewing apparel and quilting but have made a few projects with the embroidery set up.  I had never used an embroidery machine before and am pleased as punch how beautiful the images stitch up!  I would (and have) recommended this machine...its a great choice!
"This is a great machine.  Very user friendly and easy to set up.  You can sew, quilt AND embroidery which is a HUGE plus!!  I really love this all-in-one machine!!"
my wife loves it absolutely perfect
"It came on time with Prime Shipping. Everything was in the box as listed in the description. Straight out of the box she read the instructions, set up the machine and was sewing on practice fabric within 30 minutes. This is her first sewing machine ever and she had no trouble with the thread, bobbins, needles, or anything else. She said the instructions are simple enough for an older child to follow. She's very happy with her first sewing machine and I'm happy that she's happy."
Excellent!!!
"Starter machine for my daughter for Christmas she likes it.
Might be all she ever needs."
great machine...
I researched very carefully before deciding to purchase this machine. It had the best reviews for a combo machine. I love everything about it and couldn't be more happier with it!
I love it.... I love it..... I love it
Love it!
"The SE400 was my first computerized machine. Purchased in January- and it did everything I wanted- until July and the LCD Touchscreen began to go crazy- many of the stitches disappeared and some were scrambled- I begin by selecting a zigzag stitch and the machine would sew a blind hem- That's frustrating.  Called Brother's Customer Service and took the machine to a local ""authorized dealer"".  My machine has been there for 6 weeks and counting. The repair shop has replaced the 'touch screen' twice with the same confusing results. I asked the repairman to contact Brother's Warranty for a replacement- he said ""that is not going to happen"".  I immediately called Brother's Customer Service and was told that ""someone from the designated department will need to call me back"".  I am frustrated- I sew for a living.  Loved the machine- really, really dislike warranty satisfaction and customer service."
"I love this machine, so easy to use"
Absolutely in love with this sewing machine!!!!
Getting to know my new friend
LOVE it!
Love Love it!!!! the self threading feature is amazing
"The only reason I did not give this machine 5 stars is that the embroidery area was too small for my liking. This was my first foray into machine embroidery and I have loved getting into it. The machine was easy to use right out of the package, produced great results, and was quick with its work. I would like for it to have a USB stick capability instead of having to hook up to my laptop every time but it wasn't a huge inconvenience. I would recommend this to crafters starting out in embroidery so long as they were making small projects."
"I bought myself this machine 3 years ago and love it.
I like it so much my mom asked me to buy her one for christmas so here we go.
Great quality, right now its about $120 cheaper than I paid so its a great deal.
Fantastic quality construction and good embroidery quality.
For me it works best with Gutternman thread- all others snap."
"Excellent product, high quality I really recommend it."
This is a very nice machine. My 12 yr old daughter learned how to run it easily.
Very nice.  Thanks
Yes....my wife loves it!!
"I love this machine it is the nicest one yet.  I will give a better review once I receive my thread , bobbons. I can't wait to get started.  When I do I finally get started I will let everyone know a better opinion."
Grand daughter loved it and loves the step by step video training sessions.  I don't sew so it is up to Brother Training DVD's to do the job.  We are pleased.
Christmas gift my wife loves it
"Bought it for my 14 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  Sews well. Has the smaller embroidery area.  ( 4x4).  But that is all she needs right now.  Very easy to get started on,  she was doing it on herown inless than 30 minutes."
I had problems with the bobbin thread showing through the top of my embroidery designs. I called the Brother call center and was guided through the instructions to fix the problem given in the manual (which I had already done twice to no avail). The rep told me my brand new machine needed servicing. The closest serving center is 4 hours away from me. I rewound the bobbin twice with the same results. Finally I used a prewound bobbin and that fixed my problem. I love all the features of this machine and am overalls very happy. I am disappointed that I can only use prewound bobbins for the embroidery function to work properly.
Excelente..
Love this new machine. Loved the fact that my embroidery cards fro older machine works with this one.
"Great machine!  I have been sewing ""casually"" since grade school, but the ease of use and astounding quality of this machine has encouraged me to increase my sewing habits tremendously!  I have used many of the features and love every one of them!  Very user-friendly and simple to get used to for all skill levels!  Wonderful, wonderful machine!  LOVE IT!!"
"The sewing side works great!  Smooth, quiet and fast.

The embroidery function... Okay.  The main problem is that the mounting arm is not stable, so it's easy (and common place) for a project to end up a mm or two off pattern by the end of things.  I've tried many methods to correct this and the only thing I've found that helps is not to work with a design larger than 2x2.

Additionally, the 4x4 advertised as this model's maximum embroidery surface size isn't actually true.  You actually can't exceed 3.5x3.5--Because of the edge of the frame mount.  My take on this is if I pay for a 4x4 inch embroidery area, then I should get one.  How hard would it have been to increase the mounting frame so the actual live embroidery area matched the hype?

Would I buy this model again?  No.  Was it a complete waste of money?  Not really.  I learned how to use a home embroidery machine and got a good feel for what features mattered to me.  So this time when I go shopping for one, I'll know what to avoid."
I love it!  I made 14 of our Christmas gifts.
I love this machine I've had it for a few years now. I use it often and sew with a lot of different fabrics. Still working great and so easy to use. I would recommend the machine.
Good machine for a beginner.  Haven't figured how to put embroidery on pocket.  Looking forward to using.
I could not be happier with this purchase!  I'm still a beginner when it comes to sewing but this machine is so easy to use that its making all of the beginner projects I'm working on a breeze. The manual is clear and easy to understand and never underestimate the power of you tube for lessons.
I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it
"Love the machine so far, even though according to my sewing instructor it has some quirks."
"This machine is well worth the money! The embroidery function alone is amazing and the machine is super easy to use. I have gotten terrific results and use it every other day. After having it for over a year now, I still love it as much as when I received it. WELL worth the money. A++++++"
Sent this machine back.  It kept putting holes in my fabric.
Haven't had time to use the machine yet but I am very excited
very very good
"Seriously. Stop reading the reviews. Just buy it. I read soooo many reviews before purchasing this machine (never having sewn before)- and it might sound funny, but after about 10 months I still haven't used it and would still reccomend buying it... here's why...

I bought it for myself as a birthday gift last year, knowing inwouldbt justify a large purchase like this again for awhile and I was (am) determined to learn how to sew! I was sold once I knew it could also do embroidery because I have three little girls and would love to monogram things for them, not to mention, for wedding and baby shower gifts. Anyway- months later, by summer's end I hadn't had a moment to sit and unpack the box and teach myself how to use the machine (note, I mentioned three kids.. they were 3 and younger, hence the ""no time"" to sew, ha!) Well- I have an AMAZING friend that DOES sew and she knew my machine embroidered. She asked if she could use the embroidery aspect for some projects she was working on and in return, would learn how to use my machine and would teach me (Hallelujah! Told you she was awesome!) She sent me a million messages late one night once she started using the embroidery and was so shocked at how crazy easy it was to learn and use. AND she couldn't stop bragging about how intuitive the machine is.. and how simple it is to use, and how fabulously helpful the instructional cd is and said it would be so easy for me to learn. She ended up keeping my machine for a week or two and room it on a ""sewing weekend"" that she and a few other friends planned... they all asked to use the embroidery, LOVED it, and there was even a woman there who hadn't seen before, used my machine, and left having sewn dresses for her new baby!! --here's the kicker, that woman went home and ordered this machine and uses it allll the time. WAIT. It gets better-- Christmas just passed... the woman who originally borrowed my machine got it for Christmas... as well as TWO other women that used it that weekend.. ha!!! If that doesn't convince you to buy this one now.. I don't know what will.

Sidenote... because of a crazy holiday season, I did not sew yet, but did have time for my friend to teach me how to embroider a design and name on matching pj shirts for my girls... it was SOOOO easy. And it really was pretty intuitive to thread the machine and get it started!

Just buy it."
like
"Still learning but it is really easy, it's been a month now and I've completed several proyects"
"I wish it would have come with embroidery thread instead of 1 spool of plain white thin thread.  We are total novices so we had trouble trying to use the thread, load the bobbin, etc.  Once we switched to actual embroidery thread, it went very well.  i also wish they would have included more backings rather than just one.  Again being total novices we didn't know to have this stuff on hand.  But in a matter of just hours after getting embroidery thread, we embroidered a butterfly and it looks perfect!  We are anxious to be able to embroider photographs so now we are trying to find free software that will work since the software we would have to buy is extremely expensive - more than the cost of the machine!"
"Ordered this for my wife after reading reviews praising it. My grandmother in law called it the ""Cadillac"" of monogram machines. My wife LOVES it and has been very successful in all of her projects. The product itself was shipped and received days before i expected it. Extremely quick delivery.  Worth way more than the price paid for it. I encourage all who are interested to start with this piece of equipment."
"Awesome machine, so glad i bought it.  Took me alittle while to figure out how to download pictures on to the machine for embroiding,  but now I'm unstoppable.  Great addition to my sewing and quilting."
Awesome beginner sewing/quilting/embroidery machine. Love the ease of threading the needle and bobbin. The perfect Christmas gift!!
I absolutely love this sewing machine. So many stitch options. The use of this machine makes my sewing projects a breeze.
"Love this machine so far! Easy to set up & use, and I've already figured out how to download my own embroidery designs! Sews great too, went through 2 layers of fleece like a breeze! I recommend it for intermediate sewers like me who want to try out embroidery too."
Love it. Loved the price at Amazon
Nice machine. My wife loves it!
Great starter machine easy to work
"good machine, it take some getting used to, some of the directions aren't as clear as I liked. YouTube is helping me a lot."
"I just love this little machine. I have one of the ""better"" machines that does larger sizes but so far this one does almost as good."
"I've looked at this machine for over 6 months every time I went into a place they sold it.  Christmas finally came.  He suggested I get myself a sewing machine and he get himself a computer.  Well, I got myself the sewing machine and suggested his Xmas gift for me be a check to cover it.  Have since been reassured that next Christmas this will not be a suggestion.  Nevertheless, I found a great deal on Amazon and absolutely love it.  Very user friendly.  High reviews that have proven well deserved so far.  I've watched quite a few YouTube videos and they have been most helpful.  Really do love this machine and happy to have it!  ""Created"" my first embroider job last night; forgot to lower the feed dogs in the back; BUT it still turned out great.  I'm looking forward to learning more and more and get back to sewing like I used to."
Thus is a awesome unit especially if you are a beginner like I am. Easy to set up and use for embroidering.
"Awesome, haven't used embroidery yet. Made diapers, burp clothes and other baby items. Love the auto cutter. Have only used that feature on commercial sewing machines. The price was outstanding and it is easy to use. Didn't do the bobbin winding right, but have figured out you have to hit the start and stop button. So will be doing that in the next few days. This machine is a second machine for the home. The other machine is a Necchi."
Love this machine.  It replaced my 45+ year old machine. I had a learning curve switching to a computerized sewing machine.  It came with several different feet.  The machine lets you know which feet to use with each stitch.  It has taken practice to learn to embroider.  It's pretty straight forward once you have it all set up.  Be aware that you should have lots of colors of embroidery thread to make the designs.  Most designs use several colors of thread.  HINT: watch for thread to be on sale at your fabric store.  Buy quality thread.  I have used Mettler and have had no issues with breakage.  The fabric cover that comes with this machine is pretty small and barely fits over to cover. You get three empty bobbins and one filled with white embroidery thread.  I think the machine is pretty much comparable to some of the more expensive machines except for the quantity of designs and memory.  I don't think you will be disappointed with this machine for price.  Buy and have fun sewing.  Several web sites have free designs one can download for use on the machine.  You just my not be able to store all designs on machine but can store on your computer and download when you want to use.  You will need a computer to use with this machine to update as well as downloading designs.
"This is a really good sewing machine, the only problem I'm having it that the CD won't play."
Love it.  So easy to use.
Love It
So far I love this machine.  Getting ready to try embrodiery.
Love My Machine!!!!!!
"I received my machine yesterday, but I had been researching about it for a couple of months, so maybe this is the reason why everything seemed so easy right off the bat. ive read the manual way before the machine arrived (downloaded it from the brother website) ive watched many many tutorials on youtube... so when I finally took the machine out of the box last night, I knew exactly what to do. =)

BUT, with all that said, I still think everything about this machine is pretty straight forward, and easy to use.

first impression, even before I opened the box was, holy crap. it's heavy! I have a brother sewing machine (I don't remember the model, but they look a like a bit) and it's much much lighter, than this one. Understandable, of course! and then when you attach the embroidery arm it's even heavier. that's probably why they tell you in the manual to not lift the machine when the arm is attached. Listen to them. =)

I have always had a felt placemat (cute pink flower) under my sewing and serger machines, so when I read someone mentioning they kept a yoga mat under their embroidery machine (because of the shaking) I had no doubts about getting one for this machine as well... and I recommend that!

Taking this beauty out of the box was super exciting and a bit overwhelming. so many little bits, and cool new stuff. I may have stared at them for 15 minutes lol

but after I snapped out of it I decided to test it. first with one of the pre-installed designs that come in the machine. I picked the butterfly, as my time was short and I didn't want to deal with the changing of threads. I used just some scrap of fabric, a piece of tear away stabilizer, and hooped it up. it was easy to do it so, as I followed the instructions ive read somewhere to do it on a flat surface. Easy peasy.
on the machine I touched all the little buttons, to adjust and flip, and mirror it. soooo cool. and easy!!!! after it was of my satisfaction, I lowered down the presser foot, and pressed the button.

What a beauty!! I confessed I just stared at it for 9 minutes, watching it work!!!!!
the design came out beautifully, and I love it the it cuts the thread when it's done.

after that I wanted o try the computer connection. it looked so complicated right??? WRONG!
EASY
I connected my computer, went to a folder I had already saved a design I bought on Etsy, and following the instructions and videos ive watched I just dragged the file I wanted, to the removable disk folder!
and Voila! the file was there, available in the machine to be used.
I used the adjusting buttons, made it fit on my work area, absolutely loved how it looked and BAM! pressed the button. This time around I went to take a shower and when I came back it was done, design was perfect!

 I think the whole thing here is the fact that this machine is SUPER EASY to use. and if you get stuck you can get help right there on the screen.
installing the arm is pretty easy as well, snapping the hoop is a bit hard, but you just need to apply some little pressure on it, making sure the little knobie thingies are aligned where they have to be. to snap it out of place is a bit easier. just press the tab and it comes out.

tonight I am going to try out some appliques... I don't think the machine came with any applique designs, which is a bummer, but etsy is definitely a good place to look for cool and cute stuff, with automatic downloads, so I really recommend it.

Also, if you are a beginner like me, I recommend the starter kit they have available here on amazon, and some of thread kits as well. I cot both, so when the machine arrived I already had everything that I need to just sit down and use it!!!!!"
didn't work.  I returned it.
Donna loves this machine!
This machine is wonderful!  I've had no issues with it.  I use both the sewing and embroidery functions daily.  Wonderfully little workhorse.
What can't i love about this thing. I bought this for my wife for mothers days and she loved it and has went sew crazy. And think she has paid for it with all the money saved from doing her own embroidery instead of contracting it out. the only thing i could complain about is they should have gotten on the SD card or usb memory stick for loading and keeping designs on the machine.
"I bought the SE400 machine a month ago. I am a crafter, and wanted to add personalization and cute details to some of my items. I have experience with sewing machines, but had NO experience with machine embroidery. The fact that this was also a sewing machine appealed to me, and along with the reasonable cost, it influenced my decision to buy it.

What I like most:
1. The ease of threading the machine, both upper and lower (it makes it easy to change thread colors on designs)
2. The quiet hands free operation, and ease of stopping and starting
3. The variety and quality of stitches for doing both sewing and embroidery
4. The price, as compared to other embroidery machines
5. The embroidery designs available, that are included with the machine
6. The quality of the finished embroidery designs on the fabric
7. The ease of attaching the embroidery foot and frame
8. The LCD display, and ease of locating designs
9. The Quick Reference Guide that is provided is helpful

What could be better, or a ""nice to have"":
1. The operation manual: It's wordy, and a little intimidating as you first go through it.  But this machine does have a lot of functions, so not sure how they could have condensed it or written it easier.
2. More information about the type of embroidery formats for this machine (.pes, .dst); I couldn't find it in the manual, so I had to look for it online on the Brother web site.
3. WiFi wireless ability - Like, to be able to access my ""iBroidery.com"" account or online designs from the machine.

Tips:
1. Online Tutorials - There are some very---VERY---helpful videos on YouTube from others who have purchased this machine. On YouTube, just search ""Brother SE400"".  The videos helped me to better understand the machine.
2. Fabric Stash - Use your fabric scraps to practice the sewing stitches and embroidery designs. For me, it's fun just practicing and playing around with different designs. And my fabric scraps are getting some use!
3. Threads - I have used thread (i.e., Gutermann's 100% poly) that's not necessarily labeled as ""embroidery thread"". But there are some colorful ""silky"" embroidery threads that do give designs a nice glossy finish. The Brother web site (http://www.brother-usa.com/) has a chart of recommended threads to use based on fabric types.
4. Embroidery Designs - There are a few websites that offer free embroidery designs. Just do a search for ""free embroidery designs"". Be mindful that some designs are licensed or copyrighted, and only for personal use.

Overall, I like this machine and would recommend it for anyone interested in an embroidery machine. I'm still experimenting with its features, but so far, I am happy with this purchase. The Brother website at http://www.brother-usa.com/ is also a helpful resource for FAQs and information."
The best sewing machine ever!!!!
Beginning sewing and embroidery machine for my daughter and her friend.  They both find it easy to use and carry about.  Good buy.
"Got this for Christmas 2014 and love it - made all kinds of stuff today after watching some you tube how to videos - it comes with a how to cd but I found you tube more helpful. I've only used the designs that came with the machine so far and they are great - but I'm excited to see what I can download off the internet. Very easy to use this thing does so much for you - threads the needle , cuts the thread - it's really cool !"
"Not what I was expecting. Very disappointed. I'm used to adult machines, this is a child's machine."
I love this easy to use machine.
Very good machine for the price. There is one thing I don't like and that is that it doesn't have an adjustment for the pressure foot and it doesn't like to sew on very heavy material. Overall it is a nice combo machine. It is easy to use.
I just love every thing about it
LOVE! Easy to use!
awesome
I have to say l have owned multiple machines all of which were singer. I purchased this machine because of the embroidery table athough l haven't used the embroidery part yet. The machine is easy to use and the automatic threader is awesome. The machine will alert you when you are running out of thread in the bottom bobbing. I also love the automatic thread cutter. This sewing machine is great value for money.
DO NOT HESITATE! This is an amazing machine! LOVE IT!
Works very well!
Thank you
This machine is the Bomb! I have had it for a year now and use it for all my sewing projects and the embroidery feature is wonderful - Can't beat it for the money.
perfect
"I bought this as to use for everyday sewing more than for the embroidery. It does both well. So far it has been excellent. In less than a weeki  I've put together a small quilt top, made a dozen or so micro-preemie flannel diapers, another dozen or so micro-preemie buntings, and have repaired a couple of items. Yay! Easy to use, works well, i will be doing some embroidery this weekend, I think. I do have another embroidery machine as this one is limited in size.
I bought this partially because of it's awesome button hole choices and capabilities. I had it's ""twin"" and loved this feature. After Christmas I will be making a few dozen pair of knit pj bottoms and am looking forward to using this machine to quickly and easily make 2 buttonholes per pair.
Good machine for both beginners and old timers. Time to get sewing."
"After a year of using the SE 400, I am still very satisfied.  It has a beautiful stitch.  (Much nicer than the stitch on my Viking.)  The embroidery rivals that of much more expensive machines. It is extremely easy to use and has a very good instruction manual and CD. There have been times that I asked it to stitch multiple layers of heavy material -- more than the machine was designed to handle -- and it gamely tried to handle the job with no more problems than a broken needle. If I ever replace it, it will be for a Brother with a longer bed for quilting and a larger hoop size."
Good one!
"This machine was fantastic right out of the box! Not truly knowing about machine embroidery, the instructions were easy to learn and I was making items for Christmas within 1 hour. Would definitely recommend."
Ok
Gift.  Have not opened.  Thanks.
"Awesome! I  have never used a sewing machine before, and I was able to do an Applique' with Embroidery the first time!  The machine is very user friendly, and the on-screen guidance helps with errors."
"I should probably get my wife to write this review because she's the sewer, but she's too busy enjoying this machine. She says it's easy to use and is currently enjoying watching it stitch out embroidery designs. She's never used an embroidery machine before and already has added a couple patterns to it's memory, adjusted size and position and stitched out two designs she plans to use in future projects. This machine is replacing her main sewing machine which was an old mechanical one so we were both a bit apprehensive about the learning curve of a modern machine. She was really happy to see the familiar foot control as we unpacked it. She dove right in and had it threaded and sewing together her test project in minutes. Once she was satisfied with that she switched it over to embroidery and said that was really easy to do. I don't know anything about sewing machines but the directions look clear enough that if I had to do something with it I could do it. She's happy with it so I'm happy with it."
"This machine is a huge upgrade from the Singer I was using. Make sure you use the correct thread for the project or else you will have threading issues. The ""bobbin"" thread that comes with the machine is for the bobbin only. I tried using it for my top thread, and it kept breaking. Once I switched to a different thread, the issues stopped. Wonderful machine. I love that it not only sews, but embroiders as well. Getting more patterns from the internet and using them on the machine is very easy. Just connect the cord, drop the pattern into the machine file on the computer, find it on the machine and sew away! :)"
LOVE LOVE LOVE my machine.
this is such an amazing product. I have not even read the manual and have been embroidering like crazy! It is saved me hundreds of dollars. Set up is easy sewing is easy it's just awesome. The only thing I wish is that it bead was a little faster but I can totally deal with it. If you're looking for a good model to start off embroidering I would highly suggest going with the model that embroiders the 8 x 8 sections while this is awesome I find that I want to do bigger and bigger projects. If I had it to do over again I would absolutely purchase the same product.
Absolutely a wonderful machine. Brothers has always produced great sturdy durable products and I enjoy owning them. Thanks
I've had this for only 2 months and it's broke. Trouble with the bobbin and it keep pulling material in. Don't buy it.
"Excellent machine for the price,only problem the threader broke within 3 days after warranty
expired , decided not to have it replaced,not worth it as it's very easy to thread.

On Facebook group SE400/PE500 I found that the needle threader that I thought was broken could
actually be simply fixed with using great step by step photos. Found that the wire just came off and
can be popped back into place. I would encourage SE400 user to join this Facebook group ,well worth
your time and effort as it has great ideas and solutions to any problems that may arise."
"INVEST YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE! I was so excited about switching to a dual sewing/embroidery machine, and I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine. I saw the many warnings about needles breaking over and over with this machine, but I brushed it off as user error. Now that I've used my machine for a week now, I realize that it is definitely a problem with the machine! FOUR needles have broken in the one week I've had this machine (doing a simple straight stitch!). I will be returning and purchasing a higher-quality machine. Don't be fooled by the price!"
cannot wait to use it!
great product! happy with item and seller!
Really liking it.
"Loved it! I learned how to sew and embroider on this machine, and it was great for a beginner!"
An excelent
Love this machine.  And boy can it work. The display does not show the designs in color they show them in stages however many there are however it does stop cut your thread and tell you when to change to the next color so that's very helpful. I love this machine and I recommend it to beginners and even those who are a little bit more used to embroidery and the machine holds up good I have sown hundreds of projects on this and it is just an awesome little machine I love it wouldn't trade it all.
"Love this machine. If my house was on fire, this is one of the first things that I would grab."
good~!!
This machine does not monogram well
"All right.  It's been a year and I must say, I love this product.  My husband got it for me, last year as a gift, and I love how smooth and quiet it is.  It's easy to use and switch the pieces out.  I have no complaints, therefore... five (5) stars."
"I have been repairing sewing machines for about eight years and have worked on a number of these machines I was so impressed
with them I bought one for my wife I must say 99% of the problems these machines have is the operator some things I found that help. Is first use a thread stand and not the spool pin when embroidering that will solve a lot of the thread problems second use
factory wound  bobbins as much as possible. when regular sewing make sure the tails on the thread is longer when threading the needle. This is a great beginner sewing machine it won't do a lot of the stuff the more expensive embroidery machines do but what do you expect"
bought this for my daughter - a beginner sewer - it is absolutely perfect!!!  would recommend to anyone.  she absolutely loves it.
"I like it except that it smells bad while using it: sometimes, it causes me headache."
"This is the neatest little sewing machine for the occasional hobbiest.  Does everything we need, for every day projects or repairs.
Have been using it for several months now.  Still have a lot to learn though with this neat little machine.  The instructional disk was great, and have watched it several times."
"I reiterate a lot of what other purchasers noted:
It's a stunt to get the thing top threaded, nothing like what you may be used to with an older style machine.
There are almost TOO many little diagrams, numbers and videos for one's sanity- But once you figure it out,
you will NOT easily forget it and it IS fairly straightforward. It's the last few stages: 5, 6 and 7 are trickiest.
I searched YOuTube and found some decent examples there rather than anything from Brother.
The auto-threader IS nice and shortens the time needed to switch colours for embroidery.

Main Gripe: the LCD screen is low resolution and also sometimes require couple steps (example: changing stitch length)
where one would have been better.. It seems to be 'old technology' in this model as when positioning the embrodery
pattern using the LCD screen insufficient resolution exists to give a decent idea of the actual appearance.
Screen is reasonably touch-sensitive, with a stylus included to help fat fingered people.

I had no trouble using the USB link (MAC or PC!) to send .PES image files to the machine, many of which I found free on the Internet, to its small internal 512KB (0.5MB!) 'volatile' drive.  Turn the machine of, and that image is lost.
Plenty of nice fonts and images already on board. Lots of software exists to make your .PES files if you want, nothing special or proprietary about the arrangement.
There is a proprietary card-slot for which sets of read-only imagery are sold but these cards can easily cost $100
Save your money and use your computer!

Overall VERY pleased, there is nothing near this price I could find that seems so capable esp as a first machine as this is for me,"
Had to return because something was very noisy and seemed like it was defective. Amazon accepted return..no problem at all.
It's okay but I prefer the Singer for quality and feel. This is cheaper but you're getting what you pay for.
"Again a Christmas present, we shall see."
"I love my Brother SE400. It's my first embroidery machine.  I have completed so many beautiful projects already. I did have a problem with the bobbin thread showing at the top of my project.  I researched and found out that I was not inserting the bobbin correctly.  I had to make sure the bobbin thread was following the correct path in the bobbin casing.  Once I figured that out, my embroidery is wonderful.  I highly recommend getting the large repositioning hoop (SA434, 4 inch by 6 3/4 inch).  If you use a software package like SewWhat Pro or PE Design, then you can setup you designs to sew in the multiple positions.  I also bought the 63 Brother color embroidery threads, but I'm now going to get the 260 count package of thread, as I need more variations of colors for my projects."
"This is my first new machine in twenty years.  Wow!  I love not using a foot pedal.  I love the needle threader.  I love playing with all the stitches.  So easy to connect to the computer to grab some new designs.  I suspect that those having trouble did not take the time to carefully read the directions.  This machine is quite different than the ""old bessie"" machine that I'm used to.  At first I thought the pressure had to be adjusted and was disappointed that there wasn't a way to do that.  I've since practiced and just let the machine do it's job and have found that it works quite nicely with little guidance. My five year old grand daughter was even able to sew on this machine at the slowest speed.  It's awesome the way you can just press a button to back stitch and cut the thread.  I'm having trouble finding more embroidery thread.  I know I can buy big lots of it here on amazon but I really want to buy brother brand thread to avoid any potential problems."
I've had this machine for almost 5 years and I finally got it serviced. This machine can handle a lot of abuse! That's why I love Brothers.
I started taking sewing classes 5 months ago and this is my first machine. I love it. Lots of stitch options and very easy to use. I've even embroidered a couple of things. Highly recommend.
Wonderful Price!
Absolutely love this sewing machine!
It's easy to use with the CD guide. I love it!
Bought as a present for the Wife. She loves it. Easy to set up and use.
My daughter loved it.
Love the machine. Very easy to use. Very simple to download designs from the internet..
"I had a Brother SE-350 and upgraded to the Brother SE-400 and so far, it has been fantastic. I sew everyday and it's so smooth operating and so very, very quiet."
I am so happy with my machine.  I cant believe I got two for the price of one.  I have been waiting yrs for a lower priced embroidery machine lol.  ty so much brother for makin it possible for my dream to come true.
Great product but was missing the embroidery ring which holds the material. Other then that it's an awesome machine
"This is the greatest thing I have ever bought, hands down.  I will admit I was jealous of my friend's incredibly nice (and incredibly expensive!) Singer model, but I couldn't afford anything nearly so pricey and after researching I decided on the SE-400.  I am so glad I did!  In comparing our two machines, my Brother has everything going for it - it's powerful enough to do whatever I throw at it, portable enough to drag to sewing classes (I felt bad for my friend, hers weighs twice as much), has drag & drop ease for importing embroidery files, and doesn't rely on just any one type of software to make or edit embroidery files.  And there is NO difference in the quality of the embroidery between my machine and my friend's fanctypants one.

It is also SO easy to use the SE-400!  I was terrified the first time I turned it on, afraid I would mess something up and ruin the machine I'd saved up for, but I couldn't have been more wrong!  The instruction manual was straightforward (and Google showed me anything I didn't understand) and in minutes I was embroidering my very first design.  I just drop in my bobbin and load my top thread, hoop my fabric, and press go.  The display on the SE-400 shows me what part of the design will be stitched in order so I can change my thread, and once I load my designs I don't need a computer hooked to it anymore.  Amazon has great deals on stabilizer sheets (8x8 precut sheets are the way to go!), adhesive sprays, and gorgeous thread colors.  My machine doesn't seem to mind which type of thread I run through it but I personally feel I get the best results with rayon, though polyester does just fine too.  Since I can't adjust the actual speed at which it embroiders I haven't used much in the way of metallic or tinsel/holographic threads (you need to stitch slowly with them), but the little I have used has been fine in small amounts.  Occasionally I have to rethread the upper thread while using metallics but that's mostly because I am too lazy to change out my needle to one with a bigger eye every time.

The only downside is that the SE-400 has a cap of 4""x4"" for embroidery.  You can buy slightly larger hoops but the machine itself will only embroider up to 4""x4"".  Even trying to input a larger design will fail, as the machine will simply not recognize it.  That doesn't restrict me much because I only embroider designs onto stuffed animals right now, but in the future I can see myself wanting a machine that will go larger (for now I just use my friend's if I need something huge).

In short, if you're on the fence about this machine go ahead and jump over and buy it.  You won't be disappointed!"
Have a lot to learn but I love it !
Love it
"excellent machine ,wife loves it"
"Works great.  I still haven't figured out how to download embroidery designs from the internet.  The book needs to explain that better.  Other than that , it's been easy for me to learn to use"
"I love this machine! I upgraded from the Brother XL3750, a really nice sewing machine itself, because I wanted an embroidery machine. The SE400 is awesome! The user manual could use some friendliness training, but there are lots of very helpful videos on YouTube, and with some patience you can find most of what you need in the book. I would take away a star for the book, but had to give it back for the machine!

First, as a sewing machine, the SE400 is a dream! Threading it is as easy as can be with the steps all numbered. The needle is self-threading, although I'll admit that I wasn't doing it quite right until I saw it done on a video (it's that instruction manual again).

I haven't hooked up the foot-feed yet as I'm having too much fun using the controls on the machine itself. You can set the speed to the lowest setting and turn it up until you're comfortable - or slow it back down when you get to a tricky part (curves can be tricky). On my other machine, I would step on the foot-feed to go slow, and nothing would happen, then I'd step a little more and nothing would happen. So I'd step a little more - and it would take off and run away! There is SO much more control with the SE400! Even at faster speeds, the machine takes a few slow stitches in the beginning so you can ease into it. I've noticed that I'm much less tense when I'm sewing with this machine due to the non-foot-feed speed control.

I love having the 'needle-down/up' feature, and the Thread Cutter! No more wasted thread, and when you start sewing, you don't have to hold the top thread for dear life so it doesn't get tangled! Oh boy, Oh boy!

The first foot that I've missed is the 'optional' Walking Foot. It was replaced in this machine with the embroidery foot.. There are plenty (seven) of other feet included, though.

The bobbin is self-threading - no more fiddling around pulling the bobbin thread up with the needle!

I've only embroidered four or five patterns, but it couldn't be easier! At first I was worried about the size restriction at 4"" X 4"", but look at a 4"" X 4"" square - I don't embroider anything bigger than that anyway! There are ways to embroider a pattern larger than 4"" square - a little complicated, but possible. The videos have been the most help in learning the new system. If I think of anything else, I'll come back and edit this review.

I recommend the Brother SE400 Embroidery Machine to anyone wanting to have fun sewing!

Update: Now that I've been using the SE400 for a while, I can tell you that I love the SE400 more every day! What a beautiful machine!"
I returned it but Now I think I should have kept it and learned from it. A big learning curve.
Love this machine.... love the easy embroidery feature
love it.
Love my machine
"Perfect starter sewing/embroidery machine. I own one of these (SE400) and an Brother HE1 ( identical to the PE500, except blue decals where the 500 is pink). Both are very good at what they do: make nice embroideries ona  variety of fabric types."
I've not been disappointed with this machine since purchase. It's got so many options and modes and is incredibly easy to thread. Made my friends incredibly jealous with this baby!
I haven't actually got to use it yet but my sister used it to sew up some Halloween costumes and was constantly saying how cool everything was compared to the nice one she has.
Does not come with software...
the best
love it
A little difficult to change the different feet but video is major help. Love it.
"My wife loves this embroidery/quilting machine. She has wanted an embroidery machine for quite some time and we found it on sale on Amazon for about $270 I think it was when it is normally about $350. This machine does come with a quilting needle so there is no need to buy one (we figured that out after purchasing a quilting needle per one review that stated it did not have one). It also comes with a double stitching needle (if I have it right). Since we got the machine and it has been a couple months now, she has been embroidering stuff that she is making for Christmas. We would love to have a larger embroidery area, but those machines are stupid expensive. Do read the reviews on Amazon for this machine as there are some valuable money-saving tips. My wife setup an account on three different sites to get three free designs per week (I think it was). The most detailed and vivid designs do cost money...but you can still get some pretty nifty designs for free if you are patient. We could say more in regards to helping the first time sewing or embroidery person, but the other reviews do such a wonderful job. This is a good first embroidery machine. You won't be disappointed if you can live with the 4x4 inch embroidery area.
I messed up and added to my review as a comment. The needle that comes pre-installed in the machine was bent and messed up our second embroidery design. We replaced the needle (machine comes with a few) and it has worked great ever since. My wife is having issues with putting the designs from her laptop onto the embroidery machine. She has windows 8.1 and has to keep the laptop connected to the embroidery machine while the design is put on the fabric. I think it is just a matter of time till she figures out how to put designs onto the machine. My wife has found that you can embroider Felt as long as you do not use designs that fill in the middle part to provide color to the design...just the outline will work."
"very easy , user friendly , and has many short cuts to save your precious time . I love the automatic needle threading , the automatic cut to the thread , the choice to automatically do the reverse stich at the beginning of sewing . the embroidery is super easy even for those non expert like me :), I gave it 4 stars because I wish it came with a solid cover to protect it"
Love my Brother Machine!! I got it for Christmas 2013 and am making Christmas cards for Christmas 2014!
"I've had it for a few years now and still love it.  I've sewn dresses, shorts, costumes, pajamas, and embroidered everything.  The 4 inch square is easy to out grow and alining over 4 inches is a pain.  But I didn't know if I was going to be serious about it and keep using the machine or it would be just another dust gatherer.  Turns out this machine is my favorite.  Small, light, easy to use.  It is by no means a heavy duty work horse or high-end.

But if you are crafty and like doing pillows, easy projects, or teaching someone, this machine is great.  auto threading and the bobbin warning and auto stops are the best.  I think if you are a serious sewer and are on it once or twice a week, you should look into something more heavy duty and more options."
Would have liked more options pre loaded.
I love it
It is a great machine and easy for beginners to use.
I love my new machine. No problems and sews whatever I want!
Stylish and well priced. Runs smoothly and works well. Am excellent purchase.
"I have never used or owned a sewing or embroidery machine before. I purchased to make some patches and wanting to try embroidery for hobby and gifts. I read alot of reviews and watched alot of YouTube videos before purchasing the Brother SE400.  I downloaded a few free designs from internet and dragged and dropped in the machine and it was easy to make something with no experience.  I also ordered the larger 5x7 hoop for adding more designs without having to remove the fabric from hoop to reposition.

Having owned several Brother products over the years and being satisfied with their quality and performance, I would recommend this product."
Has a few bugs...
Gave it as a gift.  She loves it!
this sewing machine it really help me it work great and really easy to use..
"Wonderful machine! still figuring it all out, there is much you can do with it."
"This was a Christmas gift for me, purchased in December of 2011. I wanted an up-to-date machine for the occasional project; I don't sew enough for a high-end machine. The Brother SE400 Sewing Machine has everything I want in a sewing machine: portable, lightweight, durable, easy to use, with just enough ""fancy"" features to make it interesting.  I have had no problems with the machine in the three years that I have had it. An excellent buy for the price!"
"I love this sewing machine. I've had a couple of Singers in the past that I've had major problems with but so far, I am loving this machine.

I love the automatic needle threading function. It took me a while to get the hang of it but now it's a breeze.

The only trouble I've had with this machine so far is when I was using the embroidery function, the bobbin thread got all bunched up and I had to remove the bobbin case and the plastic piece encasing it but the good news is that it was very very easy to resolve and I was up and sewing very quickly.

I am just learning how to sew and this machine is perfect for me.

The other cool thing about it is that you don't have to use the presser foot if you don't want to. You just push the circle button when it's green and it starts sewing. You can even change the speed to very slow or very fast and in between. It comes with the USB cord you need to transfer embroidery patterns from your computer.

And it also comes with a wide assortment of presser feet although I am not sure how to use all of them yet or what each one does. More will be revealed.

It comes with a a soft bag type case but I'm saving to get a nice hard case. For now it keeps the dust out though.

I've attached a photo of the practice embroideries I've made."
"So, I bought this machine to use for making labels on ribbon. When I got this, I loved it! It worked great, until I kept using it, and I realized it kept jamming. I used this machine to embroider about three to four hours straight, and the success rate kept going down. I was fed up and called brother customer service, they thought I just got a bad machine, so ordered a replacement. The second one did the same exact thing. What happens as the thread moves around the bobbin, it seemed like it kept getting caught. It would only get caught from a ""y"" to a ""B"" to an ""a"" because the gap of where the hoop moves to switch letters. The hoop and needle would keep going, but the ribbon was stuck and stayed put because of the thread. I was using all purpose thread instead of specific embroidery thread. I WOULD NOT recommend rayon with this machine, because for me it kept fraying until it broke was thin enough to break. Since I switched threads to embroidery thread (not rayon), it is not catching."
"Love, love, love my new machine! It does everything i needed it to do and more. With the greatest of ease!"
"I received this Saturday (thankfully I knew it was coming in as the mail carrier left it on my front porch in the rain instead of knocking on my door) and love it! It has some cute prebuilt in designs but I really only use the fonts. I bought about $20 worth of designs off of etsy ($1.05 a piece!) and they have been perfect. I've already embroidered one of my babies a blanket, one a onesie, two baby shower gifts, and my brother a shirt.

The issues I've had is with one design where for some reason it pulled the bobbin thread to the top, but I think that was my fault not the machines. I fiddled with it and it's been working fine since then. The other issue was it wasn't catching the stitches and was just poking holes in the fabric, but again I think that was my fault (well the bobbins - the thread had somehow came loose) and with a pull of the thread it was back working fine! It may have just been that design in all actuality, both issues were with the same design....

Overall, it's a wonderful machine and other than issues that I'm sure were my fault, it's been great! Even my husband loves to play with it."
my wife is very happy
"I LOVE THIS MACHINE.  MY DAUGHTER BOUGHT THIS SAME MACHINE LAST MONTH AND HAD NEVER USED ANY TYPE OF SEWING MACHINE.  I WAS ABLE TO TEACH HER HOW TO USE IT WITHIN 15 MINUTES AND SHE IS A WIZ AT IT NOW.  MY MACHINE WAS OVER 30 YEARS OLD AND AFTER USING HER NEW ONE, I JUST HAD TO HAVE ONE AND I LOVE IT FOR REGULAR SEWING AND EMBROIDERY SEWING."
"I purchased this machine to start embroidering and sewing - I had never done either before.
I am glad I purchased this to try this hobby out but now that I'm hooked on it, I'll get a larger machine.

The sewing piece works well and it's easy to convert this from sewing to embroidery and back again.

The embroidery features are easy to use and stitching turns out great.
I know the bigger machines will embroider faster but I was happy I purchased this one first.

The 4x4 size does limit your projects but starting out, it's great.
Now when I have a larger machine, I can have a large and small project going at the same time."
I LOVE THIS MACHINE
Sewing Machine is working great!  Product was as advertised and arrived in a timely manner.
"This is my second brother, first I bought in 1997, I am just now upgrading with the embroidery. Trusted quality from this company. Love. Love! Update, two years almost with this dream! After two quilts and countless mini tasked job of fixing my nephews blankie twice and hemming curtains ( super thick upholstery fabric) jeans and two gowns for my teenager, this is my best friend. I can not tell you how much Brother has done for me. Tried and true! Would never ever use a different brand!  I am not a paid spokesperson, nor have I ever received and free products from any company. Just a military wife looking for a good product, for a good value."
"I replaced my Brother he-1 embroidery only and Brother sc6600 sewing only machines with the se400 combination machine.  I love it!  The machine sews and monograms/embroiders beautifully.  It's very easy to use, even for beginners.  I think this is the perfect machine for personal use."
I love my machine..for little added touches to the grankids outfits! And it sews like a dream..if ya know what cha doing you can do bunches!
"I love it.  Ordered a Brother 770, returned it as it was broken.  I ordered this in its place.  works great"
A good investment for beginners and beyond.  I love it.  Any other machine would have been discouraging for me.
"I recently purchased this machine and have been using it almost non-stop since I got it.  While it works pretty well, I do have some complaints.  The thumb screw threads on the embroidery hoop stripped right away and I learned through contact with Brother International that with shipping it would cost nearly $14.00 to replace the screw and nut.  I consider that an exorbitant price for a little screw.  Also, the entire replacement hoop is rather expensive -- about $40.00 from Amazon and close to $60 from Brother.  Another thing that has been troubling is that I have found no way to keep it from skipping stitches and leaving loops on the face side of the design when the design calls for several layers of embroidery.  I really struggled with a design that had as many as 4 layers of embroidery in places.  I have had no prior experience with an embroidery machine, but I am a very experienced seamstress and think I know most of what to do to eliminate sewing problems -- things like needle size and thread tension.  The last complaint that I have is that the machine operation is not intuitive and the directions are skimpy.  I had quite a learning curve.

All of those things said, I am glad to have the machine.  Reviews that I read rated this machine above any that had larger hoop sizes; however, if I had it to do over, I would probably purchase a machine that accommodates larger hoops. I would also probably choose the Brother model that accommodates a flash drive.  All in all,  I like the machine well enough that I would not consider returning it."
"So, happy to finally get this! It works beautifully, I got more then I was anticipating I would get. totally worth the money!"
"Got it for my wife,  works great!  She loves it!!!  Shes embroidering EVERYTHING in site!"
I love this machine.
"Love, love this machine.  Still learning it, but a huge step up from what I had."
"Took it out of the box and was using it within 15 minutes.  I cheated and watched a lot of You-tube videos prior to getting it so I had a good idea what to do.  If you are a visual learner, like me, I found that You tube is the best way to research and see what will work for you. Also just found out I will be a grandmother for the first time and am looking forward to making many treasures on this machine. Very happy with my purchase."
this was a great purchase for my wife and she loves it.  She found a lot of help on you tube and is very happy with it
excellent service and very happy with the product
Wonderful machine.  I bought this machine for my wife for her birthday.  She's absolutely in love with it.  Very user friendly.
"I bought this machine as my first sewing machine once my mom got tired of loaning hers out. I love the ease of operation and simplicity of this machine. It can do a lot but it doesn't get too complicated to figure out. The embroidery function is really cool, especially when you upload your own designs that can be made with free software off the internet. It looks professional and really adds to the quality of your projects. My only complaint is that the foot presser is not the main way of controlling the speed of the machine, you can set the machines max speed with the slider on the front of the machine then go up to that speed with the foot presser but no higher. Its weird at first but you get used to it.  Its not particularly loud but I'm sure there are also quieter models out there. The embroidery hoop is on the small side but you can divide patterns into multiple parts and then line up the fabric to make a larger whole. Its not super easy to do but it can be done."
"It is a nice machine, but I am having difficulty learning out to write out more than one word.  You think you have it lined up and then when it starts the needle moves and your out of line again.  At the present time, I am continuously having to rethread the needle , it keeps breaking the thread for some reason?"
I've had this for a few years and I still love it.
I am thrilled with the machine.  It is easy to use.  You need to watch the video and read the manual.  Then it goes very well for you.  I have so many projects I plan to do.  It is great!
Good machine
This machine is great. I bought one a couple of years ago and loved it so much I bought one for my sister.  I love the cutter on the machine. Also this machine is very easy to sew on.
"This machine is absolutely amazing! I am just a beginner and was in a search of something basic however with slightly advanced features so that I won't need to upgrade in the near future. This machine fits this description just perfectly! It does have a sewing speed control regulator (a must for a beginner), a built in fonts for that extra edge and comes with everything necessary to get you started!"
I love using this machine.  It is self-explanatory in a lot of ways.  It makes my hobby even more enjoyable.
"This is my first embroidery machine. I would consider myself a confident beginner in the sewing industry and this fits me perfectly. It's extremely easy to use, the directions are very clear and it comes with a dvd that covers most of what's in the book. I have used it several times over the past couple months (although it does sew a straight stitch I use it only for embroidery) and I am very pleased at the results. It does come with 70 pre included designs but there are only a couple I actually like. However, I am able to hook up the USB cable and download any 4 x 4 design from etsy or anywhere else with no issue. I recently did a Curious George design I had purchased from Etsy and it came out very nice. Being a first timer I can already see I will want one with a bigger hoop eventually but for the price and all it can do I am extremely happy. I have 3 Brother machines and I'm very happy with all of them, absolutely great for a beginner."
My wife loves it!
I love it!
Love my new se400!
as described.... great product
Beginner in seeing and embroidery. Machine is easy to use and there are several online tutorials as well as a cd with the machine.
I am a beginner and this machine is so easy to use. I would recommend this to anyone just starting out!
"I researched and researched and went to local quilt shops and looked and tried machines  and thought and researched, I am sure you get the point.  I am just getting back into quilting but wanted to add embroidery to my projects.  So far this machine has been a dream.  The only problems I have had with it have been operator malfunction and the machine has told me so.  The manual has been easy to follow and informative."
for my neighbor who started a very special dog clothing series.  She loves it.
Good
LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine.  My life is changed forever!!!  :)
"This machine is awesome.  I did not know what I was missing till it I got this machine.  It runs the fabric through the machine beautifully!  My old machine had an automatic threader but I could never get it to work.  The threader on this machine is so easy to use.  As for the embroidery part,  I have found that easy to use as well.  You can also easily download new designs and transfer them to the machine.  I do wish it would Embroid a larger area than 4x4 but for the money the machine overall is great."
"Awesome machine for a self taught beginner! Look for YouTube videos rather than relying on just the manual and CDROM. I have done several different types of sewing projects. Use good quality thread. The only wishes I have are for a bigger embroidery area, more fonts for letters, and preloaded modern embroidery designs instead of old out of date designs."
Love this machine! I'm a beginner when it comes to embroidery and it is very easy to use with beautiful results.
Easy to use for all skill levels.  Would have given it 5 stars if it came with more fonts installed and or software to manipulate the fonts and upload as a pattern without the purchase of some VERY EXPENSIVE software. If you only want basic embroidery functions you'll be really happy with it.  Still an excellent machine!
"I am totally sold on Brother brand products. (As a side note: I've tried every brand of small office printer out there and only the two different Brother printers stood the test of both time and ink costs!)

This sewing machine is so fabulous. I'm not a seamstress by any means, but I like to get my craft on once in awhile and this machine has never disappointed me. It's never jammed, never frozen, never broken down. It simply does what it's supposed to do.
I admit, I have to read and re-read the instruction manual sometimes, especially if it's been awhile since I've done a complicated embroidery step, but it walks me through easily.

I like working with scrap denim, and this machine has been able to tackle the thickest seams with no problem. It's also a popular enough brand/style that finding accessories and files for it is easy. I've had this for years now and am still so happy I took the plunge and spent the extra on this style with the embroidery option. I've made Christmas presents the last two years on it -- one was personalized coffee warmers and last year was monogrammed tea towels.

I'm just starting a bit of quilting adventures and so far, although it was the lightest and cheapest machine at my quilting class, it has kept up just fine with all the heavier duty machines that cost $1,000+ more.
Great value, great machine."
Works Great I would buy this again
GREAT!!!
Definitely this is the best investment I have ever made in my sewing hobby.
"I haven't had a chance to use this machine to its full capability, but love it so far."
"Revising first review.  At first, was very pleased.  As time and projects have gone on I must state that I have never had a sewing machine with such a temperamental bobbin system.  Now when I sit and sew, I am filled with anxiety.  I can hear the bird nests churning under the hoop when embroidering.  The next dreaded occurrence is the material (whatever it may be) being pulled under the plate and the hour or so of trying to cut the wadded threads and cutting the material free.  Not fun unscrewing the plate and clearing away the threads!  This is occurring more and more.  It has been nearly a month of owning this machine, and I don't see a bright future with it.  Truly wanted this machine and read all the great reviews.  Seriously thinking of returning it since I don't want to be anxious when I sew and can't afford to be ruining projects and wasting time."
"Amazing sewing machine.  I purchased this as a replacement for my old machine.  It is fantastic.  Runs like a dream, is easy to use and has lots of bells and whistles.  I have no complaints.  I don't particularly enjoy sewing, but with this machine...it makes it fun."
"Real bad luck? I loved the machine and was very excited about it, but once I tried it I found it a bit complicated. Sewing stitches are not that nice finish and extra stitches can't be imported! twin needle broke after few seconds.
 May be I'm not so familiar with those machines.
just returned it."
"I love this machine, great for a hobbyist. But I can see why one would want two separate machines as it takes time to switch between sewing and embroidery."
"I have never sewn in my life and found this super confusing. I have learned how to thread and sew a name onto something but I mostly want this for embroidery and I wish it made it clear that in order to do monograms or most cool embroidery projects you will have to order monogram software like Monogram It separately ($100). Wish I had known that all along. With this size hoop it comes with, it will also only let me use the medium sized font and sometimes I KNOW the large font would fit in the hoop, the machine is just stupid. I'm still not sure how, or if it's even possible to use a larger hoop and thus a larger font. Since I'm new at this, I have nothing to judge it against, but I would think if it's an embroidery machine it could have more embroidery options (monograms for instance)"
Great machine
Works as advertise
"I love this machine. I have not used the embroidery yet , but am retiring from my job soon and will have lots of time to play with it. Sews smooth and perfect. Will only buy Brother, you can't beat  the reliability and price."
nice
"I'm pretty experienced at sewing, but an absolute novice at embroidery. This machine is a great intro to the world of embroidery, with a fantastic user manual that is written so even my husband is able use it- and he's never so much as touched a sewing machine before. There are even stickers on the machine itself instructing you how to thread the thing, which honestly is one of the trickiest parts of sewing sometimes.

The embroidery designs are pretty basic, but you can download better ones (and create your own, if you have the programming) if you want."
"I like to write reviews after I have actually tried something. I have had my machine for about a month and though I'm still learning I really like it. The biggest complaint I have are the manuals. They really don't tell the consumer how to troubleshot a problem. While embroidering my machine would end up catching the fabric in the bottom on the machine where the bobbin is located. I found some really nice and helpful people on Etsy.com and they told me my tension was too tight, so that problem get resolved quickly. Another problem I have experienced it my machine has unthreaded while embroidering. It's really awful because the machine will stop but cannot go back and redo what it missed. I recommend always doing a test run before starting the finished product. All in all this is a good machine for someone starting out like myself. Though I can't always find my answers in the owner's manual THANK GOD for Youtube and Etsy!"
This is I bought for my daughter and she loves it and makes some great stuff with it
"I've done a few little projects with this and it works very good. Have to be a little creative at time if you want to make bigger thing. I put my grand son's name on his pack pack straps, names on things but I've mostly done birth information on blankets for the new babies in the family. The drop in bobber is nice, the threading is easy and it is very smooth. If you can only have one machine and embroidery and price are important then this is a good way to go."
Like my Machine.
"I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!! it tells you when the bobbin is about to run out, it has a needle down/up option, embroiders and more!!! Worth every penny"
"Well done. Priced right, delivered on time, as described. Great!"
Wife enjoys it very much.
I love this sewing machine.  I'm looking to upgrading to one with a larger embroidery area this one is only 4 x 6
Great!
"I received the SE400 for my birthday in March 2014 and was very excited to get it. I had researched different machines and SE400 was in the right price range and also was a basic sewing machine. What a deal! After receiving the machine I read the instruction manual cover to cover as I really wanted everything to go smoothly with my first usage. I did not jump in to the embroidery yet as I wanted to get a good feel for the basic machine. The first project I decided to make was a pieced lap quilt. After about 5 minutes something made a loud noise and the needle broke. I have been sewing for a bit and a broken needle is not uncommon so I placed a new needle in and continued. I ended up breaking 4 needles in 3 hours. I called Brother and they recommended that I take it in for repairs. I did and there was a small rough place on the bobbin case that needed to be filed down.

Ok, I got my machine back so back to business... After using the machine for a few weeks here is what I found:

Sewing function

Pros -  automatic threader is wonderful! Use it exactly as it says and it never misses.

 Fairly good lighting, not the best but decent

 Easy to wind bobbin and insert

 Threading the machine is quick and simple

 Placing a different foot on - Simple and quick

Cons - My biggest complaint is this: When you change to the piecing stitch it adjust the needle to the right so you
  get the "" seam allowance. I was using a brother genuine "" foot (it has the edge to place the fabric up
  against) that I purchased separately and is listed in the instruction book, when I turned the machine off it
  automatically resets the needle to the original position. This causes the needle to come down and hit the foot
  breaking the needle when you turn the machine back on unless you remember to reset the stitch again. I ended up
  releasing the foot so I would remembered to reset the stitch when I came back to the machine.  This is true pain
  as I broke many needles. You can get in the habit of turning the wheel by had to make sure it won't hit the foot
  or the plate. My problem was remembering to do that when I came back to sewing.

  There is no extension table available. If you have ever used one you know what I mean.

  End of thread signal for bobbin - Not consistent. Sometimes it would be empty and sometimes there would be quite
  a lot left.

  Cleaning the bobbin area is very time consuming. To really clean it well you have to unscrew the plate.
  Unscrewing the plate is frustrating at times. It comes with a circular tool to do this with. I have very small
  hands and there isn't much room. I can't image someone with larger hands being able to do it very well. Cleaning
  the bobbin area in this machine is very important. If there is any amount of lint build up you will be getting
  lots of ""nests"" on the back of your project.

Embroidery Function

Pros- Very easy to learn and operate

  Beautiful designs (when everything is working well)

  Easy to restart if the thread breaks and you have to re-thread and restart. You must read the manual to really
  learn how to do this but after you have, it's easy.

  Attaching the embroidery arm is very simple and easy

  Uploading designs is a very simple task

Cons-

  Thread - This is a biggie, this machine is the pickiest machine I have ever used when it comes to thread. Use a
  thread it doesn't like and you are begging for problems. From thread breakage, bobbin tension issues, to skipped
  stitches. It will do it all if it doesn't like the thread. The problem is finding a thread it likes! I ended up
  buying a bobbin case just to adjust to certain threads and ordered Polystar thread. It seems ok with Polystar but
  it barely tolerates it.

  Thread Color - sometimes the color it states is off. This may be a personal preference but it was really off on
  a couple. I corrected this by looking at the design and using the forward arrows on the display and checking it
  with the thread color to make sure it was correct.

  Hoop - Sometimes it is downright impossible to hoop your material correctly. The hoop is very hard to tighten.
  Again I have small hands and it was hard to be able to turn the screw to tighten. I can't imagine it for someone
  with larger hands.

Biggest Con of all - I had to take it to the repair shop 3 times in 5 months for adjustments (needles breaking, tension
  constantly off etc.) When the 4th time rolled around I wrote amazon a letter stating the problems I was having
  with the machine. I got lucky they said they would refund my money and sent me a shipping label. After
  discussing  the situation with the repair operator at my local shop (they sell Brother Machines), he suggested I
  purchase a separate sewing machine and embroidery machine. The SE400 isn't really able to handle heaving
  sewing and I really didn't want to put out 5,000.00 plus for one that could handle both. He said I would wear
  the SE400 out in a short period of time with the sewing and embroidering I was doing. I'm not in any sort of
  sewing and embrodiery business, I just like to sew. So I was wearing the poor thing out!

Now I realize that the last statement was his opinion but it really made since to me. So I purchased a Janome for basic sewing/quilting and after much thought a Brother Designio DZ820E embroidery only machine (it's suppose to arrive tomorrow). I decided on the DZ820E because I did liked the basic embroidery function of the SE400 when it worked correctly. I liked the ease of use and for what I want the price of the DZ820E is very attractive. I'm really hoping that all will be well with my new embroidery machine!

Summing it up the three stars are for these reasons: When the SE400 worked, it worked beautifully. If you are looking for a sewing/embroidery machine to use occasionally (light use) then it may be for you. But if you are planning on doing more sewing/embroidering then you might want to keep looking. I don't feel like this machine is made for medium to heavy use. I use my machine approximately four hours every night for the first three weeks and this proved too much for the SE400. I also don't feel like the machine should have problems with so many brands of thread. I tried some of the threads that received 4 and 5 stars and people raved about them, only to have my SE400 skip stitches, get big nests and break. I also found taking a new sewing machine to the repair shop approximately one a month to be, well to be quite ridiculous! I would like to say that when I changed to schmetz needles from what came with the machine, it helped a lot with the needle breakage. It also helped if I didn't use universal but more specific to the material type needles and if I changed them out frequently."
"I bought this machine a year ago.  It has been to the repair shop four times.  I tried to load one of my own logos- needles broke, machine nests, material that I was embroidering was ripped and I had to throw it away, the machine stopped working numerous times.  I also tried doing simple embroidery of 5 machine letters- letters that were already in the machine-  Nesting, breaking needles, destroyed two pieces of clothing.
Repair shop tells me nothing can be done- after two weeks of waiting each time for the travelling repair man to look at my machine.
 I wish this machine would work.  It would be nice to get something for my money."
"I have had this sewing machine for three years, and I'm a casual sewer, a person who might use a machine every day for a week to complete a project, and then put it away for a month. About a month ago, it stopped auto-threading. No biggie. I had always threaded my machines before, so I could thread the machine by hand now. Today I received an error message: ""The safety device has been activated."" I looked in the manual, which told me ""the upper thread has become tangled around the bobbin case, and the needle is bent and hitting the needle plate, etc."" Yes, etc. Their words. None of these things was in fact happening, but the machine won't run. AT ALL. I called customer service, and since it is over a year, it is not covered by the warrantee. I called the nearest repair shop (a 45 minute drive away on a highway notorious for traffic jams) and found out that it will cost $219 in labor to fix, and that does not include parts. And it will take at least 10 days to fix. The shop owner said that dealer machines are different from on-line deals because they are better made and have longer warrantees. I guess I'll have to get out my used Singer machine that I bought in 1976 and was still running when I treated myself to a new machine with built-in embroidery stitches."
"very simple machine to use. with all the you tube out there, it makes embroidery a fun experience. A lot of great  features. I love Brother products as their customer service is excellent. I did not give it 5 stars because the quilting feature is disappointing. To quilt you need to remove the hoop arm attachment and when doing so, you have a very small working area. I also have a 6000 Brother quilting machine and will be going back to using that one and keep the other for embroidery only. I wanted this to  do embroidery as well as quilting and the product description stated I could do both.  What it did not say is that I would be limited with the quilting. Sadly, if I would have known, I would not have purchased this machine as embroidering is not that important to me. Now that I am stuck with this product and all the accessories I bought, I will have to make do."
Love my embroidery machine.  One day I may can get one with a larger hoop.
"Love this machine, simple to use and results look great!!"
I love this machine!
Loving my new Brother!
"I am very happy with my sewing machine.don't known why it took me so long to get it,i've done so much embroidery."
"I've rarely used a sewing machine and I do not know how to sew very well.  I had this for years on my shelf, just sitting then about a month ago I took it down. One step at the time, with the detailed book in hand I got the bobbin together, threaded it up and sewed a few stitches. About an hour later, the machine had embroidered a cute little heart, then a butterfly, then I got fancy and did the little cat in colors and today I grabbed some free embroidery designs from Brother.com and moved them into my machine and it's ready to go with an American flag. I love this thing. It is simple. Even though I still can't get it to thread itself. So very, very simple. I bought an Embroidex set of 15 feet, a bias tape making foot, and a ruffler foot. I can't leave it alone. Wow, the things you can make if you can sew a straight line.  It is limitless in it's capabilities, at least to me.  I don't see me needing another machine for sewing but I am looking at sergers and felting machines."
"I have been sewing for over years and worked with various machines and gadgets but never owned my own embroidery machine before.  I finally decided I do so many gifts where the personalization is such a great gift (and I was spending a fortune having others do it or buying iron on letters that wear out) that it was time to just get my own.  It is wonderful!  I am so happy I found this machine!  Even if you don't need the extra sewing feature, I recommend this model over the PE500 just because the stitching is so nice and the machine is so user friendly!  My sewing machine is a fairly new mid grade Janome and the features of this Brother machine blow it out of the water!  It is very simple to use and I was embroidering after just the quick setup and run own of instructions!  Now I'm looking around my house to decide what else I can personalize tonight!"
"I bought this for my mother, who has sewed her whole life. She has always has a pretty basic Singer sewing machine, but I wanted to get her something she could use for embroidery as well, which she has never done. She loves that this Brother sewing machine has automatic threading, and that it cuts the thread. She hasn't even started using the fancy stuff, but so far she is really impressed with the machine even as a sewing machine. So, at this price point, it really is a steal for all the functions you get and the amazing stuff you can do with it. I think it is a great machine because not only does it make it easy for anyone to get started sewing, but they can grow with the machine into the fancy stuff without much more investment."
The machine is excellent. It was money well spent.  Thanks Amazon.
One of the best sewing machines out now. Dock one star because I felt instructions were not adequate. Spent a lot of time as the tech support.
"Was mailed and received within a week. This machine is everything I had hoped for and more. I am a beginner sewer, but am looking forward to using the embroidery functions soon. And as a beginner, I love that this machine is user-friendly. My 15 year old daughter became really excited when she saw it; she is asking for her own for Christmas."
good
"Incredible sewing machine, I had no problem with it, It's very appropriate for beginners, I just read the manual and started sewing."
This is a great machine for me a beginner at embroidery
Wonderful
as described
Enjoying my Embroidery Machine.
Haven't used it yet but all advertised was included
"I spend more time fixing it than sewing.  First it was this little piece inside that came dislodged, kind of a felted piece right under the needle.  Took me a while to figure it out. Then a needle in the motor with a hook, that was loose.  Had to pull it all apart to finally figure out that was in the way.  Needless to say, disappointed!"
"Purchased this machine for my wife on her birthday.  After struggling with her old machine and getting frustrated every time she tried to sew something now she is delighted every time she embarks on a new project for our grand kids or just around the house crafts.  The machine does it all, embroidery, hem, sew.. It even threads the needle for her!
This year I batted a home run for her birthday."
Love my machine would recommend buying it. I use it to sew and embroider. Embroidery adds great effects to my quilts.
Returned the machine because of a default in the bobbin
Great
perfect machine
This machine rocks. Have that for few month already and still love it.
Bought this for my wife who carried on about the one at Joann Fabrics.  I researched this one extensively and know it has the best features for the price; but then she never opened it.  I know this machine from hundreds of women reviewers who loved it. Im disappointed only in her disinterest.
Highly recommended!
"Amazing, this is a great machine and it works just as it was supposed to! I am a beginner and advanced sewing friends have complimented me on the machine once they have seen it. It sews a strait stitch and the tension is great! I love the bobbin threading and the needle threading features and the number of accessories is great!"
goood
"Very easy to learn.  Read the instruction manual before attempting any bobbin or top threading.  I haven't sewn anything in about 40 years, so computerized machines are new to me.  I love the fact that I can just push a button to start sewing.  Keep your manual close if you are new to computerized machines.  I have to use it for the LCD icons so I can find the stitch I want to use.  Tried the embroidery foot to embroider a name.  It worked great.  Not sure about the embroidery card and how to purchase or use it.  Needs another manual for just the embroidering.  I read online that embroidery software is needed to use cards and to download different designs.  Also, a certain type of format is needed for the Brother embroidery design.  I wish there was a manual to explain all about getting and using designs that are not already installed."
Love it!
"I love this little machine!  My friend had one and I had to go out and get one too!  For the cost, it does exactly what I need it to do!"
I love my new machine! I have only had it a week and haven't gotten to the embroidery part but I am so ha[[y! There is a learning curve so be sure to read everything and watch the dvd!
you can not browse or download your favor patterns into this sewing machine.
very good
quiet....haven't had a chance to embroidery yet.
"I absolutely adore this machine. I'd never embroidered in my life and always wanted to get into it but the hobby was cost prohibitive - until I ran into this beauty. The first thing that stuck out at me were the great reviews. The low cost scared me a bit but the reviews backed it up so I took the plunge.

Within minutes of having the machine, I was able to run my first test embroider using one of the built-in patterns. Be mindful that if you have never embroidered before, this machine does not come with everything you need to get started. You'll need to purchase embroidery thread and stabilizers separate. It does come with enough bobbin thread to get you started.

Not satisfied with just the built-in patterns, I wanted to start digitizing my own right away. I looked at the Brother software but it cost more than the machine so I opted for Embird which you can buy in pieces as needed. I'm a pretty fast learner, so your mileage may vary, but I was able to jump right into digitizing and start producing custom pieces right away. I'm over the moon with the results, I never imagined I could do what I'm currently doing with a machine this gentle on my wallet. I recommend it to anyone who wants to get started with embroidery.

I'm going to try the applique feature tonight, I cannot wait!"
I love this machine.
I was squealing like a little girl when I received my new Brother SE400! It works so very well and came equipped with anything and everything you could ever need (except a plethora of embroidery thread colors). This is definitely a machine worth buying!
"I love this machine. It is so easy to use and it does so much, I haven't had time to try out everything, but what I have tried was easy and fun. I have always like the Brother brand and this is no different. It is a good sturdy machine that fulfills all my personal sewing needs. I would definitely recommend this machine to my friends."
"Before this machine I had been using a brother VX1400 for five years, and switching to this one was an absolute dream. I have a very cramped sewing space so the autosew button is an amazing option for me. I've made a few embroidery designs and this machine made them wonderfully. And although the embroidery space is small, it is plenty for most designs. This machine has (I believe) over 0 stitch designs, and each of them can be modified on the touchscreen to be fatter, thinner, as well as more and less dense, which is another wonderful feature. The only issue I have is that sometimes if there is a particularly detailed embroidery and the file gets too large (even if it stays within the 4x4 parameters) it won't show up on the machine. That's a mild issue however. I use this machine for cosplay and recommend it to anyone who is looking for the same."
I am still learning how to do stuff but so far I am amazed with what this machine is capable of. Definitely worth the money in my eyes. I was sewing and embroidering within the first week of having it. I have never  embroidered in my life until this came into my lap. Great value!
I got this as a Christmas gift from my husband and it is very easy to use.  I hope to make lots of gifts for my family using this machine.
"Love this machine, I'm disabled and this machine sews on its own, thats right, it sews on its own, the best machine I've ever laid my hands on, I wish they have came out with this 30 years ago, the other name brand machines do not amount to this one."
"I've had my sewing machine for about a month now and so far I'm loving it.. The only problem I see with owning an embroidery sewing machine is, I spending lots of money on thing I want to embroidery .. ;)  I just ordered the small hoop and I just got 40 spools of thread..

The shipping was fast and like I mentioned, I'm loving it.."
"I had read the reviews, but I really didn't know what to expect with this machine. After all, I paid $700 or more for my beloved Janome YEARS ago, and it's just a basic, although very good, machine. I wanted to try embroidery, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money, so I took a chance.  I'd also read that this machine and the ""Project Runway"" version are basically the same apart from logos and a bag. I didn't want a branded bag, and I felt I could buy the extras cheaper.

It was a little overwhelming when I first set up the machine. There's a little bit of learning curve involved with anything new, and I certainly haven't used all the features yet. So far, however, I've been very impressed. The stitching is good, the display is easy to see, and there are lots of diagrams on the machine itself to remind you how to thread it. I'm already in love with the automatic threading feature.  Today my daughter and I watched as the machine embroidered a little dog pattern for her, and then a floral pattern for me. It did a very nice job, certainly good enough to put on a shirt, etc, and only took about 5 minutes for each.

A few things to note:

Be prepared to take some time to learn what you're doing. I read the book (rather than watch the DVD, so I can't comment about it).  I've sewn for almost 40 years now on everything from a treadle to modern machines, but there are some things about this machine that are a little different, and of course you have to learn how to set the different features if you haven't used a Brother machine before.  I don't think I'd buy this machine for a young beginner; for them I'd go with a more basic sewing machine with fewer parts to lose.  For an adult or teen, however, this is a good machine as long as the person isn't overwhelmed by the instruction manual.

This machine has a good many little parts that you'll need to store somewhere, as well as your embroidery thread, etc.  I looked for a cabinet for it, but haven't found one yet. (Perhaps there is one out there.) Having a cabinet with places to store everything would be extremely helpful.

I purchased stabilizer, a box of pre-wound bobbins, and a large box of embroidery thread, as well as extra needles, when I bought the machine.  Go ahead and get these things, as well as a hard cover if you want one.  I didn't get a larger embroidery hoop; this one will be fine for now although I may get a larger one in the future.

There are some cute patterns that come already loaded on the machine, but many of them are simply script for monograms. (These are nice, but probably not useful to everyone.) There's a cat, dog, some seasonal things, flowers, etc.  I've already been looking online for more patterns. I can see that it would be easy to become a ""collector"" of patterns.  The Brother site has some interesting patterns, but there are lots of other sites, including places with free patterns.  I haven't downloaded any yet.

All in all, I've been pleasantly surprised by this machine. Until now, the only dealing I'd had with a Brother machine had been a very inexpensive one that honestly left a lot to be desired.  This machine, however, is much better quality and seems to be a good value for the money.  Time will tell if it will stand up as well as my vintage Singer and 10+ year old Janome."
MY WIFE IS THE ONE WHO PICKED THIS SEWING MACHINE OUT. SHE JUST LOVES IT BECAUSE IT'S SO EASY TO OPERATE.
"I bought this machine for my wife's birthday. She was thrilled, and has become more and more pleased with it the more she's used it. I can only hope it lasts for decades like her last machine did."
"I have never had a nice sewing machine before, I was sewing on a 35 year old sewing machine. This Brother  SE400 sings, it sews so smooth, even threads the needle which is amazing, I am so happy, all I want to do is sew, Excellent Machine"
"Years ago my mother taught me how to sew...well, lets just say I made one dress that I never wore.  I decided to buy this machine so that I could do some minor sewing.  I watched the video and figured out how to thread the machine and wind the bobbin.  Also tried out the embroidery hoop.  The video really helped me and I have now been able to make a few gifts using my new skills on the machine!  This machine is sooooo easy.  It threads the needle for me and I don't even use the foot pedal that I never quite got used to sewing on mother's older machine.  This is a very easy machine to use and I just love it!!"
Ever since I got this my wife has been goin around the house repairing clothing items. She's never sewn in her life so I was skeptical about getting such an advanced machine but with the help of YouTube she was sewing in no time. She hasn't used the embroidery feature yet but she has sewn a bunch of gifts for friends.
Love lots of varieties of stitches even I don't use it yet. Hopefully its working good. Too bad they don't include the cover for that machine.
Bought to embroider names on shirts for work. The quality of the embroidered letters are terrible. It would look better if I used a marker to write the names on the shirts. I have done 7 shirts and I would be embarrassed to wear any of them. The last shirt got stuck in the machine and tore a big hole in it. Most of the user manual is about threading the machine and different types of straight stiches. No directions on using the touch screen for embroidering. The included DVD was useless. You can get better instructional videos on You Tube. This purchase was a waste of time and money.
"My machine arrived well packed and undamaged.  The cost was just slightly little higher (by about $40.00) than local machines of the same model at a local discount department store.  the machine was new and unopened but I have not yet sewn on it to rate its performance.

However, the ad proclaimed free shipping and my receipt showed a lower price for the machine with shipping added which brought it up to the price advertised with ""free shipping"" price.  I was a little taken aback and considered this to be somewhat false advertising.  I will not buy from this dealer a second time."
"Yes, if you really get into embroidery, you will want to eventually upgrade to a larger frame area. But this is a great machine to get started on. The manual is extremely detailed and easy to follow, and downloading new designs is a snap. Make sure you have the right thread and needles, and thread it properly, and it should work beautifully. It's also a fantastic sewing machine.

(Long time Husqvarna owner, got this to get started in embroidery without the husqvarna cost and am so happy I did!)"
"I'm upgrading from a pretty basic and older Kenmore, so some of the features that I love have been standard for a while.  That said, I LOVE the auto threader, drop-in bobbin and embroidery abilities.  I got my machine last night, and after a few minutes learning how to use the threader, I was sewing.  The quick start manual isn't too bad, but I did have to refer to the full manual for a couple of things since I couldn't decipher the pictures.  Stitches were beautiful and the machine is soooo quiet.  Switching to embroidery, I again needed a few extra minutes to figure out how to install the foot, but then it was smooth sailing.  Even without the interfacing and my scrap fabric not quite fitting the hoop, I embroidered three letters very easily and it looks great.  Of course it will be even better with interfacing, but fantastic for a quick sample.  I can't wait to try out the software connection for my own images (going to try Digitize N Stitch software)  Very happy with my purchase - oh, my husband's purchase for me :-)  He's the best!"
"I wanted to wait awhile to post my review after I had given the machine a good workout.

First of all, the machine is pretty easy to use. I didn't know the slightest thing about embroidering and I was embroidering within an hour of opening the box and reading the instructions. I love that it comes with pretty much everything you need to get started except stabilizer, thread (it even comes with bobbin thread!) and projects to sew. My first impressions after owning it for a few weeks were for 5 stars, especially for the price.

However, the reason I am rating it lower is the quality. If your thread gets wrapped around the spool or caught on something, watch out! The needle will probably break and there is a chance your machine will too. After all of this happens, the machine will give an error of something to the effect of a safety feature has been activated, but it would have been nice if that happened BEFORE the needle breaks. I have to imagine that even the most experienced sewers have issues with the thread getting caught, so I don't feel like this is all on me and the machine should be designed to do a better job of handling this. I feel like the machine should be able to withstand thread getting caught and a needle break without breaking itself..

For me, eventually after a needle break a metal clip slipped out of where the needle goes in and I was not able to put in a new needle. I called Brother to tell them what happened and they wanted me to drive it an hour away to see if they were willing to pay for it to be fixed or not. Keep in mind that I had only done a handful of projects at this point and only owned the machine about 6 weeks. Luckily, I called Amazon and they sent me a new machine right away and had me return the old one. When the new one arrived, it also broke after the thread go caught and broke the thread cutter, but I was able to figure out how to fix that.

This is not my first bad experience with Brother. At work we had a Brother printer that literally caught fire 1 day after the 1 year warranty period expired, Brother refused to do anything about it because it was out of warranty. I also own a brother label maker that you need to remove the batteries every time you use it because it drains them even after you turn it off.

Had I not already invested so much in other supplies, I would have probably decided to return the machine and call it quits. I am keeping my fingers crossed that this one will survive and be VERY careful on the thread catching.

While we are on the topic of other supplies, here is what else you will need to buy to get started:

Thread: I purchased this set and I have been pretty happy with it. http://www.amazon.com/Polyester-Embroidery-Beautiful-Babylock-Husqvarna/dp/B0035DBUPS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1401827082&sr=8-1&keywords=embroidery+thread
The only time it breaks, is when it gets caught or the design is too heavy, HOWEVER, the spools have little spurs on them that you will want to file down, or they will catch and make the needle break. There is pretty much a color at least close to any that I have wanted with the exception of a dark red. Another tip, the machine comes with 3 different spool holders, you will want to use a bigger one that what comes on the machine, or the thread will get caught.

Needles - To avoid thread breakage, you will want to replace your needle every 8 hours or so. I am pretty frugal so I tried to stretch this limit and its just not a good idea. Spring for a 10 pack for $3.00 on Amazon.

Stabilizer - It looked like almost everyone was buying tear away stabilizer with the machine, so I did too. It was a bad choice. If you are doing T-shirts or a heavy design, I recommend cut away because it will hold the design even after washing.
You will want to buy cut away stabilizer. I bought this: http://www.amazon.com/Cut-Away-Machine-Embroidery-Stabilizer/dp/B005NX5OQ4/ref=sr_1_cc_2?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1401827462&sr=1-2-catcorr&keywords=cutaway+stabilizer and it as worked well. I think they make them in smaller than 8x8 sheets, but hooping is super frustrating, so you will want the 8x8 to give you more room for error.

You will also want to buy an iron on stabilizer to iron on the inside of a shirt so it doesnt scratch the person wearing it. It also helps hold the design together in the washer to it doesnt pucker. I even put some of this one the back of the first shirt I did with tear away stabilizer that puckered REALLY bad and this seemed to help quite a bit.

You also need spray on adhesive. I thought I would try and get away without it, but your designs will pucker if you don't have the stabilizer secured to your fabric.

Planning to embroider towels? You will also need a wash away stabilizer. You will want to use this on TOP of the towel so that the stitches don't sink in. I used two sheets on a fluffy new towel and 1 sheet on an old towel we had around the house.

So, in the end, plan to spend another $100 right off the bat when buying an embroidery machine, UNLESS you want to make custom designs and add names to images, then you will probably want to spend at least another $100, the lettering feature on the brother machine is worthless and requires you to re-hoop for longer words which is pretty much impossible if you expect everything to line up in my opinion.

Other tips:
Use the screwdriver included to really tighten the needle and feet on and check them often, otherwise they will vibrate loose.

The designs that come with the machine are not very useful unless you are still living in 1990.

Bunnycup and Planet Applique are my favorite sites for downloads. They have a few free designs to get you started.
EFP is a free software offered by embroidery designs that will allow you to add words to pictures, but it is a bit clunky. The designer does offer online classes once per week that I found very helpful, but I have a degree in computers. I have gotten a few bad designs from embroidery designs, but they were free and the customer service has been VERY attentive and helpful.

Your machine normally takes PES designs, but it will also read DST files. This is good to know if you create files using EFP because you cannot save directly to a PES. I was using their converter that lets you convert up to 5 files per month free, but it turns out I didn't need to. It does take a bit longer for the machine to read the design though.

I have done about 15 projects to date and I have yet to pay for a design.

Play Play Play! You probably won't get it right on your first try, but for every mistake you make, you will learn a valuable lesson. Our dollar store has T-shirt for $1 and my son has a collection of badly embroidered shirts, but he doesnt care because he is 4 :).

I bought the machine because I thought it could save me money in the long run with grandparent gifts, baby gifts and years of birthday parties my kids will likely get invited to. After owning the machine for 2 months, I calculate that I have earned back about  of the costs I have spent on the machine and supplies already.

I should mention that I haven't even tried to use the machine to sew with. It looks like it has a LOT of great features and even comes with a TON of different feet that I didn't even know existed. If Brother would support their products a bit better, this would be a fantastic buy!"
"Like I siad I'm no seamstress, far from it. I have been working on what is called ""Ren Garb"" this is basically what you see worn at renaissance faires. Though it's not done I can say that I love using my sewing machine to make it. The machine is as idiot proof as can be, and I'll be honest I'm a sewing idiot so this is a good thing. I can't really mess the machine up which since I'm always afraid I'll break it anything I don't understand that pretty good. I've even done some boning with it on one of the pieces I'm working on. I do truly love this machine and once I have the time I'm going to start working on embroidery too."
Love machine .... perfect begginers so that they do not get frustrated trying to learn and yet gives them enough to expand.
"I am not be any means a seamstress. I do not know my way around a sewing machine. I have done simple projects I have seen on the internet and just learned last week how to use the automatic threader after owning a sewing machine for 10 years. That being said, this machine is amazing and simple to use. I highly recommend it to anyone that has a basic knowledge of sewing, but is intimidated by a large machine. I have embroidered several t-shirts for my kids on it from patterns I downloaded online. It is so simple. Really. The book that comes with it could use some work to explain things, but lucky for you and me there are some amazingly patient people out there that have made videos online to show how to download patterns and do appliqus. I would buy the same machine again and I am happy with my purchase."
Love this machine very good it love the price  very good product  I made 6 things on it I do a lot of embroidery on
I received my machine haven't used it much yet but i love it. I am new to embroidery and will write another view after i use the feature. I love love love the computerized features!!!
This is the nicest sewing machine I have ever had.  The thought of having a sewing AND embroidery machine all in one is great.  It runs so beautifully! I love it very much!
This is a great machine for beginners. The instructions are clear and precise. It is simple to thread and load the bobbin. It also guides you with prompts if you make a mistake.
"I can't believe I had not written a review on this machine! I absolutely love it! There is a learning curve to the stabilizers to use and the online designs available, but the machine does a great job. It also has the conveniences we all love in sewing machines these days like the auto thread cutter! It sews great and it embroiders great and the price is unbelievable!"
"This is so easy to use, straight out of the box.  I love it that it is light enough to pick up with one arm so I can shift it around when I need to. Good even stitches and buttonholes are a snap..don't know about snaps, though.  Can't beat it for the price and lots of accessories are available for special projects."
"I am having way too much fun with this machine. it is very user friendly, amazing features, amazing finishes, and it does an amazing job. YOU HAVE TO BUY the small hoop. I have used the small hoop more tan the 4x4 included. I bought the smaller hoop here on amazon and turned out great, i wouldnt have been able to monogram smaller objects without it. i am completely INLOVE with this mchine"
"My old manual machine died after a long life and 3 generations in my family. Sewing was a pain with my old machine: it jammed, it didn't do button holes, it didn't do much of anything besides sew a line (which I would end up ripping out three times to get it right).

The Brother SE400 is AMAZING. Sewing is fun again! It has so many stitch options (I thought I wouldn't use them, but having the option is nice - I find I DO use them afterall). It has all the pieces and parts to sew zippers and button holes (a breeze!! So much easier than how I learned in home-ec so many years ago!).

And the price.... $400 LESS than the sewing store, the only difference being this doesn't have Disney embroidery designs."
"Totally value for money, we acquired this unit from the USA for use in the UK. We had to buy a rectifier to change the voltage as an extra but it is great."
"This sewing machine is great in quality and ease of use. It sews great and the embroider is wonderful, I use it to embroider promotional business clothing. The needle threader is an awesome time saver."
I had another brother that was basic . I like the fact this is a sewing and embroidery machine . It's a great value for multitasking .
"I did a lot of researching various machines before I bought this one.  I am very pleased with it.  I bought this a few months ago, and have done a few projects on it and it has never let me down.  I mostly use it for embroidery, because I have an older 1949 White I like to do most of my sewing on, but the stitches have come in handy also.  Reading the instruction manual really helped me out a lot, and the quick reference guide is great.  I wanted a machine that would be mostly for small embroidery projects with simple stitches and buttonholes, and I got a great deal.  I am still pretty new at sewing, but it adds a nice bit of flair to small projects for friends and family.

Just wanted to add a small update-
I accidentally broke a needle doing something stupid while the embroidery stitching was running (I used tiny scissors to cut the ends of the starting threads, but the pattern zigged unexpectedly when it previously was only zagging)(I am very new to sewing and occasionally do random things I'm sure experienced seamstresses would slap me for). The machine stopped and the needle was broken in 3, so I was worried that I had broken my machine, too.  No worries, as I lifted the faceplate and the bobbin holder thing and found the middle part of the broken needle easily, put everything back together (including a new needle), and everything was still in order.  My fears of easily breaking this machine are somewhat abated, but I don't plan on sticking needles or any other solid objects in the path of the needle again.  Aside from that, zero issues with either sewing or embroidery projects, during or after."
"Was able to sew within  a few hours after unpacking the machine and reading the manual, I was able to wind and install the bobbin. following the instructions and guides on the machine, it was fun and simple to thread the machine for the first time and sew a sample fabric. Looking forward to using the embroidery features for the first time after I order some additional accessories. After researching this item for months, I am happy I chose this model."
"My husband purchased this for me as a gift. This machine is everything advertised and more. It is a dream! The built in designs were quickly outgrown, but the world of free designs is endless with the computer connectivity. I have had it for 2 months and am as enthusiastic now as I was when I opened the box! I can see that in time, I may pass this on to my daughter and get a larger hoop machine :-)"
"Very disappointing is this long time quilters opinion. I read the reviews both here and on other sites and thought it a decent buy. Please, buyer beware.

I waited for years to make this addition to my Kenmore sewing machine. After reading the manuals, carefully operating this machine, I cannot get the feed dogs to raise and lower. The tension wheel does not change the tension. I followed the instructions to remedy the tension listed in the book. I tried to call but sat on hold and never got an answer. Sent an e-mail. No response.

Amazing how it continued to work until I threw the original packing away, and the return time expired after 30 days.

I will have to drive an hour to take it to the nearest authorized service center I did get at their website.

Others have had the same problem especially with the tension. They get it serviced then works for a while then gone again."
"I am a novice at embroidery, so this machine is a good starter one.  However, I was disappointed that I now must purchase software to be able to edit designs that I purchase on the internet.  It's not the fault of the machine, but mine as I should have purchased a machine that could do more.  I plan to keep this machine and also upgrade.  The product is fine.  The support is great and the CD instructions were very clear."
It is a joy to use.  Love it!!!!  Get this machine.  You won't regret your purchase.  $299.00 was a good price so if you get it cheaper good for you :)
"Garbage, machine could not even wind a bobbin right. It is almost as if it was a remanufactured or returned machine. I would not recommend buying this garbage machine. I traded it for a Brother Innova 950D."
"All what I wanted! amazing and very easy to use, no very happy with the build in embroider designs, but the letters and fonts are perfect."
"I'll admit when I first tried this machine I hadn't used one since junior high, but unless you're a pro at figuring out the correct tension, you'll hate this machine. Even once I got the tension adjusted and sewed a nice seam, the very next seam would be all loopy on the back side....this is on the same fabric with no settings changed. Explain that lol. Anyways, I found that I was ripping out seams nearly every other seam so I returned it. I ended up purchasing a very nice Janome and now I've finished 3 quilts already with no problem. You really do get what you pay for. I'm giving it two stars because for an inexpensive machine, this has a pretty decent embroidery unit."
"I am in the beginner class of indivuduals that sew. I needed something that was both easy and reasonable in cost. I looked at Singers and Brother and for what I wanted this machine won hands down! I did spend a little more than I had originally intended, but now that I have had a chance to use a few of the options (not even scratching the surface of what this machine can do) I do not know why I did not get one sooner! Let me list the ""pros"" I have found so far...

1. The absolute easiest to thread a needle. You just follow the numbered steps right on the machine and it helps to cut the thread to the length needed. Then push down on a lever and presto! it is threaded.  The same with the bobbin,.

2. The LCD screen is easy to read and provides more options that anyone I know of could ever want, including stitch length, width, etc.

3. The button hole attachment, coupled with the selections already programmed into the machine make this easier than before.

4. If the thread breaks, it stops sewing and alerts you to check the feed.

5. The pre programmed embroidery patterns are nice, but only give you a taste. Where this machine surpasses every other one in this price class that I looked at, is you can easily download PES or DST files from the internet (even the Brother site has a bunch) and upload then to the machine. ***Caution - Not every file you download will come up with the correct colors for each step. You may have to determine that as you go. You can find a couple of great starter kits on Amazon for a very reasonable price.

6. I ordered a serger foot for this as well, aftermarket from Amazon and it works perfectly! Shop around.

7. Organ needles work very well in this machine. I broke three of the ones that came with mine and ordered some more. Haven't broken the first one yet.

When you have to supplement your embroidery thread you can find it rather inexpensively online in spools of 1100 yards. The basic start set I bought gave me the basic colors I needed to start. The company I ordered extra from supplied in three business days.

All in all if you are looking for a great machine that is easy to use for the novice and will grow as you advance, this is a great buy. Any questions are welcome."
"Still have to try the embroidery part.  As a regular sewing machine, works great!! I was a little disappointed in the automatic needle threader and the case is slightly below the quality of my last machine.  But for the price, it's great."
"The machine I bought was for my daughter who was visiting from Ohio. It arrived 2 day after she got here. She fell in love with it. She sends me text message of the things she has made on it. She is very pleased with it.

 Thank you much
  Jan"
"I am so happy with this machine. I am new to machine embroidery so don't have anything to compare it to but I have been able to do everything I've wanted to so far. It's easy to operate, easy to thread, and every design I've tried so far has stitched out beautifully, even the ones purchased separately and downloaded to the machine."
a+++
The box came just as expected the mail guy had to help me push it in the house its very heavy. All pieces and parts there and still works for all my projects. I LOVE this machine
"This is by far the best sewing machine we have ever bought. Its delivery was fantastic. ( international Delivery ). The product is well built, and after more than 2 years of usage, it still works like a charm. MUST HAVE PRODUCT."
This baby threads your needle for you and does amazing stitches with ease.  Easy to figure out.  I love it.
"I went from a Singer embroidery machine to this Brother, so much easier to operate and stitches are more uniform."
This is a good one to begin with if you plan to do a lot of embroidery work. It will be fine for the limited amount I intend to do with my quilting.
Love the machine. Easy to use. Been sewing for about Fifty years  I have several seeing machines four to be exact everything from basic straight stich to cam zig zag to embrodary machine need to update and could not afford some of the other name brands. I have had machine three weeks and have already made ten outfits. It works great
I have sewn since I was 5 and have always wanted an embroidery machine.  My husband got this for me and I was so excited.  My only issue is that it is not as intuitive as I would like.  It has taken a bit longer for me to learn to use it but I hope to be able to offer embroidery services to friends soon.
I purchased this for my sister for Christmas.  She wanted an embroidery machine.  We have been searching for a reasonably price.  My sister loves it.  She tells me that I bought a computer that sews.  She loves.
Years ago as a young woman I had a Brother sewing machine that lasted me well over 20 yrs.  My next purchase was a Singer that was totally JUNK.  I absolutely love this machine.  High quality and it sews like a dream.  It makes me want to sit down to sew and plan projects just to see what more I can dream up with the fabulous designs included in the stitching choices.  You won't regret this purchase and it will pay for itself many times over.  Having access to embroidery designs on the web open up a world of fun.
"So many reasons to like the sewing machine. The stitches are perfect. Easy bobbin filler.
Manuel is easy to read and learn the stitches, etc. It is like a professional machine."
"The machine works beautifully and can perform many functions.  It replaces a much more expensive machine that was ""fried"" and has exceeded my expectations."
"Sew on this almost everyday! Great value and good machine for anyone to start with. I have sewn for years and just wanted a simpler embroidery machine. I am looking into a little more advanced one now. But I really like how this sews. Made very well, not cheaply done. Comes with DVD to watch, hooks up to the internet, just a lovely machine. Smooth stitching"
I studied and settled on this machine.  I am a self taught sewer and used only basic machine in the past.  Arthritis was making threading the needle very difficult.  Decided on this combination machine as I want to learn the embroidery part as well and the automatic threading is awesome.  This machine  has proven to be heavenly to use so far and I recommend this to anyone.
Great machine for a beginner.  The machine works great.  I haven't tried using it on heavy duty material yet.  The embroidery part works great though.  Well worth the price.
"Does basic stitches smoothly--I specially like the automatic back stitching and auto thread cutter. I have done some embroidery work, but will spend more time learning all that the machine offers."
"Can't wait to try it. Bought thread and extra hoops for it.
It looks easy enough
Just can't wait to try it.."
I love it for the most part but it does have its querks.... I bought a laptop so I can use it with my machine and now the patterns are coming out squirrely..not sure if the pattern is not downloading right into the machine or what's happening. I haven't had  chance to sit and take the time to figure it out...
"Hello. como esta  , yo bien This machine sews all types of fabric? jean, leather, lycra, sportswear, including expandable table??"
its great on sewing but im still getting used to the embroidery. I like the way when you sew you slide the speed over and you can go slow or fast
"Just got me as400, but it's been a breeze to use.  Really like it.  Have completed several projects already and have 8 more to do for Easter for the grand kids.."
This machine was a gift from my sister and I must say it is the best gift I have ever gotten!  The only thing is I wish it did 5x7 embroidery also!  But I cannot complain . . . it's so much fun!
"I bought this for myself for a retirement gift, have had it since 2012 and love it still. I purchased an extension table which allows for free hand quilting.  Absolutely love brother machines as they work great and last forever,  Also very affordable."
"I love this machine.  arrived promptly and everything is as expected. I would recommend it highly, so easy to use"
"I am new to sewing and this machine was so easy to use. It is quiet, fast and I have not had one problem with it. It embroiders wonderfully and is sews great. If this one broke I would buy another one just like it."
It is easy to use and the embroidery came out beautiful.  Received it fast and I would recommend it to others.
"This Brother machine has out-performed all my previous machines (which are many: Wards, Singer, Janome). It's lightweight, runs quietly,  EASY to thread, EASY to wind bobbins, EASY to start/stop w/o foot pedal (feature I can't live without), EASY to sew and not to have pair of scissors round your neck b/c IT CUTS THREADS AUTOMATICALLY! What more to say about this Great little machine. I've not tried the embroidery part yet, but my Daughter uses her's and says it's a dream to work her embroidery on. I'm a Quilter and mostly use this to piece with and it has saved me lots of time and effort compared to my other machines I have. When I do learn the embroidery part of it, i'll give feedback again. My advice to anyone wanting something that will perform well under any condition and is reasonably priced for what you get is to buy one of these ASAP!"
"Great machine for cost. Great for a beginner, but 4x4 is a pretty small embroidery area. After my very first project I was wanting to go bigger. I heard the learning curve for embroidery is pretty steep, but I have had no issues other than my own stupid mistakes: nothing that a bit of trouble shooting didn't fix."
This is the best sewing machine I ever had. For the price. Highly recommend it. I thing go buying one for my daughter
This is the first time I have had a machine that embroiders and sews and I am enjoying it.  Improved business on Etsy because  I can personalize my kids things. I sew so much  that I will probably need a heavier duty machine. Also setting it up for embroidery takes a bit of time. That is why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.  Still it is much better than either my Singer or Kenmore!
"So, I like this machine.  It sews very nicely and I love the functions and accessories, BUT it is SO SMALL.  I didn't realize just how small it was until I pulled it out of the box.  I make quilts, and not small ones.  I make at least queen size quilts and this machine just won't accommodate the bulk of a big quilt, at least from what I have experienced.  I know it is not a ""quilting"" machine, but I thought it would be very handy to have the embroidery function to use on my quilts as well.  I haven't actually tried the embroidery function yet, but I'm sure I will love it."
"Great product, I would recommend this product to any beginner or experenced sewer. And a really good buy at a good price!"
I bought this for my mom. I have the Project Runway model and my mom always wanted one and when she was ready to buy she bought the less expensive version.
Easy to thread needle & Bobbin. The Embroidery Part can be confusing setting it up. The CD tutorial that it Came WITH Did NOT work at all. Had to find tutorials on YouTube.
this machine is so sweet I love how quit  it is and how smooth it sews iam learning how to use the embroidery part and it is easy to learn.  it is a machine I would reckamend for any one that like to sew
Great Machine for the Price! Digitized a photo to a PES file and sent it from my laptop to Machine. Works as advertised.
"I cant wait to learn more!  I really love it!
I haven't tried downloading patterns yet but I love the look of the embroidery I've done. I really recommend this machine to anyone who wants to try machine embroidery.  I also love the fact that it sews as well.  It does a nice stitch, easy to operate.  I couldn't ask for more!"
I love my sewing machine.  It has more features than I expected.  I have not even begun to see everything it can do.
"I love the machine for the value.  I have not worked on it yet, buy have reviewed the booklet and it looks like a lot of fun.  Can't wait to use it."
Wonderful machine for the price! Does none embroidery things that my 45 year old Singer didn't do. Love the push button cutter!
"I had been saving some birthday money that I got from my mom before she passed away. She had told me to buy something for myself which I would truly enjoy. For some time, I had been thinking and rethinking possibilities of what to buy until I saw this on your site. I purchased it and am so happy I bought it.  By just watching tutorials, I easily learned how to use it and I know my mom would be so proud to see all the beautiful things that I have sewn and embroidered.  Great, great machine!"
I bought my wife this sewing machine for Christmas and she loves it! I has a lot of useful features incorporated into it and embroideries well which is why she wanted it. I would recommend Brother products to anyone. It was packaged well and shipped promptly. No problems thusfar.
"Bought this for my niece, she loves it!  The quilting and embrodery options are fantastic!  Hasn't put it away yet, so easy to use.  Lots of sewing projects in the works!"
I bough this less than a month ago. I'm really enjoying it. It sews like a dream. Love the auto thread cutter. I've just started using the embroidery function & I had to adjust my bobbin but once I did that all of my designs have come out well. This is my 3rd Brother machine and they all get used weekly. I think it's a great machine for the price & features.
It work really great I'm loving it. Now I'm bout to purchase the accessories to go with it so I can make me so nice shirts with my name on them and I would refer amazon.com to all my friends.
"I had a brother before Hurricane Katrina, and I needed a new one so I bought a EURO Pro, well that didn't work to well but I used it anyway.  I have been looking at the Brother for quite sometime and I have just decided to get another one.  It sews with ease.  I am still learning to use the machine, but the embroidery was easy to learn. I was working on a baby quilt this am before I went to work and I must say my little hearts that are around the bottom of my quilt looks very good. I would recommend this machine to the novice to experienced, it's a gem."
I love everything about this machine. Still learning it but so excited to keep learning new things! Thanks for everything!
Brother se400 Combination Computerized Sewing and 4x4 Embroider Machine.  Does just what it say. Love it! Would recommend . Thank you
"I found this machine very useful. Very easy to use with all the step by step instructions printed on the surface!
If you are new in sewing, this machine will be just perfect!"
"Such a quality machine that does so much and so quietly far exceeded my expectations.  I actually choose this machine as my go-to machine over my $8k Bernina.  I sew daily and have found that this machine performs as well or better than the expensive machine  Threading and thread cutting are superior to the expensive machine.  The only thing missing on the Brother is a knee lift, but for the $7500+ difference, I can learn to p=operate without the knee lift."
Love this machine it is everything it is advertised as and more! Perfect for the novice to moderate seamstress and perfect for the crafter I am.  Would buy again and again and again!
"I still have a lot to learn, but I love how easy it is to use. I would reccommend this sewing machine to all that enjoy sewing & beginners in embroidery"
I absolutely love this machine. The process of using external patterns for embroidery was a little hard at first. But I'd have to say that the reason it's taken me so long to write this review....is because I have been working non-stop with it! I highly suggest this product!
This is A great Little machine for all my projects I am really enjoying this And easy to use .
"After reading some of the reviews I decided to order the Brother SE400 anyway.  It arrived in tact, nothing was broken and it shipped to my overseas military location.  For the first use it was incredibly amazing, I particularly love the way that it sew, very smooth.  I have started the embroidery yet but if you have the correct thread for it I suppose it would work properly.  I just love the way that it sews."
"It is incredibly easy to thread, sews very smoothly, and the touch screen is easy to follow.  I would recommend this machine to anyone!"
I purchased this item 3 years ago. It has been great until now. The LCD screen has malfunctioned and it will cost more than I bought it for to fix it. Something to consider....I had a simple Singer machine for 10 years with only minor repairs/ maintenance needed every now and then...
I have wanted a sewing machine for a long time AND an Embroidery machine and at $299 I got both in one machine! Easy to use and the touchscreen makes it easy to change the width and length of your stitches.
"Easy to use and very versatile.  I love it!
It was delivered very quickly and I was sewing the same day.  Recommend to anyone"
"Embroidery machine AND a sewing machine for $300?

This is a great machine. It has 100% everything I've ever wanted.

So far I have made a few plushies, a shirt, a blanket, a bag, and embroidered about 15 things.

There ARE a few hiccups and if you are not experienced you will automatically assume it's junk and toss it aside (like some of the bad reviews, you can tell)
1. If you buy cheap thread, it might break and tangle. Coats N Clark and Embroidex for example. If you are embroidering with Embroidex and it looks like crap, you need to turn the tension down to almost 0, like inbetween 0-1. Other than that, Embroidex and Coats N Clark work great on my particular machine, not on #4 tension but around #0-1, #4 for regular sewing.

2. ""The instructions suck!"" - Well, I hope your not looking at the ""Quick Start"" guide, I hope you actually payed any attention to the 120 page MANUAL that explains everything and every function in detail WITH PICTURES. :) Just a hint!

3. ""It's too difficult to understand how to embroider with this machine!"" - Youtube, youtube, YOUTUBE!!! There are about 5 GREAT tutorial videos on how to use this machine in which i studied religiously until my machine arrived in the mail a day later (yeah, I watched youtube tutorials almost 100% of my time waiting for this machine to arrive on my doorstep with my 40$ one day shipping) Once i got my machine, I opened it up and instantly started embroidering with no frustration. Watching someone else do it really helps. The instructions do an OK job at explaining, but if you learn by watching like me, Its free, and its out there.

4. The loop is 4x4, remember this. You are not going to be able to embroider full front T-shirts or anything, maybe a pocket size. You can add several designs together easy enough but you won't be able to make a huge seamless design.

5. BOBBINS!!!! The manual SPECIFICALLY SAYS that ANY OTHER bobbin other than the bobbin SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for this machine might potentially cause tension problems, broken needles, jams, breakage, and machine explosions (not really but you might as well assume so)

This machine has a SPECIFIC bobbin, you can't use old ones from your old machine, and you cant go to Joann's and buy the ""Works in most Brother machines that have top drop in bobbins"" because it is NOT the same thing!!!

This machine only comes with 3 of these ""special bobbins"", and two of them are prewound in black and white bobbin thread for embroidery. Leaving you ONE for any other color. It's tempting to go into your sewing box and pick out an old bobbin your old machine used to use (I mean, they are all basically the same right? no, not really) and plop it in, yeah it might work for a while, but then your headache will ensue and escalate into returning this thing back to amazon  because of a mistake you made by not reading the 120 page manual.

That being said, if you don't make these mistakes it is a great machine. The threading is very easy to understand and even if you ignore the 120 page manual you will most likely get started sewing easy enough by following the printed instructions on the machine."
I really enjoy using this machine for embroidery. The best thing about it is the hook up to my laptop for using the patterns. I do not need to store the patterns on the memory card anymore.
This is a great machine. My wife and mother both have it. It goes from sewing to embroidering very easily. You can get more patterns on line as well.
This sewing machine does everything with ease. Even beginner sewers can use without hassle. I absolutely love this sewing machine.
"Wow! is all i really have to say about this machine! It does everything you would ever need a sewing machine to do. Within 10 minutes I was able to upload my design and start embroidery. It is super easy to thread the needle and it even warns you when there is a problem.

JUST BUY IT!"
"It is super easy to use,  the inductions are reader friendly. I love it.i would recommend it to anyone especially a beginner."
"Bought this for my wife, seems like I use it more than she does!  It will sew a button on in just a few seconds and will monogram anything really fast."
I love the machine. But I think the Brother co. Needs to put a roll of the machine embroidery thread so the buyer can try it right away if they don't have any on hand. I've still not tried it. Have had it three days.
"I never expected to find an embroidery machine that was so inexpensive, so when I found this one I was skeptical.  I read all the reviews and in the end, the price, and the fact that I could always resell or return it, sold me on the buy.  I am glad to report I love this machine!

It arrived very quickly, comes with lots of reading material, and was full of a ton of accessories.  If you have embroidery thread you can quite literally pull this straight from the box and get started immediately.  Its easy to use, the thread cutter and needle threaded work great, and make preparing and finishing a breeze, and you can even use it without a foot pedal.

Did I mention I love this machine?

now: for the reason it lost a star . . . It has quilting stitches pre loaded, so I assumed it would handle heavy duty quilting jobs with ease, and for the most part it does, except that it does seem to run a little more roughly than I expected it would.  It doesn't bog down, per se, but it doesn't go quite as smoothly as I would like.  I will admit, however, that, for the trial run I did I chose to use a fur like material, thick polyester batting, and a silk material.  It fit under the presser foot, but barely... Maybe I gave it a little too much to handle, but it seems like if it has quilting stitches it should handle the heavy duty fairly well.... Just my thoughts anyway.

My final statement is this: if you are looking for an inexpensive embroidery machine that also works equally well as a sewing machine and handles normal size jobs with ease, and deals pretty well with the heavy duty big jobs, look no further. Buy this machine.  You will love it!"
"I love this machine. Its computerized and makes sewing a snap. I've not done any embroidery as of yet. I did purchase it to help mend stuff, make curtains, etc."
Bought this for my wife.  She loves it!  Keep in mind you will need to get a program to make your own designs.
"After reading some of the reviews for this machine, I chose to buy it for my wife who was wanting to get a new sewing machine.  She has found it easy to operate and loves the convenient features."
"I purchase lots of things through Amazon but rarely write a review.  This machine is so fantastic I want everyone considering it to know how terrific it really is.  I am a very good seamstress but had never done embroidery.  i volunteered to make some items for a local children's hospital and they require the hospital name be embroidered on some of them.  After researching the options I decided to buy the Brother SE400.  Not only has it been fun learning to embroider but many of the features make sewing with it a pleasure.  I just purchased a Singer machine last year to get the needle threading feature but find the Brother is far superior and will probably be buying the Brother PE770 to embroider, using my SE400 to sew and retiring the almost new Singer.  Here are some of the things i love:  the needle threader is much easier to use on the Brother; the thread cutter works great, saves thread and is very easy to operate (push a button); the instruction manual is very thorough and easy to follow (I keep mine right next to the machine and refer to it when doing even tasks I am familiar with until I am comfortable I am doing them correctly on this machine); embroidery was very easy - I even started with a custom phrase and had no problems; the machine stops if anything needs attention and tells you what it needs, e.g. almost out of bobbin thread, check top thread, etc., rather than letting a big blob of thread accumulate and then stopping; there is a red light/green light button to let you know if everything is setup correctly for what you expect to do; the bobbin winder distributes the thread very evenly and he bobbin is extremely easy to insert...in short this machine is fabulous and for a $300 price tag, including shipping as a Prime member, I think there cannot possibly be a better option available....I highly recommend the Brother SE400 for anyone considering it!"
With a new grandbaby coming in April I have a list of sewing/embroidering projects to make personalized and cute clothing items.
"I wanted a embroidery machine that would do it all - quilts , sews , decorative stitches, and embroidery's too. This is a great machine and I love it. I looked at a few others and read all the reviews here on different ones I even went to a sewing machine dealer and had him show me how hard it was to work with I watched videos on you-tube on how to do things with this machine. I am a person that needs to see it working not just reading about it . The instruction book is the best and all the instruction are all easy to understand , I made my first embroider flower  and it came out great. I did buy a started kit with thread and all the things to get started . I have been using my machine a couple of days and I love it . I hope this helps someone , I know the five star rating helped me to chose this machine. Happy sewing.  :)"
"First time using an embroidery machine.  I read a lots of reviews before deciding for this one, because $$$ limitation, but I really love it!!  Had done multiples embroideries and I'm very pleased.  Now I want to embellished everything I sew!! The download (with USB cable) function is great, and with so many free designs  to choose I want to do it all!!!  But if you have the money to buy one with a bigger embroidery area (5 x 7 or more), the SE400 is just 4 x 4, DO IT, it is worth it!! Hope in the future I can switch to one.  Last, read a lot about the topic and watch you tube videos....you learn a lot,  and they are free!!"
For a beginner (for the embroidery) the manual wasn't as detailed as I would have wished but thanks to YouTube videos I am sure it will get better. However I love the sewing part and I will eventually master the embroidery part. The machine is so quiet compared to my old machine.
"Awesome machine for the money, and I have barely read the instruction booklet knowing there is more in there that I haven't explored yet.  Buttonholes are great, monogramming, embroidery stitches, everything."
"I have not sewn much, but needed a new machine for doing a few small things and repairs.  Started looking at machines and saw they had embroidery... WOW  I am hooked.  Love it.  So fun"
I never used it and sent it back. I needed something a lot heavier duty.. If you just want to play around with embroidery you might be fine.
"This is a great machine, with lots of features, at a very reasonable price.  It's easy to use and stitches beautifully.  This is my second purchase of this exact machine.  Used the heck out of the first one, decided I needed a second on hand for when one gets serviced or cleaned.  The only downfall is the price of servicing/cleaning, which must be done through a certified Brother dealer or the warrantee is void.  The aren't easy to find in my area, and charge more than my local sewing machine service center (that does an excellent job)  The machine itself is great!"
"I love this machine.  It does what it is supposed to, without the aggravation I have experienced with others.  The built-in embroidery designs could be better, but are OK.  I did learn how to download more, so that is an option.  It is a matter of sitting down and practicing each task.  I have learned a lot from videos on You Tube that others have posted.  For the money, I rated this machine 5 stars."
"I love it! So many possibilities. Works so smoothly and effortlessly. The handbook leaves a little to be desired, but there are so many helpful videos on youtube to help you get started. But, really, not a difficult machine to figure out even without the video help."
"I am very happy with my new machine.  I've used it to sew and embroider and so far it has met all my expectations.
You must watch DVD and read book to help you get started.  It is a great machine."
"Easy to learn how to operate, can be used by people with disabilities without the foot pedal.
Easy to transport"
I love this machine. Had it for a couple of months now and have embroidery so many things. User friendly.
I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine. I needed a machine that did everything and this one does just that. I am exceptionally happy with this purchase.
"I just love it.  It took a little getting use to and reading the instructions.  I love the way the machine tells you which foot to use, and the self threading needle, excellent when you have bad eyes.  I can't find anything to complain about."
"I love this machine!  For the price, the machine is beyond expectations. I use for quilting and am looking forward to trying the embroidery features.  Detail stitches are easy to use and program."
"This is an amazing sewing and embroidery machine.
This is my favorite toy. This is my hobby. All my towels have a special design."
"I haven't used all the features yet. I have done general sewing and a few designs. Everything is self explanitory, with come common sence all the features are easy to use. There is alot of help if you want to do something you can't figure out and lots of designs on line. I do recommend this machine."
This machine is great when it is working. Had my machine less than 2 weeks then it broke had to take it to repair shop they said it would be a week just to see what is wrong with it. I am really not happy with this will never buy Brother products again
"I read many many reviews prior to purchase and worried  about performance, did not need to works like a charm. I have really pushed it with wide variety of projects including quilting, leather work, denim, silk."
"I had not sewn anything except a straight seam in almost 40 yrs, but with the birth of 2 grandchildren, I decided to take it up again. This machine is amazing. I know partly because the technology has come such a long ways since I last owned a machine, but it is just a joy to use. The embroidery feature is easy to use and even I had no problem downloading more designs from the web and transferring to the machine. I would recommend buying the pre-wound bobbins for that tension does have to be just right to good results. Also, if you are like me and really need to ""see"" something done for it to sink in to your head, there are lots of helpful folks on YouTube with this same machine. I am more than pleased with this purchase."
"I purchased this machine to learn to Embroidery and to personalize the items I currently sell online.  Not only does it Embroidery perfectly, but the stitching of the machine for everyday sewing is wonderful!  The instructional DVD that was included gives wonderful instructions.

I purchased this machine after reading the ratings of other customers that had purchased it.  I must say that it is an incredible machine for the $$.  I have a machine that was 3 times as expensive and doesn't sew as smoothly as this Brother SE400 does.  This machine is a performer!

My favorite features are the self threader and the automatic thread cutter.  They are huge features that Rock!

Gail DiMarzio -

Canton, Ohio"
"I just received my machine in the mail today and I was going to wait to write my review but I am so excited after using it just one time that I had to write it now. I already owned a Brother machine that I bought from our local Box store & I love it. I've had it over a year and have made dozens of quilts and baby blankets & never once had an issue. I first thought I wanted to upgrade my first Brother machine & so bought a Singer machine that was supposed to be a better higher quality machine. But it ended up being harder to use than my Brother that I already had & didn't have as many decorative stitches. So I returned the Singer & started searching on Amazon for something that would have different features from the Brother that I already have & love. I found the Brother SE400 Embroidery machine & thought it looked super fun & I knew it would be simple to use like my other one. Like some other people said....it's a little intimidating at first & I unpacked it & sat it on my sewing table. Then I got out the user manual & skimmed through it. It was a couple hours before I talked myself into loading up my first project in the embroidery hoop. Once I got my project in the hoop I had my first embroidery piece done within 25 minutes & it came out PERFECT! The most important thing is to read the directions well & load your fabric into the hoop tightly.
One thing I would recommend is that when you order the machine also order embroidery thread. I purchase ""63 Brother Colors Embroidery Machine Thread"". It's amazingly high quality thread & is color coded to match the Brother patterns. I liked the thread so much I'm going to order a 2nd set. It's less than $1 a spool this way & at my local store the same sized spools are $4.99 each so it's an excellent deal. I would also suggest buying the stabilizer off Amazon. I bought the 100 piece 8x8 tear away sheets. If you purchase those two things you'll have plenty of  thread to sew lots of designs.
I would recommend this machine to anyone looking for a starter embroidery machine. It's simple to learn to use & I can't wait to go in search of more designs from the internet to download. I haven't tried that yet but after reading other reviews it sounds simple enough.
If you're thinking if buying this machine don't let the few bad review change your mind. I think 90% of them were from user error. Again if you rad the manual you shouldn't be breaking needles. If that's happening then you are doing something wrong. I'm sure that there are a few lemons out there & it's possible you might get one that has issues but Amazon has excellent customer service & would quickly get a new machine to you. Brother makes excellent quality machines & I now have two of them that I absolutely love. I realize now that my idea of upgrading my first machine was a mistake because the Brother machine are great. Way better than the Singer that cost almost twice as much.
Buy this machine.....I highly recommend it & you won't be disappointed if you follow the manual."
"I bought this machine to replace a $50 Janome. So far I love it! I have made a princess ""Belle"" dress with it and embroidered a few designs. I am working on a princess ""Rapunzel"" dress now and I love how easy it is to make professional looking seams. My Janome only did straight and zigzag stitches. This one can do overcasting so my edges don't fray! I also love that it's almost hands free. The feed dogs are much better on my SE400. All I have to do is barely guide the fabric.
I am in love with this machine and I see it getting much use!"
This is a really nice machine. I bought it for my daughter who wanted to do some sewing and monogramming. It's easy to use and she's been busy making some really cute items.
This is a really good machine for beginners. It is very easy to thread and use for straight and zig zag stitches. I wanted it for embroidery and for that it is somewhat frustrating since the embroidery area is really less than 3 inches accross.  I can't embroider names past five letters.  It is also not great a sewing machine for more than 2 layers of fabric
I love this product! This machine was much better than the one I had a few years ago. Im a big fan of the Brother company!!! This machine is amazing and is great for all levels of expertise.
"After years and years of sewing with Singer machines I tried a brother.  It has taken me a few months to figure everything out, and I have had to put away all my Singer products and accessories and bobbins, but at this point, I am loving this machine.  I just learned how to use the embroidery piece and I'm very enthusiastic so far."
I can embroidery my towels for our home and make a lot of the things I make truly mine.  It's easy to learn how to use the machine but I have a lot to learn about it.  Would recommend this machine to the home user.
So far I am very happy with my new Brother SE400 machine.  I love the embroidery that I've done so far.  It also sews really well.  You do have to study the manual and watch the CD as it is complex.  If you follow the directions this machine will do great things for you.
Haven't used it for embroidery yet. My 9 year old GDaughter sews everything with it. It is so easy to use. We are making a quilt together and will be using the embroidery on it soon
I have had so much fun embroidering for the grandkids and now I'm dressing up some of my clothes.  It's very easy to run and I caught on pretty fast.  Love it!
"I originally bought this machine for the embroidery part which works well.  If you are considering doing a lot of embroidery work I would chose another machine and not this one as the size of the design is limited.  When my other machine ran amuck, I turned to this machine for  my regular sewing.  I love the needle down feature.  I love the needle threader.  I love that it tells me when the bobbin is almost out.  I love that it has a different bobbin feed.  So much easier.  I quilt with this machine as well as do other sewing. I like the stitching that it does.  I've used some of the different thread patterns.  I like them.  The only drawback is that you have to use the bobbins made by Brothers for this machine.  You cannot use any other.  Because of that you cannot buy the preloaded bobbins unless they come in a size that this machine uses.  The machine is very adamant about the bobbin.  It will take any needle.  I also use a walking food and open toe quilting foot not usually marked for this machine with success.  I always make sure that the needle can clear before trying to use any foot not designed specifically for this machine.  This is a good  reliable machine that I am happy with"
"I initially purchased this machine as my current Brother sewing machine was fairly basic and I needed to do a blanket stitch on some quilts for a new quilting group that I joined. I have only embroidered once as a trial basis, but it seemed fairly easy to do. It is somewhat similar to my old machine in threading and winding a bobbin, so other than learning just a few new things, everything has gone fairly smoothly up to this point. I did notice that with the blanket stitch, thread quality is everything! I was given thread from this quilting group to use and it didn't work very well. After a few trials and ripping out, I finally realized it was the thread, switched out to a different thread and it was sewing great!  So far, so good!"
Had to return initial machine due to mechanical issue. Return process was smooth. New machine works great. Instructions could be better.
"This machine is fabulous, I don't know what else to say about it. Many functions, many uses, user friendly, and i love the pedal-less option!  BUY THIS"
"For the last 15 years I have had an old generic sewing machine. It had the options of: straight stitch, zig zag, and a 4-step buttonhole. That's it.

I wanted to be able to do some simple embroidery and better sewing and after searching amazon and reading reviews, I fell in love with this machine. I had it on my wish list for months before it dropped $100 in price and I figured it was the right time to buy.

How did I live without this machine?! Now remember, I'm coming from the perspective of an old cheap machine with pretty much no options at all, so it's hard for me to compare with similar models. It has been a bit of a learning curve figuring out a computerized machine and so many features, but it has worked perfectly in everything that I've tried. The drop-in bobbin is so easy and the needle threader feels like a mini miracle every time I press the lever and find a threaded needle afterwards. Sewing is so smooth and easy. I love the thread cutter button. I love that I can choose not to use a foot pedal if I don't want to.

Embroidery: I have never machine-embroidered anything in my life and it came out perfect the first time. I followed the info given in the booklet and videos and had no trouble at all. I have no regrets on spending the money on this amazing machine."
"I will recommend this product to any body I just got it and is very easy
just fallow the dvd I love it have fun"
"This was a gift for a family member, and they love this product.  They make costumes that must meet standards, and this machine has everything they need to succeed."
This sewing machine is good for the price. I have a little problem with the needle threader sometimes but other than that it works perfectly and sews through thick materials like butter. I really like it and recommend it.
"I love it, I got to make stockings for the whole family for Christmas...So far so good, it fits my needs a this time...maybe someday I will need a bigger one, I am just starting a quilt and I am excited to use it again!"
This is a great machine!  I am a little dissapointed in how challenging the embroidery is in regards to finding the right tension. I am a fairly inexperienced seamstress so that could contribute to my issues.  I still would recommend this. I have downloaded stitches and it is very easy to operate. The price was very inexpensive for a machine that has so many features.
"First, if you ever have a question about your machine and can't find the answer on youtube.com, you can go to the Brother website and email them and they will answer you within 12 hours. It's awesome. They can help you troubleshoot - just make sure you tell them everything you have already done so as to ensure you get an answer that you haven't tried already.

On youtube.com, ""Burleysew"" videos are extremely helpful.  Also, with troubleshooting I would highly recommend watching his two part Q and A video with a machine technician. It's ridiculously helpful in getting to know your machine.  All of his other videos are excellent too.

You can definitely download designs and letters from embroidery websites on to your Mac and then drag and drop in to your machine.  BurleySew has a great video to show you how to do it - he is on a windows computer but it works the same way on my mac. Just make sure you use the .dst files - those are the ones for Brother.

Hope this helps! This machine is amazing and smooth and I highly recommend it!"
"I hadn't sewn in years....literally almost 30 years!  I bought a Singer originally remembering from my middle school days they were good machines. It was horrible.  I returned it!  Later I bought the Brothers SE 400 online through Amazon.  I'm so glad I did.  My sewing instructor recommended Brothers, and I have to admit she was right!  It is so easy to use, you just can't go wrong.

I've heard this machine is not heavy duty, but I've sewn fleece pj's, and a coat on this machine without issue.  I will always buy a Brother."
"Easy to follow the instructions provided, simply setup, and start sewing.  Couldn't be happier, especially with the needle thread function!"
"I have NEVER sewn with a sewing machine before (well, except for middle school which I failed miserably at)...but with this machine, I feel like I have been sewing for years and could sew almost anything!
I will admit when it first arrived; I was very intimidated all apart with tons of pieces. I kinda just sat there and stared at it. But once I popped the included video in my computer it was a very helpful step by step guide talking me thru EVERYTHING!
After 3 weeks of sewing, I finally braved the embroidery feature and I love that too! My only regret and wish for this machine, was that it could do bigger patterns (5x7 and so on). I did order the extra hoop they sell here on Amazon so that I won't have to keep rehooping my shirts (it is impossible to do wording and get them even once you re hoop). But it is my understanding even with the 5x7, I can only move the hoop not stitch out 5x7 patterns. I will have to make an upgrade to another machine at some point.

This is the perfect starter machine!!!!!!! I do not regret my purchase and (knock on wood) have had ZERO problems with it so far. Worked perfectly since I first threaded it! Good Luck!"
I love my Embroider Machine !! its very easy to do and lots of fun .. Now just need more time to play with it
"this Is A Great Machine! It Had So Many Options My Other Brother Machine Doesn't Have. I Mostly Use This One And Keep My Other Machine As A Back. Up. I Haven't Used The Embroidery Option Yet, But I'm Excited To Try It In The Near Future!!"
"Love this machine, has some really cool features, including self threading needles. So far it works great, no complaints. it's five stars."
"Like it and it seems to be a cut above the rest from what I've seen. Finally got it operating by searching the Brother website for instructions that were not answered in the manuals.
One thing you must realize with this machine. It is complex and the proper settings are a must.  The bobbin tension is a nightmare to get right and will make a total mess until you get it right. And no, the factory settings will not perform anything till you make the adjustments.
Having said that, I recommend this product for those who have a upper level of experience with sewing machines or those who don't mind doing the research."
Speed of sewing can be slowed down to a crawl--great for teaching beginning sewing. First attempt at embroidery was very successful.
"I love my Brother SE400 great machine, easy to use and I would tell everyone to buy this one. Great little machine"
"The machine did an excellent job but we found the 4X4 size very limiting.

The other downside was that it does not accept a USB thumb drive. It has to be hooked to a computer to upload designs.

We ended up returning the unit and buying a Brother DZ820E, which doesn't sew, so we purchased a Brother DZ2400 as well.

Yes, more money, but we were planning to have to purchase a laptop just to upload designs. Now they can be put on a thumb drive and uploaded from that."
I am learning to sew. this machine is similar to the babylock machine that I used in the classes that have taken.
this is the best ever . Very smooth sewing. Easy to use even as a beginner. Just ake your time to read the manual.
"A 10 year old can figure this machine out without the manual.  I had a old 30 year old singer that I actually wasn't looking to replace.  I just wanted an embroidery machine.  I thought, well if I ever need the sewing feature then that's fine, but I wasn't going to use it.  It is life changing how EASY it is to use.  Embroidery is super simple to use for someone like me that was new to embroidery.  The sewing of the machine was sooooo easy to thread (follow numbered picrures on the machine) and it puts the thread in the needle with the touch of a button.  HOW EASY IS THAT.  It's super quiet compared to my 30 yr old singer.  THe embroidery is super simple to use.  Just buy good quality stabilizer like ""FLORIANI"".  I used the stuff in box stores and online and found that the ones from the actual sewing stores carry Floriani and they are slightly more expensive but quality is sooo worth it.  Get your various colors of polyester thread on Amazon."
Haven't used the embroidery yet but I've watched videos on line looks easy and gives you instructions on how to line up lettering but i've set up and used the sewing machine and it was a breeze extremely easy to use I will rate again or edit my rating after I use the embroidery part but so far it's been amazing
"I'll do the pros & cons first for those that just want to nuts & bolts of this review. Keep reading below if you want all the ins & outs of this machine.
Pros:
- super easy to use
- touch LCD screen
- built-in internal memory to save designs (limited size is a con)
- transfer designs to machine via pc USB port
- up-gradable firmware via USB (that I've upgraded)
- self-threading needle functionality
- easy bobbin re-threading functionality
- excellent support site by Brother.
- included CD has excellent how-to videos showing you how to do everything on this machine.
- Brother web store for Embroidery designs is excellent source for great designs.
- built-in ""how-to"" animations on the machine to show you how to do common support things.
- plenty of sewing functionality like stitches
- low bobbin thread alert

Cons
- no hard carrying case. Can't even buy a Brother hard protective carry case as an accessory.
- the large hoop is kind of misleading. it's larger but it's really just a two medium 4"" hoop that overlap. Basically if you have a large image (like letters) that spans 4"" (machine limit), you would move the hoop over to the next 2 notches to finish stitching your image. The machine doesn't move the large hoop on its own to utilize all of the large hoop space.
- didn't come with a serger sewing foot or more bobbins If you're doing a lot of sewing you're going to be going through a lot of thread on bobbins so having to stop and re-thread the bobbin takes too much time.
- small hoop seems really useless
- internal memory could be a little larger.
- could use a color LCD with higher resolution (would come in handy to preview embroidery designs to discern thread color)

First let me say that I bought this machine as a Christmas gift for my wife a couple of years ago but I ended doing my own embroidery projects on this machine myself to make bowling shirts and other shirts for our daughters. My wife has done sewing projects but I've strictly used the machine for embroidery even though I know how to sew (Home Economics in high school) This machine has to get 5 out of 5 stars. That doesn't mean this machine doesn't have some deficiencies, but the capabilities for the price-point makes it the perfect machine. I work in IT so the fact that this has a touch LCD screen, USB port and internal memory and could be upgraded, appealed to me. I like the fact that Brother can provide future enhancements & fixes via firmware so you're not just stuck with what you bought, while newer machines get all the new features & fixes. Even though the LCD screen is pretty good to have, I wouldn't mind a slightly larger screen and this screen could really really use color - especially to really be able to identify color profiles of embroidery images you've loaded. I would also like to see a laser guide light to show you an outline of where the design will stitched. Similar to how a hand saw or a miter saw has a laser guide to show you where the blade is actually going to cut. This is probably something implemented on more expensive machines.

Over-all I think I bought the best machine for my wife to learn how to sew and how to do embroidery. I now use this machine more than her. If a man can learn how to use this machine pretty good, then anybody can use this. Simply put for the price-point this doesn't really have any short-comings. The cons I've pointed out would probably be included in more expensive machines so you have to spend more to get more. Stop your search and just buy this machine."
"I love my new machine, lots of stitch choices, and it embroiders which is great.. Brother is the best machines I've ever owned. This one
came with every thing needed to start sewing or embroidering! The 4x4 doesn't sound like a very big design but it's perfect for embroidering pillow cases, initials on towels, putting designs on kitchen towels, the list goes on and on. You can get some free designs on certain websites but it came with many many designs that you can download to your computer and make changes to or add to then plug in and download. Manual comes with lots of step by step instructions with pictures, and this has to be the easiest machine I've ever threaded...And I love that it threads the needle for you with a push of a button.. Love, Love Love, it!! A+++++
 Con; the only con some may think of is, you have to have patience when changing feet.."
I have had my Brother SE 400 for about a month and absolutely love what all I can do. It is a little overwhelming when you first take it out of the box. However it didn't take long and I was creating beautiful embroideries. My daughter  has a closet full of monogrammed clothes!
"This sewing/embroidery machine is awesome, well worth it. Before this one i had purchased the singer futura xl400 and i had to return it because it was not working. Highly recommend this machine."
"I haven't used it much yet, and haven't tried any of the different stitches or the embroidery stitches, but it is easy to use, and I LOVE the needle threader feature because my eyes are not that great anymore. I will probably come back later after I have had a chance to play with it some more, and re-do my review. But so far, I love it!"
"It was easier to use than I expected. Also, It's appearance is simple and cute. Therefore, I was so satisfied with this item."
Gifted and so eagerly received.  The recipient made the first embroidery the very evening it was received.  Good move for all concerned.
"I have only had this machine for a few weeks, but I have definitely been bitten by the embroidery bug.  There is a small learning curve to using this machine.  Even while on that learning curve, I have been able to make beautiful things.  I have also done a bit of regular sewing on it and I like that too.  This was money very well spent.

5/3/2014 ETA:  I have had this machine for 4 months now and have embroidered more than 4 million stitches.  I love this machine.  I have done quite a bit of standard embroidery as well as a great deal of freestanding lace.  I have not been disappointed in this purchase."
I absolutely love this machine and have had great success and fun and embroidery.  I was easy to download designs from my PC as well!  Loving it!!!!  And the price was right!!!!
"I really loved this sewing machine. It was an absolute breeze to use after my old clunky sewing machine. Automatic cutting, easy threading, etc, it was all very nice.

However this starting having problems. I used it for a little over 6 months almost daily before it begin displaying errors and I had to take it in to be repaired. It seemed like it broke down a little too quickly compared to other sewing machines I've owned which are going strong after decades of similar use.

I guess you get what you pay for."
This was a gift for my wife and she loves it.  This thing can do way more than her old one.
"Although I don't use it, my wife really seems to like it, so this is from her.  The things she makes with it are pretty neat."
"love this machine, it has  lot of nice features and sews well. it's not the professional machine I want next year but it a big step up from my little Singer and I can do a lot of projects on it."
"I love what this machine does. I had several issues with the machine skipping parts of letters or images and it would get caught in the same place about 10% of the time and require careful removal or it would cut a hole in the material being embroidered. I thought you get what you pay for and watched it embroider and stop it if it jammed or had any other issue. Fortunately (if it can be fornate to have something break) the needle threader broke. When taking it to a service center for the threader I told them about the other issues. It took 3 trips for the threader (long story) and the machine now works great. No issues whatever, star rating would be higher if not for having to go to the service center to have it fixed.

If I were to purchase again I would buy an embroidery only machine with a larger hoop size. For most people you will quickly tire of the small size hoop that can only do under 4 inches and wish you could do larger designs."
Very easy to use . Best sewing machine I ever had. The embroidery part could not be easier love every thing about it
"Great little machine, does great embroidery. I haven't figured it all out yet, but the towels I embroidered came out so cute. I'd buy another. I may even by a higher end model of the brother embroidery machines just cause this works so well and is quite easy to operate."
"Mad that I brought this item, it was very disappointing next time I will be more careful in picking out a machine for creating my line.  Don't recommend this item."
"I received this  machine as a gift, and I'm absolutely head-over-heels in love with it.  It's whisper-quiet, powerful, and the embroidery function is a feature I've wanted in a sewing machine for YEARS, as I do a lot of costuming and clothing commissions.

Pros:
--Very quiet.  Compared to my old Singer, this  machine is absolutely silent, even running at full speed.
--Fully digital.  It's easy to select and edit stitches, and switch between functions.  It does have a bit of a learning curve, especially for anyone not as tech-savvy as my 20-something self, but it's definitely worth it, and the included DVD covers everything.
--Fully loaded.  I was VERY pleasantly surprised to find everything from feet, to a second thread stand, to extra needles, bobbins, a seam ripper, and a small pair of scissors, as well as a soft cover.  It keeps the cats off the machine when I take it to my business partner's apartment, which is really all the protection it needs.
--Pedal-less sewing.  Very convenient for quick projects like a zipper repair I did the other day.  The adjustable speed is a nice touch as well, which makes it good for beginning sewers and children learning to sew.  Just set the speed slow, and there's less chance of accidents or injuries happening.

Cons:
--The space between the presser foot and the floor of the machine is a little small, although I'm sure there's a way to adjust that.
--4x4 isn't terribly large for an embroidery space, although for the price, it's a good introductory size.
--Again, the machine does have a learning curve, being 100% digital.  It may not be a good choice for anyone not good with computers, especially once you get into the embroidery functions."
"This is a wonderful sewing machine.  It is quiet, loaded with features, and easy to use.  I own several much more expensive sewing machines, but this has become the one I use most often."
It used to take foreverbto thread my machine. Id have to use a magnifying glass. Now all i do is push a button. I amazes me every time. Makes threading my machine fun
"Unbelievable. I don't know how I ever lived without this beauty! I'm very beginner. Yet the first night I embroidered my daughters name, second night I made my first quilt (complete with her name embroidered in 1/2 the squares and super silky backing), day 3 made apron with pockets and embroidered name, day 4 rest, day 5 mittens, fleece hat, scarf, day 6.... I'll be attempting slippers. This machine will make an expert out of anyone!!!  I had a $20 yard sale machine before this one... Can't believe I stuck it out with that garbage. You will love this amazing machine!!!!!!!  BTW, really does self thread, bobbin amazingly easy to wind and load, user manual EASY to use, and embroidery a BREEZE!  BUY!,,,,"
"I have been using this machine for a year now and I find that is is good for a hobbyist or someone with limited space that cant have more than one machine.

Pros - multipurpose machine with a decent selection of stitches and accessories.  Very easy to thread and operate once you get the hang of it.

Cons - I broke a lot of needles during my first year.  I found that when the machine pulls thread from the spool holder it often gets caught and causes needle and thread breakage.  I solved this by using a cone thread holder made by Dritz and by purchasing higher quality embroidery thread.  Those 100 spool discount packages of thread seem tempting but they fray and feed through the machine poorly!

I would suggest buying a second hoop if you are going to do a lot of embroidery, so you can have one loaded up and embroidering while you are preparing the next hoop.  If you do buy a second hoop try to avoid ones that aren't manufactured by brother, I have purchased 3rd party hoops and they are often flimsy and difficult to load."
"I have enjoyed my machine so far, I think I have had it only a month. So far I have made one Roman shade which turned out great if I do say so myself. I have material for 3 more and I intend to do a great job on them. I would recommend this machine for sewing and I have used the embroidery feature. I made two tops for my grand daughter for Christmas and embroidered on the front, she loves them."
"I have had this machine for a few months and so far I love it!

I wanted it primarily to embroider names on baby blankets & other items for my Etsy shop as well as things for my own kids...it has done the trick so far!

I found a ton of free designs on the internet to download so I love the computer connection feature...I have a MAC and it works perfectly connecting to it...it comes with a bunch of preloaded designs but frankly they are very old fashioned/outdated and I doubt I will use them ever...the 4 preinstalled fonts are very generic but are useful for certain purposes...if you are looking for fancy fonts you are going to need to purchase them...

I recently purchased the Embrillance software (only MAC software I found for under $1000) and it works great with the machine and only cost $130...

My only complaint is that it can only embroider a 4x4 area but for a first machine it does what I need it to do and for a great price!

On the sewing side - I love the ease of use! The drop in bobbin and touch screen to control the stitches is a huge step up from my old completely manual machine!  It has a ton of stitches but I will likely never use most of them..."
"I am not an advanced seamstress, but this machine is so easy, my projects look as though I am.  I highly recommend it for sewing, and embroidery."
bought this for my wife for Christmas. She opened it that night and fell in love with it. Simple to use and had a couple other features not listed from what I was told.
I love this sewing machine!  Easy to use.  Very quiet when in use.  Great price for a simple sewing/embroidery machine.
"I was a bit hesitant on ordering an embroidery machine online. I typically like to test things like this out before I'd make such a major purchase. I can say that I am very happy with my purchase! It's the perfect size and super simple to use. There are still a ton of options that I'll probably never use, but I'll give it my best shot! It's funny, I didn't realize how bad my old machine was till I started using the Brother SE400, it's smooth and quiet...and my table doesn't shake when sewing anymore!"
Amazing machine. Check out YouTube videos for extra instructions! Haven't tried the embroidery yet. Baby steps that's for sure! Thanks
First time sewing was simple. Purchased for Embroidery feature worked Fantastic. Would recommend to anyone from beginner to expert sew on
"I am happier with this $350 machine than I was with my $3500 Janome.  It never messes up the buttonholes--I hadn't realized how much I had come to hate making buttonholes with the Janome.  It has a self-threader for aging eyes like mine, is very user friendly, and the only problem I have is that it is sometimes smarter than me (in other words, I have been the one that goofed). I am just delighted with it!"
"I have an old sewing machine, so this was a great improvement.  Got to play with it just a little, had to re-adjust my thinking because its computerized.  I was so use to the manual way.  I know I am going to love it and also teach my niece how to use it."
I love everything about it!  The CD is very informational and explained more than the instruction book.  All the parts were included.
"As many other reviews have said, this machine does work straight out of the box.  The instructions and books are easy to read and understand
As I have been using for under a week, I will post more, after more use to let know how performs and holds up.

So Far, I am happy with the machine."
"This machine was up and running in less than 10 minutes.  Quiet, consistent, easy to use. The manual was actually pretty helpful.  The automatic needle threader is the most amazing thing ever"
So far I love this machine! I have very little experience sewing so I have nothing to compare it to but it has been easy to learn and there is a manual and a computer disk to show you how to use it.
"I haven't bought the machine yet but LOVE that you can plug it into the computer. My question is does anyone know if it's compatible with a MAC
Computer? That's so far my only drawback on buying it right now. Thanks in advance for any help!"
"This sewing machine will do so much more than my old one.  And as eyesight gets weaker, it is so nice to have a machine that will thread itself.  Bobbin winding is easy, too."
"much quieter than the old $80 brother we bought a few years ago, sews like a dream. Auto needle threading and cutting is pretty awesome, easy to thread both top and bottom bobbins. Embroidery feature works well, embroidered my daughters name and it looked perfect on the first try. Would recommend."
Great machine for price.  Have used it for general sewing and played with the monogramming.  Easy to use.  Recommend product
"I have always used a singer sewing machine, but this machine is so easy to learn that I will probably use this brand from now on.  I have not used the embroidery part as of yet.  As I have not had time to learn that part.  Will review that part later."
I receive my machine for Christmas can wait start taking my classes already have a brother sewing machine that I am going to love this one. Would not use anything but brother.  I will update at a later date.
Was delivered promptly and looks good but I haven't had a minute to start using it yet! Must start today!
I purchased this machine because I am a beginner with no prior experience and it seemed like a reasonable price for what I wanted: a sewing and embroidery machine. Glad I didn't have to buy them separately. Being a beginner I was worried that I wouldn't know what the hell I was doing or where to even put the thread but 20 minutes after taking it out of the box I was trying my first stitches. The embroidery portion does beautiful work and the sewing portion gives you nice sturdy stitches. I've even tried out the twin needle that comes with it and thought that was pretty nifty. I've started out learning by making my own stockings for the holidays but now that Christmas is over I will need to find something new to obsess over making. The more I try sewing the more I like it!
"bought this for my daughter, she loves it.  Good machine and does nice embroidery.  May get one for myself after the holidays."
This is an awesome sewing machine.  It has so many features I love.  I have used it a lot since I got it.  Easy to learn how to use.  I am very glad I brought it.
Very nice machine embroideries are stunning easy to operate will buy more and recommend it to friends. Worthy every penny
"I wanted this machine so that I could embroider my husband's company logo on his work shirts. I am a professional graphic designer and thought it would be an easy thing to format his logo to the file-type which the machine requires.  Not so.

I used two different software programs and attempted to convert my file, one of the programs kept crashing just as I was about to save all of my hours of work and the other one had similar problems, which left me with one alternative - buy the $300 program that is supposed to do the same thing.  No, I was not going to spend another dime on a software program which might also have bugs in it.

I also did not like the fact that Brother was ""selling"" more designs rather than providing them for free.  Another negative, I do not like 'computerized' machines.  I like the old-fashioned mechanical machines for the simple reason that the more fancy-dancy tricks an appliance/machine can do, that's more that will go wrong with it.  I wanted/needed a dependable, sturdy machine for my projects.  I just don't like these computerized models, it's a personal thing.

I returned the machine, bought the supplies I need to silk-screen my husband's shirts with the company logo.  Oh, and since my old Kenmore machine died, I replaced it with the heavy-duty Singer sewing machine and am most happy with it!"
This machine is a great beginner machine. The instructions are electronically on the machine with easy to follow instructions and pictures.
"I love this machine! The SE400 is so easy to use! I am an amateur when it comes to sewing and embroidery, so I am extremely happy that I made the decision to purchase the SE400."
"This machine is my baby!!  I plugged it right in and began to embroider and applique' with no issues.  For someone who never sewed, embroidered, or applique'd prior to owning this machine, I would have to say that it is pretty dummy proof :)  Along with came a CD, and a booklet full of pictures and instructions.  If you are just starting out, this is the machine for you.  I did purchase a Singer prior to this, and ended up returning it; would never own another after using a Brother.  My only issue with this machine is the limitations of embroidering a 4x4 area.  Would absolutely love to be able to do a larger area, however, if I purchase another machine, I can honestly say that I will keep this one too....it's just that good!!"
"I got this as a Christmas gift, I know it's early but it has already gotten a lot of use. I am a beginner at embroidery and it was very easy to learn and use."
"Love this little machine. 9 weeks into using it, and am already plotting in mind to upgrade to bigger model. May have to join EA (Embroiderers anon.). this is an excellant starter maching for embroidery. I may even use it as sewing machine some day."
Love the combination but find the instructions a little difficult to understand.  After Christmas will have more time to devote to learning more about it.
"I dreamed of the perfect sewing machine!!
Can have a happy!!
I hope hatdil often
I can recommend to people around"
"bought for my girlfriend, but we are both enjoying it!!!!! the computer feature is awesome! for new items just plug and play"
"this was the best purchase for me...very easy to use. very clear directions, easy bobbin loading, easy tension control, easy to upload or import designs, and the best thing was that it was only 299."
This machine is perfect for a beginner! The 4x4 embroidery field is small and I'm looking into buying a bigger machine but I wanted to make sure I really wanted to get into embroidery! I will always keep this machine because the awe in machine part is sews like a dream!
"I was very disappointed with the seller, said it was new and was not(missing parts and broke part on the machine) he told me he would give me a discount but gave me a lower one that we agreed on... Over all great sewing machine!"
"This machine probably has all the bells and whistles I could ask for and for that reason, I absolutely LOVE it so far.  The reason it doesn't get 5 stars with me, is because I can't get my hands and fingers between the head and the plate to change needles or replace a presser foot and I have normal sized hands.  If you happen to have large hands, this definitely isn't the machine for you.  I've had to walk away today to keep from stressing out, but I still don't have the presser foot screw in the hole!  I never had this problem with any of my older machines.  They are just making the machines so little now!  Bring back normal size sewing machines.  This one was made for my little girl!"
Best little machine out there very pleased.  It does a little bit of everything.  My only wish is that I had more time.  :(
"Excellent, faster and ideal to small o star uses at home or small businesses. Easy, fast, complete tools to create a great Desing or preceding."
"I am amazed that a machine of this price can do so much. I have an expensive embroidery machine, but I wanted to get one for my granddaughter. This machine just fit the bill. It does nice embroidery in a 4X4 hoop. There are several fonts to choose from. I am very pleased to give this little machine as a gift. I hope it will stand the test of time."
"Love this machine, very easy to use and set-up.  Support from manufacturer is great, easy to download patterns.  Sew simple, sew nice."
I have had this machine for three years and absolutely love it! It appliques and embroiders perfectly. I also love that it can change over to a regular sewing machine easily. I just bought a pe770 and hate it. I am going to stick with the see400.
"Love, Love, Love my new machine.  Easy to use and makes sewing easy. I love that you can embroider and sew with the same machine."
I purchased this several months ago and love it. It's sewww easy to use and the directions are easy.  I can change needles and footing easily.  No complaints here.
"I got this as a gift last Christmas 2012.( I actually picked it out and hubby paid for it.) I did some research and chose this machine because for the price, it'll do more than most. I have not actually used it to embroider yet but have the ability. I am so pleased with this machine, I had been using a 20+ year old singer sewing machine( a basic heavy metal clunker that jammed up a lot)  and this is like entering a new world. I had no idea how improved they are these days!! The ease of use, the better stitching, no jamming up...I can download patterns for embroidery to this machine, I am amazed by that! I am a hobby sewer, I use the machine for making quilt tops, curtains etc. It's perfect for that! It makes many different decorative stitches that are very pretty. It comes with different feet for certain stitches and also included are some bobbins and other supplies. I would highly recommend this machine for hobby sewers to intermediate level sewers. A great buy at a fair price! Now if I could just retire and play with my machine every day!! ( : Love it!"
"I've had this machine for about a month and have had the BEST time learning how to appliqu and embroider.  Its very easy to use, and fairly intuitive if you have sewed any at all before.

The embroidery capabilities do take a bit more to accomplish, and my main issue was the lack of detailed instructions provided.  I learned primarily from youtube videos that would demo how to create & import designs, hoop the fabric, etc.  Also, the fonts & designs already installed on the machine are very basic and actually more difficult to format than other fonts & designs purchased & exported from your PC to the machine.

One issue I do have is that my needle consistently comes out of the shaft when embroidering.  The shaft thumps against the screw that is used to tighten the needle inside the shank and between the repetitive thumbs and vibrations, the needle loosens and falls out mid-stitch.  I did improve this by using the screw driver and tightening the screw as much as possible every little bit and that has helped.

I also wish I had splurged and bought a machine with a 5x7 hoop size...while 4x4 is sufficient right now, I feel like I will be limited down the road."
"I read the manual to get started and was able to embroider a simple line of text. I have since watched YouTube videos and learned more tricks. I have downloaded embroidery patterns and am ready to take on more embroidery projects. Read through the other reviews here, as people have taken the time give out really good information. This machine is fun!"
I wanted a embroidery machine for several years and by chance I looked on amazon and there was my dream and the price was right and now I have it in my home and make my Christmas presents for family  I just love my brother. and my brother.
"I would like Brother to have classes on how to use this machine, since I am new to Embrod.  The one Brother store in the area said that they do not show or help on this machine. I am a visual learner than I can go back and read the book and it would make sense.
Brother told me that they cannot have classes on every machine so you have to go on site and learn with info on computer. Well, that is a problem when your computer is in one room and the machine is in another.  I should have remember how much a problem Brother was with my first machine. In fact they are a little rude when you ask for help."
"I have had this machine for about 8 or 9 months and the automatic needle threader is already broken. I was loving this machine up until then and I would have definitely given it a solid 4 stars or maybe even 5, but I think that it's ridiculous that the threader is already broken after less than a year or occasional use."
I love the machine. It is a Christmas gift so I have not been able to set it up yet. I hope it works as well as indicated.
"My wife loves it!
Bought this to replace her old singer, but this does so much more. I now get monograms on my shirts, and graphic designs with the embroidery feature. It will do everything a Viking machine will do for a fraction of the price.
only wish it came with a hard plastic case instead of the fabric cover,  but Brandsmart has them to fit this for $ 20.00.
I belive Amazon sells the same one, but we saw it while shopping for a stove and saw it at Brandsmart.
For the price this sewing/embroidery machine is a great value."
great little machine!! Like all Brother products very dependable and a gateway into bigger more challenging sewing. What else can I say?
I love this machine.  Don't use it much to sew but have many hours of embroidery.  The thread stopped working shortly after I got it but embroidery thread is easier to thread that all purpose.  Just order two new hoop sizes so will rate those in the future.
Nice smooth to use took a little while to read the book and then use but after that I was on after that makes great gift items and side jobs :)
I love my new sewing machine. I am a Brother fan and my other 2 sewing machines are Brother machines as well. I love the easy of using this machine and the automatic needle threader and automatic thread cutter. I have only used the embroidery part of the machine very little so far and I am pleased with the professional results. You can view a pillow cover I made here (cut and paste in your browser) [...]  I purchased this machine so I can expand my sewing skills into embroidery but at the same time I wanted to upgrade my sewing machine so this was the perfect machine for me. You will need to purchase your thread and stabilizer separately.
"This is a wonderful little machine. The embroidery is beautiful and it's very easy to use patterns you've downloaded. It runs quietly and sews nice stitches.  My favorite things about this machine are the auto needle threader and the convenience of beingable to sew, quilt and embroider on one machine. You cannot beat this machine for the price. The accessory kit is awesome.  I have been sewing for 40+ years and I recommend this to newcomers as well as seasoned veterans."
"This is a great machine, especially for those just beginning to embroider.  I have sewn for many years and my old machine finally gave out.  This is fairly easy to learn to use."
"It works. I've sewn dozens of desses, purses, costumes etc. I like that it pulls the material through. It feels like it gives me better control. The embroidering only works for thin materials, but otherwise I really like it."
It is very easy for a beginner sewer to learn how to operate. The instruction manual is easy to read and find information that is needed.
Very happy with this purchase  We haven't had any of the issues some of the other reviewers have had. This is a good beginner embroidery machine.
"Oh my goodness. I love this machine.  First let me say, I am a crafter. I make fleece products so my machine has to be able to handle thick fabric. I sew double fleece and then add velcro. I have used a number of machines through the years. This machine has no trouble handling this thickness. I purchased my first Brother sewing machine 20 years ago. I finally upgraded to this! And to beat all the other functions...this machine does NOT need oiling!!!!!!! I hate having to break between projects and oil a machine."
"Very easy to use, have used if for embroidery and the sewing and for someone who has not used a sewing machine in years, it is very easy to use."
"I can't even begin to tell you how fun this machine has been.  I have made so many things and people love gifts that are personalized like I can make now.  Originally, I bought it to make my husband's business shirts.  But now I have to find time to make those inbetween MY projects.  I have had no problems with it and have had it for almost two years."
"Does everything advertisement said it would.  Would like to have additional items, especially a larger platform that slides onto machine for quilting.  Otherwise it is a very good sewing embroidery machine."
"I ordered the brother SE400 from Amazon a couple of days ago. I am awaiting on its arrival. I gave it 4 stars to begin with even though I have not used it because of the reviews. Amazon made it seem like I was getting a fantastic buy by putting a higher price on it. Are these machines really ""worth"" almost $900, or is it just another gimmick to get your money. I feel that Amazon is a great place to purchase items and have had nothing but great customer service. Everything I have purchased to this point I have known the true value. This one I do not as I am only an occasional sewer and I haven't purchased a sewing machine for 15 years.
I thought that I would research some comments so that I would be prepared if I had any troubles. I am glad to know that most have been positive. I purchased this machine because of its embroidery capabilities. I own a small business and wanted to put a small logo on some of my jackets that I wear for advertising. Plus, maybe logos on the employee shirts. I have researched embroidery machines and found them way to expensive. I was excited to see that this one was affordable. I am in hopes that this will work for me. Will continue to update as I get sewing."
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!  perfect for someone that wants to do a small amount of embroidery but sews a lot!
the sewing machine is wonderful and easy to use once you learn the interface.  I personally do not like the automatic button, I still prefer to use the foot pedal but others may like it.  I LOVE the thread cutting button and how the machine threads the needle.  big step up from my old Brother machine I had for 10 years.  The embroidery option is also easy to use and once it is set-up it tells you what color to use next.  change the thread and press GO! this is a good all around machine for the average home sewer like me."
LOVE This machine.  I run my own business and this is used far more than the average machine would be used.  GREAT!  Only issue currently is that the small wire that helped you self thread... broke.  No more self threading feature.  Other that that great machine.  The embroidery features however leave much to be desired.  The needle will come lose.  The tension is all over the place.  I suggest this machine for the sewing NOT the embroidery.
"It does everything I need to do.  Sews very well, and embroiders small designs.  I have not tried piecing together small patterns to make longer designs, but I know other who have and it did that as well.  I did have to learn to be careful about  the direction the threads came off the spools, as this was causing me to break needles when the thread tangled on the spool with embroidery pattern thread changes.  It was my fault and not the machine."
"As a first embroidery machine this has everything I want or need, now am just recovering from open heart surgery so I can get back to sewing!"
"Amazon states the ""regular"" price is $899.00 and that you are saving $599.01 is completely false. Brother's web site list the ""regular"" price as $399.99. So the true savings is only $100.

As far as a sewing machine, it is a good all around machine and if you READ and FOLLOW the instructions then it will last for years. Most of the problems I have read in the reviews are from people who do not read and follow the instructions and from improper use. Yes, problems can happen with electronic/computer equipment, but most problems are user errors and stupidly.

This machine is for normal home use and not for commerical or heavy duty embroidery. If you intend on embroidering more than a few things then you need to spend at least twice this amount and purchase a commerical machine.

A hint: When changing the thread NEVER pull the thread backward from the spool. Always cut the thread at the spool and pull the thread at the needle. Pulling the thread backward will ""gum up"" the inside of the machine and cost you a vist to the repair shop that will not be covered by the warranty. READ the instructions!"
"I have used this several times & really enjoy it! Easy to follow instructions, light weight, the many uses make it even more desirable!"
This is one terrific machine for the money! It embroiders towels beautifully. The stitches are nice and even and it is pretty heavy duty! I sew seams in my husband's jeans and it does it great!!!
"I bought this machine in September of 2011 and got on great with it..In November 2012 smoke came belching out of the top of it whist I was sewing.  I called an engineer and he could not find a specific problem, cleaned it and gave me it back,  In between times my family had bought me a new machine, same one again.  I got this in November 2012.. I was using it yesterday and the same thing happened..thick white smoke came belching out of it...I am so disappointed that I have bought two of these machines now and the same thing has happened..It can't be a coincidence surley..I have emailed brother so hopefully they will get back to me..I didn't even use the machine that much :("
Was in love with this product when I first got it!  After 2-3 projects everything headed south!  My final project could not even be completed because of 6 broken needles and multiple thread breaks!!!!  SO disappointed.  Fortunately it fell just before my return date so I am able to return it.  Was in love with my previous Brother sewing machine which is why I went with Brother for this machine.  Unfortunately I am now torn as to whether to go with another Brother machine or if I should switch to a different machine.  Thanks to Amazon for their easy return policy!  Packing my machine up and UPS will stop by and pick it up from me.
This is my first computerized machine and wow was I surprised at how smooth it sews. The best part is the automatic needle threader. I am amazed at how great it works!
"Beyond reading the reviews on Amazon, I took a chance and just bought the Brother SE400.  LOVE IT!  As you'll read in Amazon reviews, instructions that come with machine are essentially useless.  Everything you ever needed to know, you learned in kindergarten and.....YOUTUBE.  Youtube is where I went to learn about this machine...from setting it up, to winding a bobbin, ultimately threading the machine, and selecting embroidery patterns.  I've used this machine for about 25 different projects so far and it is fast and easy once you get going.  There are dozens of places to purchase patterns for it online (not just the Brother website)."
This is by far the best machine for anyone who doesn't want to have a dedicated embroidery machine and a dedicated sewing machine.  This does everything I need.  I have personalized almost everything that I have made (all with this machine of course).  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
It is a fun machine. I did have to send my first one back. My replacement machine is great.. No complaints. No problems with the exchange. AMAZON is GREAT to work with.  the embroidery is new for me so am enjoying it. I can tell it would be fun to have the ability to create larger embroidery pictures than this one does.  I love the fact that this is a basic sewing machine with the added fun of embroidery since I really needed to replace my sewing machine so it is an added bonus for me.
Great service great product thanks amazon....you give great service satisfaction....it was my daughters 30 th birthday present....she loves it and it completely happy
"I have only used it for less than a month, but it has proven to be very easy to use.  It came with a CD which made it easy to learn how to thread the bobbin and needle.  It is very light to carry.  It came with a cloth cover.  So far, that is all it needs.  I haven't tried the embroidery function, nor most of the stitches yet so I can't comment on them."
"I have several sewing machines, but nothing that  does as many things as this one.  I started reading the book so I will be ready to use the machine.  Just waiting for the weather to turn so I can spend more time inside to use it."
I love the Brother SE 400 embroidery/sewing machine.  I researched for a year and even tried the Singer SEQS6000 which I returned.  The Singer was constantly bird nesting and breaking needles and very heavy. The Brother was great right out of the box. The needle threader worked only once so I returned it after doing embroidery changing 10 color threads. Amazon sent a new one the same day they picked up my return. I had the same problem with the 2nd one they sent but decided I liked the machine so much I would live with it (I am extremely near sighted so I was disappointed). I finished a mohair teddy bear and several embroidered dish towels.  It handled the bulk of the mohair with no problem.  I love the thread cutter and not having to use a foot pedal.  I would highly recommend the Brother SE 400.
I was very weary about purchasing a machine online so I did alot of research before commiting. I am so happy that I decided on this machine. I do not buy myself alot of things so when I do I am very careful. You will need to be sure to have the correct bobbins or the tension will be off for your bobbin thread. I LOVE IT!!
"Well I have to say that this is a great machine. I have a Singer ce250 and wanted to upgrade. I was looking for a machine you could use without always hooking up to a computer. I like the way this Brother is set up. It didn't take too long to figure out, within  a couple hours I was embroidering. The thread cutter works well and I like that this machine gives you different ways to set a design. I made an apron to try out the sewwing features and I really like the ease of use. Of course I read the instructions which I think explained everything about this machine well. I am able to use my ruffler foot purchased for a Juki f600 which is great, love interchangeble feet. So far I am very happy with this purchase and the price was crazy good."
"I LOVE my machine, brand new and delivered within 24 hours of ordering it, wonderful product and service! I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I know nothing about sewing machines, but I just decided I wanted to learn to sew on a machine.  I went on amazon and for some reason I liked this model the Brother SE 400. The enbroidery part sounded like fun. I went on YouTube and I learned all I could about this model. I learned how to thread the machine and all about the bobbin. I went and made the purchase. I got the sewing machine from amazon  and when i got it i did everything. I threaded and did the  bobbin and it was so simple. I know how to change the foot from sewing to enbroidery. By.mistake I broke the needle which was my fault because putting the hoop for enbroidering I forgot to lift the needle up all the way. But from what i
learned on YouTube I changed the needle with no problem. This machine is simple,quiet and so much fun. I love the auto threading and the machine cuts the thread for you.  I made some monograms on clothes and I want to hem some pants and shirts that need some alterations. Sew if you are looking for something more than just a sewing machine THIS IS IT!"
"I love my Brother machine. I am having a wonderful time learning all the new things that I can do. I have lived my whole life with an old Kenmore (which did great), but I couldn't be happier with my new machine. I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I purchased this machine solely for the embroidery but am now using it for both sewing and embroidery.  I have a home-based business and use it for hours everyday.  It is simple to change out the parts from embroidery to sewing and vice versa.
I would definitely purchase this again and would recommend to others.

Side note - I haven't tried to download designs - therefore I can't comment or base my review on that aspect."
"I'm new to embroidery and got started by accident -- I wanted embroidered towels and the price quoted was so astronomical I figured it would be cheaper to do it myself, and sure enough... it is!
The machine comes with a considerable amount of accessories and very detailed, easy to understand manuals and documentation.
Loading the thread could not be easier: with the autothreader you can actually thread the needle with your eyes closed.
The various bundled feet are identified by a letter and the help on the screen will actually tell you which foot to load for the task you choose.
As a sewing machine, the SE400 is loaded with features: tons of different, adjustable stitches, one-step buttonholes, button sewing... If it's done with thread, you can pretty much assume it will be able to do it. But where it really shines is as an embroidery machine. You can program your own design using the built-in text editor and graphics, but you will probably want to use downloaded art. The machine also feature a reader for Brother cards, but no USB memory stick reader, an unfortunate omission. To load embroidery files in .PES format, you just plug the machine into your computer using the supplied USB cord; it shows up as 512MB volume (this is compatible with any computer supporting USB memory sticks). Copy the designs to this volume, and you're good to go. You can select the design on the SE400 and modify it (90 degree rotation, flip, resizing).
Once you start embroidering the design, the machine tells you what to do and when to change threads. If the thread breaks or you run out of bobbin thread, an error message tells you; it's very easy to reload the thread, roll back a few stitches and restart. The embroidery quality is superb, my friends love their embroidered towels!

Brother should team up with some vendors and supply a starter pack of promotional embroidery essentials; just a few sheets of various stabilizer materials as well as a few small color spools would let you get started on sample projects to get a better idea of how the machine works; in the meantime, here's my suggestion of accessories to order along with the SE400:
-&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Spray-adhesive/dp/B0018N73C6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Spray adhesive</a>&nbsp;to position the stabilizer
- An assortment of 8x8&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/cut-away/dp/B005NX5OQ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">cut away</a>,<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/tear-away/dp/B008QSHHSQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">tear away</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/wash-away/dp/B008QZMSQ0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">wash away</a>&nbsp;stabilizer
- A nice assortment of thread -- don't skimp on the number of colors, look for Amazon recommendations
- Some specialty thread can be nice, I've had a lot of fun with&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/gold-and-silver/dp/B001SHGV0W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">gold and silver</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/glow-in-the-dark/dp/B0035GQPFU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">glow in the dark</a>&nbsp;threads
- A carrying case and boxes for all the bits and bobs; unfortunately, unlike some competing products the SE400 does not offer on-board storage for its numerous easy-to-lose accessories, just a flimsy cloth dust cover. I found one on Amazon but don't like it much so I'm not recommending it.
-&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Spare-needles/dp/B002U0K8H8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Spare needles</a>&nbsp;(the machine comes with a few spare ones)
-&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prewound-bobbins/dp/B0095UWOCS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prewound bobbins</a>&nbsp;because bobbin winding is not fun (the machine comes with a few spare bobbins, but bobbin winding on this machine is not very good)

One not-so-good point: some spools of thread end up always tangling up at the top of the spool if you use the horizontal spool holder as recommended; I found out that with these the vertical holder that attaches to the bobbin winder works best. Some people suggest using a tall glass or a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/thread-holder/dp/B0019KDYL2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">thread holder</a>&nbsp;-- experimenting is best. With the very large spools like the gold and silver threads I referenced above, I end up holding the spool in my hand during the embroidery process, because it tangles up and breaks too easily. Then again, I have very little experience and zero formal training -- there are probably much better ways.

Bottom line, if you're OK with the 4x4 embroidery limit, this is a fabulous machine limited only by your creativity, and the price is incredible for all you get. It's fun, easy to use, incredibly versatile, and tons of fun. Very highly recommended."
"This machine is alright when it works.. I don't like it as much as my old mechanical berninia 1008 which is now with my mother. The needles frequently break, sometimes the bobbin thread is pulled through the top while embroidering, or the machine will cause it to birds nest and destroy the embroidery. Sometimes it birds nests for no reason, and recently the bobbin thread has become too tight and causes the stitching to pucker up despite adjusting the tension in both the bobbin case and at the top. There is resistance when I try to raise and lower the needle.. the needle won't pull the bobbin thread up through the top... the safety function constantly pops up, and the machine makes an awful clicking noise when it sews now. This machine is an utter nightmare. I don't have any money to send it back, much less have it repaired. My boyfriend is both an electrical and mechanical engineer, and can't get it to work properly when he works with industrial machinery and electronics daily. It is impeding my ability to work, as sewing is my main/only source of income. I love the layout of this machine and the many features are incredibly wonderful when it works, but I would invest in a much higher quality machine if I could afford to and probably not from Brother."
I'm sure this machine is fine...but do not order this product through the warehouse deal option!! It was missing parts ans badly damaged!
"I love it. I am still adjusting to it as it has so many functions and the last machine I had was very old and simple... It worked fantastic so far on a few projects and I'm looking forward for more... Still a bit terrified of an embroidery thing but I'm sure I'll get there. Everything is a great quality and works impeccably. My friend who is in sewing business has the same one and she says she uses it constantly and for a very long time, and it works perfect without any hiccups."
"i used it. it is very good.
i think it is also quiet and smart machine i ever got. good"
This is my second machine and I cannot say enough about them. Both work fantastic.  I have used the first non stop with no problems and loved it so much I ordered another.
"We got this machine to replace a worn out White. We've jumped from the oldies to modern technology and it's amazing.  Embroidery is easy == we've even created our own embroidery files to stitch using software.  The hoop isn't large enough to do a great big project, but for what most folks would embroider, it will be just great.  This machine is quiet, fast, reliable.  We've already sewn more projects in the few weeks we've had this than we did in all the years we had the old white.  It makes sewing LOTS OF FUN."
"This is a great machine! I have never owned a sowing machine or an embroidery machine. I have never even been trained on how to use one! The directions are very easy tO read and the machine is very easy to work! My very first project turned out perfect! Lots of options on sewing types. The only complaint I have is that you can't make the font or embroidery patterns very big. But, for the price, it is a great buy! Especially if you are just starting Out!"
"I'm no pro, but I am great at fallowing directions. I tried the embroidery function once, the needle broke on the presser foot. I tried it again, the needle got stuck in my fabric after getting stuck in a jumbled mess that formed under my martial,broke the needle. Again the thread jumbles and makes a horrid mess, destroys my favorite shirt, now I've got days worth of seam-ripping ahead of me, along with a hole in my shirt.  Tried a fancy stitch, the needle broke on the foot again, different foot and the needle could not have been in it's holder tighter. RETURN ON MONDAY AFTER ONLY !/4 A DAYS USE."
"This machine will do what is advertised. You will need to follow the instructions if you expect good results! You need to use good quality thread. Don't expect cheap thin threads to work well (if at all).  Your results will be reflected by what you put  into it.
I would recommend this to some one serious in getting started.  It is not a $10,000 production machine, if that's what you are looking for, save, save, and save some more. This one for the hobbyist looking to add special touches to items.  Kids will love a flower or animal on their shirts or jackets.  Remember  it is for small area's 4X4 inches but if you are clever and careful you can link blocks to make a larger image.....practice!"
"I love this machine. I'm just disappointed that it can't embroider larger than a 4x4. I thought if I purchased a larger hoop, which I did, that I could embroider larger designs."
"Just  got embroidery machine today ( which was 2 days sooner than promised) and played with it for quite a while and sew a pretty pattern right out of the box,except for a small err on my part ( be sure to change the foot on it to the embroidery foot) any way well pleased so far."
This has been the most frustrating machine I have ever worked with. It is so expensive and you need specific thread. The touch screen is user friendly but half the time it says to re-thread the machine and half of my embroidery letters look terrible. It takes forever to get one letter perfect. I have read instructions and spent alot of money on this machine and wish I had purchased a better more expensive one that actually works well. This is a huge disappointment. I can hardly get my products dine with this machine. I do not recommend it at all
"I was very excited to get this machine 3 years ago.  However, I didn't get to actually use it for almost a year. When I finally went to set it up, which should have been a quick process, the machine did not work.  After going through the whole manual & the included CD I asked my husband to do the same. We still kept getting the same error. So we contacted Brothers who told us there was a problem with these machines and they needed to be serviced, free of charge, before the first use. Annoying! So off to the local sewing shop it went.

About a week later I got my machine back and it worked. I used it lightly for the next 2 years since I had a baby during the same time frame and sewing time was precious.  I used the machine and loved it for the alphabets, I never got to try any of the other embroidery designs.

2 weeks ago I went to try and work on a quilt with the sewing end of the Brothers SE400 since my Singer seemed to be on the fritz.  While working on sewing 2 pieces of quilting cotton together it stopped working. I again went through the manual as did my husband. Nothing was working. But figuring it had to be user error I took it back tot he same sewing shop that it had been at before.  Today I got a phone call, the uptake lever is broken.  This is an EXTREMELY important part.  Basically the piece that pulls the thread up after it has grabbed the bobbin thread is broken.  The part is over $100 and not worth investing in a $300 machine.  The repair man I spoke with also told me this is a flimsy machine. While he was a little surprised that mine broke so quickly he really wasn't overly surprised.

My machine was not transported except to & from the repair shop. It sat under my desk in a hard case unless I was using it in which case it came out to the dinning room table or the desk top and was plugged directly into the wall per the manual. I always used interface when embroidering and otherwise followed the instructions.  So now I'm back in the market for an embroidery machine or at least a quilting machine that has built in alphabets. I will not be getting another Brothers machine.

I'm really disappointed too because this machine has some great decorative stitches I wanted to use on my quilting project but I have since finished it with my Singer."
wonderful !  aaaa++++ thank you  thanks for the new in box machine. its just what i wanted for my adventures !
"I have spent the last 2 weeks looking for a new sewing machine! I ordered the Singer Stylist 7258 and then saw the Singer Stylist 9660 sewing and embroidery machine and upgraded and was so excited about the embroidery features.  Unfortunately, when I received the Singer Stylist 9660, while it had a brilliant look, I was so disappointed because you could not enlarge/adjust or add to the fonts and designs, you were stuck with one size.  After reading the reviews, I saw that many people bought the Brother SE 400.

I had sewn in the past and was just getting back into it, so when I saw the option for the embroidery/sewing machine, I thought great.  I'd never, hooped anything, but this machine is so easy to use! The threading system is simple, the needle threader is great, especially since my eyes aren't what they used to be.  This machine also automatically cuts, which saves a ton of thread and clean up time. After being away from sewing for so many years, this machine is like a dream, it does everything!

When my Brother SE 400 arrived, I was embroidering like a professional in about an hour. Within 4 hours, I had downloaded designs and was embroidering them. If you order this machine, do yourself a favor and order stabilizer with the machine because you will need it.  The machine comes with 1 square, which is for 1 project.  It also comes with a bobbin with bobbin thread and a spool of bobbin thread. (bobbin thread is a lightweight thread used when embroidering to reduce bulk)

I purchased several patterns to sew, however, the embroidery feature is so much fun that I haven't actually sewn anything yet... lol  After 3 machines, I am pleasantly and completely satisfied."
love it
"I do enjoy using this machine but I was so used to my other machine, this one seems so much more complicated.  I am not good with technology.  But, I am following the beginning step directions and have done OK so far."
"One year later I am very happy with my purchase.  The embroidery function works well.  The size of the embroidery is small but that is to be expected from such an inexpensive machine.  Always use embroidery thread when embroidering.  Regular thread does not work.

I have successfully downloaded embroidery patterns from the internet.  It takes a bit of trial and error to get them loaded to the machine and you need to follow the instructions carefully.

The regular sewing machine function works very well.  I use the machine mostly for regular sewing with only occasional embroidery."
"I requested a replacement on Sunday. Amazon shipped a new one to me which arrived Tuesday afternoon. Amazon is wonderful - no questions asked. They always do the right thing. That is why I shop with complete confidence on Amazon. I rarely return things - only as a last resort. The new machine works okay so far, but I haven't tested it as much as the first machine I received. I am still in the process of testing the second machine.  So I have changed my review from one star to three stars for the time being. Hopefully my rating will become five stars eventually.

Prior review:
-----------------------------
I was about to give this SE400 Embroidery Sewing Machine 5 stars on Amazon, but now it dropped to 1 star when it locked up today for no reason whatsoever. The Brother troubleshooting guide is next to useless. Did you plug in your machine? There is nothing mentioned about how to resolve anything more complicated than the obvious. And they certainly don't mention how to go about fixing anything.

My wife studied the manual and videos for days to prepare to use this machine. She started out doing several stitch patterns.  It worked quite well.  She managed to create four different embroidery patterns with very good success.  Yesterday, she converted it back to the sewing mode to sew some more simple stitches.  After a few minutes of testing a few different stitch styles, she removed the fabric and turned off the machine. She turned it back on after lunch and the entire sewing machine is totally locked up - cannot do anything.  She cannot even feed thread to an empty bobbin.  The hand crank on the side is frozen, cannot rotate.  If the pressure foot is lowered she gets an orange light indicating something is messed up. The machine makes a vibrating sound like the gears are frozen up. Nothing moves - cannot even fill the bobbin with thread. I cannot see anything that is causing the problem. She has used this machine for about half an hour total.

Written response from Brother: If you are unable to turn the hand wheel, please remove the bobbin case and try again. The bobbin case could be out of place and not allowing it to turn. Should the problem persist, as well as the E1 message, then the machine will need to be evaluated further by an authorized Brother service center.

I tried this already, but tried it again with the same results. It is still locked up.

I am returning this machine. I really don't want to do that, but I think needs a repair before it will work again. We were very careful and cautious with everything. I know we didn't do anything to cause this problem. I've searched on line and I can't find any solution to this. Very disappointed. If anyone has a suggestion, I would like to hear about it."
"Very prompt delivery. I chose this machine as I wanted to replace a 30 year old machine that had given up on me. Love the features on this Brother i.e automatic threader (works perfectly) thread cutter and sewing without having to use foot peddle. Haven't tried embroidery yet. For those wishing to use machine to do patchwork I would suggest buying a 1/4"" foot as I found the normal sewing foot that comes with machine a little confusing. All in all this machine is perfect for me.."
This machine is a Great beginner's embroidery machine. Easy to use with great results. I recommended my sister buy one too. The only draw back is that I have become so addicted to machine embroidery that I already am thinking about bigger designs than this machine can handle. However I love the portability and flexibility. I am so comfortable using the machine I would recommend it to a friend.
This machine is without a doubt a great machine.  The automatic needle threader is a blessing for embroidering a pattern that has several colors.  Absolutely thrilled with this machine.  And the price is  un beatable.
This machine is just what I was looking for. It does exactly what I need it to do. Cant be more pleased with this purchase.
I purchased a used machine from warehouse deals inc. In the middle of sewing the machine just stops working. I had only had the machine for 5 months. I called amazon to get this resolved & was told that there was no contact information on file for this company even though it says in bright red ink that it is fulfilled by Amazon. o_O!!!  So they could not & would not fix my machine nor exchange it & I paid nearly $400 for it!!! Long story short DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM WAREHOUSE DEALS INC if it costs more than $1!!!!! Always buy pricey items NEW!!
Easy to use. Love the way it zips through seams and the embroidery is beautiful!  More than I expected at the price.
"I'm in love with my machine!! I've made three wedding gifts and two baby shower gifts with this machine with out a hitch or high price. And the baskets were full of blankets, bibs, towels, and anything else I could monogram or embellished. It came with spare needles which is good but as long as you tighten the needle in right you're fine; I've had mine for 6 months and I only needed to replace it once because of a User Error.
I have started on Christmas already because I'm having too much fun!"
Fantastic high quality machine. Makes high quality embroideries and the fact that you can connect it to your computer to get the latest software upgrades even makes it better
The best thing my hubby could of bought me. It is so fun and relaxing to work with this machine. I would recommend it to everyone and have.
"I think this is a great machine for most sewing and embroidery applications.  However, my machine's automatic needle threading device does not work properly.  I'm sure it needs an adjustment, but I am not sure how to do this.  The directions for this machine appear to have been translated into English from Japanese...and leave quite a bit to be desired.  Otherwise, a great machine."
"This was the best investment I ever made. For an amateur like myself, this machine is the perfect fit. Love it!!!"
Good machine but make sure your foot is on right because I've broken a few needles when it gets loose. Also some thread is an issue.
"I LOVE this machine.  I had struggled with my Singer Quantum Futura for years, and just bought my Brother SE 400 yesterday to replace it.  I wish I had done this ages ago.  I was only able to get 3 embroidery projects out of my Futura before that function stopped working (and because I bought a display model, no warranty).  Once the sewing function started to go, even after cleaning and tensioning, I finally spent the money for a new machine.  I am so happy with the Brother.

It's not just the nifty features (like the button that cuts your thread for you); setup out of the box was simple and quick.  There is plenty of support too online at Brother's website and on forums, and I've been pleased so far with how awesome the machine is (it is lovely to be able to sew without the bobbin tangling or having it beep at me every eight stitches like the Futura did)."
I am really pleased with this machine. I feel that it is easy to learn to use it and that it is a good buy for the money.  It is versatile in what it does automatically and easily expandable.  I am really happy with this machine and will use it more than my top dollar Viking machine. I love the embroidery! It is fun to watch the machine work. Overall very satisfied with this purchase.
Brother SE400 is an amazing machine.  I had never used a sewing machine in my life and was scared I wouldnt be able to use it.  The instruction manual is so easy to understand and the machine is extremely easy to use.  I love the ability to do embroidery!  It is so easy to do!  Overall I am very satisfied with it and would recommend it to any friend.
"I'm new at embroidery , order this machine 2 months ago, did some embroidery design, and it stitch beautifully, love the needle threader, better than my janome threader, and love the drop in bobbin. It is great for learning embroidery and sew's really good. The only thing is now, I'm ready for an upgrade. Here to dreaming of owning a Brother V5."
I haven't tried embroidery yet. Sewed beautifully straight put of the box. I need to read the book on the needle threader.  I just did it the old fashioned way.  Love the LED light.
This little combination embroidery / sewing machine cams well packed in the original packing. It is being used to teach the world's three greatest granddaughters (9-15) how to sew. It is easy to set up (after you flip the factory installed bobbin winder attachment over into it proper position). They were able to make their first project without a hitch due to the ease of this machine. It is now a Pro machine but for under $400 it is a great starter tool or would be good as a travel machine.
"I spent last week's spare minutes reading each and every 530+ reviews given here for the SE400 before deciding to plunge in and get one. I have owned top of the line Elna and Viking sewing machines over the years but wanted to get my feet wet with an entry-level embroidery machine. So many of the reviews were not only helpful but an education in themselves regarding the whole machine embroidery scene. By the time my machine arrived, I felt like I had already bonded with it and it's capabilities. I had also spent shipping-time looking over the many helpful (and some so NOT helpful!) YouTube videos expressly related to the SE400. I also got to know the machine via the Brother International website. That is where I learned how to quickly and easily download free designs and put them into a folder on my computer to retrieve later.
When my machine arrived a couple days ago, I had it completely set up and threaded within 35 minutes 8~D. I was especially amazed how thorough/lengthy/comprehensive the manual is! I am a long-time seamstress/teacher so feel I could sit down at about any machine and get comfortable pretty quick but the fact that so much is considered in this manual makes me want to read every word of it! The CD that comes with the machine is done very well and is a great resource to have. I was impressed that the machine felt heavy and sturdy because others said it felt light and flimsy. It is smaller than other embroidery machines but no smaller than regular sewing machines. It is a really stout machine.
I wanted to write this review quickly --as opposed to waiting until I actually had tried more of the machine's features-- because I wanted to praise Amazon for a policy that they honored for me today. Because I just had this machine delivered to me a couple days ago -- and the machine price has plummeted another $31.35!! from the already low price stated last week of $300.78 -- I was able to contact customer service and request that I be refunded the difference. Which they courteously and immediately did while thanking me all the while for my loyalty to shopping with Amazon! Whoot! And I would not have even been aware of this policy (price changes within 7 days of product being delivered) if I hadn't read a similar review on this very machine. Now I am MORE positive that the machine is worth every (less) penny it has cost me... and I took the $ credit and turned around and researched a good embroidery thread that Amazon could ship to me. {smile}
Thank you Amazon for the excellent price on the Brother SE400 and for honoring your customer satisfaction policies. And thank you Reviewers for taking time to write the very helpful and convincing comments regarding this product -- YOU convinced me to buy! Most of all, thank you Brother for making a totally versatile less-expensive amazing home sewing & embroidery machine that will not only serve my ""entry-level"" phase, but hopefully for many more years to come.

{BTW, be sure to make arrangements prior to it's delivery if you do not wish for a boldly emblazoned sewing machine box flashing to others on your doorstep -- it does not come in a brown paper box. My ""Mr. Brown"" was trying to situate the welcome mat over it to disguise it!}"
"I've owned my SE400 for about 2 months now.  I wanted to wait on my review until I'd been able to use it for a few projects.  Having done that, I've decided this is a great machine.  Initially, I had some trouble with embroidering (thread kept snapping); this turned out to be thread-related and once I upgraded to Madeira and Sulky, there were no more issues.  The sewing functions work well.  The only issues I've had were caused by threads or dust getting under the feed dogs, which I remedy with a can of compressed air such as you would use for a laptop and/or tweezers.

It has several features I love, as compared to the older machine I'd previously used:  1) auto-threader (certain feet get in the way so you have to be sure to thread before snapping them on), 2) the button hole foot automatically determines size if your button fits in the little ""spot"", 3) intuitive features and easy to read screen.  The only con I can come up with is that I wish it had come with more of the specialty feet and that is very minor."
This is a great beginner embroidery machine. I found it very easy to use. It comes with a dvd to explain how to set up the embroidery function and the sewing function (separate parts).
"We have done >20 projects on this machine. This machine works well and is easy to use. We have downloaded many embroidery patterns off the internet and used a wide variety of the pre-programmed stitches and patterns. We love the needle threading mechanism, a must-have since for embroidery projects you change the thread often. My 9-year old daughter loves programming the embroidery patterns and she does all the thread changes herself. The manual is well written and clear."
I was always curious how embroidery machines worked.  I ordered this and can't believe all the embroidery I can do on it.  I would definitely recomment it to anyone wanting to buy a first embroidery machine.  It is also a sewing machine.
"yes this machine is good. I did really want it for the embroidery part, but that is okay. I wanted it because it was what I wanted in the sewing feathers -thread cutter -threading the thread -so many things I do like. two thumbs up."
"I love this machine, is so smooth and the embroidery is so beautiful!
I am so happy for my decision in buying it."
"I'VE ONLY HAD THIS MACHINE FOR A COUPLE OF WEEKS, BUT SO FAR I REALLY LIKE IT. IT'S VERY EASY TO USE AND THE GUIDE IS EASY TO FIGURE OUT. I CAN'T WAIT TO START THE EMBROIDERY PART. FAST SHIPPING."
Love this!! Super easy to use!! I am new to all of this and I caught on quickly! Have recommended to friends!
"Sat down and reviewed the book and the videos.  I have another Brother machine, but it only sews and I found this machine is easy to use.  My first attempt came out perfect!  I highly recommend this for a beginner."
"This is my first sewing machine and I use it often for quilting, home projects and sewing repair s for my family. I'm new at quilting, but this machine has made it so easy I find myself in my quilting room daily to relax. The machine was very easy to learn to use , I have even order extra feet and thought myself how to use them. I recently completed a craft size quilt, new drapes with matching pillows. My family couldn't believe I created these things myself, so much so my sister and nieces have put in requests for quilts and matching pillows.

The only complaint I have is sometimes after changing the bobbin thread I get under thread looping which is a pain in the butt to adjust and get back on track. Other then that I'm in love with this machine, so much so I'm looking for a bigger more heavy duty quilting Brother machine....so if any of you out there have any suggestions on Brother quilting machines please let me know."
"Solid, sturdy machine. Plastic casing, metal frame. Touch screen is easy to use and works well. Quick and easy to thread bobbin, load into bobbin case and get going. I can thread bobbin and top thread in less than one minute, including winding time. You have to unplug the foot pedal controller every time though.

Very delicate needle threading component. A tiny metal wire threads the needle and it gets bent out of shape easily. Then it is unusable. I can thread the needle on my own but it is disappointing, none the less.

Automatic thread cutter is a big time saver especially for applique, free motion and quilting. Doesn't always work.

Sometimes the bobbin thread gets caught on a metal bar beneath the feed dogs. Then you have a mess to dig out, and if you don't notice it immediately, a ton of loops on the bottom of your work. The biggest hassle of this machine is taking the metal plate off to get to the feed dogs and clean in there. Just a tiny key with a flat-head driver you must use to unscrew two screws. My hands are small and I still bang up my knuckles trying to get it off. DON'T over tighten it :(

Selection of stitches is nice, and the screen reminds you which foot you need. There is one straight stitch that will automatically sew 3 back stitches without pressing a button, and when you are at the end of the row, pressing the reverse stitch once will sew 3 more back stitches and 3 forward. The reverse button will move slowly if only the button is pressed. You can use the foot control pedal and stitch backwards just as quickly as you can forwards. I wish there were more overcasting stitches.

It is easy to change stitch width and length on the touchscreen. You can save custom settings. One button on the touchscreen will mirror the stitch.

You CAN use this machine for heavy-duty applications. I've sewn 3-4 layers of canvas, heavy-weight nylon cordura, foam etc. If you can cram it between the feed dogs and presser foot, that is. A lever for the presser foot is conveniently there and you can lift it 'slightly' while sewing to allow the feed dogs to move the fabric.

I taught myself how to sew with this machine. I've sewn heavyweight canvas backpacks and knit cotton panties with lace trim - versatile enough for almost any home or hobby project.

Sorry, no use of the embroidery functions yet."
"AFTER THREE MONTHS GOING OVER SEVERAL SELECTIONS OF VARIOUS SEWING MACHINE AND READING THEIR REVIEWS ... I DECIDED THIS ONE  "" BROTHER SE 400 COMBINATION COMPUTERIZED SEWING AND 4*4 EMBROIDERY MACHINE WITH 67 BUILT -IN STITCHES ETC , ETC,  WOULD BE THE BEST CHOICE FOR A GIFT TO MY MOM ...  .....  SHE HAS BE SEWING FOR MORE THAN FIFTY FIVE  (55 ) YEARS  --- THATS EXPERIENCE -- I BOUGHT THIS MACHINE + ACCESSORIES ON 4th JUNE 2013 FOR IN EXCESS OF $585.00  ..

  DELIVER TIME WAS GREAT ... MACHINE LOOKS GREAT ...###  TODAY AUGUST 21st 2013 , -- THREE MONTHS AFTER ***  WE AND I MEAN , WE ***  STILL CANNOT GET THIS  "" DAM MACHINE TO THREAD AND STAY THREADED TO SEW ANYTHING *** ... I AM SO , SO DAM FED UP WITH JUST TRYING TO KEEP IT THREADED  ....WHENEVER YOU SEW SOMETHING THE THREADING GETS DISCONNECTED ...

  TODAY AUGUST 21 st 2013 , SO DISAPPOINTED I DECIDED TO PURCHASE A SINGER HEAVY DUTY SEWING MACHINE 4423 FOR HER  ,,,, I HOPE THIS
 WORK .... IT IS DUE TO ARRIVE ON MONDAY 26th AUGUST 2013 ...

  I AM SO DISAPPOINTED WITH THAT PURCHASE ... I GUESS I MAY HAVE TO DONATE IT TO  "" GOOD WILL "".... SORRY  , I SHOULD NOT , --- IT DOES NO STAY THREADED ..... HELL , I JUST WASTED $585.00 .... VERNON ..."
"Got this for my birthday and was thrilled! I am crafty but haven't used a machine for many years. The instructions were very simple and I was sewing and even embroidering in no time. If you already use a machine, the next model up may be a better choice but for a novice, this is perfect!"
"OK I have used everything from Singer Treadle machines, Kenmore Zig Zag 1970's something, and more. After 10 years of not having access to my good Kenmore machine, (someday Maybe I can get the ex to let me have it out of storage), I was needing a hobby to get back into. Well this machine has been more than just getting me back in. I have had this one for a little over a month and have already made 3 quilt's because of it. The big downfall I had was the Big quilt I was making would not fit in the neck, so had to find an Old style Singer that would compensate the size of the quilt, but with the ease of sewing on the Brother I was able to create something I never would have thought of. The second one I Embroidered Bears in 12 different Patterns and one with my Grandsons name (you can change the way the Letters sit and the size) on it for his Christmas present. I had so much fun making the block's with the SE400. Whatever you do, you have to have a good selection of Thread colors. Invest in them, it is worth it. I am not at all disappointed in what I got when getting this Wonderful Machine. As my man decided we needed a good Machine we researched many different machines. The Brother SE400 beat everything else out for price, ability, and (what I will call my tight fingers not wanting to spend money on) the built in patterns. The ease (once you learn how, always make sure they are unzipped files) of loading patterns into the machine and being able to see what is going to stitch you can change the color of the thread and make each pattern special to what design you need or want. The Brother SE400 is easy to use, But Yes read up and do some research before you start, It will make your project come out much nicer and easier. I have not yet bought any Programs, as I said I have tight finger's and hate to spend money. I have downloaded many free ones though, like I said do some research there are a lot of sites that have free patterns. Best of all My wonderful man also is looking at patterns for things he wants to make personal, all his own. I want to say when we got the SE400 there was a bit of mending that was needing to be done. I found it was so much easier being able to just set a frame pattern over a patch and embroider it instead of trying to turn the garment and sew around the patch, being able to adjust the pattern size and angle of degree is great. For me this has become my favorite past time. I have spent so many hours enjoying my Brother SE400 I don't know how I did without it for so long. Very good investment and easy to use, I don't think you will be disappointed in anything you create with this machine. Have fun and let your imagination go. It will be worth it."
"My Singer--after 30 years died :(  So, I researched all the machines on the market.  If you've neven done machine embroidery or were afraid to have a computerized sewing machine... let me put your mind to rest.  This machine rocks!  The websites to download embroidery patterns offer endless ideas and prices are very affordable.  I just hook up the USB port from the machine to my laptop and sew things I never dreamed of creating.  It is very user friendly.  For embroidery, you will need to purchase a good variety of thread colors, tear away stablizers, iron on-removable stablizers, and also some water soluable.  About the thread... Amazon offers some variety packs.  However, when needing additional colors individually, I found the website for Thread Art. com, very helpful.  They also offer blank items to embroider.  Don't hesitate to buy this machine.  It's a great investment."
I couldn't be more pleased with my new Brother SE400!  It does everything I ever expected it to do - and more.  WONDERFUL!!
"although I haven't been able to use this much, I love it. Works great as a regular sewing machine and embroidery!"
I went from a 15 year old Brother to this machine and was astounded at how much better it was. I know a lot has improved but this machine is super smooth and has so many great and useful stitches. I use it mostly for quilting and it does that amazingly well. There is a learning curve with the embroidery to get it to look good but it's not too difficult. If you have never embroidered before like me you will have to learn what types of stabilizer and materials work best. I ruined a lot of fabric learning. That's more my fault than the machine because I just assumed I knew what I was doing and didn't. Definitely order the adjustable hoop as well because this hoop is small and you will outgrow it quick. Because it use it mostly for sewing and not embroidery it works great for me.
"I am moving so I have not opened my machine, I am so looking forewRd to using it, I know it is the best."
"I love this machine. Sooo much better than my Singer Simple. I purchased this machine because of the embroidery capabilities and I do love that new designs can be downloaded onto this machine but one thing I don't like is that in order to do initials you really need embroidery software (which you have to buy). This machine does lettering BUT if you want to make the middle initial larger than the other two initials it will not do this. All initial letters will be the same size. I will be ordering software because of this. This machine sews great. It is so smooth and doesn't jam like my other machine. I have had this machine for a few days and have sewed and embroidered constantly and it is just perfect. I have had no issues with it other than the monogramming sizing. Also I have to say that letters and names can be sized bigger or smaller it's just if you want some to do the popular initials with the larger one in the middle it will not do this unless you disconnect the hoop and reposition your hoop for each letter but I imagine that would be very hard to keep everything lined up perfectly. Also, embroiderydesigns.com lets you download three free designs per week that will work for this machine. The scissor button is awesome. Instead of reaching for the scissors constantly while sewing all you have to do is press the scissor button and it cuts the thread for you! That to me isn't really necessary but a nice plus when owning this machine. Amazon has great deals for embroidery thread as well. I bought mine in a lot of 40 because it was cheaper than buying it per spool at my local store. I also purchased a smaller hoop. The one that comes with it is medium size. It is a 4x4. A smaller one is good to have for doing children's clothing and smaller projects that are closer to the neckline of clothes, etc. For those of you who have never owned an embroidery machine you will need embroidery thread as well as regular sewing thread and stabilizer. I use the tear away stabilizer but I believe for stretchy fabrics such as t-shirts you need a stabilizer that doesn't tear off. I hope this review helps someone!"
"My 20 year old Singer machine has never given me any problems and will continue to be used, I had wanted a few more bells and whistles for my novelty itch that comes and goes.  Out of the box, I was able to set up and test a few embroidery items with no problem [and I've never embroidered on a machine before]. The lines were clean and professional no problem. It will take some getting used to with the auto threader and speed control function, especially when not using the foot pedal but overall Im excited to put some projects on the to do list. If you want a fast speed machine, this might not be your machine of choice.  It goes fast, but not like my other machine.  Im not sure if this is a safety function when you are not using a foot pedal or not, but it was not as fast as I expected.  Im so used to manual adjustments with tension-width-length that it was nice to see a consistent stitch with no problem or adjustments needed.

Anyone looking for a machine with bells and whistles without paying a huge price, I would recommend this to any beginner. I considered a Baby Lock machine, but didn't want to pay the cost.  Then I learned Brother makes Baby Lock it was a no brainer that Id stick to the lower cost and options since Im not a full time seamstress and pull out my machine less than a dozen times a year. I am a happy camper!"
"After replacing my 8 year old husquarna or however you spell it, I was able to make 8 items in the time it took to make 2.  Super easy to use right out of the box.  The LCD help guides are amazing when I forget how to wind the bobbin etc.  The learning curve is quick on this machine and the users Manuel is very beginner friendly. I learned more in the first couple of uses then my 8 years of having my other machine. Can't wait to learn more about this machine, sewing techinques and do some embroidery for the first time in my life.

Side note: the original listing price on Amazon is marked up by about $400 more then Brother actually sells it for.  [...] Savings on Amazon are still worth it plus free shipping:)"
"It is a really good product. I do not know that the time flies for fun the various utilization is high, and put the embroidery."
This machine is the greatest thing ever invented and my projects are so surprising to every one. Thanks so much!
"I have had this machine for less than 2 months.  Every single time I have used it (only use embroidery function) the machine has issues.  What should be a simple 10-15 minute project is literally taking hours of my time and energy!  The thread breaks, the thread gets jumbled together with the bobbin thread under the stabilizer.  I am constantly re-threading, cutting jumbled up thread, etc, etc, etc!  I cannot get through one small, simple project at all now.  :(

What was meant to be a fun new piece of equipment has quickly turned into a major headache!  And, of course, I cannot return it now!  Amazon really needs at least a 60 or 90 day return policy in order to really know if the items you buy are junk!

There are actually features on this machine that I like.  For one, without the aforementioned issues, it is rather simple to understand and use.  If I could have the issues resolved I would be a very happy person!"
This machine was extremely easy to adjust to.  Very easy to use.  I have had no issues with it and it has been used every day since purchase.
"I watched reviews (and bugged my family) about this sewing/embroidery machine for months before finally buying it from Amazon.  I must confess, I still haven't watched the CD that came with it, and haven't yet gotten a laptop so that I can transfer new designs onto the machine.  And, I don't have nearly the time that I'd like to play with this.  BUT, I have made a couple of crafts (double pen wallet, monogrammed; book cover with title embroidered on it) as gifts for others, as well as putting patch pocket on some pants (which I'd never done before) with a butterfly pretty well embroidered on it, all without having to follow directions (and that's no like me).  I finished off a blouse I'd stitched years before on ""practice"" material and have worn it twice to work occasions, because the double-needle stitching is pretty impressive.

And, somehow, the machine calls me, from behind locked doors, to come and use it again, and again....

I would warn anyone that when trying out the embroidery designs that come with the machine, to pay attention to the amount of time a design takes, and how many thread changes are involved.  I stupidly chose the basket of flowers for the first thing, which was one of the most involved designs.

Also, don't force the hoop -- I had my daughter do that, and a part of the screw flew off, which we have never found.  However, we are still largely able to use the hoop.

The past few months have been stressful for our family, but my teenaged daughter and I have found that ""sewing therapy,"" done together, has been vastly more therapeutic and less expensive than seeing a psychotherapist.  (Hmm, mightn't that justify the purchase of a higher-end machine??)"
"My wife used this to make countless shirts for friends and family. She likes it, but says it is limiting due the size restrictions. We were able to connect it to our PC via a usb extension cable. This allowed her to save designs she purchased online and copy them to the device as needed (I assume it has limited storage on board). The only other issue she mentioned was that she was frustrated at the number of needles that it broke, but admitted it might be something she was doing."
"i haven't had all the time in the world to do all i want with it, but im loving it"
"I love this machine was able to use it right away with no problem it works well I have used it everyday since I received it
I believe it has been almost 2 months. I am addicted to it.
I can't say enough good things about it."
"This machine is an unbelievably good deal, a fraction of the cost of a comparable embroidery machine I've enjoyed for many years  ."
love it highly recommend this machine wish the loop was a little bigger but i made it work for what i needed. it took some time to get to get used to all the new features my old machine didn't have but i love it and wouldnt trade back if i had to!
"I am absolutely completely satisfied with this embroidery machine and sewing machine!  The best advice I can give you is to buy top quality thread (like Madeira and Gutermann) follow the manual instructions carefully and you will be sewing with a machine that can do things only $2000-$4000 machines can do in bigger ""name brands""  Even if it doesn't last me 10-20 years, I think it is a great stepping stone to a better embroidery machine down the line (like one that does larger embroideries).  emblibrary.com is a great place to get some really cute embroidery designs.  The only other tip I will give you is, unless you are planning to spend about $100 to get an embroidery writing software, don't waste your money on other fonts, just use those included so you can more easily make words and phrases.  But overall I highly recommend this to novice to expert seamstresses who want an incredible bang for your buck!"
"This sewing machine exceeded my expectations, and I am so pleased! I still consider myself a beginner; I have attended one class and learned some of the simpler processes of sewing from my grandmother as a child. I wanted to purchase a ""real"" machine, as my outdated and far too basic first machine was in need of repair. I also love monograms and the look of embroidery, so instead of paying $5-$20 dollars to another seamstress, I wanted to be able to create my own. This machine was the perfect combination. As always, Amazon was wonderful- fast shipping, safe packaging, reasonable price (I scored this machine during a great sale, although I know now I probably would have paid full price for the quality I received). I literally took the machine out of the box, opened the owner's manual, and began sewing- it is absolutely user friendly! I have made a shirt, 2 sets of curtains, and patterned pockets for tees. I also plan to begin using some of the built-in fonts this weekend! Based on the use I have gotten out of the SE400 thus far, I feel that the embroidery feature will be superb as well. I have waited a while to try monogramming, but only because I have been researching different software packages to download designs and fonts from the Internet. The included fonts are nice, but a little too basic for the projects I have in mind. I want to do a ""test-run"" with the built-in fonts before splurging on pricey software, however, I truly believe the options will be endless once I decide on the right software for me. I look forward to getting many years of use out of this sewing machine. The Brother SE400 is phenomenal and I highly recommend it!"
"I love this embrodiery machine it is easy to use. My 13 year old grand daughter can use it. The price was great and the computer sight is very helpful. I would recoment this machine to any one that would like to sew ,quilt or embroidery
it does it all."
"After considerable research, I purchased this cute little machine primarily for my teen age grand daughter to use. She enjoys being creative, and since there is a way she can create and digitize her own designs....I thought this would be a great starter for that. Meanwhile. the predesigned embroidery and the built in font designs are very nice. It's easy to thread, and seems to be well worth the money. We've had it long enough now for me to say it was a good purchase."
Very handy. I love this sewing machine. It has most the things one needs in a sewing machine. Simple to use.
"I'm on my third machine, luckily I was able to exchange my first two, but the third I was force to bring to an authorized repair place. I only use their thread and bobbin thread and my machine developed hair line cracks in the #2 threading area which either cause the thread tension to get off and nest or the thread kept breaking. I didn't see the cracks at first as so I spent hundreds of dollars and countless hours on the phone with their support. Now since the last machine was exchanged in May 2013, I want my money back but brother refuses to honor their warranty, they only want to repair, yet on their higher end model they have add a metal reinforced to that area so clearly they are aware that's it is defective."
"I am so happy with my sewing and embroidery machine.  I thought I would have trouble learning all the features, but once I started using it, it was so user friendly.  Couldn't wait to use the embroidery part and made a mistake riight off by forgetting to change thread. Then tried to back up but couldn't figure out how to do it.  So put that project aside and gave up.  Yesterday I tried again and my thread got caught up on something and pulled out of the needle and the machine took a few threadless stitches before I shut it off.  Googled what to do and it said the manual would explain the steps and finally found it in the back of the manual and I did what it said, and  ""WALLAl"" it worked.  I didn't mess up and finished the design beautifully.  I just love how this machine works.  I could sit and sew or embroidery all day."
Worked as promised. Cheaper than Walmart.
"I'm just an amateur sewer so this machine exceeds all my expectations. The enclosed dvd was a godsend. I had been watching this machine for a while but it was priced a bit higher than I cared to spend. When it went on sale, I jumped all over it. Two days after I got it, the price went back to normal. I use it almost every day and have learned so much because it's so easy to use. Love it, love it, love it.."
"I've been sewing for 30 years, quilting for 20 and really, really wanted something other than an $89.00 Singer. Read all the reviews I could find.  Did all the research.  Thought about it for months.  Shouldn't have bought it.  Didn't have the money.

Ignoring all reason, I bought this bad boy back in August.  I've used it just about everyday since it hit my door.  Love the drop-in bobbin,  the needle threader, the built-in thread cutter, the speed control and the fact that I don't have to use my foot pedal, the drop down feed dogs and the bobbin sensor.  Oh and most important.... I LOVE (are you sitting down?) the fact that the instruction booklet is ONLY in English....What?....that's what I said! (there's a completely separate book for Spanish)

I don't love that item # 6 in the ""IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS"" states that ""THIS MACHINE IS NOT A TOY"".  I think I wet myself laughing when I read that.  It's the most fun you can have in a room all by yourself.  What else on GOD's green earth would it be but a toy.  Right?

And the prize in the box......not some tiny little stinkin' smeary tattoo.......it embroiders!  OMGoodness!  What a machine!  Never thought I'd own something that embroidered.  Slide on the embroidery unit, hoop your project, thread the machine, change the foot, push a couple buttons and walk away and do the dishes!  Well sort of but you get my meaning......Couldn't be any easier.  A lot quicker than doing it by hand that's for sure.  I would recommend buying embroidery thread and stabilizer with the machine so you're not sitting around waiting and wondering why.  Nothing worse than getting a new game console and having no joy stick!  I'm just sayin!

It's not all sunshine and daisies there are a couple things that could make it better and should be given some thought before purchasing......
  #1:  It would be wonderful if you could just plug in a flash drive.
  #2:  I'd like it to embroider bigger designs than a 4"" x 4"".
  #3:  I wish it digitized designs.
I knew these things before I bought it and was willing to sacrifice these bonuses for the price.  There are ways around all of them.  I just plug in my computer (instead of spending more money for the specialized memory card).  Re-hoop my project.  Last but by no means least, I'm in the process of researching digitizing software.

There are a couple free software packages out there.....SophieSew and Thredworks.  I just spent the last couple hours reading reviews and watching tutorials for SophieSew.  Apparently it's free because it's still being written (or so I heard).  ""They"" say it has a couple glitches....freezes up....but if you save OFTEN it shouldn't be much of a problem.  Think I might be willing to deal with that for FREE and save hundreds of dollars (if not a thousand).  Will probably download this weekend and check it out but it looks like lots of fun.  I haven't researched Thredworks yet.

To sum it up.  Take the plunge.  This is the best investment I've ever made!  It's paid for itself twice over since August."
i love it soo much ...it's amazing for every thing from cloth sewing to quilting ....i just wish the embroidery software were cheaper than 300 $ but other than that it's amazing and i recommend it big time
"I previously had an industrial machine, and had to sell it after moving away. I now find myself in a country where such machines are impossible to find or import. I have missed doing my embroidery and decided to get this little machine because it was a two in one. I LOVE it!!!!!!! I can sew and embroider to my hearts content."
"This is the first time I have an embroidery machine and I'm very happy to purchase it.  Yes, a great purchase!!!  My recommendation is to purchase threads and stabilizer at the same time, so you don't have to wait to use the machine once you receive it."
I have only used this machine very little. But am looking forward to sewing more. Everything works great. Good instructions.
"I bought this machine because I wanted to be able to sew and do embroidery. I read the reviews and it sounded like just what I wanted. I have only used it for straight sewing so far. Otherwise I would have given it only one star. The feed pulls the fabric to one side causing me to have to constantly pull on it to get a consistent seam size. That creates an uneven stitch count. It is impossible to get a straight, even seam line. I have been sewing for almost 50 years and this is the first time I have encountered this problem. I don't even want to sew, it makes me so frustrated. I have finally come to accept that I will have to buy a plain sewing machine if I want to finish my sewing project."
"I am new to the embroidery scene and after extensive research and with the help of amazon reviewers, I decided on the brother se400 for the price and ease of use.  I have now had the machine for several weeks and cannot stop using it!  I love both the embroidery and sewing machine.  The screen is easy to use, the many decorative stitches are fun and the embroidery was so easy.  Within 20 minutes of getting the machine, I had already downloaded images from one of many online embroidery sites and was crafting away.  Love it!"
I bought a Singer about 15years ago I had sewed since I was a teenager I tried everything with that machine finally just packed it away a stopped. A couple weeks ago I decided to give this Brothers SE 400 a try what the heck I could sew a seam with it with out wanting to throw it across the floor so next I tried to embroidery with it that worked if I have a question I go to you tube with my tablet on my lap and they show you what to do it's so much easier then the manual or DVD. So far I love it and the price is right.
Bought my machine several months ago.  So far I have not had any problems others have had.  Super easy to use!  I love it!  I have done several embroidery projects as well as regular sewing and even used it to quilt a queen sized quilt!  This is a GREAT machine!
The Brother SE400 Combination Computerized Sewing and 4x4 Embroidery Machine takes a little time to figure out but runs like a charm after that. Great machine.
"I did a TON of research before purchasing this sewing machine and my decision was based largely on the customer reviews - THANK YOU to all of the people taking the time to describe the technical specifications of this machine.  It really is one of the best sewing machines I have seen.  I've been sewing now for about 3 years and my first machine was a mechanical Singer which is what i learned on.  I wish I started out using the Brother SE-400.  The MOST USEFUL feature that does not get enough attention for a beginner is the SPEED CONTROL LEVER.  For me as a beginner, I liked being able to SLOW DOWN, especially when I was learning to sew around curves.  The automatic needle threader and automatic thread cutter are features seen on very high-end expensive machines and they are very convenient.  And those high-end brand machines with these features cost over $1000+.  I've taken my machine back-and-forth in a rolling case to sewing class and it never goes out of alignment - it seems very sturdy.  Overall, for the price of this machine, it is DEFINITELY the best value out there."
"This is the best machine ever. If you do not have one you NEED to get one.  It is easy to use, and for what it does the price is not bad.  Go on Amazon and find one, get it and you will see what I mean.  I teach sewing and encourage my student to get one when they can afford it.  Great for beginning embroidery buffs.....I love my new toy.  Iv'e even named her...""Tilly"". I couldn't wait till I got her."
I haven't gotten to play with it nearly enough but just the ease of use where the software and design are concerned make it worth the $$$$$!!!!
"Wow I have sewn for years on all different brands of machines,and this little machine sews and embroiders beautifully.
I think it is more of a quilters machine due to the lack of fancy stitches ,but I have another machine that takes care of the fancier stitching. It is a fantastic buy for its price and would recommend it to anyone starting out in the sewing, embroidery , or quilting  arts, I also purchased one for our grandaughter who has made some wonderful items on her beater machine which had finally given up working."
I wanted a machine that had many capabilities but I had a small budget.  This machine is loaded with fun and options.  I have great success in purchasing items through Amazon!
"This machine is great for steady sewing use so far. I am excited to see how the embroidery functions work, but I trust the reviewers here. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a starter embroidery machine that does not want to sacrifice sewing function."
"After reading all the positive reviews, I, too, was sold and purchased this Embroidery machine.  I found that it did a good job with larger prints and fonts, but as you started making things smaller the machine started showing its weaknesses.  I tried putting .5 inch lettering on the breast of several shirts - it consistently broke needles and birdnested the bobbin case, even sucking the material into the bobbin case and destroyed the material because it had to be cut out.  These weren't one-time occurrences - they happened over and over with different materials, threads and needles.  Ultimately, I sent this machine back because I really needed it to do small lettering and the occasional material getting ruined was unacceptable.

When doing patterns and fonts over 1 inch there were far fewer problems.  It still broke the occasional needle and had bobbin birdnests once or twice, but the issues were much fewer and further in between.

I ended up purchasing a Janome 300e.  While the feature set pales when compared to the Brother, I had absolutely no issues whatsoever.  No broken needles, no bobbin birdnests, and simply no issues after literally over 500,000 stitches.

Pros:
 - Great price
 - Incredible feature set
 - Good quality on larger designs (over 1"")

Cons:
 - Broken needles, broken needles and more $#^%&@$ broken needles!
 - Destroying the fabric by sucking it into the bobbin case
 - Birdnests in the bobbin case
 - Poor quality on smaller (under 1"") designs

It is hard to justify the price of the Janome given the price and features of this Brother, but the quality of stitching makes up for the difference.  If you are truly a weekender that wants to use this machine occasionally for family gifts, then the Brother will probably work great for you.  However, if you plan on using it a lot then get the Janome.  You will be glad that you did."
"I'm loving this machine.  I've never owned a machine that is this easy to set the tension and have it sew.  Love the bobbin feature.  Just drop it in there's no trying to catch the bobbin thread up, it does it all.  I would definitely recommend this machine to my friends."
"I had purchased a more expensive Janome machine that did not do embroidery then found this one, I don't even use the other one anymore.  The Brother SE400 is easy to use, directions in the manual are pictured making them a breeze to understand.  The only time I experienced a broken needle was through my own fault, I used the wrong foot!  Stitches are neat and precise which is a real plus since I've been doing quilting more than anything.  The automatic needle threader is really handy and works like a charm.  You can't go wrong for the price, this machine makes sewing enjoyable with wonderful results."
"I had no problems using this machine for the first time.  Embroiders beautifully.  Sews great. I really like the thread cutting feature, I use it a lot. I also have a cs6000i brother machine.  Price is also good.  I am new to embroidery so I am learning."
"For years I have sewn everything with a very basic Brother sewing machine purchased on a Black Friday for about 55 dollars. I love to hand embroider, and I started dreaming about having an embroidery sewing machine. But I also wanted a nice computerized sewing machine with a lot more stitches than what my basic has. The SE400 turned out to be perfect for me. I lifted it right out of the box and started using it. With a basic machine, I admit that I never changed the presser foot that often. This machine comes with great instructions and a DVD that has now taught me how to easily change out the presser feet. It is a dream to thread--so easy to change out the spools, and it threads the needle automatically--love that feature. I have already learned so much with this machine, and although I've only had it a few weeks, I've already done several embroideries on skirts, shorts and shirts. I think anyone could learn how to use it."
Very easy to use! the pattern is small but it does small detail very well! I am very impressed! Recommend to anyone starting out!
"I am so astonished at how easy my quilting is with my Brother SE 400!  I am not an expert quilter, I do a lot of rag quilting.  With my Singer (low end $) I struggled with broken thread, tension problems, etc.  my Brother is a dream to use., and the directions on how to use the machine are at your fingertips.  It has a needle threaders and a cut thread button that makes projects fly.  I have also found quite a few you tube videos on how to use the Brother SE 400!  I will never buy another brand sewing machine, Brother has convinced me that it is the best!"
This is a wonderful beginner machine. I couldn't wait to get started. I enjoy that it is very quiet when running.
"Love this machine! I can't complain except I need more time in the day to sew.  I am just starting out
and this machine makes it simple to learn."
"I love this sewing machine, and it's very easy to use.  My only complaint is that it's a little hard changing to the quilting foot and vice versa.  Other than that, I'm very happy with it."
This is by far the best sewing and embroidery machine for the money you can buy ...period. I am completely  satisfied  with my purchase and amazon.com was timely and professional in delivering it.
This machine does so much! I love it and will use it for a long time!  I am a beginer when it comes to sewing and this machine made it so easy for me to learn how to use it and make sewing eaiser then other machines I have used in the past.  If you are looking for a great quality and easy to use machine then I would recomend this product to anyone who is looking for a new sewing machine!  The emboridery part of the machine is amazing as well.  I have never done emboroidery before and now it is so easy I use it on all kinds of material!
"so although my first needle already broke (because i should have known the fabric was too thick) and the the half of the needle is stuck inside my sewing machine i would definitely recommend this to anyone seamstresses out there, even for the beginners like me. i love my sewing machine my only complain is that its not strong enough T^T so take good care of it!"
"This is my first sew and embroidery machine and I definitely love it, is great and better than I expected <3"
Sews almost any fabric. Has large selection of stitches.  Adjustments to a stitch pattern are simple. The illustrated Operation Manual  is the best manual I have ever used.  Embroidery set-up is easy for a beginner.
"I purchased the SE 400 a few months ago as a replacement for my Baby Lock that had major tension issues. I delayed writing a review until I had the opportunity to spend some time using it. As far as regular sewing goes, I love the way this machine sews and all the stitch options.  At times, it seems like too many choices, but is that really a problem.
As far as embroidery - this is definitely for the home sewer who is not planning on making embroidering a part time business. The 4 x 4 embroidery field does limit your selection of patterns.  I tried to stay under a stitch count of 10,000 when using this - that translates to between 15 and 30 minutes of embroidering. A few hints, change your needle frequently - a dull needle leads to birdnesting and breaking threads. Definitely a nuisance when you are in the middle of a project. DO NOT use cheap threads. This machine works best with high quality threads. If you find your thread is breaking too often, try a different brand. You will be pleased with the embroidery results.  I also let the machine rest after embroidering for more than a half hour.  Just a little gun-shy at this point - don't want to give up embroidery projects, but also do not want to buy another replacement machine.
The construction is plastic - a lot lighter weight than the other machines I have owned.  Since it seems so delicate, I am wary of using it for sewing heavier weight fabrics.  For those, I will default to my  Brother PS 2200 - my go to machine for everyday sewing.
Overall, I am pleased with this machine. If you plan on doing a lot of embroidery, I suggest you purchase a machine that has a larger embroidery field and that is for heavy duty use."
"Amazingly Easy Machine
Embroider all the gifts I make, especially for newborns in need.  My expectations were met with how easy this machine is to operate."
"I almost didn't buy this machine because of the negative reviews...but I did buy it and...I love this machine!!!! I have had it for several months now and can't find anything wrong with it. I have the usual sewing problems, and yes sometimes some fabrics get pulled down into the bobbin case (this has only happened to me when sewing fleece like materials) but I call that PAYING ATTENTION!!! If you are in such a rush that you don't notice that you are not feeding the fabric into the machine right...it is not the machines fault. I love how easy the machine is to use and can easily switch between embroidering and sewing. Any time my thread gets gobbed up it is because I haven't threaded the machine right. It is very easy to make your own designs and load it into the machine. I went from a very basic singer to this with no problem, especially since I didn't want to upfront the cost to buy two separate machines. I am very pleased with this machine and I use it every day. I have to play with the tension a bit sometimes but in all honestly I have issues when I don't take the time to feed the machine right (Any time I re-thread the machine it goes back to working just fine). I have yet to have a needle break and I am constantly changing the feet and needle types depending on my fabric. I think it is important to use the right needle for the right fabric and to make sure you don't crank it in too tight.  I think this machine is a great deal for the price and serves it purpose someone who does this as a hobby. I think most of the time it is easy to blame a machine for human mistakes and until I find something catastrophically wrong with my SE400 I will be assuming I am behind any problems that arise!!!!"
"This machine is a nice machine that works well.  I would give it 5 stars, however, it sucked thread into the gears once and that was a pain to undue, however, the machine is still worth it the little we have used it."
It is good quality work properly and meets my expectations and I would recommend it to other buyers and carriage arrived much earlier and optimal
"I really hoped this machine would deliever everything it offers, but it fell VERY short of my expectations.
I got the machine and after I used it a few times the tension was off.  I couldn't figure it out by cleaning it, going through the manual and looking online and videos so I went to get it fixed.  The service people repaired it so I took it home.  I used it once more and the tension was off again.  When I took it back (in the same week, mind you) to get it repaired, the guy told me it was probably because I used too thick of fabric.  Furthermore he said the sewing machine is made of many small pieces and the pieces bend so easily because they are made of plastic (cheaper, I'd bet) and glued together.  So it's easy to bend the individual pieces/innerworkings and when they bend it's hard to bend them back exactly right.  So my machine would always be a little off.
I don't know if that is absolutely true, but I looked inside of the machine and it makes sense to me...take it for what you will.
I never got to use the embriodery aspect so I can't comment on that.
Thankfully, Amazon has a great return policy and I shipped it back free of charge for a full refund within the month I bought it.
I had high hopes for this machine (and cost!!) but it didn't deliver.  Good luck if you decide to go for it!"
"I bought this for my wife, since she was sewing some table runners for our daughter's wedding and her old machine was giving some problems.  I kind of wanted to try the embroidery part myself (I don't sew).  This machine for the price is pretty unbelievable in that it does both for just about the price of a good sewing machine alone.  We haven't tried the embroidery part yet and she had to learn to use the new auto features, but I think she is going to like this machine the more she gets used to it."
"Step by step instructions on the machine, easy to use touch screen.  Love the easy needle threading process.  Love the touch screen too.  The bobbin winding is super easy too.  Great for all levels I think but if you are a beginner, you'd appreciate this machine more.  It teaches you how to deal with a digitized embroidery machine!  Only one wish: it could do bigger designs, but of course, that means you must buy a more expensive machine. For general embroidery like letter initials, or kids' stuff, this machine is more than enough."
"I really love my new sewing machine, I haven't tested out the embroidery option yet but the simple fact that it cuts my thread for me and winds the bobbins without any issue and sews beautifully has totally endeared it to me. I'd definitely recommend."
"I received this machine for Christmas and it is a good machine, however, I (and the person buying it for me) didn't realize its limitations. It was a high learning curve to do the kind of embroidery and applique I wanted to do with this machine. I didn't know about the different types of editing software that I would have to learn about and then purchase to personalize a project. Thankfully, there are a lot of reviews and free trials available for the software that I was able to open up my machine and use it after a few hours' research online. But, I still haven't made the investment of purchasing a particular software because I think I would like to upgrade my machine.

The machine comes pre-programmed with letters and designs, but it's truly nothing that appeals to me as someone in my mid-30s wanting to make cute t-shirts, bags, towels, etc. like those found on Etsy for my toddler. I also feel the 4""x4"" hoop size is limiting once you've practiced on a few items. It's great for onesies and some monogramming, but on a size 3T t-shirt, the applique looks too small.

I don't have a nearby sewing machine store to try out different models, but I would recommend doing that if available."
I still am going through all the stitches and embroideries and it has been pretty easy. I also love the drop bobbin and all the other special features.
I bought this as a gift for my sister. She has been sewing and has been doing it for years. She said that it should have a 5 star rating because it is so easy to use. She has been making crafts and her daughter has been selling them on the internet. The DVD with the machine made it very easy for her to understand the different functions of the machine. She is 72 years old and having fun.
"i watched countless videos and read a slew a reviews before deciding on this Brother. my machine showed up in record time and very well packaged. within the first hour of opeing the machine, i had the bobbin threaded and the stitch selected and i was ready to sew. this Brother is easy to use and there are lots of videos and tutorials that deal specifically with this machine. thanks for making it easy. if i have need, will be ordering again!!!! :)"
"I had a plain old Kenmore for ten years before buying this sewing machine - what a difference! I love how it threads the needle, cuts it at the end of sewing, and has more stitches than I could possibly ever use. I haven't even started on the embroidery yet but I can't wait. What an awesome machine!"
"I am glad I found this machine online...I had priced embroidery machines in the past, but too expensive.  I haven't started to embroider, but the sewing part is very good.  The twin needle stitching is perfect for hemming knits.  I ordered this on one day and got it the next!!!!"
Easy to use for a 1st time sewer.  Love that I can embroider and sew with the same machine.  Very user friendly!
I am enjoying my new sewing machine.  It is easy to use for sewing and embroidery.  The price is great for a beginner machine if you are just getting into the hobby.
"Versatile machine with more stitches than you'll ever need, great array of accessory feet and 4x4 embroidery. The stitching is good and tight, haven't had to fudge or mess with the tension, it sews great. The embroidery is also great because you can hook it up with the attached USB cable to your PC or laptop and embroider to your hearts content. It 's very easy to use. I have become addicted to this little machine. I use it everyday! Very happy with my purchase, the only downside is that it was more expensive when I bought it."
"Easy to use, not many built in embroidery designs,  almost all built in designs are letters. Easy to thread, Screen is in black and white."
"This combo embroidery-sewing machine is crazy-good for the relatively low price. It sews, it embroiders automatically, it has 67 stitches including one step buttonholes and it's pretty much a clone of the ""Project Runway"" special edition LB6800PRW, which has a very nice rolling tote as an add-on. If you are going to class, the Project Runway version is a good deal but it's the same machine.

This machine is relatively easy to use--I set up an embroidered pocket and had a pretty green butterfly in under 10 minutes. Is that easy or what? As to sewing, this does a good job but --this isn't my go-to machine for sewing. For one thing, if you are tied up with a large embroidery design being sewn, you can't be sewing on anything else. So this is possibly a second machine or if it's your only machine (which it could be), you are going to have some downtime while you wait for a design to be completed. **A bit more on this at the end of the review.

The LCD screen is simple to use. The threading at first seems funny--the automatic threader looks complicated compared to some I have used, and your needle MUST be in the full upright position or it simply won't thread. But after reading the very good manual (which has a separate, Spanish-language book all its own rather than in the back of a multilanguage manual--which is fantastic, I think) I was able to get it done right away. The manual is excellent.

You need to use proper thread; I bought a basic color package of 12 spools and this thread works well. You also need to realize the bobbin is wider than other sewing machine bobbins and you use a special bobbin thread for embroidery--you can wind your own or buy prewound bobbins for convenience.

This machine uses PES format embroidery designs and takes downloads from your computer with a USB cable, or you can buy a card reader-dongle and software package, the Brother PED Basic Software and download from your computer into the card after modifying a design, then take it over and connect it to the sewing machine. This means you are NOT limited to the 70 designs on board the sewing machine (which have some fonts, some monograms and basic designs like my butterfly) but can download freebies from the internet, or pay for designs. You can also download your own designs if you use software like Embird, which is an embroidery machine design package that is quite popular. On that subject, if you get into embroidery, it will add quite a bit to your budget--threads, bobbins, stabilizer (tear-away, wash-away), design cards or software, cap frames, larger hoops, it adds up. You should use the best thread and read the reviews; some threads are skimpy on the spool and won't last through a large design, others create lint and dust that clogs the machine or breaks and tangles. This is one area where you must be choosy. I got that Brother brand basic thread and it's excellent.

You can use a 4x4 frame (included), buy accessories such as smaller frames, larger frames, cap frames for embroidering hats. The design is 4x4 max, however. So to do a larger design, you have to split the design using software and a larger hoop. I haven't tried this. Nor have I downloaded any designs yet. But I intend to try that when I get bored with the included designs.

The 4x4"" embroidery field is a limitation --but you have to spend a LOT more to get a larger embroidery field. And some people would like more than 67 decorative stitches, but again--you'd have to spend more to get such extra features. Another limitation: you cannot insert a thumb drive into the USB port to download new embroidery designs. Now, that is a shame, as I don't want to move my machine or computer (I have no laptop--if you do, this is no biggie.) So in my case, I have to buy the card-reader-dongle and spend almost a hundred more to download designs at the sewing table--or move the sewing table to the computer.

When you make a mistake, you can back up or go forward a step in the color sequence and re-embroider parts of the motif. The LCD screen is VERY informative. Tells you what step you are embroidering, what color you need, what the motif parts are being embroidered, and error messages about thread breakage, mis-threading, needle issues, clogs, are displayed when there is a problem (I had problems due to cheap thread. I was testing some really cheap-o thread that had the allure of a lot of good colors. I had to re-embroider one troublesome part of a satin-stitch flower spray because the thread broke when it went through particularly thick parts of the embroidery.) This was annoying, but I was pushing the limit. I was able to back up and re-do the bit and continue on and the result was pleasing.

Changing the needle is also a bit awkward; it's hard to see or feel the needle socket. And you need to use the right needles. Ones marked ""embroidery"" by Schmetz didn't work for me. I found denim needles were more efficient in punching through the satin stitch.

The only issue I have with this machine is the needle threader. It's fussy. Half the time or more I can't persuade it to thread the needle.

If you make children's clothes, craft items, quilts, decor sewing, this is a wonderful machine to add embellishments or full embroidered designs and it sews, too. It's amazing for the money. Is it the best machine on the market for either sewing or embroidery? Probably not, but at this price point, it's a steal. I can't believe how easy it is to use and for my hobby purposes (I like to do decor and gift items, some quilting) it's sufficient for my needs and a joy to use.

**If you are embroidering, you can't be sewing. The design has to finish before you can set it up again for sewing. That means changing the foot, rethreading, etc. So you may want a second machine. If you like serging, you could be doing serged seams while you wait for the embroidery to finish. But if saving cost is your aim, you could conceivably use this machine for all your sewing. However, my suggestion is to have a second machine --some of them are getting quite inexpensive these days or a serger. I am a serger fan, so I bring that up. I just love them--fast, finished seams and so useful for home decor sewing and quick, easy clothing like knit shirts and skirts. My own machine is 20 years old and is essentially the same as the Brother 1034D and it's basic but does the job. It's a ""Huskylock"" but sergers are actually only made by three manufacturers, no matter whose brand name is on the front. I'm going kind of off-topic here, because if you get heavily into embroidery tasks, and you have limited time to sew, you need to be doing something during the time your Brother is tied up embroidering. So serging while embroidering could be a time-saver. Just an idea. One more thing; due to the embroidery mechanism, this machine is heavier than basic sewing machines. It is portable enough, but not a lightweight, grab-and-go machine you might like for quilting classes. Many people buy a 3/4 machine or a small, lightweight machine for classes. These are all issues to consider when setting up your sewing center."
"So far I love this machine.  I am still learning since my old machine did not have to many features.  It is easy to work,  sews great and I love the monogramming features.  I ordered several accessores, which I have yet to use,  but I am sure they will work great also.  We are expecting a new grandchild,  and this grandchild will have several blankets before it arrives.  And the price,  that is great also."
I would recommend this machine whole heartedly! This SE400 is even better than I anticpated. I have completed my first quilting project with some embroidery included. I have already picked up materials to start my next project. I will have some fabulous gifts at Christmas. The manual makes it real easy to try something new. The pre-loaded designs are great. I have not explored with down loading yet but look forward to it!
"I've had this machine now for 4 months & haven't stopped sewing on it yet! It's so ""user friendly"" & for me that's a plus as I'm a beginning sewer. I'd recommend this machine to anyone-new & long time sewers!!"
"Living in the UK and ordering this for my Daughter in the US I had to trust the seller's description. My daughter has nothing but praise for this machine, just what she wanted. Thank you."
"I was a little afraid about getting this machine. I had an older model Brother machine that my mom gave me and that machine gave me nothing but heart ache. After watching and reading the reviews on this machine for a year and a half I finally got the nerve to get it. I do a lot of sewing, working with heavy material; denim as example. I make handbags and work with a tough product that makes them stand up on their own. So I was concerned about this machine. My previous machine couldn't handle the tough stuff I threw at it. This machine is amazing no problems, no attitude issues, and no curling up its' toes and giving up. Everything I have thrown at this machine has not stopped it. I'm getting so spoiled. I will tell you I did have an issue with the auto thread. I couldn't understand the process. I watched videos on UTube, at Brother, and on the enclosed DVD. Finally magic I got it to work. I want everyone to know the thread up take lever can't be too high or to low. You have to move the lever up or down by millimeters until you find the sweet spot. I would recommend this machine to anyone."
Shipped to the house in perfect condition and the price was the best I could find. I took my first sewing class with this machine and I was very pleased with my projects outcome. The machine almost sews for you
"I give it top notch rating.....it's instruction manual was very easy to understand, and the cd/dvd even help my husband to be able to use it...........he's having fun embroidering things on his tee shirts............"
"I purchased this item about a month ago and I absolutely love using it.  It has many handy features that my other machines haven't had.  The price is great.  Downloading embroidery patterns is really easy once you figure out how to do it. I ended up calling Brother to get help, they were quite helpful and I finally understood the process of downloading and saving a pattern.  I think Brother's instructions are lacking in some areas.  I recommend this machine 100%"
This is a wonderful machine for a crafter.  It is easy to operate.  The directions are clearly written and illustrated.
I guess if you're only going to use this machine once in a while then it might work for you. I the thread breaks often and has to be re threaded frequently regardless on the tension. I have changed the needles to embroidery needles changed the thread to different types added a thread stand and changed different stabilizer. Every problem solving tip you could possibly think of nothing solves it long term. It's just something you have to deal with using this machine. The embroidery designs on the machine are pretty basic and you are going to have to purchase designs. Also be aware to edit any of the embroidery designs you have purchased you WILL need embroidery software. I think if I had this to do over I would have purchased a few models up from this one. It works just not great
"I own a more expensive sewing/embroidery machine but have been unhappy with it for some time now. I read reviews, looked at this machine in the store & was impressed with what I saw. Amazon's price made me to decide to order it. It's absolutely a great machine. The best part is you can get accessories for it without having to go to a dealer. It arrived in excellent shape & packaged very well. Highly recommend this machine to anyone who wants a good machine at a fair price."
My daughter and I bought this monogram machine to monogram my granddaughter's dresses. The only thing I didn't like was that it came not packaged. If it was meant for a gift it would have been seen.
"I paid import duty to Amazon in case it was required by customs.
My item had no certificate attached to show that customs duty had been paid I have to assume  this was not paid to  customs and excise ! Amazon consulted and did everything to avoid  returning that payment to me.
The goods however were excellent buy but if you are able buy the one with 7inch frame"
"I absolutely love this machine. I had a little training, but this machine made it so much easier to learn! I love anything technical, so this was fabulous"
"I am a complete beginner in the world of sewing. I bought this machine after returning a Singer sewing machine to HSN because the machine was defective. This machine was less expensive and had embroidery. A great value. The machine sews like a dream. It feeds many types of fabrics through evenly and easily and  the manual is so easy to understand. The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is because some of the embroidery patterns don't come out looking as well finished as I would have thought. But as I said, I am new to this so maybe there are some tricks I haven't learned yet that would improve my final products. So far I have made pillow cases, an apron, two minky and cotton baby blankets, and embroidered wash cloths and other things. My projects were much easier on this machine. I highly recommend this machine to you if you are looking to sew and do some not so complicated embroidery."
"If I had it to do all over again, I would buy this machine.  In fact, my daughter in law and I went in together on this one as we wanted to see if we liked machine embroidery, and we liked the way the machine worked so much that we are going to order another so we can both have one on hand."
"It's not amazon it's Brother that's the problem. I bought this machine from walmart and it's been nothing but problems. i wanted it for the embroidery feature and i have yet to get more than 2 letters out before the needle breaks. I feel like i should be wearing safety goggles to sew. The auto threader worked twice and then stopped for some reason. and the thread sometimes gets into a big knotted mess. I'm returning this thing while i still can i'm not playing the ""repair"" game this time. this is my 4th sewing machine in 16 years and it's the worst one i've ever seen."
"I do not sew. I tried to sew on an older manual sewing machine. Ugh.

This baby is awesome...you don't even need to use the foot pedal.  It has a ""go"" and ""stop"" button. 3 speeds and super user friendlt lcd screen.

I can now say that i can sew and embroider...all in one afternoon!"
I haven't had a new machine in 25 years and I love this one it is so easy to use
"So far the embroidery function constantly jams into a bundle of thread I don't think the previous owner told the truth about what she did to the machine I am not a first time user or sewer,  I have been working with this for sometime and this is the second review I wrote and emailed customer service and brother as requested like before and they do not get back to you either  at this point I don't intend to do business with either brother or Amazon!  Why ask customers' for their opinion if you don't intend to act on it?"
"This is a great machine for beginners. I wish it came with the small hoop, but I can order it later when I need it. Love the machine so far. It does everything."
This machine is very easy to use. It is very quite when emboridering. Easy to read instructions. Can not wait to do more projects.
Loved the ease of ordering and quick delivery. Still figuring out how to use this machine. Working with knits has been a challenge. Inconsistent stitches. Working with cotton is fine. I will keep trying...
I liked everything about item. It works like that other products of same. Item was just as described and have referred to friends.
My wife loves it. it easy to learn it. The DVD with explain almost every thing. The only comment she has that it dose not have much of design.
"I'm new to embroidery and sewing and bought it so I could make my own shirts and dresses for my 2 girls instead of spending so much ordering custom stuff off of Etsy.

- EASY EASY EASY to use. Don't be intimidated by the instruction manual. Do the steps as you read them and they make more sense. Even if you don't remember the basics like threading the machine they literally are ON the machine step by step.

- Hooks up to my PC and Mac with no issues. I love downloading the designs.

- Did I mention EASY to use ; )

- Costs me $5 to make a shirt. I would have paid $20 for normally."
"I love this machine. I have wanted an embroidery machine for years and decided that without any experience, I should start out on the smaller end! I am so pleased. It wasn't hard to figure out. It sews beautifully. I'm still learning things about it, and having a blast! Very good machine! I'm very happy with it!"
Have had my se400 for a week or so now and I am having so much fun. I love the fact that I can go online and download purchased or free designs in the .pes format and 4x4 hoop and away we go. It is awesome for 350 bucks. I may upgrade someday but for now I am as happy as mosquito on a nude beach.  :-D
The Brother Machine has done everything I have asked it to do so far.  Everything is easy to get to and the controls were easy to understand thanks to the instructional disc that came with the machine.  I have not used the Embroidery function as of yet.  I do think if that was my main reason for wanting this product I would have gotten a bigger hoop.  The 4x4 hoop is the only drawback.
"Love it!  Came well packed and quickly.  Haven't yet used it for machine embrodiery but looking forward to it!  The computerized machine is soooo different from my old machine.  Love not having to use the foot pedal----with the button right on the front of the machine!  Also, really love the needle threader----my eyes are quite what they used to be so it is really handy!"
ABSOLTELY THE BEST PRODUCT FOR YOUR MONEY.  IT IS RIGHT THERE WITH THE HIGHER PRICED MACHINES AND IS SO EASY TO UNDERSTAND. THANK YOU BROTHERS FOR SUCH AN AMAZING MACHINE
I researched machines before purchasing this so I knew what I was looking for. I have not tried all the options yet but OMG I love this machine! I highly reccomen it to anyone looking for a versatile sewing machine! It's great!
"I got this machine one month ago for my birthday. I haven't used a embroidery machine before. I work a lot and wanted a machine that was user friendly. I didn't want to spend a lot time learning how. I was monogramming and even did an applique the first day. For a beginner machine, and a part time hobbie, this one is great. I love it! I do wish it came with a bigger hoop size, like a 5x7. Considering all the machine does and the PRICE I give it 5 stars. I also recommend the ""sewwhatpro"" software program for your computer. It makes designing appliques much easier."
"New sewer. Love this machine. Has never jammed. Super easy to use. I had a Singer prior, and it made me crazy constantly untangling the bobbin. This machine is fanatic. Only comes w two bobbins. Need to buy some additional pieces still."
"I have never embroidered anything before and felt awesome making gifts this past holiday season for people. I loved being able to download designs and upload them to the machine. The only downside is that 4""x 4"" is rather small and many designs require a larger hoop, which is not possible with this machine. I do like being able to use it as a sewing machine as well. I haven't had any major problems."
I considered all the reviews for this machine and feel like they accurately reflected this machine.  I've had it a few weeks now and just love it.  The learning curve was not hard and  the embroidery part is wonderful.  It stitches beautiful and I can't believe I waited to get this for so long.
I was nervous in using it at first. It set in the dinning room table for over a week. Then I tried it out. Was amazed on how it sewed. It runs quiet  love the 3 different speeds it sews. Plus the embroidery part works great once I figured out how to get is started. The directions was not clear in that. But I figured it out and loved it. It did a beautiful job.
"Bought this as part of a textile station for our Denver hackerspace ([...]) and, so far, we're quite pleased with it.  It does all the usual sewing things (plus some) but it's also a CNC fabric printing device (also known as 'embroidery').  And man, it works.  Fast, capable and reasonably easy to set up and run.  Worth every penny."
"I love it! It's the size of a regular sewing machine and it does so much. I'm still learning the embroidary but it's coming along nicely. Instructions are clear and easy to follow. The set up and ease of working with the machine is low stress. Better put is ""it is user freindly"".
If you forget a step setting something up the computer reminds you, it's great!
I bought it because of the ""Brother"" name. I have had many Brother items in the past and have always been pleased with the quaility and assistance if i needed any.
Thank You , Rita"
This machine was great for the price but I would only recommend it for someone that is only doing a little bit of embroidery on their own items. Not for someone trying to run a small business. This was the first embroidery machine I've ever owned or used and it was simple to figure out but I outgrew it within 2 weeks haha. I returned it and got the PE770. Way better machine if you are doing A LOT of embroidery.
"I had an older model Husqvarna and started having problems with it, so had it fixed and sold it overnight on Craig's list.  I bought this machine at Wal-Mart for $399 while watching the price on Amazon.  When the price dropped to $287, I bought it and returned the WM one.  I adore this machine.  So easy to use, easy to set up - if you read the directions the first time - it is really easy once you get going.  I am still in the beginniner's stage of learning all that it has to do and trying out the different stitches.  I love the screen - large enough for me to read w/out my reading glasses.  I feel that the LED light on the sewing area is good - but we can always use brighter.  I highly recommend this machine to new sewers and skilled sewers.  I haven't started on the embroidery yet, trying to finish up my curtains first."
"This is my 3rd brother. I guess I like them now because I am used to them, but this machine is by far my favorite! I have not had any hiccups with it. It is easy to use and produces beautiful work. It is not overly complicated, it is priced reasonably and is perfect for me. I really enjoy the thread cut button, needle down feature, etc. that I have not had on my other machines.  I would totally suggest this machine for sewing and embroidery."
This was a present to myself for all of the hard work I have done this year and I am glad I purchased it.  I love it!!!!
"Its a great product you just need to make sure your using the correct thread to sew not using the embroidery thread unless your using the embroidery, but over all it is a great and my daughter uses it almost everyday. She made several items for the American Cancer Society and Make a Wish Michigan fund raising events. No problems as long as you use good thread"
"THIS WAS A GFIT FOR MY SISTER ANS SHE JUST LOVED THIS MACHINE, I'M VERY EXCITING ABOUT THAT SHE'S HAPPY...!!!"
"I've been using a $99 Singer and wore it out making quilts!  After reading the reviews on Amazon I decided to upgrade.  The timing was right and so was the price.  Have been using this machine for about a month and just love it!  My 3-year-old granddaughter sits on my lap at times and pushes the green ""go"" button, the button to bring the needle up and the button to cut the thread.  We love it!"
"I used it so far for normal sewing and Embroidery, I just love it. My teenage son just thinks it is cool, I agree it pretty cool. It is very easy to use. My only negative feedback is it doesnt come with a program where you can view your embroidery patterns on your PC."
"It would be a love, but it doesn't have the decorative stitches I thought it had. (they're on the INOV 950D). But still, this is a great machine for the price.

It is the exact same as the project runway limited edition machine. This is a great machine for people who have problems using a foot peddle, you can sew with one touch on a button. It has variable speed. My husband (who jams a straight stitch with no back up function machine) used this with no problems. It's great for a beginner or for an experienced sewer. Oh and the needle threader is terrific. Again I'd make it 5 stars but it doesn't have all the stitches I wanted."
"Looooove this machine! So easy to use. Threading it is dummy proof. I even did embroidery my first go around. Auto snip is a wonderful feature, I am pleased with my purchase forsure!"
This machine is amazing. I have never used on before and i learned in 20 minutes. Best thing ever. Been embroidering my sons clothes already. Buy it!
"This is a very capable, flexible machine for a fraction of the cost of others that do less.  It enables both sewing and computerized embroidery, self threads, lets you know if it runs out of any thread, the works."
"I have had this machine for about 9 months now and would recommend it for the embroidery beginner. Having never used an embroidery machine before, I have had a lot of trial and error, but am at a point where I now feel comfortable with embroidering. I have broken a few needles (I've found layering designs doesn't work, as the needle tends to break when it goes over something that has already been embroidered), but otherwise, the machine has functioned great. I now understand how others have commented that the 4x4"" design space can be limiting, but for a beginner, that's a great place to start. Here are a few things I've learned:

*Originally, I tried to hoop everything and quickly learned it's difficult to hoop anything that is very thick (and keep it straight), especially something as thick as a towel. Instead, I now only hoop the stabilizer, then lay the item to be embroidered on top of the hoop and use some clips to attach it to the hoop. You can also use removable spray adhesive, but I prefer just clipping it.

*I like using 8x8"" cutaway stabilizer for towels, but 8x8"" tearaway stabilizer for everything else. And I've learned that using a water soluable stabilizer on top of all designs is helpful. I purchased all of these through Amazon and have been pleased. I also purchased a 40 spool embroidery thread set through Amazon, which has been great.

*I tried using the fonts and designs that came on the machine a couple of times, but didn't find them very useful. There are plenty of places on the web to download designs and fonts, both for purchase and for free. A great source for free designs/fonts is dailyembroidery.com, which offers one new free design per day. They also sell designs at a reasonable price at blastostitch.com. And Etsy is a good source for designs/fonts too. I've had good luck with the reasonably-priced monogram fonts offered at rivermillembroidery on etsy.

*Since I mostly do text embroidery, I have found it necessary and much easier to use design software. I ended up buying Amazing Designs ""Letter It!"" through Amazon and have been very glad I did. It has some nice fonts built in and allows you to import other fonts to create your designs. If you plan to do text embroidery, this (or something similar) is a must-have.

Hopefully if you're new like me, some of these tips will help. In summary, I'm glad I purchased this machine and look forward to continued use."
"Just what I needed .  The price is just right and it sews like a dream...I looked at the higher priced embroidery machines and decided I did not want to spend that much money for just a hobby.
I cannot express how much I like this machine and all that it will do.."
This item is everything you could ask for the price is great and the machine is very user friendly! It is very easy to go from sewing to embroidering an the machine dose just as good of a job as the more expensive machines!
"Having only owned a mending machine by Singer, I was in need of a full size machine for sewing.  I used my sisters's full size Brother sewing machine and it was okay in my book.  Certainly better than using a mender. In addition to that, I wanted to experiment with embroidery, however those machines were too expensive.  So after two months of research and reading reviews of various machines, I chose this one.  Boy am I glad I did, fell in love with it as soon as I started experimenting with the features.

PROS: The first thing I noticed when I took it out the box, was the quality of the components in this machine.  It is very sturdy and well made.  It has features that were well thought out within its design.  Additionally, the fact it self threads the needle, and cuts the thread makes this my dream machine.  Also, it impressed me with the fact all the bobbin thread stays within the machine, so I am not having to tug on it and hold it while starting my sewing, like other machines I have used in the past. Plus, it comes with a dust cover!!  It is a simple, thin one, but how great is that?  Plus, tons of feet, a roll of embroidery bobbin thread, extra bobbins, scissors and all sorts of goodies.

THE MACHINE: The embroidery worked like a charm, and is very easy to use (I have NEVER embroidered anything in my life and was able to do it on my first try).  This is of course, after watching the tutorial.  If you have never embroidered or are new to this machine, I highly recommend spending about thirty minutes or longer going through the disc they provide BEFORE using the machine. It provides great tips and tells you how to navigate the LCD screen (the animated talking spool of thread in the video is a little corny , but does the job of telling you particular things to pay attention to).  After I watched each step of the tutorial, I opened the book and looked at the step by step instructions on how to attach and remove, and use the embroidery function of this machine. Just by doing that, I had no problems whatsoever and was doing all sorts of projects. I used a tear away iron on embroidery stabilizer, in addition to the fused interfacing on the fabric and had no problems with the quality of the embroidery.

CON: The only issue I saw so far, is that there is no slot to store the touch screen stylus.  It would be nice if there was one, so I am not fumbling and looking for the stylus (you can use your fingers, but I like the pen better).

NOTE: A note, if you are looking to transport this, look for a carry case has extra room for storage. The machine itself is a standard size, however the attachment is pretty large and to prevent damage to the carriage, I recommend a larger case.  I bought a standard hard case with a handle, and I get nervous about storing it all together because its all squished in.  The carriage is sensitive and can move easily, you do not want to damage this very expensive and important piece of the machine.  If I knew better, I would have bought a larger one.

Overall, I am very, very satisfied with this purchase.  I hate that embroidery thread is so expensive, so I won't be using this feature as much as I would like.  However, it is worth the cost to have a nice machine such as this.  For the price point they are offering now (which is about thirty dollars lower than it was when I purchased it- and has FREE shipping!), it is a steal.  Hope you like it as much as I do."
This sewing machine is wonderful.  I have been using my MIL's for the last few years.  She paid 6X as much and I like this machine so much more.  The needle threader is wonderful.  I have not learned to use the embroidery attachment yet but the actual sewing is great!
"I  bought this for my daughter. She had never sewn or embroidered in her life, that was at Christmas. She has since recovered my couch and chair cushions, made several pillows, and made several aprons.  She has embroidered pillows, towels and shirts.  It was easy for her to teach herself.  Great purchase!!"
"Ive owned this machine for three years now (wow) and it's still my favorite little workhorse. I've never had a single issue with it and would recommend it to anyone wanting to sew and do some embroidery. The embroidery workspace is on the small side but it will do a 3/4"" monogram perfectly. I have since purchased a larger machine but this one sews better! I don't regret this purchase a single bit even though I ended up buying another (also a brothers)."
"Sou de Portugal e estava com receio de mandar vir a maquina...
Ja a recebi, estava tudo em ordem e adoro a maquina!!!
S comprei o adaptador e esta a funcionar a 100%"
"I bought this machine never having seen anyone sew except on TV and YouTube tutorials. It arrived(very quickly) and I was surprised to find myself very intimidated. It was so big and awesome looking. I didn't turn it on for the first week because I was a little nervous, but I spent my time studying and slowly learning my machine. The first thing that I loved is that it comes with a computer program that gives a step by step tutorial of how to do everything you need to know. awesome!! Then if that isn't helpful enough, there are printed decal pictures on the machine reminding you how to thread it. Also, you can push the help button on the machine and pick what you want it to give you a tutorial of and it will walk you through step by step with pictures. So cool! This is great, because there are many operator errors you can do that will permanently break your machine so it is necessary to be very careful. I have already sewn a baby blanket, and i embroidered my sons name on it. It was easy! My husband was amazed too! I just make sure I do everything with the manual next to me until I have learned my machine well. This is a sturdy machine and I would highly recommend it to the newbie or the experienced! It's super user friendly. I think brother thought of everything! Also the touch screen is a very nice feature, as is the self threading needle, the bobbin winder on the top of the machine, and I loved fact I push a button and my threads are cut for me!"
"This is my second brother machine and I couldn't be happier.  My first was a basic computerized model that took a lot of abuse from my beginner projects and errors.  I did a lot of comparison shopping before settling on this sewing/embroidery model.  Wow am I thrilled with all the conveniences such as automatic threader, scissors, speed control, and not having to use the pedal if I don't want to with a start/stop button.  This is by far the best deal for your money.  It is so easy to use and actually came with a fairly comprehensive manual (I hate having to print them off from the manufacturers site), plus quick reference guide.  This machine is going to give my projects a professional quality without the sticker price of other embroidery machines."
I have never used machine embroidery before I purchased this machine. Although I have a lot to learn I am enjoying it. I wish there was a place I could get lessons about using the computer downloads and cards.
"From other reviews, expected it to be noisier, but am pleasantly surprised.
Handled putting a replacement hidden zipper in a leather jacket easily, just choose a correct needle and point that will work in leather and used a slower speed.
Handle making 72 appliques for local community band with no failures.
I've been sewing for 50 years, while not the best machine I have, it is in the top 4 for value, and I am using it as my regular machine now because of all the features it has permitting me to just press a few buttons and go.
I have done one embroidery that I made from 3 sections and managed easily to start where the previous one ended thanks to being able to use needle positioning for starting point on the item and careful positioning of material in hoop between sections.
I recommend this machine for any beginner that thinks they might want to use embroidery or quilt and any expert that wants a machine that is able to be utilized for small jobs without changing to their other more dedicated machines. Of course it doesn't replace the commercial machines that can run forever, but it is versatile enough to warrant owning."
"This machine is easy to use, great features especially the needle threader, auto backstitch/thread cutter, and built in fonts. Bobbin wind and threading are very easy.  Wish I had bought it sooner!"
I share this account with my boyfriend he originally bought a less expensive model without embroidery.  I talked him into stepping up to this model for my birthday and I couldn't be happier.  Well with this level of machine anyway  ( i'm sure I could possibly be happier with a much more expensive machine).  For the price this one is great.
I've never sewn a day in my life and after purchasing this machine I've sewn skirts and shorts for children! Working on several other items and LOVING it. The machine is very used friendly. Women that have been sewing for years adore my Brother SE400! It's versatile and efficient.
As all the other previous reviews stated this is an incredible product for the price it will do want the thousand dollar machines will do.  it is made out of plastic and made of a cheaper quality. But I have used it extensively and it has functioned perfectly. If this product was to be placed in a factory and worked full-time no I would not recommend it but for an occasional use around the house you can't go wrong with this purchase. Every project I have come across so far it has performed flawlessly. I've heard of others that use this product and have stitched well over 1 million stitches and is running strong. I believe them. I am happy with my purchase
"I was unable to get the buttonhole foot to work on my old Singer machine.  Since I was upgrading, I wanted to get an embroidery machine too.  So far, I haven't tried the embroidery part.  It was extremely easy to set up and use. It tells you with words sometimes and with pictures what you should do.  Reviews were helpful.  The price was within budget.  It comes with many accessories and even a pair of scissors.  The embroidery designs are suitable for so many applications.  Now I can put buttons on my granddaughter's dresses--and embroidery too."
so i read the reviews about the Brother SE400 i have to say its an amazing machine even though the lady that's teaching me how to make different things told me not to buy it. I didn't care and still bought it. im great full that i purchased this machine i have no complaints only so much love for it. thank you amazon for giving me a great machine and for the price i bought it for i mean i felt like it was a present. amazon you are amazing. thanks again.
"I love this machine.  It's fairly easy to use.  It does a nice job with sewing and embroidery.  I was a little surprised that the embroidery frame is actually 5x7 but it only does a 4x4 design.  Not sure they they put that big of a hoop for such a small design area.  I bought 6x6 stablizer and it's too small for the area.  Wish I knew before I bought it that the hoop would be that big.  I also bought the smaller oval hoop, so I will use the stabilizer with that hoop.  I'm very happy with this purchase.  I'm off to play..."
"Bought this machine after weeks of research and travel to different sewing shops in my area.  Keep in mind, this is a hobby for me and not used as a machine in which I earn a living, therefore I was not willing to pay $1000.00 to $3000.00 for a sewing machine, but I wanted a machine that could do embroidery and sew small quilts.  I have a 20+ year old brother machine that my mother bought for me and I will never part with it, but it was time for an upgrade.  My mother passed in July of 2012 and I need to craft to keep my mind of of it, so this is the perfect machine for me.  I have embroidered several projects already, including a sweatshirt to observe colon cancer awareness day.  This machine is simple to set up, easy to use and is Mac friendly.  Plus, there are tons of free downloadable PES files at Brother.com to use with this machine.  I love the variety of stitches available and plan to use this machine for years to come.  If you want a machine that isn't an arm and a leg, want to be able to embroider and want a variety of stitch options, this machine is for you.  The machine comes with a user friendly dvd/cd that explains a great deal of the machines features and the user manual (paper book)  is easy to understand as well.  The one thing I wish is that it have a larger embroidery area, but I was not willing to pay $899.00 for a machine that would do that.  This machine suits my needs just fine!

3/24/13
Update on my machine:  I still really love this machine and feel that I made a great decision in purchasing it.  I am working on a baby quilt that incorporates quilting with embroidery and this machine is great.  Yesterday, I set the embroidery I needed to do, started it and vacuumed the floor while the machine embroidered my project!  I couldn't be happier!"
"I bought this from another company and am very pleased with it's performance. In less than 3 months I produced over 300 items for 3 church groups ministering to home-bound members. I also made about 45 items for a Christmas bazaar. I am trained in production sewing, so it's important to do test items and have a production plan well worked out before you even buy your materials.
What I liked best about this is the USB port and the card port combination. The Brother blank cards are very limiting so I bought a Vikant card reader and a blank card from Allbrands.com that holds about 40 to 50 designs depending on their size which is very time saving. Despite the small hoop size, being a combination sewing/embroidery machine is a definite plus if you have a limited budget as combination machines with larger hoops are at least 4 times the cost of this machine.
As a tip I recommend getting a pack of 100 large eye needles and use a new one every 50,000 stitches or so to limit potential breakage. Also do test samples on the same fabric you are using so you can see how your final project will turn out. (Test pieces can also be used for patch quilts if you are so inclined). Many embroidery design websites give tips on thread types and tension adjustment so take advantage of their technique sections especially if you are new to embroidery machine sewing.
(Test pieces can also be turned into quilt squares if you are so inclined.)"
I got this machine for my birthday in January.  I absolutely love it.  I am a beginner sewer and I have had no problems with this machine.
"This machine is a step up from my previous embroidery machine. I can use many of the products that i already have, such as the embroidery cards. someday i will learn how to use my computer with the embroidery machine. So far i am happy with how well the machine works."
"This is the 4th SE 400 that I have ordered in the past 2 months. Since my friend, who owns a quilt shop, got her machine in November, a total of 9 (10 soon) of us who frequent the quilt shop have bought the same machine (and all but one from Amazon)! We love how easy it is to operate and how smoothly the machine runs. AND the embroidery is wonderfully easy! You have made great fans of our quilting classes!"
"My old machine was 48 years old but worked fine and did what I wanted it to do.  Buying a new machine was a difficult decision.  However, I do not regret buying this new machine.  I LOVE IT.  It makes sewing fun again. I particularly like the self threader, the thread cutter, the way you can position the needle for extremely accurate sewing positions, and the fact that it warns you when you are running out of bobbin thread or if your top thread has run out.  All of these things are icing on the cake as the machine is a jewel  of a sewing machine in its own right.  I haven't even tried the embroidery end of it yet.  Right now I am clearing up unfinished projects that are now fun to do.  If you want a new machine, don't hesitate to buy this one.  One other thing.  For the gal that thought her self threader was broken after a few days.  Check your needle position.  If the needle isn't seated correctly, it will not self thread."
I purchased this in December of 2012. I have used this every week since. I think this is one of the best machines out there for the price of doing the 4x4 designs. I have not had one time of an issue with this working properly. It is easy to do and have never done this before and was worried that I could mess this up. I have not messed anything up except the color of thread. I feel this would be a very good purchase if one is wanting to do embroidery. This does not weigh a ton so it is easy to get on the table. I have had spinal fusion a few months ago and can llft this easy. I love the patterns that this has and also purchased a few on the internet and all of them have come out beautiful. I feel the noise level is good also for I do this in the middle of the night and do not wake anyone up so that is  a plus for me. I would purchase one again if I needed another .  Now I would like to say that I purchased the brother pe-770 in February and this one is by far so much better than the 770. I have never had any issues with this one if you run out of bobbin thread but the other one is to put it plain- one major headache if you need to change your bobbin in the middle of doing any design. This one is so easy to cut the thread and replace the bobbin. The pe-770 gives you a workout if you are trying to put the hoop on and other times it goes on easy- this one always goes on and never an issue. I like both of the machines but this one is the easiest to use .I purchased the pe-770 to be able to do larger designs. The other thing on the pe-770 that is a small draw back for me is that you need to import the designs on a memory stick and then you can not place to many of them on there or it will tell you to take out some and that to me is a headache. I like that this one you can hook up to your computer and pull the designs you have and then place them in the machine and away you go but can not do that with pe-770. I would say if you do not mind doing the 4 x 4 designs save yourself the workout of getting the hoop on or trying to replace the hoop when the bobbin thread runs out. I feel this is the best one so far and would like to purchase this one again soon to have two of them to run together to get the job done twice as fast.  10-12-13  I have purchased a second one and use them both as I am making a quilt with all embroidery on it. I am very happy with both of the machines as well as the pe770. I feel that brother is a good make of machine. When I purchased this I wanted a singer and the reviews were terrible on that so I got this instead and am I glad I did.
"I love my sewing machine. My previous machine was a singer. I'm so glad I got this! Embroidery is wonderful. Plus it has an automatic needle threader!!! It took me a bit to figure it out b/c I was doing it wrong, but once you learn, it's a breeze. Has a ""slow"" setting so even a kid can learn on it."
"I bought this machine after reading a lot of postive reviews, and so far it is a great machine,  my wife is still reading some on the owners manual, so she can learn everything about it, and she is enjoying it so far, we bought a singer fashion mate about 6 months ago., from walmart and she has had constant trouble with it, cause it is a piece of junk, I bought this machine hoping it would not be a constant trouble and so far works great"
I love this sewing machine.  I had a brother that said it thread the needle but was very difficult this is truly easy.  It has the embroidery but a lower price but as nice.  I love this machine.
"I bought the SE400 about 11 month ago and I love my baby :). On the Internet are so many free projects but I bought many too :).
I was disappointed that it only embroiders 4x4 , and I thought If I buy a bigger hoop it will embroider bigger sizes.. I was stupid to think so.. I mean I could but first I would have to split the pattern... I'm a full time working mom and don't have time to spend hours to figure out how I can split the design ..
For small projects its more then good... It never broke a needle or never had any issues ( except operator error) and I did many many projects. Most embroidering .
For hobby it is a good affordable machine an I don't want to miss it.."
"This is a great machine.  I love the ease of use.  It runs quietly and has many features I really like, such as the push button start and stop, the automatic threading, the drop and sew bobbin and the thread cutter.  The embroidery machine does beautiful work and is so easy to set up and run.  I was able to begin embroidery very soon after taking it out of the box.  I have downloaded patterns from the internet and it was fairly easy to do.  You just need a basic understanding of computers to accomplish it.  I have stitched with several of the basic sewing stitches and all of them sew evenly.  I'm very glad I purchased this machine."
"This sewing machine does so much more than I thought it would before I bought it, and I thought it was a great buy even before I paid for it!  It's like magic!!"
"This machine offers so much for the money.  It worked will right out of the box at first then I started having tension problems.  So I read the directions.  I have had so many sewing machines that I thought I could thread any machine without reading the directions but this one fooled me.  The presser foot has to be up when threading through the tension discs or it will not get proper tension.  Incidentally, this makes me wonder if the few bad reviews were related to this issue. It does come with a phone number to call before returning but I found the directions to be quite clear and that solved the problem.  And I really like the needle threader ( this one really works) and the thread cutter.  It does not offer as many decorative stitches as some other machines I have owned but the embroidery function makes up for that.  I do quite a bit of shirring with elastic tread and the machine had no trouble with the hand wound elastic thread in the bobbin.

This machine makes excellent letters in varying sizes.  Of course the 5x7 frame limits how much and how big you can make a string of letters but by making a center mark on your frame and a center mark on your fabric ( I use thread to mark the fabric center, one can remove the frame to readjust the material  to make a subway art print to be any size you want.  I have used Brother thread, Coats, Sulky and Madiera all with minimal breakage. The key is the correct stabilizer.

Programming is a breeze.  With a little coaching even my 5 year old granddaughter was able to use the ""writing machine"" to write her name on a scrap of fabric that we then turned into a draw string bag.  It offers left indent or center start and you can rotate the image one to 180 degrees in either direction and resize an image or letter.  While I have done a lot of lettering, I have only made two images.  The cat and the heart were easy and turned out nice.  Oh, I did use the frame function once and that makes for a very cute label.  I have yet to try downloading a design but hope to get to it soon.  I am curious to see if it will  be able to use downloads from Etsy as there are so many cute ones there.

All in all, if you want a good sewing machine with embroidery function, this one is a great choice."
I am looking forward to start using this machine soon at least I know I have the machine I can work with for my embroidery project . The machine was on sale went I brought it.
Better than i expected. Fast delivery. Very helpfull manual. Highlly recommended. Easy to use. Thete are hundred of projects you can make by using this machine
"I love this machine, have had it for 3 years. The first year I did nothing but embordery on it...I was saving for another machine to free motion quilt on...I had 3 other machines and none of them would do it very well....one day I noticed that the foot used for embordery looked like the foot used for free motion quilting...and i thought ""NO WAY!"" Imagine my surprise when I discovered this machine makes free motion quilting a breeze!!!!! just drop those feed dogs, set the tension on about 4, and set your speed on the front of the machine at 1/2 or 3/4.....that makes it easier to keep it at the same speed as you ""meander' around your quilt...if you are constantly sppeding up then slowing down your stitches won't be uniform....you can do a full size quilt on this machine...a queen is just too much to wrestle with .....I have quilted dozens of quilts on this machine....love love love it!"
This is a great sewing machine. I am looking forward to making many projects with it. Thanks for the speedy delivery. I will definately recommend this machine to friends.
Im a beginner and I love this!!!!! I would recommend this to anyone! I have been trying hard. Also good videos on you tube with this machine.
"I am still learning all the pieces of this machine and it's capabilities but so far I am loving it.  I need to learn how to download from websites other than Brothers for special designs but it is fun.  I was in desparate need of a new sewing machine for costumes as well as repairs for items.  This is an easy machine to follow and use.  Having used machines that are difficult to thread, adjust, and use, this machine is a dream to use and so much fun to use."
"After doing several research I have finalized this machine for my wife to ship it to INDIA as I couldn't locate any machine at this price range doing sewing and Embroidery.

Amazing service from Amazon to ship it to INDIA at our address and paying customs duty on behalf of us is excellent. Still I haven't received the receipt for the customs duty.

Plus

1. Excellent machine at this price range
2. Easy to setup and automatic needle threading and cutting features
3. Light weight only 10.5KG which made to shipping charges less.
4. My son(6yr old) can do Embroidery with out any difficulties
5. Stitching productivity improved for my wife and it is is easy to operate
6. 67 stitch design and 70 inbuilt embroidery designs

Minus

1. Won't work with 220V and need voltage converter(easily available in India and require 200watts converter)
2. Plastic stuff for bobin, case and cover and feel uncomfortable and hope need to practice
3. Can't do embroidery design more than 4x4 design."
"I had never machine embroidered before I bought this machine, so I wasn't sure I would like it, and I didn't want to spend too much money to find out.  Well, I have just loved it!  It has gotten quite a work out but continues to sew beautifully.  I have recommended it to many of my friends."
"I would recommend this machine to anyone that wants to sew and/or embroider. I am not much into sewing, but I always wanted an embroidery machine. I found out I am going to be a grandma and decided that was a great excuse to buy one. I love all the high tech parts of the machine. I had a very basic brother sewing machine before and now I think I will be sewing more with this machine. I would recommend if you don't know anything about embroidery, like me, you might want to look into it a little bit. I bought the machine, then decided to watch youtube videos on how to use it. I had no idea you needed stabilizer and that there were so many different kinds for so many different projects. I bought my machine for a great price, but I have since bought another $90 worth of products just so I can embroider, 3 different kinds of stabilizer, a lot of different thread colors, special scissors. If you really think you might embroider more than a few items, by all means, buy this machine, but if you just want to play around, my suggestion would be to watch some youtube videos, then decide."
"First, I have had this machine for nearly three months and have used it many times. This is my first embroidery machine and I love it. I have a lot of experience with sewing, so the learning curve wasn't bad. I had never had a machine with any type of display or touch controls, so that took getting used to. It does very nice embroidery, but the selection of designs that comes preloaded is somewhat disappointing. I almost immediately began ordering and downloading designs online - a very easy process and connecting to my computer via USB works very well. I was considering the $600 Singer model, but chose this one for both price and reviews. I have been very happy with this product."
"Bought this for my wife's Christmas present.  She was not familiar with computerized sewing machines with all the options this one has, but setup was still very easy.  We had it up and running with a successful stitch and embroidered piece of cloth in an hour or two.

The built in stitches are cool, most of the embroidery designs are lacking but are available online, and it hasn't broke.

A good combo for beginners and advanced users needing to do 4x4 patterns."
"I have always wanted to try embroidery.  This machine is great for a beginner.
Very good instruction cd.
Easy to use and download patterns"
"Purchased the Brother SE 400 eight months ago and love It to bits so much that I just got myself another one as a spare.
Very glad that i did as amazon have just stopped selling both brother and singer sewing machines to global buyers.
As a craft junkie very upset with Amazon over this.
I use this sewing machine on a three hundred watt step down converter and it works perfectly.
This Xmas I made all my gifts and this machine is a work horse and worth every cent that Amazon sell it for except not to international customers anymore, I just hope Amazon rethink this policy as I have got a singer embroidery machine on my wish list for the larger hoop."
"Great service from this seller! Fast shipping! Can't tell you how much I love the self threading feature, it makes changing colors for embroidery Fast and Simple. This is one tough little machine I have been using it non-stop since I bought it and have had no problems. Paired with a good embroidery program (I'm using Stitch Era Universal) you have almost unlimited possibilities."
"ya lo recibi, todo perfecto, llego a tiempo, sin ningun desperfecto, no problema alguno, ya lo estoy usandook ok ok"
"This is the best sewing machine. It's brilliant and very easy to use and the attachments are straightforward. I've not really needed to follow the instruction booklet much, as a bit of trial and error had me trying out new quilting patterns in no time. However once you get used to the obvious translation of the handbook it's not a problem."
"My wife Elaine has been getting by with a 20 year old Singer electric sewing machine. Solid, reliable, a basic work-horse. However, she always longed for a computerized beastie with all the different stitch patterns, touch screen control, embroidery prorammes, overlocking, automatic threading and thread cutting scissors - but she was also very aware that this type of machine, though available, was very expensive, and she just couldn't bring herself to spend the thousands of pounds we bothe believed such a machine would cost us.
Then, whilst we were watching TV and I was browsing the Web on the iPad I came across this machine on the US Amazon site. I've attempted to order kit off the US site from here in the UK before, and almost always met with a 'connot be shipped to your destination country' type message. Well, this time it said OK to ship, and the price for such a well known and respected brand as Brother, and for the facilities it offered the deal was just impossible to pass over. I knew it would be a 110VAC machine, but that's no problem, I was able to source exactly the right step-down converter (also on Amazon) and ordered the both of them there and then.
Well, when Elaine found out what I'd done she was mixed between excitement at finally getting the sewing machine she really wanted and concern that, at such a bargain price, it wouldn't live up to our expectations. How wrong we were!
This has proven to be the very best purchase I have ever made on Amazon, and I've made a few. The machine is exactly what Elaine wanted, she has made curtains galore for our new house, and I earned significant brownie points in the process.

Thank you Amazon - and Brother!"
This sewing machine and its ability are fantastic value and a superb product. The end user is over the moon.
"easy to use. I am a beginner with a little experience of using a sewing machine when i was young. I love this, machine and how it almost does everything for you! The packaging was great and speedy delivery. overall great product at an even grater price point. this is the one to go for if you want a sewing machine and embroidery. Will be making all kinds of stuff with this"
Very good machine . Easy to use. My grandsons are waiting for a personalized quilt. It is lots of fun to use.
When I sit down to this machine it really gets me excited.  Machine has performed every embroidery request I have made.
"Update to review October 2015.  I have had it going on 3 years - no issues and still LOVE it.
I was using a 1982 Singer before this purchase. This machine is incredible. I would have thought this hobby would have cost thousands of dollars not hundreds. I am so happy i get have huge smile when i go into my sewing room. The first thing I did right out of the box was embroider a white butterfly on a white t. Came out perfect. I was scared at first but you learn. Watch the supplied dvd over and over and keep it by the machine at first. There is a preview button to show the design area before sewing use that. I have had this machine a couple of months as of Feb 2013 and have done a dozen projects so far.

I also bought from Amazon: a 63 color spool set of polyester embroidery thread, 100 needles, sulky iron on stabilizer, medium and light weight 8"" stabilizer sheets, and a giant spool of white bobbin thread. Click on my other reviews for the products.

Stabilizer is so important and learned not to use lightweight on the ribbed cotton t-shirts as it gets pulled down in the bobbin and makes a hot mess. That only happened once. The medium weight stabilizer is a must there.

Brother-usa.com has a great website and i have downloaded a hundred free designs. Be sure and organize your designs. I did a screen capture of each design and named the file the same as the pes file so i know what they look like. Then i keep them in a folder on my computer of where i got them. Yesterday i bought valentines sale designs for $1.15 each from emblibrary.com. Great site has tens of thousands of designs. Sign up and you will get emails about sales. I embroidered coral roses on a pair of jeans and put a matching variation of the design on a coral t-shirt. Outfit looks like is cost hundreds of dollars. Put a 4"" wrought iron heart in black and pink on the v of a red v neck t and got compliments from the director of architecture where i work. Told him how i made it and he wants to buy his wife a machine for her birthday.

I have had no issues with auto threader, tension, needles or thread breaking. It comes with an excellent dvd and i watched it several times prior to use. I read all the other reviews and you other viewers put my mind at ease.

I am a professional graphic designer and have a Macbook pro. I plug in my laptop into the SE400 via the supplies cable that came with the machine and the machine pops up on my laptop as untitled. I drag the design i want to embroider into the folder and the design shows up on the lcd sewing machine screen. I can resize, rotate, and it even maps out where the design will sew. I keep only one design on the machine at a time.

My intent was to digitize my designs and i am researching software but there is not much for a mac that is affordable as most are for a pc. But i am finding so many great designs to purchase that it not an issue."
It works great.  Make sure you thread it correctly or you will deal with hell.  Also even though a bigger frame is available the machine will not accept any larger prints than 4x4.
"I got this machine for my wife for Christmas, I looked everywhere and did allot of research. For the money, this machine does allot. She downloads designs from the the internet and saves them on her lap top, and easily transfers them to her machine. She really does love it.
probably one of my biggest hits"
"Oh Brother----SE 400. What a gem of a little machine , what power, nice !Just after reading numerous rave reviews. Researched for the best deal. Walmart saved the day with ship to store same day, no shipping for me,yeh! I saved alot rather than buy it directly in the store. Store price was like $399, go on the computor and buy it direct with credit card ,push ship to store -and I was lucky to pick it up the same day at $359.97 plus tax._Sew no pun intended got home, and wow this sews better than my elna. Talk about simple as pie to set up! Machine seems sturdy yet light to carry. Lots  of goodies,nice scissors a spool of thread to start poly of course. Needs to use for embroidery a 40 weight count thread of poly or poly rayon. Ok Just it just embroidered the pretty  butterfly thats already built into the machine. OH this is too cool! Alot of fun. Im loving it. Nice for sewing and for embroider and sew easy to use. Can hook it up to your lap top and get some free designs to transfer to your embroider machine, I haven't done so yet,but shall be...Valentines day is comming. Treat yourself to some fun...Way to go Brother..."
It's all the machine I need for now.....!  I am thrilled so far with the auto threading and cutting feature and can't wait to master the embroidery department.... YEAH!!!
"This Brother SE400 replaces a Singer sewing machine.......  If I have to purchase again, it will be Singer.  Disappointed with item & performance."
"IT'S AN AMAZING MACHINE, FULL OF SURPRISES, ESPECIALLY FOR CRAFTERS.
I AM REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC WITH THE SPECIFIC SEWING MACHINE, WHICH IS NOT SO DIFFICULT TO USE."
"My parents got this for me to replace my Disney 270D also by brother. There was nothing wrong with that machine, but after 7 years of heavy use I simply wore it out. This machine does not have the thread cassette system that I had grown to love, but after several months of heavy sewing I am really happy with the machine overall. I have used it for embroidery, small quilting projects, curtain making, button replacement and general mending, The self threading feature is great and this machine winds a quick even bobbin"
"Esta maquina de coser es excelente, tiene excelentes puntadas, muchas funciones.
Ideal para aprender a bordar.
Es muy fcil de manejar
Se la recomiendo a  todos los que esten interesados en una buena maquina para coser y bordar"
"Works great, better than a normal swing machine, now you are able to put designs on clothing, this is the best"
It has been over 30 years since I have sewn.  I reviewed all of the sewing machines in my price range and found this machine to be my CHOICE!  I am not disappointed.  The manual was simple to read and the machine was more than I ever expected.  The embroidery features are GREAT!  It has so many great features!  I feel like I could make anything with this great priced machine.  Excellent value.
"I've had this sewing machine for about a month now and just love it.  It's easy to use, although that might be a bit premature to say since I haven't tried embroidery yet. I piece quilts on it, and it works like a charm.  I put aside my former 'favorite', an old Janome New Home, that I picked up at Good Will, for this one.

It's fairly quiet, runs smoothly and sews a nice, even seam.  Have used a few of the attachments that I had on other machines as well, but never used.  Why didn't I use them?  Because the sewing machines had no instructions on how to use them. But the documentation for this sewing machine is plentiful and informative.

Kudo's to Brother for making such a good machine at an affordable price."
Dont get the machine .You have to pay to get it and pay 2 time to get it back to her . It will come back to you and you will have to mail it to her again. It cost me $64.00
I have never used an embroidery machine before and consider this machine to be very user friendly.  Would recommend highly!
"I purchased two for my daughters. They love these machines. The problem is, I have three daughters and had to purchase a different machine for my third daughter due to your limit policy. It worked out ok as she loves hers as well.
The instructions were good as is the ease of operation."
"Made curtains w/tie backs and pillows---- was very easy to use and make changes with stitches , feet,  bobbin, and etc."
"Product was delivered fast.  Everything was included that box says would be included!
Very nice machine, should have bought a new one a few years ago.  Good price, cheaper on line
than stores locally.
Can't wait to try more features"
"Service was excellent & delivered faster than expected, product was in excellent condition, very pleased. Been using it steady (daughter has as well) and have no problems or concerns."
This is my 3rd sewing machine it by far is the best one yet! As for the embroidery part I am still learning.  Learning about embroidery sizes and connecting words has been a bit challenging. I found a few great websites and videos to help me along! It's very easy to learn the touch screen commands! It's a great machine for beginners!
Having not sewn in many years I wanted to begin my embroidery experience with a user friendly machine. The Brother SE400 has been just that so far. I am amazed at all the functions this machine is capable of! A very good investment!
"I am extremely pleased with this sewing machine, it has done a great job so far.  My other, more expensive and rather new machine is now gathering dust and this Brother SE400 is being used about 5 times a week. I have been doing all kinds of sewing for over 50 years but am new to machine embroidery.  I have had many different machines and I find this to be one of the best and certainly one of the best buys. A few years ago I would not have bought a Brother sewing machine but they have improved dramatically, I think because the company has been aggressive and innovative in pursuing excellence in their sewing and embroidery machines.  There is a learning curve with it but sewing teaches us all patience and there is lots of good advice on the internet to help you.  I have done about 10 embroidery projects so far and some light upholstery and other home sewing. I used the sampler thread pack I bought on Amazon.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/22-Spools-Embroidery-Machine-Thread-Starter-Kit/dp/B009FNCRMC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">22 Spools Embroidery Machine Thread Starter Kit</a>&nbsp;The needle threader works easily and consistently, you just have to make sure the needle is in the highest position when you engage the threader.  The machine is very easy to thread and I have had no problem with stitches jamming.  I ordered the smallest hoop as an accessory and have used it a lot for monogramming.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SA177-Side-Cutter-7mm/dp/B001UYWJZO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SA177 Side Cutter 7mm</a>&nbsp;I also use the walking foot for many projects, it does not come with the machine but is a necessary investment.  I have one that I have used on several machines (Elna, Janome) and it works well on this machine also, you must be careful that the needle is in a position to pass easily through the foot, a simple adjustment on this machine.  I love the automatic thread  cutting feature and the push button starter, much easier than the foot pedal.  I have downloaded embroidery patterns from websites, have not sewn one of those yet, the other embroidery projects  I did were using patterns already on the machine.  The machine also has options for resizing the built-in patterns, I have not attempted to change any of the sizes yet.  I have learned over the years that the two things that cause the most problem with sewing machines are (1)improper threading and (2)not changing the needle frequently.  When the needle is dull it can cause problems with the timing and threads will jam, needles will break.  Amazon has great deals on sampler packs of embroidery thread and also on needles<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SASEW8012-Sewing-Machine-Needles-by-Organ-10-pack-of-ten-needles-100-needles/dp/B002U0K8H8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SASEW8012 Sewing Machine Needles by Organ 10 pack of ten needles(100 needles)</a>. One final thing, I would consider getting the foot that enables the machine to act like a serger because I would use that when I travel rather than having to tote my serger also.  Because serging uses up thread so quickly I think it would be tedious to do that a lot on the sewing machine, I think you would have to have several bobbins lined up and ready to go.  I also use my serger a lot, it is a 10 year old Elna that still works very well, I have to tinker with the thread tension and make sure the needles on that are sharp also.  I am considering getting the Brother serger, it looks so much easier to thread.  So, for a bit of serging, I think it would be worthwhile trying it with the special foot on this sewing machine but if you sew a lot, like I do, you will probably want to make the additional purchase of a serger, it is much, much ]faster and you can use the big thread cones."
I have been sewing for over 40 years and never have I had so much trouble with a machine (Brother SE400).  I have used this machine maybe 6 times and got so flustrated each time I left it and waited several weeks before I would try to use it again.  The automatic Threader stopped working after the second or third time I tried to use it one of the main reasons I bought this machine.  I have tried on several types of material and bought all the required materials backing etc. and it constantly jams the thread in the sewing plate and everything has to be taken apart to remove the wad of tread and fabric. (and of course you can never get it realigned) I have ruined several items because of having to cut them out of the machine.  Totally dissatisfied.  I have spent the last hour just trying to wind a bobbin finally gave up this was the final straw.  I do not recomend this machine nor would I buy another one.
"i love my machine so far. i am still learning how to use it, i love that it can embroidy"
"I began sewing well over 30 years ago on a Singer from the early 1900's.  I purchased a new machine in the late 80's  and have enjoyed it for all of these years, and I love it to this day.  Therefore my opinion is perhaps not from the viewpoint of the modern seamstress, although I do sew as a business.

While my old reliable was being repaired, I thought perhaps it might be a good time to purchase a second machine so that I would not have to endure down time, as well as take some opportunity to update.  My primary purpose was to purchase a new SEWING machine, as I would never purchase just an embroidery machine.  The Brother SE400 reviews very well and the embroidery combo was a bonus I had not expected to find and could not pass up, yet I feel a little disappointed that the last 25 plus years and digital technology had not made my sewing experience more pleasant.

So understanding my history and limited experience with the computerized machines, as well as the purpose for this purchase which will be reviewed mainly for its sewing ability (assembly), you may now consider the following pros and cons:

PROS:
~ Absolutely LOVE the automatic needle threader and thread cutter -- who would have thought?!!
~ Feed dog is wide with a lot of rows and sewing a straight line is nearly effortless.
~ Grid guide on needle plate is large and easy to view.
~ Comes with a good variety of feet to get you going with more than just basic sewing techniques.
~ Lighting is good; bright and clean
~ Enormous selection of both utility and decorative stitches and I am particularly fond of the stitches that have a hand look about them.  There is also a large variety of buttonhole stitches which I was fairly impressed with.
~ Stitch lengths and widths are highly adjustable.
~ Basting stitch automatically loosens upper tension.
~ Bobbin drops in easily.
~ No need to pull bobbin thread up through the needle plate, no need to pull out a length of thread from the needle as it never pulls out.  You can start sewing with just an inch of thread.
~ Machine will still operate with buttons even if you break the foot pedal.
~ Needle can be set so that it will always land in the down position when sewing stops, or in the up position if you prefer.
~ Feed dogs are dropped with a switch so stitching on buttons is a breeze without any additional accessories.
~ Make small adjustments by moving the needle from the left, to the center, or to the right.
~ Changing most of the feet is a dream, simply press a lever at the back of the shaft and the foot pops right off.
~ Adjust the maximum speed of your stitching by sliding a switch to slow, medium, or fast; checks one's zeal so overstitching or slipped trims are easier to prevent in situations that require more care.
~ Comes with lots of neat little accessories; tools, eyelet punch, scissors, seam ripper, even a plastic mesh to keep your spools from unwinding too quickly.

CONS:
~ There are 67 stitches on this machine and the screen pages through 6 at a time.  There is a label on the front of the machine with the stitch number on each stitch, but you still have to page through to find the one you are looking for, and on the touch screen, the number of the stitch is not identified.  The label would be much more useful if you could just enter the number of the required stitch.  I am rather accustomed to turning a knob to engage the transmission's required gears.  In other words: You see the stitch, you turn to it.  I find the paging slow and tedious.
~ While there is a great deal of versatility in the length and width of the stitches, again, you are required to continually push a button over and over until it reaches the correct measurement.  Again, very slow, and I find it to be an annoying interruption in my groove.
~ The work area is small and I feel that vision is impeded, finding myself bent over in an improper posture to see in between the small space of the upper arm of the machine and my work, about an inch and a half.
~ On the other hand, the lower arm of the machine is quite wide and does not allow room to stitch a cuff on a shirt, but as I see it, this is probably a design requirement due to the embroidery attachment.
~ It is recommended to clean the bobbin case frequently as there are sensors in there that lint may affect.  It is very easy to get to the area that is in front, but I had made some chenille apparel and there was quite a bit of lint that had gotten under the needle plate.  Removing that is nothing short of absolutely disagreeable.  The tool provided for the task is absurd, a donut shaped bit with a small protrusion on one side.  The area to work in is so small, the above mentioned 1-1/2"", and unless I am thoroughly clumsy, you need two hands to turn the thing and there is just no room to get both hands in there.  I think that the design for the needle plate as well as the tool in that regard is very poor.  I dread using the machine so much that I would have to remove that needle plate frequently to clean it out.
~ The presser foot lever is located on the inside right of the arm.  This is very awkward.  When placing the work under the needle, I use my right hand to hold the back and my left hand to hold the front.  Locating the foot lever on the back of the machine would only require that I pull my thumb forward to drop the lever while I keep my hand on the fabric and hold it where I want it.  Because the lever is on the side and because there is such a small space to work in, I have to move my right hand from my work, or pulling the fabric too far forward and to the right until and I find that I am raising and lowering until I get the work in the right place -- not in all instances, but particularly frustrating when I am working a narrow hem.  The location comes powerfully into annoyance while quilting as that small space needs to accomodate the rolled up side of the quilt and it is getting caught on the lever.  Also very difficult to drop the presser foot into the correct place when you have to squeeze your hand through the space that the quilt is already filling up.  I don't like that at all.
~ If you don't have fingernails, you will need the stylus to operate the touch screen.  I keep knocking the stylus off of my table onto the floor, but that could be a personal problem!
~ Adjust the maximum speed of your stitching by sliding a switch to slow, medium, or fast...but even the fastest setting is a bit slow, for example when you hit those long seams or you are using a close binding stitch, you want to fly, but you can't.  It is hard to bear taking such a long time to bind an edge.

I do understand that this is a combination machine and it is possible that because of the embroidery function, the above issues were unavoidable.  For example, in order for the machine to embroider quickly with less likelihood of threads breaking that the work space needed to be shortened for maximum efficiency.

I have played a little with the embroidery function and I think it is fun and have a few vague ideas of how I would like to use it.  I am personally more interested in the lettering and still working out how to get the words the same size when they need to be added in pieces.  I may be able to comment more on that later, but I am pleased with the way everything I have embroidered so far has come out and find it to be a handy little feature.  Except for the difficulty I am having understanding the sizes on groups of letters, I can find no fault with this.  The needle needs to be checked periodically because the embroidery foot bangs on the needle screw, so I have had the needle fall out a couple of times.  This is not a fault with the machine, this is how the foot works.  It is not enough to tighten it with the thumb screw.  A tool is provided to tighten it further.  However, if the needle breaks, falls out, the thread runs out, something gets tangled, the repair can be made and the needle can be moved back several stitches to wherever the incident occurred and embroidery is picked up again with no sign of interruption.  The patterns are adjustable in their size and in their position and rotation.  Even though I do not have all of the materials recommended for embroidery, I have had a very positive experience with this attachment.

There are many, many more positive aspects to this machine than negative.  The screen operation and the tight work space is very hard for me to get by so that I can really like this machine.

TO SUM IT ALL UP, in this purchase you will get a good combination sewing and embroidery machine, which is probably neither a great sewing machine, nor a great embroidery machine, but a QUALITY COMBINATION OF BOTH, where you have to sacrifice a little function and convenience of one so that you can enjoy the other.  In this age you can buy a sewing machine for under $100.  When it goes, a person is more likely to purchase a new machine rather than have that one fixed.  I think the SE400 is a much better product and you get more bang for your buck than you will some others at even close to the same price range.  I do not in any way regret the purchase of this machine, however, when I want to get down to the business of sewing I will use my old machine.  When I have time to play around and be creative, the brother SE400 is definitely the machine to use, an excellent next step up for the intermediate sewer who is tired of the $99 machines.  I think that if I sewed for a hobby I could have given it a higher rating."
This is my first time using an embroidery machine and I was a little nervous about being able to figure it out. I followed the instructions in the manual and on my first try was able to embroider my name with no problems. I'm still working on adjusting to the difference between this machine and my old Kenmore but other than that I love the machine
"This is my first embroidery machine and took a little practice, but I was able to make lots of Christmas gifts for 2012."
"It works great.  Price was good. Tried the embroidery, worked well.
Have not tried the sewing machine for a project.  But, tried on sample and works great.
Wish the display was in color. Wish that the embroidery pattern sizes were all adjustable."
Just moved up from a Brother regular sewing machine. I did a lot of research. It is so simple. I love it!!!
"I bought this back in October for myself as a birthday gift.  I am just now writing a review after being able to use it for a few months.  Ok so I love this thing.  I am by no means a super star at sewing as I only dabble and am completely self taught on a sewing machine from the early 70's.  This one rocks my socks.  I love all the features like self threading and cutting.  I wish I would have got a new sewing machine years ago.  I will say that I do not love the user manual, I find it to be almost useless and I google most questions I have.  I have not had any tension issues as some of the reviews claim.  Actually I have not had any issues with this machine at all Sewing or embroidery.  I do not use the paid sites to download my embroidery designs, I use the free sites.  I just download the design to a folder on my computer and hook up the machine to move it over.  SIMPLE!  Easy to switch from sewing to embroidery and back by changing out the foot and base. Seriously takes all of maybe 2 minutes.  All in all I feel this machine is pretty user friendly once you start using it. It is a bit overwhelming at first with all the buttons, diagrams and large user manual. It does everything an I need it to do to make simple crafts for myself and family.  I did not buy this on Amazon, I got it at walmart."
"needed more ex parts than i knew, but other then that, it pass in my book next time i'll go big"
Une superbe machine livre trs rapidement mme en priode de ftes. Elle fait de trs belles broderies et coud parfaitement bien.
I am in love with this machine!  Really enjoying  the embroidery function and I have already downloaded several patterns from the internet with the USB cable.  I also have used the regular sewing function and really enjoy it also.
Fast shipping and I was able to finish 2 baby quilts before their arrival.  Very easy to use and embroidered prefect every time so far.  wish it did a larger area.
"I really like this sewing machine!  I am getting back into sewing after many years and had to replace a 30 yr. old Singer machine that had every bell, whistle, and gadget available because it was destroyed in a flooded basement after a storm.

I looked at several models and brands and decided on the Brother SE-400 because of all the features it offers and it's a great value for my money.  Reading the directons is a must to get the full benefits of this machine!  I've only done a practice embroidery pattern, it was easy to follow the directions and turned out ok for the first time.  The built in patterns are a bit basic but you can purchase and download patterns from the internet to your computer and by USB cable (included) transfer to the machine.  This machine is great for crafters and for all levels of sewing skills, but if you are looking for production sewing or advanced embroidery this machine may be to light for you."
"Wife is a sewing novice and this machine will alow her to learn many more sewing techniques.

I might try my hand on it."
This is a great little versatile machine.  It's easy to learn and use... everything is pretty self explanatory... Plug it into your computer and you can embroider darn near anything.  Embroider or sew doesn't matter this little guy can do it!
i just got this tonight and i LOVE it so far.it was super easy to figure out.and they have a bunch of youtube videos to show you how to work some of it.best 300$ i have spent so far
"I upgraded to this embroidery machine to enhance the tote bags I make.  What a surprise, when I saw how easy this machine is to work with. It has many features I had to learn, but it's very user friendly & does a fantastic job!
I am a very happy with this purchase.  Price was great, & I received it in just 2 days!!!
Nancy"
"I bought this machine in Nov. 2012 looking forward to making xmas items.  Everything work great for about a week, (very little time used  ).  The eye for the thread that is just above the needle broke.  I took it to the nearest Brother dealer (which is an hour away).  His comment was that he had two more in for repair with the same problem.  It took 2 weeks to get it fixed.  I started sewing trying to catch up on my projects and the thing broke again.  I returned it thinking I just got a lemon.  I got another one, same model, same thing happen again after sewing for only 1 day.  Fed up...won't try it again."
It's very simple to use!!! I bought it to make my own towels and some Christmas gift and it fill my expectation. Good price for excellent product.
"What a fun machine! I was able to set up and embroider my first project with considerable ease and pleased with the results. Great features and a great price, Thanks Amazon."
I have been eyeing this machine for 3yrs and usually 800 got it for 300. I love this sewing machine. Havent used the embroidery yet but I use sewing a lot. Saves my fingers from getting poked and time. LOVE IT!!!!
The machine arrived as new.  However it was fitted with an american plug and needed an adapter for England.  I would have appreciated being told about the need for an adapter before I gave it to my daughter for Christmas.
"I purchased this machine a little over a month ago. It is wonderful. Easy to use and plenty of whistles and bells. I especially like the bobbin thread low warning. I have just started using the embroidery function, but so far the two projects I did turned out great."
So far this machine is great.  I have embroidered a couple of designs and the machine has done a great job of making it look exactly as the design.  I am in the process of downloading the first design and so far so good.
"I am a beginner Machine Embroiderer and was nervous about some of the reviews. I have sewn with a sewing machine before; so, when I received the product that is all I did was sew. The computer CD is not as good as the book version of the manual so I recommend viewing the video clips as well as reading the manual to get the machine all set up. The needle threader, thread cutter, and all the features work perfectly. It took me a while to get the needle threader to work, but I realized that I didn't have my needle in the highest position which is required for this function to work properly. Also, watch the feeddogs. They were down when I got the unit, which is how you need them if you don't want knots in your embroidery. I was trying to sew and realized I had forgotten to put them in the ""up"" position. They are easily missed being the switch is in the back of the machine. Other than that, I like the designs that came with the machine but hope to work with additional ones I find on the internet. The embroidery work I did on my flour sack dishtowel was perfect and I couldn't be happier with this purchase!"
"I just received it yesterday and I'm in LOVE. I watched the cd that was included and was sewing within minutes!,"
I got one last year for Christmas and have a lot to learn on how to use all the designs  Dorothy
"Used the DVD that was included and in 20 min or so, I embroidered a name on a blanket...pretty user friendly.  Some directions need common sense to figure out, but pretty easy!"
I bought this sewing machine to replace a very old one and I truly love it. Easy to use. Needle threader is great. Buttonholes are easy to make. Includes several feet. I really enjoy the embroidery feature. Have used the built-in designs as well as downloading designs from websites and using USB cable to import. This is a great machine for a beginner or an experienced sewer.
Got this for Christmas and couldn't wait to set up and use it will be os good use came right on time thank you
"The Brother SE400 is an exceptionally priced, entry level sewing/embroidery combo machine with features I am astounded to find at this price.

First of all, buyers should know what this machine is, and what it isn't. This is a 3/4 size, computerized sewing machine that also has an embroidery attachment. It is lightweight and small, which is an advantage for people who do not have a dedicated sewing space or for those who wish to travel with their machine. While it sews beautifully and the embroidery quality is excellent, because it is a value priced machine, it's somewhat loud and most of the external parts are plastic. I am much more careful when moving it than when I move my old, metal Bernina sewing machine. The small size would make it next to impossible to machine quilt a large quilt, but I have quilted plenty of crib size and even a twin size without too much struggle.

The sewing features I especially love are the drop-in bobbin (top loading), the automatic needle threader (works fantastically!), the needle up/down button, the automatic thread cutter, the free-arm, the sewing speed controller, the stop/start button on the front, the larger bobbin capacity than my other machine, the LCD touchscreen, the 67 built-in stitches (including 9 one-step buttonholes) and the bright sewing light which is perfectly directed. These are features which make sewing soooo much easier.

The embroidery attachment lets you embroider up to a 4"" x 4"" design and it comes with that sized hoop. You can use the 70 built-in designs and 5 built-in fonts, or you can purchase Brother embroidery cards or you can access any of the thousands of designs available on the internet (many of them free) via the included USB cable which connects your computer/laptop to the machine.

If you are new to machine embroidery or to sewing (or both), you will be pleased with the excellent manual provided. It has 167 pages that cover all aspects of the machine operation with clear illustrations and a trouble shooting guide in the back. Take the time to read through the manual and keep it next to you initially when you first begin to use your machine, especially when embroidering. You will find the answer to almost any problem you encounter.

Machine embroidery is loads of fun and lets you turn a simple, inexpensive garment, bag, baby blanket, sheet set or towel into something really special. Although this machine has a relatively small embroidery area (4""x4""), it is still large enough to do monograms and fun designs. This holiday season, I made a number of very inexpensive gifts by simply monogramming them. I monogrammed mens dress socks (at less than $2/pr.) and they were a huge hit in the office! I also monogrammed fleece throws (IKEA $3.99), the cuffs of mens dress shirts purchased on sale, and the sleeve edge of my young son's T-shirts. And those were the simplest projects! As you become more accomplished, there is no end to the things you can do with machine embroidery.

There is a rather steep learning curve initially, so I suggest watching a number of the excellent YouTube videos online. They cover threads, stabilizers, hooping, and other machine embroidery techniques. Be prepared to do a lot of practice before you begin embroidering real items. The results will be worth it and you will avoid lots of frustration.

Remember that you will need machine embroidery thread in an assortment of colors, several types of stabilizers, machine embroidery needles and some bobbin thread (which is lighter weight than normal sewing thread) to get started. Later, you might want to purchase a thread stand (which accommodates the large spools of embroidery thread), some tiny embroidery snips, some water-soluble and self-adhesive stabilizer for embroidering fleece, fur, terry cloth or velvet. Extra empty bobbins (size SA156) will be needed for both sewing and embroidery.

I also own a Brother PC8500, which was a high-end sewing/embroidery machine when I bought it around 18 years ago, so I am an experienced machine embroiderer. I find the quality of the embroidery produced on the SE400 to rival the PC8500. See the customer pic I have posted of an example of the stitch quality.

I am also quite happy with the sewing functions of this machine. The straight stitch is very nice, as are the 66 other built-in stitches. This machine does not feature automatic tension control, so you will have to use the dial on top to adjust the stitch tension when sewing heavy fabrics like denim or lightweight silks, but it's not hard to do. The bobbin winder works well and winds smoothly. The machine struggles a little when sewing over seams on heavy denim (as most value-priced machines do), but you can certainly hem the occasional pair of jeans without too much aggravation as long as you are using a denim needle. Button holes are 1-step using the included buttonhole foot. You simply snap your button in the back of the foot and then the machine creates a button hole exactly the right length for the button. I find that sometimes I need to stitch over a buttonhole twice because the stitching doesn't seem dense enough for my taste, but I've had to do that on high-end machines, too.

For new sewists, just remember to keep the bobbin case clean, change needles often (at least whenever beginning to sew a new item) and pay attention to threading the machine properly. Those three things cause at least 75% of stitch problems.

This is a self oiling machine so you won't need to worry about that. It comes with a small assortment of the most used, snap-in presser feet, a USB cable, the foot pedal and power cord, an embroidery hoop, a few necessary tools, a crappy little pair of scissors (you will need a different pair), 4 empty bobbins (you will need more), a few needles, some bobbin thread and a fabric dust cover. Get in the habit of using the dust cover when not in use because dust can ruin electronic/computerized equipment quickly. I would purchase a hard case/travel case if you want to travel with your machine. I've listed a couple in the comments section that are reasonably priced and will protect your machine.

This machine will please an experienced sewist who wants to also do some machine embroidery, as well as someone new to sewing. I think Brother is brilliant for building an affordable machine that allows regular folks (not just the affluent) the opportunity to enjoy sewing and machine embroidery. It's not built to handle a sewing, upholstery or embroidery business, but it's a fine home sewing/embroidery machine at an excellent price. I highly recommend it."
"My husband bought this for my Birthday/Christmas present.  He had a friend order this from Amazon (of course) and I used it almost right out of the box.  It is a simple machine to use.  The instructions and diagrams are clear in the book.  There is also a CD-ROM that shows you how to use your machine if the book is not clear enough, which was helpful too;)  I am not a sewing expert by any means, and am in fact quite a novice at it.  I did have a Singer that I taught myself to use (I had never sewn a stitch in my life) a few years ago.  A friend of mine had a Brother sewing machine and I was amazed at how smooth it ran compared to my Singer.  Anyway, I had never embroidered anything before, but I really wanted to.  I had read the reviews on this product and told my husband that I would love to own this.  I embroidered a few things for practice, then put my daughter's initials on her favorite towel and my husband's initials on his microfiber towel that he uses for his paint and body work.  I also practiced some of the patterns that were available on this machine.  I am excited about it and just ordered some of the spools of embroidery thread.  I am thrilled with it and look forward to learning more about embroidery. I am thankful Brother makes it so easy for us ""amateurs""!!!!

UPDATE*****It has been almost a year since I received this machine and am still loving it! I have just completed 3 baby quilts on it, which handled it beautifully.  Any problems I had were my fault;) I still embroider tea towels, baby bibs, etc., and it works like it did when I first got it.  I have downloaded various .pes designs for embroidering and they came out perfect! It is very easy to use and I am still loving it.  I am now looking at getting the PC420 so I can keep both machines going, one to embroider and one to quilt.  You will not regret getting this awesome machine.  Again....I am not an overly experienced sewer, but I am learning how to do all kinds of things thanks to my Brother!"
"This machine was far below expectations. The second time I used it , it malfunctioned big time. What a disappointment. I returned it for a refund. I had been advised that the machines Brother sells online are inferior to those sold at their dealers I just never anticipated such a quick disaster."
"This machine is a fantastic deal! Embroidering is fast and easy, and it makes a great sewing machine too. You'll be surprised by what you can do in the small embroidery area."
"Since I bought this machine last February 2012, I have sent it back for repair THREE TIMES, $50. For postage..it has never worked properly...it embroiders reversed with bobbin thread on top...the LCD didn't work it was replaced...so Yaay for that..but it still doesn't embroider correctly..my most recent experience with Brother is I shipped back it AGAIN to be repaired and they didn't fix it..when I called them they stated I had to PAY FOR SHIPPING AGAIN..$200.00 later it still doesn't work..very disappointed with Brother

Amazon is awesome, nearly a year later they are allowing me to return it..with shipping and restock fee but still a substantial refund..love Amazon! I might try another Brother as well I think I just got one that was damaged or something, especially since a good percentage of customers love it."
"Got it for my daughter, she loves it. Hasn't tried embroidery on it yet. Very quiet compared to her old machine that died......"
"Let me start off by saying to those individuals who got lemons that I am very sorry that this machine disappointed you.  I do agree that the price point should indicate a good quality machine as with sewing machines you generally get what you pay for.  I am not a professional seamstress.  I am somewhere in between a novice and advanced.  I have made several things and made my own repairs growing up with my mother's Singer.  When I moved out I had nothing and it is so hard to fix certain things without a sewing machine.  I guess I am one of the lucky ones.  I have had my machine for eight months now, but waited 4 months to take it out of the box, and have not had any problems.  I embroidered some miniature (5"") pillows for a friend's office project as well as all the bridesmaid's makeup bags for my friend's wedding.  I have spent the last 6 weeks after getting off work, making 25+ purses for all of the ladies in the office and a few close friends for Christmas with my sewing machine.  I had so much fun doing it even with the loss of sleep on a few of those days.  They were a hit and well worth the time I put into them.  And it cost me less than $4 a purse.

I purchased this product for its features, number of stitches, and the embroidery function.  I read many reviews and decided to take my chances and hope I didn't get a lemon like some others.  This machine works like a champ.  Yes I bent two needles in the process however, both times were my fault, the second being that I only finger tightened the needle in place and forgot to retighten with the included tool.  I learned my lesson not to rush even when working against the clock.  I found it very nice that almost all of the accessories/parts needed to do the functions with this machine were included.  Five of the stitches on the machine require a foot that needs to be purchase and it's less than $40.  Those are serger stitches that require a side cutter foot and I am purchasing that foot and am excited to try that option.  It keeps you from having to buy a serger for basic overcasting or sewing straight or zig zag stitches while cutting the fabric.  Once again, I am sorry for those who received lemons for their purchase.  Hopefully Brother will get wind of the reviews and institute a better quality control system.  Happy sewing everyone."
"Just right for what I had in mind, monograming hats and shirts.  Came early too!

I totally recommend this product."
"this machine is off the hook, easy to use just love it Brother is a good product and the cd tutorial rocks"
My mother really liked it and she believe this machine is not bad at all for a sewing machine!  she actually enjoying it!
"I was intimidated when I first opened the box and looked at the instruction book. I will say watching the CD was easier. I love the threading design and auto needle threader. I have had for about a month, I have done lots of little embroidery projects. I love it so far. I have a quilting project started. Can't wait to use all the features:)"
"I bought the se400 because I needed to replace my sewing machine and wanted to get into machine embroidery. I love it. It's so easy to use and does a great job sewing clothes and embroidering. The only problem I had was when I was embroidering a cap and it got unstuck from the stabilizer and started moving around. The needle broke and it was a big mess of tangled threads in the bobbin case. Not the machine's fault. It did stop with a safety warning until I got it totally cleaned up.

Sometimes I wish I could do larger designs, but I didn't have the money for a larger machine. The SE400 provides great value for the money I had to spend and I'm very happy with it."
"Instructions of the Brother SE400 are easy to follow and understand.
This product works with 110V, so it is not prepared for Europe's 220V. It should be clear on the product's site and either include a transformer or ship an item with the correct working voltage.
This gift for a very special person is now very useful. Without any sewing experience she is very happy because it helps her creativity into building what she wants; very nice presents :) for family and friends.
We made embroidery patterns on t-shirts for friends and they liked it very much. These embroidery patterns were drawn by us with the SofieSew [...] free software (thank you). Very easy to use if you follow the tutorials. To download the patterns made with the SofieSew (version 1.13) to this Brother SE400 by usb cable, export them using the Tajima file extension (*.dst)"
This sewing machine is the very best that one can buy. It's equiped with all the accesories needed to sew and embroider anything. Very easy to setup and use with no previous trainnig. This item is a must be in every home.
"The challenge of undertaking a digital sewing machine is one of the most rewarding experiences of any lady who sews.  This machine is a dream and the CD-RW that came with it, plus the written instrustions make onw wish to sew into the night, awaken in the morning and begin again."
"I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  It was an unexpected gift, but she is already using all the advanced features having never used a sewing machine before."
"This machine has been a GREAT machine so far. It sews very nicely, & is super easy to thread & use. The embroidery part is also pretty easy to put together. I love the settings on speed, so for beginners the speed setting can be very slow, keeping it very easy to control. The electronic owner's manual, with which you can actually watch ""how-to"" videos from your PC, is an huge, huge benefit to me."
i have two left hands and two left feet.  never imagined i would learn how to sew and embroider in this machine.  what made me purchase it was all the videos available on UTUBE concerning this model.  I also got excellent feedback from my Australian neighbor that bought one the year before.
"I've had it now for a few weeks. I was in the middle of a lot of projects when it arrived so I have been using it a great deal. It was simple to learn to use and the results are amazing.
I'm very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend this machine.

****Revision! 2/2013 - I've now had this machine for several months and started having trouble with it about a month ago. Right now it isn't working and I'm going to have to drive 45 miles one way to have someone look at it. :/ This isn't user error, I have been using sewing machines for a very long time and know what I'm doing.

I wish I'd spent more money and gotten a better machine instead of settling for this. It has been frustrating and I think this is just the beginning. :("
Brothers has always been my preferred brand.  I sew alot and find I love using this machine.  Would definately recommend this model to both the inexperienced and experienced user.
"I waited to review this machine for 1 year. And I am very happy to report that I absolutely love my machine. It's so smart, yet so easy to use. Love the handle, thread cutter, automatic threading, great clear bobbin case. I can actually see my bobbin! Touch screen works flawlessly. The machine eill guide you in settinf everythinf up even without the manual. I upload embroidery images all the time from my computer with ease. I quilt with my machine, I embroider with it, make blankets and cloth diapers and stuffed animals all with various fabrics. I sew 3-4 layers of thick fabrics like fleece with no trouble at all. Best machine I have ever owned for the price.

The only and very small complaint I have is every once in a blue moon the auto threader doesn't  work. I will pull the leaver to thread the needle and it swings but stops before getting to the needle. Now my machine needs serviced so I am not sure if this is the reason. But it is not a constant issue.

If you want a excellent quality machine for any type of sewing and don't have a couple grand to spend ( who does ) then this is the machine for you. I also reccomend the Brother Serger as well. It works great to.

EDIT- I just ran into my first problem with my machine. I bought a 5x7 hoop so I could download larger patterns for clothes and totes. I bought several larger patterns from various websites an they would not download to my machine. I contacted one of the websites support and they explained that NO MATTER WHAT HOOP SIZE YOU HAVE, the brother Se400 only has a 4x4 embroidery area (technically 3.9x3.9). So beyond disappointed. Because now I am forced to either buy a much more expensive machine or expensive editing software which devides up larger patterns. Which seems (no pun intended) like a lot of additional work. This is going to be a deal breaker for me and it's so sad because for a year I have loved this machine. But I guess I have out grown it. Please know this if you ever want to embroider larger patterns."
"I just purchased this machine only a few days ago and just sewed a simple stretch knit top that I did the seams of with my serger and wanted to do a zigzag stitch on the hem/neck/arms with this new machine. After folding the hem down and placing it under the presser foot I noticed it was a bit difficult to control the material as the presser foot was squishing it so much so that I had to stop repeatedly to lift the foot and resituate the material and start again. After a few times doing this I figured I better adjust the presser foot 'pressure'.

  Looking the machine over I couldn't find the adjustment so I went to my manual to see where it might be. Looking the manual over I found nothing and decided I'd download the PDF file of the manual and do a search for presser foot and other key words that might help me find it. Not there either. I ended up finding the information at the brother site for this model under the 'specifications' description. It STATES: Presser foot pressure adjustment -  No.

  Now I don't know about anyone else.. but my 25+ year old Kenmore HAS a simple adjustment for the presser foot. I don't know how I'd have gotten by with out it at times as I use it quite often. So now I'm wondering why no one has mentioned this in their review yet? Needless to say I'm rather let down about this. Not sure how much I'll want to sew if I have to fight stretch knits under the presser foot.
 Other then that I liked how it embroidered the few times I got to test it out. LOVE how it can auto thread the needle and cut the thread too. That's something I could get use to!

  Even with all the fantastic reviews on Amazon I purchased it through another web site that ships to store just in case there was any problems I could return the machine and not have to pay shipping. Also, right now is the weekend and no one is answering the customer service phones over at Brother and I'll be calling in Monday to talk to them about the lack of presser foot pressure adjustment (that's a tongue twister!). Hopefully they will offer some advice on how to deal with this so that I'll fall in love with the machine. Otherwise.. I may take it back and keep looking. :(
P.S. I did finish the top but had to rip the neck hem out 3 times before I finally got results I could live with."
I love this machine! Have had no problems with either the sewing functions or the embroidery. Have made many projects with it and my daughter uses it as well...does everything i need it to do. Highly recommend!
This is so easy to use! I was able to set it up right out of the box and embroider a dish towel within 10 minutes! I love the auto threading and the bobbin set up. It is also much quieter than my other sewing machines. Downloading designs from online is very simple as well even if there isn't much detail in the instruction manual on how to do it. The sewing function is wonderful as well!
This is my first embroidery machine and I have been having a great time learning to embroidery things. This machine is so much fun to use. I love the way it clips my threads between thread colors and so many other features. It is easy to use right out of the box. I watched the included CD and got busy playing with my new machine. I love being able to download designs onto my computer and then transfer them to my machine. A very good first machine that you don't have to take out a loan to own one. Sew Happy with this purchase!
"I had wanted an Embroidery Machine for a while and researched my purchase at length. I LOVE this machine, I have had it about a year now and would purchase is again tomorrow! I have embroidered many many items and not one has stitched poorly unless it was my error! As with anything there is a learning curve. The stitches that come with the machine are so so but my view on them is that it is just giving you a taster of the capabilities of the machine. It is very simple to use, threading is the same as any regular machine; the needle threader is wonderful! There are so many free or inexpensive downloads you can find giving you endless possibilities. Transferring the ""patterns"" is simple if a little addictive! And then away the machine goes again! If you have been looking and are still debating......make the purchase today you won't be sorry! Oh and to use as a regular sewing machine it is also wonderful, maybe 2 machines would be good!"
This is the best sewing machine in the world. Love it. I use it to put together quilts . Fail proof.
"I am enjoying my embroidery sewing machine very much, it's a joy to use, I'm still trying to memorize all the new features, I must say it's very exciting."
All the Christmas blankets are made. The kit worked well with the machine. I recommend buying extra needles though. This will keep you going.
Extremely light and easy to use. Makes beautiful stitches and very easy to use. Also so much cheaper than the ones that I had used before.
"I am so happy with this purchase, so happy I bought 2 of them! I do a LOT of embroidery and the price was the best anywhere. I have had a great time embroidering. Every stitch has been perfect. I would highly recommend this machine."
Excellent machine for the money! Bought this machine to take to quilting classes and it has more features than my other machine.  Highly recommend it!
"I have not sewed since high school - many years ago.  I love this machine with all its capabilities.  I have had it now for about a month and I have already sewn several projects with embroidery.  I am still getting used to using the functions.  I have never embroidered before, and this machine made it so simple.  I have not figured out the size issues when putting in a name to embroider, I have just been using small or medium size letters because the larger ones the machine keeps saying it is too large.  I also have not figured out the memory card that it can take.  I have looked online and have only seen one for about $99 that may be what I am looking for, but that is alot of money to spend when you are unsure.  The machine is very easy to use and sews quietly and can sew very quickly.  It is light weight enough that you can take it on the go if you need to.  I love that it is so easy to thread, it has an automatic cutting option, easy to wind bobbins and it can thread itself... (my thread itself function is not working properly after 3 weeks of use, but I think it is because I have done something wrong and am still trying to figure that out).  This is a GREAT machine for a beginner or intermediate user.  It has so many options and comes with various foots to do just about anything...I just love it!"
"I learned on my mom's Kenmore machine from the 1970's and that's the machine I've used until I purchased the Brother SE400 a couple years ago.  I love this machine.  I was a little hesitant, after using the workhorse from the 70's that has never failed me.  My Kenmore has sat in it's case ever since I unpacked this machine from the Amazon box.

Probably one of the best purchases I've ever made, and I did more research than one person probably should when selecting a new sewing machine.  This machine makes me feel spoiled with how easy it is to sew and complete large projects quickly.  It's like learning on a very reliable, but no frills stick shift, and then being handed the keys to 300 HP automatic with leather interior and heated seats."
"I have had this machine for over a year and love it! This was my 1st sewing machine and it is very user friendly! I make lots of cute ruffle pants for my 2 year old. It easily connects to my computer so i can download appliques and monograms. If you are new to sewing and monogramming, this machine is great!"
"Got this machine on September 18, return window expired October 18.  Little bit more than two months later, this machine stopped working properly.  The sewing machine started to make clicking sounds when I sew now and sounds like it will break with each stitch.  Basically right now it won't spin right anymore when trying to sew.  The hook thing that goes up and down with the needle seems to be loose and it's affecting other parts of the machine.  And there is no way for me to tighten it myself.  Was only sewing medium weight fabrics with poly thread, so nothing exotic.  Possibly Amazon dropped it during shipping but they won't accept a return now.  The other scenario is that Brother makes defective product.  Either way, I would not recommend this item to anyone planning to seriously sew."
"Love it, have only used it a few times, still experimenting with it. Will have to order the bigger embroidery arm, but can't wait to start monograming things for my girls."
"I received this order 2 days before Super Storm Sandy trashed my house.  We're living in one small room up stairs right now.  I haven't had a chance to open the order or even look at it.  Fortunately, I hauled it up to the attic before the storm, so it was saved. Will review when I get to open it."
I love my brother sewing machine but sometimes it makes a grinding noise after winding the bobbin then sewing.  The threader broke after a month and I loved that feature.  There were NO instructions for using the internet to get embroidery designs.  The hoop is small and even though it offers bigger and small hoop options I cannot get a larger hoop to work.  Last I cannot figure out how to save a design to it so every time I want to embroider the same design I have to hook it up to the computer and leave it hooked up while sewing.  I own a business and this machine really gets the job done but its maddening at times and I will spend hours figuring out how to do stuff that should be simple and that cuts down on business time.  I suggest it to others that have the patients to figure it all out.
"I have had a sewing machine for years but I have only used it to make simple repairs.  I ordered the Brother SE400 because I wanted to embroider small things on shirts and jackets, mainly for fun.  Then I received this wonderful, easy to learn, smooth operating dream and the next thing you know I am making difficult repairs and embroidering kitty's on my favorite jacket!

My point is, this is a great basic embroidery machine and an awesome sewing machine!

Make sure you order the right embroidery hoops though: there are only 3 that work on the SE400: the 5x7 comes with the machine and you can order the small (1 1/2 x 2) and the medium(4x4) on the Internet.  I recommend calling the help line (yes, they even have a help line!) To verify the parts numbers before you order."
"This is really a first rate product, the way it is linked into the web and the ability to download items, makes this almost a unit that allows you to expand the range. It certainly arrived on time and it came with a good manual. We are now wondering how we managed without it. It is certainly the best unit in its class, good value for money and the support is also good. It arrived on time, and was packed well. Good supplier with a good product."
"Love the features on this machine. I have an oder viking rose and this machine actually has features that are not on my rose, which I paid alot of money for."
"I  love this sewing/embroidery machine!  I've only had it for a day but I have done a bunch of embroidery and some sewing and it works great! I haven't broken a needle or had anything turn out bad. I think that has to do with proper stabilizer and hooping though. Only thing is since I used it so much in just a short time, the machine starts to smell funny. Probably not a good thing but I kept going and nothing bad happened! Definitely recommend this machine!"
"My husband just bought me the Brother SE400, I have been sewing for close to 20 years, I make all kinds of things, mostly costumes and Historical outfits, some of my work is very simple and some is very complicated, I have never had a duel machine  before and I was not sure how it would work as a sewing machine, I have read all the reviews on the Embroidery functions and how wonderful it worked. Well the sewing functions of this machine is top notch, I have never run a more smooth and easy machine, I am giving my highest recommendation to the Brothers SE400. I would go into detail about all the sewing functions but there is no need this is truly a superior machine all around. I was very pleased the the amount of instructional information you received with this machine, two books and a CD Video, all are very clear and easy to understand."
Oggetto conforme alla descrizione in tutto e per tutto. Ottima la qualit dei lavori eseguiti design molto bello ed innovativo con il monitor lcd touch che funziona benissimo.
"I bought this at a local big box store because I was worried I wouldn't use it, wouldn't like it, or wouldn't be able to figure it out. Let me tell you about me, so you understand why those were my concerns...

I'm about as crafty as a sock, my only sewing experience was sewing little bags with yarn closures as a kid, and I have NO PATIENCE. I don't like manuals too much, which doesn't help.

For whatever reason, I got it in my head that I wanted to try this. Not sure why... but anyway, I'm a gadget junkie, so maybe that was part of it.

I bought it, the little sample pack of thread at the same store, and stiched out one of the included patterns. It was AWFUL, but recognizable for what it was... Santa with some trailing letters. But the bobbin thread came up so much, most of the pattern was white... it was pretty bad. I thought ""other people can do this... let me google it"". So I googled it, re-looked at my machine, and I had my bobbin threaded wrong (I missed the little lip it has to go under). Tried again, did a free ""mouse in a stocking"" pattern I found at emblibrary, and it was AWESOME! Super, duper cute... an inch away from perfect! The challenge there was I relied on the machine to tell me what color to put in, rather than the color change chart from the designer (FYI: apparently a common rookie move). So my mouse had pink feet and ear edges, instead of grey, but besides that... PERFECT!

So I did the next thing, and it was GREAT. Here's my lessons learned:
1) Polyester (what comes in that sample pack) stretches a lot... so if you have a dense design, it will cause pucker. There's probably ways to avoid it, but I avoid it by using rayon :).

2) If it's acting funny, it's because it's threaded wrong... most commonly for me, it's the ""lip"" thing in the bobbin case. Then you get too much white. If it dies after a color change and about 8 stitches, says ""recheck upper thread"", really, just rethread it, even if it looks fine.

3) REALLY try to not stretch the fabric when you're hooping it. Causes some scary puckering.

4) There is a difference between different vendors of designs. Some are super good, some not so much. So try a sample or two from a site before you go hog-wild there. They may look cute on the screen, but when you try to stitch it out, they have 5 layers superimposed, which causes some issues, the margins are too thin, or the color changes are really poorly defined.

5) You're likely going to want some software. Many people apparently use Embird, so I wanted to like it, but I don't like their business model... I may be missing something, but my understanding is that it's a chunk of change for the base model, that much again if you want to make your own, that much again if you want to use letters, etc. It's not nickel-and-diming, but hundred-and-hundred-and-fifty-dollaring. Same concept, different scale. They let you try it out, but it's truly crippleware... you can't save images you've built (like what that's supposed to tell you, I don't know... how can I know if this is ok if I can't stitch it???). But I suggest you try it out... for whatever reason, it's very popular. I found Stitch Era Universal, which is freeware that requires a constant internet connection, has ads, and is really free and useful. There are some things that are less useful than Embird (harder to see where your edges should be is my only concern right now), but I can take a design, add some text, save it to the file format I need, etc. I even got fancy and made part of a P-51 red so that I could do a pattern for the Tuskegee Airmen. Took me a while (~1.5 hours) to figure out how to do it, because I had to split objects, insert color changes, etc, but I did it. You can also digitize, but I'm guessing that's hard. :) Both of these have active yahoo groups. There are other software products, but I don't know them, so can't comment effectively.

6) Don't pay full price for any design unless you LOVE it and HAVE to have it now. There's going to be a sale, you're going to get a coupon, or something. That may just be at the sites I'm at, but so far, the sales make it super tempting to get those really neat designs. Put it in your wishlist, wait for a sale or coupon. YMMV.

7) Get the free stuff! Sign up for the club, see what they offer free. Emblibrary has a great Christmas club, and a super nice selection of low cost designs that changes weekly. Bunnycup has a REALLY great selection of free retired sets (the ghosts are super cute!), great designs from a technical perspective, and frequent additions to the ""new sets"" page. It tends to be ""cutsier"" than I would love, but if you're looking for cutesy, that's a great start (lot of applique, too, and good instructional stuff).

8) Get most of your non-thread stuff on amazon... it's just cheaper and convenient. The things that I wouldn't trade for the world are my pre-cut stabilizer sheets (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Tearaway-Embroidery-Stabilizer-8x8-200-Precut-Sheets-for-Embroidery-Machines/dp/B0081WNEXE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Tearaway Embroidery Stabilizer, 8x8, 200 Precut Sheets for Embroidery Machines</a>, pre-wound bobbins (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/144-Prewound-Bobbins-for-Brother-Embroidery-Machine-Size-A-156/dp/B0095UWOCS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">144 Prewound Bobbins for Brother Embroidery Machine Size A (156)</a>, aweseome weird looking scissors (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Havel-s-Ulti-Mates-Angled-Machine-Embroidery-Scissors/dp/B002762G9I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Havel's Ulti-Mates Angled Machine Embroidery Scissors</a>, and any curved forceps for finishing the threading process (unless your fingers are more agile than mine). I got mine at a local craft store in the jewelery making section for $3. Yes, I'm lazy, and I trade money for time... you can probably get roll stabilizer way cheaper, wind your own bobbins, use any old pointy scissors, and finish the threading with fingers. But for me, being able to grab a sheet, have a really full bobbin with exactly the right tension without having to learn how to use my bobbin winder-thingie, and cut stray threads without contortion are so worth it. (Note: I'm likely going to have to learn bobbin-winder-thingie at some point, since sometimes you want bobbin and upper threads to match, like for applique, but I'm not beating feet to it :) )

9) Shop around. The prices for the exact same thread varies from $2.85 to $5.99, with everything in between, with similar variation in other stuff I've seen. brothermall2 and allthreads are relatively good sites, although the user interface is clunky at the first, and it has a limited selection, but prices are great (especially for the easy glow-in-the-dark thread, and fast shipping.

10) If you can afford it, you like madeira thread, and you think you're going to do this a while, get the set. It's expensive, but you get the drawers that go with it, pre-filled and with little stickers for where the spools go back to, and a cross-reference by number (it's sorted by color sheet order). For about 10x what I spend on 30 threads, I got 356 threads, nice wooden drawers with spool-hugging plastic inserts (to avoid rolling) I'll use forever, and not having to worry about getting a particular color for a special pattern. It solved two of my biggest concerns: storage and inventory. How do I know what I have, find what I have, and store what I have? Now I can easily see what has a hole, find anything, and not be flipping through boxes of spools to find stuff. This set was SOOOO worth it for me. I bought several spools of that brand at a cheap thread site, tried it on a pattern or two, and took the plunge early.

11) This is shockingly fun so far. I can make a neat pattern in a short time... I put Mario's gold flower on my son's pajamas, a glow-in-the-dark ghost on my daughter's blanket, and am working on a state quilt. So for non-crafty, non-creative me, this is something that I look forward to doing... it's almost funny. My kids like watching it stitch out, I like the ""set and forget"" and good results (with a few setbacks for learning issues), and I am so impressed with what I can make.

12) Research stuff before you buy it. I almost got the ""hard"" glow in the dark thread, which apparently glows longer, but requires special handling, instead of the ""easy"" glow in the dark, which you use, launder, etc, just like regular thread. And I almost spent $6 for thread, and I avoided spending $600 on modular software. I bought metallics, which are beyond my skill set, because I violated this guidance...

13) Keep the manual close... my first several times threading, I had the book open next to me. As someone who had literally never threaded before, it took me a couple of times (probably 5) to figure it out. It's clearly labeled on the machine, and you'll be doing it in your sleep pretty quickly, but you have to hit all the marks or it just doesn't work. I also watched the first video, and looked in the manual for repeating a color or stitch (they call it ""re-sewing"", if you want to look it up in the manual) when I had threading issues. So I flipped through it, and refer to it (despite my anti-manual leanings). I also read other people saying you have to read the manual cover to cover, and I won't say they're wrong. I may have had fewer threading issues if I would have complied :)

So, this a long review, I know, but if someone else is thinking they may be interested, that's the path I took, and my results!"
"This was the wife's birthday present and she absolutely loves it., Now, I don't know much about buttons on a sewing machine, but it appears to do everything, and more, than she had ever hoped for. She has learned the monogram feature, she has put little figurines on the grandkids clothes, and oh yeah, she has hemmed a pair of pants for me. So, it appears that this is a good product."
Purchased this as a gift for my wife and she loves it and I'm quite amazed at all of the things it can do. I'm also impressed by how quiet it is compared to the last machine. It was a great purchase and we are very happy with the product overall.
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SE400-Computerized-Embroidery-and-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003AVMZA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SE400 Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;Brother SE400 embroidery & sewing machine.  I originally was looking to buy a singer CE250 but then read alot of review & most mentioned problems so I started reading the reviews on this machine & I am pleased that I purchased this machine - its so easy to use, its easy to thread its got a self threading needle especially good with my eye sight.  I have only had it a few days & I have tried a few of the fancy stitches & it does them beautifully - select & press the button to start it sewing.  It comes with an attachment to do button holes put the button you want to make a button hole for in one end it then at the press of a button makes a perfect button hole to the right size for your button.  It has a number of embroidery patterns already installed in its memory again select press the button & off it goes it stops when it needs a change of colour (cotton) it automatically cuts the threads & because its so quick & easy to thread doesnt take long to change a colour & off it goes again.  It comes with a foot pedal but I haven't used this yet, as it sews at the press of a button.  What are its short comings mmmm hard to list any - not available in the UK and it requires a transformer to convert from 240v to 110v (which you will have to purchase).  Purchase from Amazon its simple quick & marvelous if you have a problem & they take care of import duty etc, the machine comes really quickly - I had a date of the 24th October & I received it on the 19th October brilliant.  For its features I would have expected to have paid 800 to 1,000 so for a couple of hundred pounds this is brilliant, fantastic - I am over the moon with it."
"I was unsure about spending money on a new machine as I already had one that was just a sewing (no embroidery) machine. But I was frustrated with my old machine and ended up not sewing just because I didn't want to use it.  After taking a month to finally purchase the Brother SE400... I am SO glad I did!

I would say that I am a pretty beginner sewer.  I was very excited about the idea of having the ability to do embroidery, too.  There was a little bit of a learning curve for me with transferring new designs from the computer (and I am OK with computers).  But, there are MANY YouTube videos out there that are very helpful. Once I watched a video or two I got it.  The User Manual is very helpful, too.  I love all the different stitches and the self-threader!  I couldn't go back to a sewing machine without a self-threader now!

I have made SO MANY things and am so happy with this purchase.  Even my mom (who thought it was wasteful to get a new machine) is now wanting to purchase one and she rarely ever sews!"
"This product is so easy to use. I have never sewed or taken a class.  I am teaching myself, and it truly is very easy.  The manual tells you everything you need to know, including the DVD.  I am sewing my sons halloween costume with very little trouble (other than my own mistakes :) ) and I have been able to thread the machine, change out needles, change the foot, and select the correct stitching, all just by reading the manual. This is a great machine and I would definitley recommend it if you are a first timer."
"I purchased this sewing machine based on other's review.  While it does sew well - this is not a good machine for piecing a quilt as it does not handle 1/4"" stitches well at all.  I am very disappointed as I have recently begun making quilts and that was my primary reason for purchasing a new sewing machine.  My advice...if you want a sewing machine for regular sewing...this is fine.  However, if you will be stitching 1/4"" seams...you should look for another machine."
I love my se400 embroidery sewing machine. I had no problems with it. The only this I did wrong it I broke 1 needle.
love it. love it- a wonderful machine am working on a quilt for my daughter and it is working great.
"My Experience with Delivery and Arrival:

I ordered my Brother SE400 from Amazon as a New item, because I had read the reviews of used/refurbished items not having all of the accessories (feet, threader, etc) and of some of the automatic threaders breaking. The one I ordered came quick (3 days) with all of its accessories and units in the box and working.

My Star Rating: why didn't it get 5 stars?
Con: Note that when you get your box of goodies all of your accessories come in one pouch (I don't know if this will be a problem for the feet yet, especially the embroidery foot because I have not hooked it up yet) which may hurt or cause issues with the product later. The machines parts are as stated above mostly plastic, the only reason I state this is because my thread guide seems to move a lot when sewing, I am sure that I will have to service it soon if it keeps happening.

Pro: It came as described: my bobbin winder winds perfectly, my LCD is lit up with touch pad (all your stitches, widths, lengths, mirror-imaged stitch, reinforced stitch, trim, etc). Also the auto-threader and cut functions provide easy and fast results. The Needle down function is great for curves or when having to take a break. Did I mention you can hook it up to your computer for upgrades or for import of a max of 12 embroidery designs (yeah not much but just delete as you go). It also comes with letters for monogramming and embroidery. Overall, I would say this is a great purchase.

My Experience 1 Month into getting product:

I am still tampering with all the stitches (Manual by my side). I am a beginner at sewing, let me elaborate, I haven't had a sewing machine since I was 8 years old, and we'll call that a toy, regardless, I have already made an Egyptian themed Halloween outfit (shirt and skirt) and an African-style Tunic.  As a beginner I am timid by the embroidery functions, not really, but I have been reading before I jump right in. The good thing is that your Brother SE400 comes with one 4x4 heavy stabilizer and one spool of embroidery thread (white), plus the bobbin thread (white). As of this moment, I am designing my own embroidery design with Stitch Era Universal (free digitizing software offered online), and when I complete the pocket embroidery on the tunic I will let you know how it turns out.  I haven't been to the fabric store yet because I'm reusing all of my over sized shirts and pants as material, but I honestly cannot wait to go because I have been having so much fun with this machine and I hear the experience is like a kid in a candy store.

Anyway, I will try to keep you posted with my projects or issues (hopefully none), but the 25 year limited warranty after the 30 day money back guarantee with Amazon makes this purchase of $337 US dollars a pleasant and almost care-free purchase."
"first embroidery machine, that i have purchased, had the machine for one week, and immediately knew that i had made a big mistake,the sewing machine is perfect, the embroidery part is really good for someone who is a truly a beginner, i knew that i needed a larger hoop size, the 4x4 hoop will not do the job, most designs that i need require a larger hoop size than 4x4, there are lots of designs for the 4x4 size, and it does not matter if you have a larger hoop, still will not work, so this is the biggest concern for me, so now I still have to purchase an embroidery machine.and it will be with the largest hoop size available. any suggestions"
"As a first embroidery machine, this is a great starter. It works well and is pretty easy to get going straight out of the box.  The machine isn't too loud when it embroiders either and that is good.  If you are content with doing tiny embroidery, or you have a knack for math, then this is a good buy.  Having said that, the reason I am wanting to get rid of my 6 month old machine is as follows:
Being stuck with 4X4 hoop limits you seriously on some of the better designs you can get and since I do not have the math/knack for 're-hooping' projects, it's more hassle than I find it to be worth.  You can't download anything to this machine and save it unless it's one or two very small designs.  Also, the 4"" X 4"" hoop is NOT what you can embroider.  You can't get anything over 3.7"" on that size hoop.  Don't be mislead like I was.  The only 'card' you can get for this machine is of course sold by Brother and their idea of great embroidery is to sign up with Disney.  Sorry...I'm not into Mickey and Minnie personally.
There are great web sites to purchase designs for a somewhat minimal price (your definition of minimal will be different than mine) but again, shopping for the small stuff is frustrating.  Buying the over priced 'large' hoop will not fix your issues as the machine refuses to recognize anything over 4X4 even if the hoop allows the space.  If you want to do serious embroidery...save your money until you can afford something that has at least a 5X7"" hoop or larger.  Lots of cash for these machines..but maybe in time they will go on sale or come down a bit.
As far as quilting and sewing goes, the machine does a great job.  I do not like that you are not supposed to 'clean or oil' the machine though.  Another gimmick to have you spend what could be lots of cash having it 'serviced'.
All in all it's been a good learning experience but I'm already frustrated by the limitations and will look for a much better machine that offers a larger embroidery option next time."
The machine is good enough for small jobs and it will be good enough for now and then projects.  I am very happy with what it does.  Changing the thread gets to be a pain on some designs but you can't get everthing for the price.
"I'm withholding the fifth star until I've had a little more time with this machine.  So far, I adore it.

My machine just arrived a few days ago, so this review is based on the limited projects I've been able to do in that time.

The first thing I made was a simple sewing project to test out the functions of the machine- a pillowcase style cover for my dog's bed with button closures.  Immediately, I noticed that threading the machine is super simple.  I LOVE the drop-in bobbin, and this one is ridiculously easy to thread and leaves no questions about whether it is done correctly.  I did not use the automatic needle threader for the upper thread because I was unfamiliar with it and wanted to get started immediately.  I just threaded it the old fashioned way and it worked fine.  I set the machine on medium speed, which was slightly slower than I'd have liked, but the machine sewed beautifully.  There is another foot that cuts as you sew to mimic a serger (trims the edge of a zig zag stitch) but I only discovered that afterward so I haven't tested it yet.  Changing the foot to put on the button-hole foot was very easy and the button holes sewed quickly and neatly.  I was unfamiliar with automatic button-hole stitching, so I didn't realize at first that I needed to lightly hold the fabric in place.  Still, they turned out nicely.

My next project was a quick design on a napkin to try out the embroidery.  I purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/40-Large-Spools-Embroidery-Machine-Thread-for-Brother-With-Thread-Locking-Spool/dp/B0049O3PW8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">40 Large Spools Embroidery Machine Thread for Brother With Thread Locking Spool</a>from Amazon.  The colors are bright and have a beautiful sheen and the thread feels nice.  I followed the instructions to set up the napkin for embroidery (with stabilizer )and chose one of the pre-programed kitchen designs that only uses one color.  I was nervous because of complaints in other reviews so I was careful to follow the directions.  When attaching the embroidery foot, I made sure it was straight and that the needle had clearance on all sides so it wouldn't strike the foot and break.  I fiddled with the layout on the screen and found it easy to rotate the design and adjust its position.  Once it was as I wanted it, I held my breath and pushed start... then I got very excited and took a video to send to one of my craftiest friends.  It's really amazing to watch the machine go!  It took only a few minutes and the design was perfect!

These are my first, limited, experiences with the machine, but I see tons of potential.  The machine is easy to use and the computer aspect is easy to navigate.  I fully expect to update this review in a few months (after xmas craft season) and add the fifth star.

*****UPDATE 5/26/2014, fifth star added!*****
After a year and a half with this machine, it's definitely love!  I've only broken one needle, and that was my fault because I rushed through switching from sewing to embroidery mode and didn't tighten the foot enough.  It was easily replaced and I continued on my embroidering way.

I love the simplicity of use.  The embroidery is GREAT.  I've used designs from the internet/downloads and of my own creation (I highly recommend getting some design software!  It's so much fun to make your own patterns!).  The sewing function is pretty much what you'd expect from any machine.  It does what it's supposed to do.  I'd like it to sew a little faster (my old machine was super speedy!) but the foot pedal allows good control of the speed.  I now use the automatic threader if I'm switching colors a lot because it's so easy, but much of the time I just thread the old school way.  I still haven't tried all the functions or the serger foot; there's so much included I just forget about some of my options!

Regarding accessories:  Some of the threads I bought work better than others.  One yellow, in particular, unravels and jams the machine so I've stopped using it. No big deal because the set of threads I bought had plenty of other options.  YMMV.  Also, I love the pre-wound bobbins (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-PWB250-Prewound-Embroidery-Bobbin-Thread-10-Piece-White/dp/B002U0K8HI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother PWB250 Prewound Embroidery Bobbin Thread 10 Piece, White</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Polystar-10-Pack-Plastic-Prewound-Style-SA156-15J-PWB250-Sewing-Embroidery-Bobbins-For-Brother-Singer-Janome-and-Babylock-Embroidery-Machines/dp/B004HCJRAG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Polystar 10-Pack Plastic Prewound Style SA156 / 15J (PWB250) Sewing Embroidery Bobbins For Brother, Singer, Janome and Babylock Embroidery Machines</a>.  I've never tried anything else, but I'm happy to stick with them; they last plenty long and I haven't had any trouble.

If you're looking for one machine that will meet many needs, this may be it.  It does all the things a moderate sewer/crafter needs.  The embroidery function is easy to learn for beginners but the capability is pretty advanced (the harder part was learning to use the computer program!).  I would definitely buy this machine again."
"I am extremely pleased with my new SE400.  I was embroidering for the first time within 2 hours of unpacking the box and sewing functions have all been seamless (err...  I mean seam-ful!).  The machine arrived with a tension setting of 4 and, using multiple different fabric types, not once have I had to adjust the tension.  No bird nesting under the bobbin plate like my previous low-end brand machines.  And So many sweet features.  The automatic needle threader works 100% of the time, as long as I use the ""needle up"" function first to position it precisely. Bobbin winding is clean, and creates even/balanced bobbins.  Auto-sew function - love it. Thread cutters in all the right locations. Embroidery no hitches. Lots of feet (blind hem, zipper, button hole, overcast, embroidery, button setting, etc).  A nice bag of trinkets accompanied my machine - stitch ripper, embroidery scissors, embroidery bobbin thread, the requisite screwdrivers, etc).  Anyway, I'm a fan and recommend this machine especially at this price point.  V."
This machine does it all.  I love it.  I have had it for a year.  My husband bought if for me for our aniversary.  I haven't stopped using it since he gave it to me.  I make clothing for everyone I know.  Including bags and many other things.  I would highly reccoment to everyone I know.
"When I got this machine, I mostly use it for sewing. But when I started preparing for my embroidery project, i was totally disappointed. It did not work, was stucked on the error ""raise the presser foot level"". Very bad...."
"I haven't sewn on a machine in over 20 years and never had a embroidery machine.  Amazon advertised this machine for a great price and with my third granddaughter on the way I thought aww heck why not.  Surely you can pick up again and make some items for my grand babies.  WHAT an awesome machine.  It's so user friendly and I feel like I have never missed a beat. It  is everything they advertised it to be.  I have made several items already and the embroider functions are awesome and very easy to operate!!!  I LOVE it and would recommend it very highly.  No mechanical problems at all.  Just sewing my heart out.  I purchased this machine August 31, 2012."
"I am a novice when it comes to sewing machines but all of the reviews made it sound like this machine was easy to operate--I even saw a video demonstration of it!  I only wanted to use it for embroidery.

On my first project the needle broke after about 20 stitches and it was a huge pain to replace because there are no tweezers or pliers included which I found it required to get the needle back into the tension hold.  The self-threader has only a 50-50 chance of working. The thread continually came out of the needle while starting new colours (I followed the instructions to give it some slack but too much and you get a jumbled mess).  The third colour of my 5-colour project was about 2 inches left of the centre, ruining the pair of shorts I was embroidering.

This is 100% not a novice machine and should not be marketed as such."
Beware of this product i have barely used it with in the past year and i know have to drive across town less then a week after getting it repaired to get it repaired again. and if it breaks again after a year im on the hook for it at this point I wish I never got it i would have spent more and gone with a Janome or a Husqvarna because this machine just isn't worth it to me any more i am getting so sick of this every time i take it back it is 7 to 10 days before i get it back so everything i want to get done takes forever to finish im.
"I own a machine that cost over $2000.00, it is ten years old, and has never broken down on me.  It has a lot of features that this Brother machine has, but for some reason I like my SE400 better.
I almost feel guilty when I look at my old friend locked up in its case.  This brother does everything my old machine does and more.  I bought it from Premier Appliances, and it was a refurbished machine, I never bought refurbished before but I thought for the price and the chance to try embroidering it was a great deal. It still has a warranty and the company I bought it from will back it also.  I've owned it for about 3 weeks now, and have really given it alot of use and due to my not reading instructions all the way through, abuse.  But Its still running fine, I really love it and if ever I have enough money to buy a machine with more features, I'm pretty sure it will be a brother."
This is my first sewing machine and I love it!! I was very hesitant as being new to sewing but its so easy to operate. (Read the manual its very helpful also  basic functions help is available in machine). I made a tinker bell dress for my two years old and it turned out beautiful .... All in all its the best purchase I ever made.... I will highly recommend it
"I was somewhat disappointed with this machine.  I have had it in the machine for 3 months.  The repairman had to order parts from Japan, but it works well now; thankfully, it was under warranty when all this was done to it.  Warrranty is out now, but it still works pretty well.  Would NOT recommend this machine to anyone."
"Eine ganz tolle Maschine fr wenig Geld
Zehr leicht zu bedienen stickt und nht erstklassig! Versand hat keine 10 Tage gedauert und mit einem strohmumwandler fr 30 konnte ich sie auch sofort in betrieb nehmen!
Jetzt komme ich von der Maschine garnicht mehr los;o)"
"I received my sewing on the 22nd of August 2012, I was a little disapppinted with the machine because it is mostly all cheap plastic, including the bobbins. I think it is great for a beginner, but if you want to get serious about quilting or really about any type of sewing I would recommend the viking sewing machines becaues they are mostly metal and heavy duty machine. For the price it's an okay machine just don't plan on long term use of this product.
I will update more information once I get deeper into the machine.
I did get mine brand new in the box, and all the pieces were there.l
I suggests that if you are considering getting a used one, please don't because the brand new one is better. My friend got a used one and she is even more disappointed than I. She had pieces missing and a broken leveler. My advice go see the machine that is set up and experiment first Before you buy.
Frances from Columbus Ohio.
&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SE400-Computerized-Embroidery-and-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003AVMZA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SE400 Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine</a>"
I purchased this product and had to leave for military training. When I got around to taking out of the box there was missing items which I was not to worried about it because the items were cheap to replace. The embrodiery parts works but the needles break very easy and when I want to sew the the fabric is not feeding like its supose to. I emailed the buyer for help and the only response I got was sorry we cant help you. If your going to sell items like this you should be able to trouble shoot and help customers. Dont waste your money on this product!!!
Very good purchase! Easy to use. Would suggest buying a 4x4  embroidery hoop as the hoop that comes with the machine is not practical for most designs
"I was so surprised this Friday when they delivered my new Brother Embroidery & Sewing machine. It is small in size, but does a great job for what I want. It has a lot more features than I expected, It is quiet and runs vry smoothly. If you know how to sew on other machines, this one will be easy for you. It came with lots of extra goodies and I have not been disappointed. I will be taking it with me on my quilt retreats and out to summer camp. Thank you for prompt service and a really good product.

Rene'"
"I received this machine through Amazon in June, watched a couple of YouTube videos, kept the manual open and handy and got started. My laptop doesn't have a CD drive, so I haven't watch many of the videos the machine comes with because I have to do it on my old clunky laptop.

To get started I purchased
*some fonts and other embroidery designs from artists on Etsy and embroidery library dot com.
* the 61 colors embroidery thread kit sold on Amazon&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/61-Thread-for-Brother-Disney-Embroidery-Machine-RACK/dp/B003ZS335S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">61 Thread for Brother Disney Embroidery Machine + RACK</a>--write the color numbers inside the spool because you will need the color numbers for color charts when you do certain designs!
* extra machine needles
*some extra bobbin cases and
*some tear-away stabilizer (however, I recommend cut-away stabilizer for embroidering on towels)

I SHOULD have also purchased a thread stand at the time, but didn't. It's less than $10 and you never have to worry about your thread not feeding correctly; lower the hassle factor while you are learning and buy this. [...] This is a picture, but don't spend that much money (euros!); your local mom and pop sewing center should have them. Mine was 8 dollars and 99 cents.

To transfer a design from your laptop to the machine you simply connect the machines with the included USB cable, turn the SE400 on, and open a Finder window in your PC and pull, or copy, the file you want from your laptop to the embroidery machine (which may be identified as a removable disk if you are running Windows). The SE400 will show on its LCD screen that a file is being loaded. Then it shows up on the screen and you are ready to go.

I got to work and monogrammed a couple of pillow cases, t-shirts. Pretty easy. But I hooped something wrong, I think, and broke a needle and did something to engage the safety mechanism inside the unit and the motor would not move. So I called the Brother Customer Service and they told me I had to take it in for service. The service center was less than 20 minutes away from me and they got it working in 8 days and it's been perfect since! No charge for the warranty repair.

I've done 6 hand towels (it's true that dry cleaning bags work great as a top layer so that the terry loops don't get hung up on the machine). And I've discovered the Embossing technique which is truly an elegant look (and look for toile designs as well)--look for these types of files on embroidery library dot com. This machine does all this detailed, multilevel work beautifully. This week, I didn't know what I was getting myself into when I downloaded a design for $1 but it ended up being this ornate bird on a blackthorn branch which had 23, yes 23!, color changes.  This machine handles it great. I ran out of bobbin thread in the middle and had to stop and wind one and replace the bobbin but the machine knew exactly where to start back up on the design.

Its ability is diverse and this is my first time with an embroidery machine; I had spent a bunch of money getting baby blankets embroidered at the hometown threads inside of WalMart stores, so this is slightly justified in future gift savings. I plan to do some applique designs later this week. I haven't used it as a sewing machine, but I've had a sewing machine for 25 years which I used probably less than 100 hours, but I'm confident this machine will handle whatever I expect it to do sewing.

Cons:
*the hoop size is limited to 4 inch by 4 inch designs and there are some larger that I'd like to embroider. I know there is a way to break up designs into quadrants but I'm not ready to tackle that yet.
* if you want to put letters together or merge 2 designs layer over layer, you will need some editing software. I was able to download and trial one version for 30 days and it worked great, but I wasn't willing to spend the money yet. I've since found a free iPad/iPhone app (pEmbroidery) that will put letters together and email the design to you in .PES file type (the embroidery file type this machine can read). That app led me to Sierra software which is another design and editing software package available for free but I am just getting started with it, it's not intuitive how to combine letters on top of another design, so I can't recommend that software yet. But it is free, and has an active Yahoo group, so it's worth some investment of my time to play with it and see what it can do.

New discoveries I'm looking forward to experimenting with:  solar thread that changes color when in sunlight (sold on Amazon), glow-in-the dark embroidery thread, and metallic threads.

I hope you will be encouraged to get this machine and get started. It's a great machine for about 1/3 of the price of machines I've considered elsewhere."
"I would give it 0 stars if I could!!  First off this machine hasn't worked right for me from the beginning, I've had nothing but problems with it.  I've had to send it in to be worked on several times now and it's still not fixed.  And what was broken was not covered under warranty which is even worse! Now i'm stuck with this machine and it just makes me so mad that it keeps costing me more and more money.  Buyer beware, I wouldn't recommend this machine to anyone!!"
"Purchased this machine having never owned an embroidery machine before. I was a bit intimidated when it arrived with so many things to figure out but popped in the included dvd and sat next to the machine and went through the dvd for steps as to how to load the bobbin, how to thread the needle, how to remove the foot and add the embroidery foot, how to attach the embroidery arm and then to put the fabric in the hoop, attach the hoop and select and start an embroidery design. To my surprise everything worked fabulously ... not that I was surprised about Brother being a good product because I have the Brother Serger so I figured it would work but thought I'd have more problems getting started since I never did it before. Boy was I wrong!! I did a bit of research online and found that I could use my fusible interfacing (Pellon 931TD for mid weight fabric) as a stabilizer for my lightweight cotton fabric I was using.  I ironed on the interfacing to the wrong side of the fabric and inserted it into the hoop and attached the hoop. I have included a video to show how amazing the machine is. LOVE it and am very happy with my purchase. I will be personalizing a lot of Christmas gifts thanks to this awesome Brother machine!!! You can watch it work on my youtube upload  [ ... ]"
I just got my SE400 two weeks ago from Amazon at a very good price(USD307.25)and I am very pleased with its performance. It's so userfriendly that I didn't even read the user manaul but started to sew/embroider immediately. It's quiet and the stitches are beautiful and stable. The embroidery part is also amazing! I am so happy with my little machine! It's definately a good buy!
"I wanted a travel machine that was small, light weight, and will fit inside a carry-on luggage, while still being a pleasure to sew on and solidly built.  Amazon shipped this machine in 3 days and I put it through the paces.

Sewing & Embroidery test)
I was very happy with my test results on utility sewing, decorative stitching, and embroidery.  Machine feels solid and of high quality.  Bobbin winds better than my $3000 ULT.  All tensions were solid performers at the default setting, again better than my ULT.  Feed dog seem to have strong traction, even on heavy decorative stitching.  Top and bottom fabric fed evenly.  Machine had a factory tested seal on the bobbin door, and it felt like it was thoroughly tested, much better than usual even for expensive machines.  I am glad I waited so long to buy this, because the SE400 seems much more sturdy than previous similar models from Brother and Janome. My friend had 2 previous models that I tried, and at that time I was not at all happy with them.  Those earlier models had felt flimsy.  Those machines also weighed a few pounds less, so probably had less metal inside.  Slight redesign makes it better than previous models.  During embroidery, the non-color screen shows an overall image of the current and next up element, so it's a little easier to see where I am without having a color screen.  The snap points where the embroidery hoop attaches has been redesigned to make it easier to operate.  I like the bigger bobbin design which holds more bobbin thread.  The auto needle threader and thread cutter worked perfectly.

My one qualm is that I smelled burning machine oil after 8 hours of sewing, but there is no place to oil in these new machines.  Even a non-oiling machine usually does need oiling in heavy friction areas.  I will have to open it up after a month or so to see where it needs oiling and a small amount of lubing.  I think it would have been better if the designer had left a few holes where sewing machine oil can be added.  They were eliminated in new models to prevent user error, so it's a form of dumming down the design.  Traditional machines have holes to add oil after 8 hours of sewing.  If you are thinking of oiling, use only sewing machine oil, which evaporates and does not gum up the parts.  The embroidery speed had been decreased from 600 stitches per minute in earlier models to 400.  So, it takes longer to stitch out the same design.  This was probably done to reduce user error, again a form of dumming down.  Maximum sewing speed is a little slower, around 700 stitches per minute.  This seems adaquate for a portable.  I have a Juki quilter's machine that sews 2000 stitches per minute, and I feel a rush when that baby is going, but I only use it for large projects such as a curtain or a sofa cover.  Most good home sewing machine speeds are 850 stitches per minute.

Portability)
The machine weighs 19 lbs with all accessories and fits comfortably inside a hardshell carryon 24""x15""x9.5"".  I attached the embroidery unit and lay it on its side.  There is plenty of space for extra sewing tools after all machine accessories are enclosed.  I will use towels to wrap the machine and each component so nothing gets scratched during transit, but it's the perfect size.  I wanted a combo unit because once I was using a borrowed sewing machine while visiting my brother and found myself wishing I had even the smallest embroidery capability.  Therefore, the 4""x4"" embroidery field is perfect for that.  I have 3 other machines, 2 of them are huge and weigh 45 to 50 lbs.  The embroidery attachment and accessories on my ULT are huge too.  I used to lug them around when I went to visit my mother-in-law, but it will inevitably get banged against a door or car, because it was so heavy and unwieldy.  Now I will be able to travel in style and still get to work on my sewing projects.  I am super happy with my purchase.

Long-term durability)
About 10% of users have said that their machines broke down after a couple of months, though they loved the machine while it was working.  I was worried about this point and will update in 6 months with my own experience.  However, after examining this machine, I feel comfortable that this is a very well made machine.  Generally, if you use your machine for a few hours everyday, you will either need to take it to a servicer every 6 months or learn to service it yourself.  This is true of all home sewing machines.  Service cost of $60-$100 is normal.  I service all of my own machines, because I think this cost is outrageous, but you do need to be a mechanically comfortable person to do this.  Most important part is to clean out the bobbin/feed dog area thoroughly with q-tips everyday.  The race should be oiled every few days with sewing machine oil.  Every 1-6 months, you can open up the head and oil or lube friction areas where the vertical metal moving bars touch other gear or shafts.  Once a year the bottom plate can be completely removed and all stray thread removed from below the feed dog and feed dog gears can be lubed.  Use silicon sewing machine lube for the gears, but don't use too much.  Your warranty will be voided when you remove the bottom plate, but you will no longer be covered under full service warranty after one year, so this is no biggie.  Your limited warranty should still cover you if the motor or computer part burned out, but it's probably a good idea not to tell the servicer that you opened up your machine if this were to happen all the same.  Even so, there are lemons, so I will report back if mine happens to break within 6 months.  Happy sewing :-)

Update 9/29/2012 after two months:
Still works really well.  Machine feels sturdy. Have transported it in a small suitcase by car, and plan to take it on its first airplane ride.  Have finished several sewing and embroidery projects, all came out well. Minor problem with bobbin thread sometimes not locking with top thread during embroidery.  Only way to fix it is to remove hoop, manually pull up the bobbin thread about 6"", rehoop, then sew slowly while holding the top thread with fingers until threads lock, about 6 stitches.  Then continue with embroidery as usual.  Another minor problem is that I now have a large burr (groove) on the throat plate at leftmost needle position.  I am pretty sure this happened when I was sewing neoprene to make a camera case for a friend.  I don't have burrs on any of my other machines even though I sewed on them for many years.  I think this machine cannot feed stretch material well, such as neoprene or nylon/lycra sports fabric.  I must be pulling the fabric towards the back to coax it to feed because the burr is behind the needle.  A solution would be to use a light stabilizer (or tissue paper) under the fabric to provide a little traction for the feed dogs.  Embroidery hoop seems too tight and puckers fabric around the embroidery edges, even with cotton.  It was much better with hydrostick stabilizer, which does not hoop the fabric.  Also the slow embroidery speed of 400 spm instead of 800 spm on my ULT is getting to be a drag.  I timed embroidering a flower topiary (14th built in design), which shows 20 minutes sewing time.  Actual time to embroider with 8 thread color loadings was 35 minutes, which comes out to 1 minute 52 seconds per thread loading.  It may be possible to get thread loading time down to 1 minute if I am less careful.  The 20 minutes of sewing time seems accurate.  I wish Brother had kept the embroidery stitch speed at 600 as in my small embroidery only machine, PE150.  Happy sewing :-)"
"I have not had the chance to sew in 20 years but with my almost empty nest my creative gene has kicked in again.  I love this machine and I have always used Brothers machine as I think they are easier to use. This machine is lightweight compared to my 30 year old brother that still works but is outdated compared to the newer models.

Thankfully this machine self threads and has a LED light over the needle as my eyes have aged over the years and these features make sewing more enjoyable. Threading bobbins is easy but you must follow the directions exactly. I found the quick start instructions almost useless but the instructions for treading and winding bobbins are printed right on the machine :).
The instruction booklet has been my bible. I was able to use this machine right out of the box within the hour.

I have used the embroidery feature twice and it seems easy enough.  I did spend about $70.00 for the embroidery thread and will purchase a larger hoop in the future so budget an extra $100.00 for these items. You can download extra embroidery designs from the internet, some are free and some you pay for.  I really want to use the font designs which are included.

This machine has nice safety features where the machine will shut down if something is amiss and warn you when a bobbins is running low. I have had a bit of an issue with tension and bunching, but received instructions to re-thread the machine and turn the tension dial to -0- and back to -4-.  It worked.

I did not buy my machine from Amazon (but Amazon is my go to shopping place and I have purchased embroidery thread and sewing feet from them) and it is re-furbished.  I have never bought anything re-furbished  so keep your fingers crossed for me.  I did save about $100.00 purchasing this unit over a new one.

I would recommend this machine."
"Bought it a month ago and my wife loves it. Easy to handle and easy to work with.
Lot of stitch patterns and we love the inbuilt embroidery design.
Great product from Brother!!!"
"We bought this embroidery sewing machine because it was on sale and we loved it. The only draw backs that I see are:
You are limited to the 4in area unless you do part, move the fabric in the hoop and continue-I haven't tried that yet because I'm getting used to the hoop but will report back when I do. Also, I contacted Brother and found out that there are no cap hoops that they make compatible with this machine and others have bought larger hoops but said that they still didn't work. Also, I've broken 3 needles out of 5 uses-one of them was actually my fault though. When we put a new needle in, the auto threader didn't work right anymore. I think we didn't get the needle in there far enough maybe? Either way, I know how to thread a machine so it's no big deal (but the auto thread feature was neat)

This sewing machine is nice, it sews smoothly and runs like a breeze. The built in stitches work beautifully and I made some of my own designs and loaded them into the machine and they worked perfectly. My little girl was so amazed to see something that I drew on the computer sewn onto fabric-I'm making her a custom stuffed animal and let her help me design the embroidered face.

I would buy thin machine again and hope to have it for years to come."
"Though purchased for my wife, I can honestly say, that this is a great product. Not a day goes by, that I don't hear what an awesome machine this is, or the multitude of things that it's capable of producing.
I would highly recommend this machine."
The product looks very good. I did a few embroideries. Worked very well. And was broken after I start to make my silk skirt. So I am disappointed and not happy.
"I've never written a bad review online before...but here goes:  I beg to differ with all the good reviews for this machine brother se 400.  (it is even listed as a good machine on CR) After getting to my wit's end, I give upI have made many repair trips to fix the same things and they still don't work properly.  The price should (which is high to some) mean it is dependable and a good machine.  I even begged Brother to take it back for exchange as it is a LEMON.  no way would they be persuaded to make it right by me.  Funny you can return a $40,000 car that's a lemon but apparently not a sewing machine.  The repairman even said he wouldnt help me exchange it and that Brother would never ever do it anyway.  (I actually had two different shops work on it)  Every shop I took it to or inquired about solutions had a different idea about which thread to use, etc.  I don't see how the machine can tell if I am sewing little squares of fabric together with all purpose thread that frays or cotton machine quilting thread; and whether I am making a quilt or a dress.

The problems are the cutter doesn't work--only intermittently it deems to cut a thread for me.  The cutter has been replaced twice and adjusted too;  and when warranty ran out I had to stop taking it in because of high repair costs and besides they weren't making progress as far as I was concerned anyway.  I figure if I pay for ""x"" number of repairs and figuring it is 40 miles each way, and the gas is high too, (of course not factoring in my time and aggravation) I can buy a better machine in a year.  Hopefully the next one I buy will give me many years of troublefree service.

Also it jams in the bobbin case and I have to take it all apart (not easy to remove the feed dog cover plate because of screw placement, and I even had to buy a special short screwdriver that would do the screws b/c all they give you is a circle-shaped piece of metal) and clean it and cut threads off the cutter assembly and I can even see it when the cutter pops out of place. Even the bobbin assembly has been replaced twice (once was because the 1st replacement was defective--imagine!!!)  And I have to  mention what the beginning stitches look like on back of sewn project, looks like a bird's nest of thread.  My 35 y.o. Kenmore never had to have the bobbin case cleaned out, just oil it occasionally, but it was getting slow in stitching and I deserved a new machine with time-saving features, as I quilt or sew almost every day.  AND THE Kenmore never did take a trip out of my sewing room to visit a repair shop.  My daughter has it now, but mainly I use it to mend her kids clothes when I visit..  Of course it doesn't have a thread cutter, but that is only a selling feature and since I'm still cutting threads with my nippers it doesn't matter.  I haven't even tried to use the embroiderer because of the constant problems with the machine, as I'm afraid these problems will affect the embroiderer function as well (and I refuse to think of throwing all that fabric and expensive embroidery thread in trash) and I was really looking forward to that feature.

Right now I am researching a different machine in the $500-1000 range and believe me I read all the reviews.  A friend says to give Brother another chance but I am leery since they would not stand behind my machine.  I'll be giving this machine SE400 to my adult daughter because she doesn't know how to sew and she won't notice the problems LOL.

Thanks for allowing me to vent cause it doesn't do any good to complain to hubby about it and cry and get upset.  Maybe the rest of you will have a good experience with it and with Brother overall, I sure hope someone does.

BTW what good is the so called 25 year warranty all about, if they stop free repairs at one year.  I'm sure the other 24 yrs are figured into the price so exactly what warranty period are we paying for????  HAPPY SEWING TO YOU ALL!!!"
"Amazon shipped the SE400 in a timely manner to Ontario, and DHL was kind to transfer it to another facility so I could more conveniently pick it up, so no complaints regarding the product transfer!

For me, it was intuitive to set up right out of the box.  Brother provides many useful accessories, including some embroidery thread, a set of needles, and a VERY CLEAR manual.  The manual even taught me how to easily clean out my own machine - that's how good its wordings and diagrams are.

The SE400 met my purposes very well, and then some.  I use it primarily with fleece and denim, which the SE400 feeds through, no problem.  Anything thinner also goes through smooth like butter.  The toughest materials I ever fed through it was faux leather and catsuit-type vinyl, and it struggled a little, but still did a wonderful job.

As for the embroidery functions, they work decently.  Letters come out neat enough, though you're better off with another machine if embroidery is your main use.  I mostly enjoy this machine with basic and intermediate sewing projects.  A steal at Amazon's price, with a hardy frame and satisfactory light (though you will definitely want to use extra lighting)."
"It took me a few years to actually buy this model, even though I'd talked to someone who owned a previous model and loved hers immensely.  I met her at a craft show where she was selling hand towels and small items she'd embroidered with her Brother machine.  After the third year's craft show, she asked ""What are you WAITING for?""  I finally ordered it, but it still took me a couple days to get up the nerve to try to embroider with it.  Turns out, it couldn't have been simpler!  I was just nervous because I'd always used mechanical sewing machines and heard computerized ones were so finicky.  So far, nothing has been difficult!

It embroiders beautifully, the set-up is easy and fast, and it's so EASY to set my favorite stitches when sewing.  First time I did a regular sewing project, I'd fuss around with the settings, but then SAVE them.  Next time, you only have to select your favorite stitch and all your saved settings are already in place for stitch length and needle position, etc... how easy!  No more guesswork, exactly perfect every time.

Though I didn't THINK I'd use them much, turns out that the automatic thread cutting button and the needle threading feature are now constantly used, and there's not a bunch of thread pieces falling into the carpet that I'd cut too long.  How easy...wish I'd been able to buy it long ago.  I'd highly recommend the SE400 to anyone.  Even if all you do is SEW with it, it's a GREAT sewing machine! The fact that it embroiders so well, is just a huge bonus at this price.  If you watch the included video before reading the booklet, it's all very clear how to use it either way.  LOVE this machine!

By the way, I use a generic low-shank ""walking foot"" on this machine that I took off one of my old Singer sewing machines and it worked fine for on it.  Looks like most low-shank presser feet may work with the SE400, though I've not tried all of them yet.  It comes with a good selection of presser feet included already, so you may never need anything else, but I'd suggest getting a walking foot as it really makes sewing perfect seams so much easier on any machine, even this one.  I think if anyone who has trouble sewing a straight seam would use one, they'd never go back to a standard presser foot.  Sometimes, it's using the right accessory that makes all the difference."
it a great sewing mash in but you will most likely have some started problems with the bobbin and getting familiar with all the features the machine has i would like to give it five stars but since it would be difficult for ppl that are new in to embroidery and all the bobbin trouble i give it just a 3 star rate ...
"I'm in love with this machine.  It works well with my bobbin thread and embroidery stabilizer from SMB Always.
The threading and bobbin loading on this machine is wonderful and makes it so easy compared to other machines. It
was very easy to learn how to use this machine, and the instructions were straight forward. It even comes with a CD
that shows you how to perform the basic functions. It's so neat that I can hook it up to my computer with the
included USB cable and download items. The LCD window is a nice feature.

There's not much bad to say about this embroidery machine. The embroidery field is only 4""x4"", although that isn't a major issue for me.  It does make a scary noise that really startles me if something gets stuck or if the needle
jams on a pin. Also, the price on this machine fluctuates frequently within a $50 range, so make sure you time your
purchase at the right time."
"We are very pleased with this machine. It was easy to get up and running on day 1 (which I didn't expect). The embroidery function is a little slow to complete a job, but again for the money, it's a great machine!"
"I've been sewing since the age of ten (I'm 52) and have never had a computerized sewing machine until now. What a difference! I feel like I've stepped into the 21st century with my sewing! I did my research for months and checked multiple websites for customer reviews and price ranges. This machine had all the features I was looking for in a new sewing machine, plus it offered the opportunity to get my feet wet with machine embroidery. I could not be more pleased. It's extremely user-friendly---very easy to operate as both a sewing and an embroidery machine. The stitching is beautiful in both capacities as well, with zero problems with tension. I've sewn with denim, satin, heavy home decorating fabrics, terry cloth, faux leather (purse straps), and cotton fabrics with no problems whatsoever. I've stitched through mulitple layers as easily and prettily as the thinnest cotton.

I stick with the Brother brand, because I've had nothing but good results with all my Brother machines. I've never had an issue with any of them. I can't speak for the quality of their customer service, because I've never had a reason to contact them.

Always use quality thread and sharp needles in your machines. I know people who buy cheapo thread and use the same needle for years, and then they get mad when their machine gives them poor quality work!

Two sewing machine features that I especially love on my new machine are the drop-in bobbin and the push-button thread cutter. The world of machine embroidery is entirely new to me. I'm having a blast with it! My best friend wanted me to send her daughter a recipe, so I thought I'd go one better than writing it down on a recipe card or emailing it. I embroidered the recipe and some other designs, along with her name, on an apron. My husband was even impressed with that little project!

I had this machine on my ""wish list"" for a while and kept a check on the price daily. When the price dropped last week, I placed my order. You might want to watch the price a bit before you order as well. That extra you save can buy lots of embroidery thread and stabilizer!"
"Whereas I do not want to return my new machine, I am very disappointed in a 43.00 drop in price in less than two days after receiving my sewing machine!  [[ASIN:B003AVMZA4 Brother SE400 Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine] sINCE THIS REVIEW, I have been issued a refund for the difference. NOW I am happy. Oh, and love the machine too!!"
"Love this machine!!  Definitely recommend it..  Sews quietly and seems strong and loving the automatic thread cutter function!  The embroidery is great and i was able to pull this machine out of the box and start sewing, very simple to use!"
I purchased this machine to replace my brother sewing machine that I had for years. I have had this machine for a month and have hardly been able to put it away. I am having so much fun with the embroidery and it does a great job for the clothes repairs when needed. I can't wait to start my next quilt and use the quilting stiches on this machine. best sewing machine I have ever used! I grew up in a family of sewers and quilters and my brother se400 is the greatest!
"This is my third sewing machine. My first was a small Kenmore then I got a high end Pfaff when I became a Mother for the first time. I've been wanting a new machine for a while and did plenty of research. When I got this machine on Friday, there were so many things that were different than my other one that I was a little intimidated. Yesterday I spent time ""getting to know my new machine"" and I LOVE IT!!! It does all that my other one did, plus much, MUCH more! It's easy to use and actually does all the sewing with a push of a button! The Brother SE400 was less than half of what I had spent on my Pfaff. I hope that it lasts as long! :-)
I am thrilled and have a new sewing/embroidery machine to use for my first grandchild!
The only drawback is that it doesn't have a built in compartment to hold the bobbins, needles, presser feet, etc. The SE400 has a little accessory bag to hold all of those things."
"First of all, let me say that I have never used an embroidery machine before this purchase.  I have had my machine for less than a week and I am in love with it!!  Every free moment I have, I'm making something new.  I'm mostly using it for  appliques on baby items.  The 4x4 hoop size is perfect for this type of work.  It's very easy to use as well.  The instruction manual and the included cd are very detailed and are easy to follow leaving all the guess work out.  I would highly recommend this to someone just starting out or someone on a budget."
"I am a first-time (as in zero experience) sewer and embroiderer.  After getting acquainted with the basics of the machine-- winding the bobbin, threading the needle, etc., which took about an hour with the very detailed instruction manual, I was sewing and embroidering! This machine is intuitive and walks you through everything.  I've only had it 2 days and I've already appliqued and monogrammed a shirt and made a simple pair of shorts! The LCD touch screen is very simple to use and if you ever have a question, the instruction manual has an answer for just about anything.  I highly recommend this machine for any novice, or any mom who spends a fortune on having things embroidered! Be sure to go out and buy some fun thread colors before it arrives because it only comes with white.  It does come with some extra needles and a few bobbins, as well as a little pair of scissors for snipping stray threads. Highly recommend this product!"
"I guess I was like everyone else, I wanted to look at what everyone had to say before I bought the product (se400) I'm new to sewing, but I wanted my projects to have a professional look, and this did the trick!! I can do just what the other more expensive machines can do just on a smaller scale. I'm about to get the software and the Card that stores all my designs I'm itching to see how this will change my projects. The very first thing I made was a leather purse and I have my design on the front of it with a heart. I will try to post a picture later, but I didn't have any trouble making my purse the sewing part was clean and smooth, and I have never done embroidery Ever!! And it came out perfect!! Thanks Amazon. All in all the entire product Is Great!!!"
"I would have given this machine 5 stars but for the size of the 4"" by 4"" sewing field and not quite enough memory capacity for my purposes, though I would buy this machine all over again in spite of this. I went from years of using a very basic singer sewing machine to this great machine and I was in HEAVEN creating beautiful beach towels for my teenager and others using designs I had downloaded (built in designs are a little corny looking but they are good for practicing when you first start out). I like working with my netbook connected to the machine so I can have any designs I want at my fingertips. I bought mine refurbished for about $100 less than I see it here on amazon and I haven't had a bit of trouble with it in the several months I've been using it. Fantastic budget machine and a great space saver as it performs as a regular sewing machine as well. I didn't find the 4"" by 4"" field to be limiting at first, but when I started trying to embellish sheets and pillowcases with floral borders it seemed I was constantly trying to rehoop and line up my designs. Same thing when I was trying to embroider any lettering wider than 4 inches.

So what are the workarounds for these limitations? As far as the memory goes, I just keep my little netbook connected while I'm working. I did find a Brother memory card  for about $100 or so but for me it just didn't seem worth $100 when my netbook was so handy for saving and using designs. For about $15 I found Stitch Era Universal digitizing software which I haven't really learned to use yet (looks very promising though) but it does show pictures of each design next to the file making selection much easier. I also purchased a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SA434-4-Inch-by-6-3-4-Inch-Large-Hoop/dp/B001TOSJ0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SA434 4-Inch-by-6 3/4-Inch Large Hoop</a>&nbsp;which doesn't expand the field, but once I learned to work with it allowed me to fit two 4"" by 4"" designs into the hoop by working first in the bottom half of the hoop and then adusting the clips so you are working in the upper half. Here is how I worked it:

Hoop your fabric or garment.

First design - angle design 90 degrees in direction you want it to face. Place hoop on machine using two pins nearest you so you are working in the bottom half of the hoop then press adjust button and use layout mode DOWN arrow till carriage won't move anymore. On screen the design will be touching the bottom border. Use the trial key that outlines the design on the hoop to make sure it doesn't cross into the upper half of the hoop then embroider.

Second design - angle design 90 degrees again if needed and place hoop on machine using two pins furthest from you. Use up arrow key in layout mode till carriage doesn't move anymore and on screen you can see design touching the top border. Use the trial outline key to make sure the embroidery will not overlap previous work in the lower half then embroider.

You might have to resize your designs in the size mode so they are smaller and 2 of them fit without overlapping. The floral border I did was designed for a 4 X 4"" field but the actual size was 1.18"" height by 3.25"" width. The width measurement is the one that is a struggle to fit so play around using an old pillowcase or scrap fabric to see what you can come up with. I'm going to play with lettering this way, using the guage that measures the distance from center of the hoop to space words between upper and lower halfs of the hoop. Hope this helps. If it does, give me a vote! Thanks."
This Sewing machine is awesome. It threads the needle FOR YOU. It also cuts the thread for you after you sew. Max sewing speed is also adjustable. It is a JOY to sew with.
"Got this one to work on a couple sewing and embroidery projects. The machine has worked out great, the finishing of the embroidery is ok, not the highest quality but ok for a $350+ machine. It is very easy to operate, this being my first sewing machine. I read the manual in one night and started sewing the next day. I haven't had the tension problems or needles breaking yet."
"I purchased this In Feb, have done maybe 10 small embroidery projects and every one has worked like a dream so far!  The threading and bobbin loading on it is by far the easiest I have ever seen in a sewing machine! The drop in bobbin does not even have to be taken up by upper thread! how much easier can it get? Im nowhere near an expert at sewing but have owned several sewing machines but never an embroidery machine, or even used an embroidery machine and was a bit worried to try out the embroidery foot and hoop my first project, but it did not let me down, I was amazed as it stitched out a beautiful design, with no work or frustration on my part!  then I decided to try out downloading a pes 4x4 design online to my laptop, thought this is where I will get stuck, it was a breeze as well!  i would have to give my greatest advice to any owner of a new sewing machine of any kind or brand, the best thing you can do for your sanity is to read that manual at least a couple times cover to cover before even plugging it in! I know how tempting to want to start right up, but I have learned a hard frustrating lesson that all machines can be completely different as far as threading and set up, so do yourself a favor  do it!  The only negative About this machine so far is that it will only do projects up to 4x4 no matter what size hoop that is it maximum size.  this of course is all in description and I knew before purchasing, and was not an issue with me and is still not because for the price It is well worth every penny to me so far! if any durability or other issues come up in future I will revise this review, but love the Brother SE 400 for now!"
"This machine is wonderful!  I have been sowing a little for years, but never on a new machine with all the great features.  The embroidery part is very easy, it took a little play time to understand how the screen works since I have never used a sewing machine like it before. I have downloaded free designs from the internet and it was pretty easy, you just have to make sure it is the right file type or it won't work. Also, I have discovered that you can use regular old thread to embroider, I'm not sure about the colorfast aspect and I'm sure it's not as shinny, but the thread didn't break."
Had to do a project for work and borrowed this machine from my niece.  Loved it so much that I decided to buy one for myself.  It was so easy and the possibilities for future projects are endless!
"Received this machine last weekend and have been having a ball with it. Everything design I have atempted so far has come out great. Machine was easy to learn, maybe because I already own a Brother but it was really rather simple to figure it all out. It took me longer to figure out how to download designs off the internet than it did to learn how to use this machine. Look forward to making lots of projects with this. Mine came with a couple of preloaded bobbins but you should order some stabilizer and thread so you can start having fun right away."
"I love it. I no longer use the foot because you can press the green button for go and stop. You can manually go slow, medium and faster. I think there is slow-medium, medium-fast too, but if not you can control it with the foot presser.
This machine comes with so many foots and you can also find many on amazon. I am not a quilter so I cannot give my opinion for that, but it is great for sewing. I had a singer before and I thought it was Ok, but when I started using this one, I felt like I was in sewing paradise. Caution, it does gets jammed sometimes. But it is EASILY fixed. Just open the lid with the tool provided (you can use a penny too) and remove the jammed thread. And that's it you can start sewing again! Also a problem that keeps on happening is that the reverse stops working randomly and then it works again. It doesn't really bother me. What I love the most is that it cuts the threat for you <3
It also comes with a million things! even the thread! and even small scissors!
It is very very user friendly and good for beginners. I have been sewing for years and this is good for me too.
I have named my sewing machine Ofelia :)"
"It does what it promises to do, and it does it well. However, the embroidery field is only 4""x4"", and the designs that are built in/available from ibroidery are old-lady-ish. It's a bit plain and simple. If you want to embroider teddy bears and watering cans and old fashioned flowers, then it's good for you as is. If you're like me and want hip, creative designs, buy the software that allows you to digitize your own designs. It can only digitize fairly simple things, and if you're thinking about re-hooping and doing bigger designs, you'll have to break them into 4x4 squares yourself, but it's a low priced machine and brother offers low priced software, as well."
"after reading many reviews on this machine, I finally decided to purchase it. And am I ever happy that I did. This machine is a beginner's embroidery machine dream. It is so simple to figure out how, the instructions are pretty straight forward. The best thing about the machine is that it has its own built in emergency stop so you don't ruin your machine when first learning how to operate it. But FYI, buy good quality thread, what you put in is what you get out. There are a ton of places to buy thread online so do your research and find the right kind to use. The best part of the machine is the download embroidery designs. It connects right to your computer and you just drop in the pattern and press start. Its that simple! It took me awhile to figure out which design type you need (PES Files, 4x4 size). If you are looking to embroidery larger sizes, then this machine might not be the right one for you. However, the 4x4 size has been perfect for all of my projects. Although, I am still nervous about not using the machine correctly and breaking it, everything that I have embroidered has turned out perfect. This is the BEST machine for anyone who is new to embroidery, or wants something to get back into sewing. I love my machine and couldn't ask for anything better."
"Within the last two years I have gotten serious with my quilting and sewing projects.  I was using a standard Kenmore sewing machine, there was nothing fancy about it and I really had started to hate it.  When I returned from my deployment and started working on projects again I decided I wanted to try my hand at embroidery, machine embroidery.  When I started doing my research I found this was really the only machine that allowed you to have a sewing function and embroidery function.  I have lost room in my office due to inherited fabric and misc. sewing items so I really didn't want two machines.  I love that this machine is digital and has an automatic sew fuction.  I was a little timid at first using it without the pedal but have found that it saves me so much time because I'm not constantly trying to apply the correct pressure to the pedal and it's helped my posture while sewing.  Yes, this machine does come with a pedal if you like the pedal sewing.  I used the pedal until I was more comfortable with my machine.  I haven't used the embroidery fuction yet and am just waiting to find the right project to try it out on.  I love that you can hook it to the computer with the included USB cable and download items from the website.  I'm not sure if it's me or the machine but the only draw back is I've gone through 3 needles in two months, I don't know if that's normal since I only replaced two needles on my Kenmore in three years.  I don't think busting needles is worth taking a star off though.  Another awesome function is that the machine will stop if something is stuck or the needle jams on a pin.  I love it, but it does kind of make a scary noise when it does get stuck, freaked me out the first time I heard it.  I think this is a great machine for begginers to advanced users, and you just can't beat the price.  I mean yes, it would be awesome to own a Janome but not everyone has that kind of money laying around to use on a sewing machine.  Happy crafting!"
This machine is so easy to use. I have 4 of my grandchildren 10 and under using it. They are having a ball sewing. The speed button makes it perfect for them. This is my first embroidery machine and it is amazing how easy it is to use. The directions are very easy to read and understand. I would recommend this machine to anyone.
"Brother Embroidering sewing machine. It's a very good  machine, I would have like, to have kept
it, I would have liked to have  known the voltage of of the machine to see if the voltage
is the same as the British voltage, and if there is a transformer, where would you get one from
and how much it would cost,and if works I would be tempted to get it again.

Kitty"
"I bought this machine to replace both a regular sewing machine and an older embroidery machine (both of which bit the dust within a few months of each other).  I've used this one now for both, and LOVE it.  It's easy to use, very smooth and quiet operation, and gives me great results.  I love the automatic needle threading feature, and love that (unlike my old embroidery machine) it prompts me for the color thread to use for a thread change with downloaded patterns.  My old machine only did that with the pre-programmed patterns.  Great price, great investment, FUN machine."
"After reading such great reviews, I purchased this embroidery/sewing machine and haven't been disappointed!  The CD that comes with the machine shows you exactly how to perform basic functions in short 1-2 minute videos.

Pull an unused t-shirt out of the bottom drawer and practice first.  It will take you a few tries (maybe even a dozen) before you fully understand how to embroider, and after that, you're in fast forward.  I embroidered about 50 polo shirts for an event, and several people commented on the lovely shirts.  I didn't tell anyone that it was home-made embroidery!

The machine comes with the 4""x4"" hoop, and the smaller 1.5""x2.5"" oval hoop also works great.  The latter is not included but can be purchased separately.  I also recommend that you purchase the Brother Embroidery Starter Kit.

I've been using my Brother SE400 for about a month now and am very happy with it."
"This was my first embroidery machine and I love it. I already own a brother ns30 that is a sewer with decorative stitches,but really wanted a embroidery machine. It is so easy to use and embroiders beautifully.  my machine arrived quickly (im in australia) but after a week it failed,so contacted amazon and I promptly sent it back. They sent me a new one, I chose same machine and I just love it.i wanted a larger area than 4x4,but I really don't need it as 4x4 is plenty. I would not buy a different machine just for bigger hoop size. I would rather learn to split the design and buy the 5x7 hoop for it. It is really amazing machine. Amazon where fantastic with helping me with the problem I had with the 1st machine, I cant recomend them highly enough. the machine can also be used for just sewing,i haven't done any plain sewing on it as ive gone embroidery mad. For someone who had Never done embroidery before this machine is for you.i have been downloadfing designs from computer and transfering to machine with no problems at all. As you can tell....im in love with this machine.

never used a embroidery machine.....this machine is for you."
"When it came time to purchase a new machine with embrodiery on it for my quilting, I took the time to shop around and make comparisions.  I have had this machine now almost two months and I really enjoy it even though I have not gotton to the embroidery yet because I have been completing some special order work.  I will say this machine has made my life easier and I am so very satisfied with the over all quality of the machine as I expected from the Brother name."
"First, I received this machine within 48 hours of placing the order.  I absolutely LOVE it!  It makes sewing quicker and funner.  I haven't tried the embroidery option yet, but am looking forward to it.  The machine threads itself, cuts the thread, and is easy to start out with.  Comes with a very nice book of instructions, plus the disc and the machine itself teaches on the tip of the finger.  I would definitely recommend to anybody who loves sewing, but dislike the tedious jobs of getting the job done!"
"I have been a casual sewer (uniforms, quilts, taking in and letting out clothing) for about 10 years now and this is the best machine I have every used! I've only had it about a month, but so far so good.  I'm getting used to the button for sewing, but thank goodness it comes with a foot pedal just in case I want to rock it old school."
"I have used it a couple of times and it has worked perfectly.  I had trouble getting it threaded, but once done and looking back, I made it more difficult than it had to be.  The machine itself is a nice size and doesn't take up a lot of room.  It's light enough for easy transporting.  The LCD window is a nice feature and informative.  I would recommend this machine."
"I retired last year and one of the things I was looking forward to was sewing.  I am also learning to quilt.  My old Singer sewing machine, which I purchased more than 40 years ago second hand, just wasn't doing the job for me, so I searched around and found such good reports on this Brother machine that I decided to purchase one.  Amazon had the most information and also the best price.  When I got it, I set it up and began to read the manual.  This is my first computerized sewing machine, so there is a lot to learn, but by taking a deep breath and starting at page one, it is like magic, seeing all the things this sewing machine can do.  I have made a few items, as well as 4 block of the months quilt blocks and so far so good.  I would not hesitate recommending this machine to anyone.  It is a good all round sewing machine.  It just purrs and so do I."
"This is my first embroidery machine and I plan to use it only for embroidery since I do have another sewing machine. This machine has been recommended all over the web. Anyway I got it (before my thread came!) But I you can get embroidery thread at walmart for around $6. The directions are so easy to follow. Great pictures. You do not need additional software for this machine. You can get design cards but there are tons you can download for free or buy. Etsy has cute ones. Sewforum.com is a great place to learn and get designs. You have to make sure the design is PES or DST otherwise you need digitizing software. Luckily I found one for free!! Sophiesew.com has a free program but I'm still learning it. There are others you can pay for but I just spent quite a bit to get started!! Hooking up the usb to transfer images is super easy. Just make sure you create a folder on your computer to store the designs to keep yourself organized. The hoop size is only 4x4 I bought the 3 hoop set because there is a way to use it once you get more advanced with the software but the machine will only do 4x4 at a time. Also you can only do about 3 letters at a time. Luckily this is a popular machine and there are tons of blogs and tutorials out there. The only con so far is that the sewing area is small. It's hard for me to change my needle and thread the needle or open up the sewing plate I have small hands too. Guess I will get used to it.

Anyway I hope I have been helpful. I have to get my kiddos snacks in the middle of this so I'm sorry if it's jumbled!!

Here is a great review that sealed the deal for me.
[...]"
"This is a good machine for the money. It sews nicely,threads itself, and cuts the thread for you. I haven't tried all of the stitches yet but what I have sewn on it so far turned out nice. The embroidery part is really nice and I was able to download designs for free with the USB connection. I did read the included manual and I watched the included CD before I started to sew. I would recommend this machine if you want an inexpensive way to try out embroidery. I do wish the embroidery hoop was a little larger than 4x4 but you may be able to purchase larger hoop. There is a 5x7 one if it fits this machine that I will look into in the future. The machine was pretty easy to use but I would still make sure you read the instructions before using it."
"First, let me say that I bought this last April.  I tried out the embroidery part and it worked fine.  The machine sat covered in a corner for months while we worked on our new house.  Lately, with a little more free time, I've decided to make sure my Brother could replace my old trusty Kenmore.  I love the SE400 and all it does.  The embroidery stitches are beautiful and sewing is even better.  Snap on feet make changing them a breeze.  I do think they could have put a brighter light so you could see better.  My machine is by a sunny window and I still have to put a lamp behind it to see.  That could be because I'm hitting the ""need readers"" stage.  This machine will sew through so many layers of fabric. I've been sewing myself some new purses. After quilting the outside layers, adding in pockets and such, my Brother breezed through 8-10 layers of fabric and batting without stalling once.  I love the auto threading.  It took me a while to realize that you have to have the needle back in a certain position in order for it to work...duh.  The auto thread cutter is wonderful.  I also love that it tells you when you are running out of thread in either the bobbin or upper thread.  My only complaint is that I do find the small sewing area a challenge when you change out the shank for a walking foot.  Compared to all this machine does, it's nothing to whine about.  My 1970's Kenmore is going to be leaving me soon.  Every machine I bought to replace my Kenmore didn't do the job and I never thought I'd see the day I'd find a new machine.  This one is great for the price.  Color me happy!"
"I received this item for Christmas, and am finally getting around to trying out all the features. Being used to an older Singer, a computerized machine seems so modern to me. Automatic needle threading and thread cutting have been great features. This machine has worked well with cotton, knits, denim and sewing Velcro onto doll clothes. The embroidery part seems to work well also. I did break a needle while embroidering but that was due to user error and not the machine's fault. I was amazed at the quality of the embroidery on the sweatshirt I made. Overall, I feel this was a great Christmas present!"
"Can you say AWSOME. Ok, at least it is for me. I have a  Kenmore 15 years old. Loved it, or thought I did. I kept saying I don't need a new machine. They all go forward and backward. What more do I need? Hubby (sweet guy) got me this for Valentines day this year. I have had it for a week. He says to the cats ""watch out before she embroiders something on you"". Did you know you don't need the foot pedal on this beauty. How great! Only problem I have is finding bobbins. It came with 4, but with all the thread colors I have, I want more. Just incase someone is like me, new to embroidery, you use special thread for the embroidery bobbin. You don't need to change that every time you change tread colors for your embroidery. I sew, quilt and now I embroider. If your a newbee to embroidery, like me, try this machine."
"I purchased this machine a month ago, from Quality sewing Centers, because it was a very affordable entry-level embroidery machine'  I have had a lot of fun doing machine embroidery and general sewing projects.  It is very well designed.  After reading the manual and learning to thread it properly (Yes, this DOES matter), I was off to the races.  It is a great bonus to be able to personalize the things I make.  Friends love it!

This Brother sewing/Embroidery machine has put my other machines to shame. I bought a re-furbished machine and have had no problems with it."
"This machine is perfect! I had never touched a sewing machine before I bought my Brother SE400.  I started from page 1 of the instruction manual and I am sewing and embroidering in less than 24 hours!  The instruction manual is VERY detailed and helpful. It gives step by step from winding your bobbin to threading the needle all the way to downloading new embroidery patterns from the Internet. I am a huge fan of personalizing. I like to put my kids names on all of their stuff and I like to give gifts that are personalized. I can now do that in the comfort of my own home at a fraction of what I have been paying to get done. This machine is worth every single penny!  When I ordered my machine, I also bought extra needles (even though I now see it came with several), extra bobbins, a lot of spool embroidery thread that was beautifully colored. I think I paid around $35 for the thread and it will last a long time, I can already see that. I also ordered some stabilizer which you will want to use for the embroidery part. The machine comes with several extra's like little scissors, and everything you need as far as the sewing goes. I also bought a big spool of white bobbin thread. This machine is perfect, everything I dreamed of and could have hoped for. I would give it 10 stars if I could!!!!!!!!"
"In my quest for a new sewing machine, I decided that I also wanted embroidery functions in the machine. I do a lot of quilting, for both personal and commercial applications, and thought that embroidery would be one more additional service I could offer my customers. After researching many brands and knowing my budget, I purchased the Brother SE400 machine. Let me be very upfront with this: I have NEVER used a computerized machine nor performed embroidery of any type other than hand cross stitch. This machine is wonderful. I read through the manual and viewed the included instructional CD before I even started up the machine. I have yet to have it tangle up or cause me problems of any type. After using a Singer for the last 10 years, I can share with you the joys of not having my fabric tangle in the feed dogs, tear with over-stitching, or jam and break threads. The embroidery process is the easiest computerized function I have ever used. The images are clear and beautiful, and the .PES and .DST file capabilities (that you download from a home PC) are applicable across most, if not all, embroidery designs found online. I shop on Etsy a lot and this is a standard extension for embroidery designs. If you are a beginner in embroidery and want a good machine for small applications, this is a great machine to start with. I could not be happier. Oh! I must also mention that the smooth and quiet utility stitching is superior to my old machine that I hesitated to use whenever anyone was asleep. You could sew all night and never wake a soul!"
"I just got my machine and I am so excited to use it. I have been busy buying new threads, needles, feet, racks and a table for it. I have not had a new machine in 30 years so this will be so much fun to play with. This machine is so light weight. The only thing I wish it would have come with more double needles as they are so expensive. Small price to pay for years of fun to come."
"I loved it all the feature is great and the price is good
Now I can make my work more professional
thanks."
"This is a great machine for a BEGINNER. However, you will outgrow it FAST. It is limited in that it can only embroider on a 4 x 4 hoop size. Overall, it does great."
I bought this sewing machine for my 33 year old daughter and she loves it! It has everything she wanted and more! She is eager to begin sewing her young children's clothes and loves the way it operates. It was affordable for us and my daughter can't stop thanking me!
I think this is the best buy I have made for a long while. The embroidery/sewing machine is wonderful. Have been learning all weekend what it is capable of doing and haven't even touched the surface. It is easy to use once you get the hang of it. Support knowledge base is great!!!!!
"This machine is absolutely incredible! I had gotten the brother sewing/quilting machine last year so I figured this one would work well, however I was still blown away by all of the features and how many different things you can do with it. Brother is definitely my top choice. I am no professional, but have certainly created some professional looking products with this machine. This machine is so user friendly. Anyone can use it! I love the auto threader and drop in bobbin. The machine also comes with a quick and easy DVD tutorial. Watch it once and you've got it mastered! I highly recommend it to everyone, especially those who have beautiful grand babies like me! The number of adorable items I can create for them is countless! - Having fun sewing for my babies in Oklahoma!"
"I purchased my first machine in October 2011, was super excited when it arrived. Found it to be easy and fun to use. Until 4 weeks later when it hissed, popped and started smoking. Amazon customer services were most helpful in organising a replacment however it did cost me $200 to post the broken one back. So again happy on december 19 when new one arrives. Until today Jan 28 2012 when in the middle of embroiding the machine loses power and will not turn back on. So again I have to pay $200 to return it and get a refund as Amazon will not replace again. If it had a life span longer than 4 weeks this machine would be awesome."
I have never had a sewing machine break so many needles and tangle up on itself as bad as this one has in my entire sewing career!!! Im soo frustrated with this machine! Almost every time I embroider the machine either jams up with the top thread tangling itself into the bobbin so badly it rips holes in my fabric and needs to be taken apart to get wads of thread out or it is smashing needles leaving it unable to finish half embroidered projects. When I do get a finished project it is very nice but it seems my pile of mess ups from smashed needles and tangled bobbins is growing much faster than my beautifully done projects. I'll be calling Brother now to hopefully get this horrible machine replaced... grrr
"I ordered this machine three weeks ago, so that I could do a little embroidery on the things I sew.  I thought my other machine would still be my first choice to sew with.  Well, I was wrong.  This machine makes my garment sewing so much easier and prettier due to the embroidery.  I have embroidered t-shirts, dish towels, napkins and even monogrammed some bath towels with no problems at all.  When the machine arrived, I got it out of the box and set it up and immediately started embroidering even though I have no experience with computerized sewing machines.  It really is that easy.  I have since read the manual and watched the DVD, and that made it a little easier but it all was pretty easy to figure out.  I have also made several garments with it and the only trouble I had was trying to make some button holes in some really thick plush fabric for a jacket.  The machine sewed the jacket seams fine otherwise.  But, button holes in other fabrics go in really easy.  Set up the machine, place your fabric and push a button and the button hole is made for you.  Very nice!  I do believe that since this machine is better, my sewing is also better.  What a great purchase!"
"really good multitasking machine, it does a great job for a great price and you can envision your works and they will come out that way. I recommend that you are a little experienced before using it tough or just read the manuals very throughout."
"This is the best little machine! If you are a beginner the SE400 will take your sewing to a new level. The price listed in this advertisement is misleading. Supposedly, when the machine first came out it was much higher and was only sold by the dealer. My machine which I have had for almost two years was $389. It has been selling for around that price all this time."
"I have nothing negative to say about the Brother SE400 sewing/embroidery machine. It has lots of features that I will be able to use on multiple projects.  It is easy to use, sews like a charm, and the embroidery is beautiful! I am very happy with this machine.

Update: I have used this machine for several years and it has never disappointed. When I decided to start quilting I upgraded to the PQ5100 SL since the SE400 was struggling with the layers of thick fabric, but this will always be my go to machine for smaller projects."
"Love this machine! With Amazon Prime, I actually received it in 24 hrs instead of 48! I've had it about a week now and am SO pleased with my decision to purchase it. The next best price I could find for this machine for was about $550, so there was significant savings from purchasing it here on Amazon.

I have been sewing and hand embroidering since I was 6 and this is my first embroidery machine. I currently own a Singer 4423 heavy duty machine for my denim repair/alterations business and a Singer 14SH654 serger, both of which I use for quilting as well. I currently use the Brother SE400 for the use of my Etsy shop and have used it for decorating Gerber premium cloth diapers. For those unfamiliar with them, they are quite thick (as much as .5 inch) along the center padding and the Brother SE400 blows through them was great ease...much more than my heavy duty machine.

I have not tested out the embroidery capabilities yet. That's on today's to-do list, but I can't imagine the quality will be different. Also, the LCD display is very simple to use. The self threading feature is much simpler than my Singer and the self-cutting thread feature is a fav of mine.

I highly recommend this machine to those of all sewing/embroidery levels who want a great piece of equipment without breaking the bank. :)

...5 Months later and I couldn't be happier!

Happy sewing everyone!
Sassy Smidgens
[...]"
This is my second Brother embroidery machine. I liked the first so much that I bought another for my vacation home. I couldn't imagine being without it.
"Even though this isn't a super high end embroidery machine, it was a big upgrade for me.  I love the fact that I got an amazing, well functioning machine AND embroidery capability at this price.  I've done quite a bit of sewing on it and it's done absolutely everything I wanted it to do with no issues.  Even though there are a lot of functions I didn't have on my older machine, everything is very easy to understand.  I've also used some of the preloaded embroidery patterns (although I have to admit that there are a lot of pretty cheesy ones) with great results, and I've downloaded others off sites that sell embroidery patterns which was very easy to do - i was pleasantly surprised at how easy, actually!  Overall I LOVE this machine and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to try some machine embroidery without spending thousands of dollars, or just wants a nice electronic sewing machine.  I really can't say enough about it.  In fact, I named my machine Jeeves because it does absolutely everything I want it to do and I barely have to lift a finger!"
Which sewing M. advise in another country - Australia(for service and spare part and electrical power)/ Brother SE400- Singer 7470 or Janome
"I have been sewing for 40 years. I remember my grandmother who LOVED to sew sadly giving it up because she couldn't see or hold the thread well enough to thread the sewing machine needle. When I heard about this machine with the automatic needle threader I thought to myself, I will not have to give up my love for sewing when I get older. I watched the videos of the needle threader as well as the embroidery function and read every review that I could before making my purchase. I have been having so much fun and learning quickly about every aspect of my new best friend. The needle threader is awesome. The preloaded designs are great. I have downloaded embroidery designs from the Internet and uploaded them into the machine and they worked great. I have to rember that 4"" x  4"" is the largest downloadable design size. I work with computers on a daily basis and like hi-tech gizmos  so the touch screen was pretty easy to figure out. It has everything anyone would ever want for sewing!"
"Christmas present for my wife.  She loves it.  Quiet.  Easy to use.  The old Singer has been relegated to backup status.  Well made, solid piece of equipment.  Amazon price was $60 lower than Wal Mart.  Couldn't be happier with any purchase."
"I received this machine for Christmas and I love it. Not only do I love the embroidery feature but it sews like a dream. I have a Singer sewing machine that I purchased about a year ago and this Brother outsews it by far. It is very easy to understand and very simple to use. I sewed on it for about a day before I began the embroidery. And just today I realized it also has a serger stitch !! The presser foot for the serger stitch has to be purchased seperate, but that is so much better than buying an additional serger machine !! Thanks Santa !!"
"I am still getting to know this machine. So far, so good. My only beef is that this machine, along with other Brother machines, is very sensitive about the bobbin. If not done EXACTLY right, it throws off the tension, big time. Haven't gotten to the embroidery part yet. That review is for another time!"
"Love the machine, it's everything they say and even more.  Once you read the book and watch video, it's pretty easy to use.  I have had for about three weeks and still learning and having loads of fun."
"Received this machine for Christmas.  Love it!  Easy to use, easy to download designs from your computer to the usb port.  Love the automatic threader, lets you change thread faster.

I am having fun with it but only drawback is you can only do 4x4 designs on it.

Looks like I might be moving on to a bigger machine in a few months for bigger designs.

Brother machines are so much easier and stitch nicer than a Singer.  I have had both and will take Brother machines any old time."
"i couldn't ask for a better machine. VERY easy to use, high quality sewing, beautiful embroidery designs. I love it!!!!"
"This is a good embroidery machine but a weak sewing machine.
Its not the machine to sew garments on, its not a drapery machine.
It won't sew multiple layers of anything.
It won't hem flat felled seam jeans.
Its a cheap, plastic machine(all plastic not just the case) the moving parts are mounted in
plastic, no metal frame inside.

It is however very good at doing embroidery on single layer fabric, excellent at it actually.
Its well worth the price for a stand-alone entry level embroidery unit."
"The machine arrived in perfect condition very quickly. It is replacing a PE 300s that had a bad accident. This is great little machine, way improved from the PE 300s and easy to operate. I like the fact that I can download designs directly from the computer into the machine.  I also have a BabyLock Ellissimo but I often need to have more than one machine to get all my projects done and this one works great for the smaller hoop."
"The item was received promptly and was as expected, it has only been used to embroidery and works great.  Lots of creative enjoyment for the price."
I absolutely love this machine! Even though the hoop is only 4 x 4 (which I was a little skeptical about) it does everything I need it to do. I have had it for about a month now and used it to make lots and lots of Christmas presents this year. Prior to this machine I had my great grandmothers Singer and compared to that one this one is so quiet and sews so smoothly! Very glad I purchased it. I will be using it quite often.
"When I read the product reviews for this item I noticed most were good but the bad ones were consistant. Breaks needles!! Yes it does. And the bobbin thread winder did not work on mine. I wish I'd listened to ALL of the reviews. It is a neat machine and when it worked, it worked well. But after rendering a pretty simple logo on two shirts, it broke the needle. I replaced the needle and tried to finish a shirt with the pre-programed letters in the machine memory. One letter and the needle broke again followed by the safety lock activating. I was almost able to look past the broken winder but breaking needles and destroying good shirts is hard to look past. Seems like it runs too fast or the embroidery unit isn't timed well with the movment of the needle. I imagine alittle re-engineering would improve this product greatly."
"My husband bought this machine for me for Christmas (yay husband!).  He let me open it up 3 weeks early, because I was trying to sew Christmas stocking with my mom's 17+ year old machine that hasn't worked well for a few years.  I got this set up and went to town.  Embroidery, quilting, sewing... everything I needed to make my perfect Christmas stockings.  Luckily, my husband got some embroidery thread and the stabilizers as well, so I had everything I needed.  This machine creates a clean, even, straight stitch when doing normal sewing.  There are lots of stitching options, too, which I love.

The embroidery part did take me a few tries to get used to (changing out the thread for different colors).  It's my first embroidery machine, but the directions are pretty clear and easy to follow (don't let the high tech stuff scare you).  I've since made 2 baby quilts, curtains, throw pillows and a blouse - everything turned out great!  The little embroidery patterns that come with the machine are a good starting place - most are basic and helpful for learning.  There are tons online for free that you can download, and there are programs where you can make your own designs and upload them to your machine.  I did only one, and it was easy to upload.

One thing I do wish is that the embroidery area was larger.  While you can do larger designs by moving the hoop, due to my inexperience with embroidery in general, I find it tedious and difficult.  I'm sure I just need a little more time to get used to moving the hoop around - and there is an option of getting a larger hoop, but it still has to be adjusted around.

I highly recommend this machine for beginner - intermediate sewing.  It's the right price for a basic machine, embroidery machine, and the quilting functions."
"I have spent hours ripping out, redoing and fixing the bobbin case. It slips out of the casing and causes the bobbin thread to knot up. It's not just this model, it also happened with the XR 7700. Thank you customers. Had I not read the negative reviews, I was going to buy a more expensive model, thinking I just didn't spend enough money for the quality. But quickly realized how ludicrous that thinking was, I learned to sew on my great grandmothers treadle machine, which still had an even stitch 50 years later. I'm very disappoined with the lack of responsibility brother takes for these poor quality machines."
"This was purchased for me as a Anniversary gift. At first I was really skeptical because of the price. I had just a basic machine. Once I recieved it and took up the courage to get it out and try it. I am so pleased with it.  The one thing I would like to say about this. Is I would have loved to have been able to easily purchase a pleating ( ruffler )foot. At the time I looked, Brother  did not make one for this machine. I bought a universal one, it doesnt work correctly with this machine. I have owned other Brother sewing machines just not this spiffy.  I also did not like the overcast foot which gave it a clean edge ( supposed to look like a serged edge) It was very flimsy and broke.  Also you don't need to oil this machine. I was surprised by that.  The manual says after so long of use you have to take it in to get serviced.  The service center lubes it up.  Those are the 3 things I do not like about it. I would like to be able to lube it myself. If the machine is running good, and properly cared for why should I have to take it to be serviced. Other then that I absolutely love this machine. I would not let those 3 things stop you from purchasing this machine. I love the fact that you don't have to use the foot pedal to make it work. It has a push start and stop on the machine. Thats a really nice feature when you have little ones constantly on your feet!"
"I've really enjoyed using my new sewing machine. The embroidery function is really fun. The only problems I have encountered so far are that it is hard to get the thread tension right so that the bobbin thread or the top thread don't show through on the other side. Also I've had problems sewing through thick fabrics when I sewed a canvas hand bag. Other than that, there is still much I have to learn and enjoy about this wonderful machine!"
"I'm so excited!  Amazon has amazingly fast shipping.  When I received it I still had 1-2days left.  I'm really pleased with Amazon so far and I hope it will stay that way!  Haha.  They also let you track your package and send you an e-mail alert.  I can't wait to buy some more items for my new sewing machine.  If you need to buy some items I suggest Amazon, it's fast, easy, and cheap."
"great entry level machine. i can see though that i will probably upgrade to a larger machine as soon as i can afford it. however, i will keep this one a sewing machine. for those beginning this hobby it is important to use the right needle for the right thread."
"As a first time embroidery machine buyer I did plently of research to make sure I got the right machine for me! While I do a lot of sewing, I am self taught, so I certainly needed something that I could teach myself on while still getting professional results. This machine is just fantastic (although I have nothing to compare it against). Only the second time I used it, I punched  the logo of my sporting club and had it sewing it out in minutes! THe best feature of the machine is being ablt to hook is directly to your computer! So no need for memory cards. I have bought a USB stick to store my designs on. Too easy and there is so much help ofn the internet available. Would certainly highly recommend."
"i am new to embroidery...so fun!!!  easy to use!!!!!!!  unfortunately, it does NOT work w/ my mac!  worth every cent though."
"Brother SE-400 Combination Embroidery Sewing Machine as soon as I got this one I fell in love with this machine. It is the most affordable combination machine, I just love mine. This machine is easy to use and has a lot of great features. The Brother SE-400 was very easy to set up, the manual talks you through everything  and I never knew how much I would appreciate the auto-threader. If you are considering whether to purches an embroidery machine, I would definitely recommend the Brother SE-400."
"My awesome husband just bought this embroidery machine a few weeks ago. I am amazed at the quality the pictures are! Unbelievably terrific, and well worth the cost. Over all, I give this brand and style two thumbs up. I have embroidered a dozen shirts, a couple of jackets, and even helped a friend out with a small project (free of charge to my friend). Anyway, amazing!!"
"I have to say I love this machine! I researched and researched and decided to do this Brother machine. I have embroidery projects for my business, and thought I would rather create my own then spend the huge amount of money for items. I bought the machine and I went to the store to get some thread, and had a great discussion on beginner embroidery with the nice lady at Joann's. She made sure I had the supplies I needed, including those I didn't know I needed, like Stabilizer fabric. I am pretty computer savvy, so I looked up some you tube videos, watched the CD that came with the machine and was up and running in about 2 hours. I had my first project completed in about 15 minutes, once I was ready to go. It took a minute to figure out how to do different colors. Basically your design stops for you to change the thread, which takes just a minute or so, once your design is back on, you hit the button and away it goes with the next color. If you have many colors, its a pain, but worth the trouble. We have a 2 color logo, so its not that bad. One feature I like it that if your thread breaks or something happens you can ""back up"" your embroidery to get the missed stitches, which is very handy. You can go forward backward and such, making it super easy to fix a mistake.

For our company logo, I used an online company that digitized the logo for 25.00 and emailed me the files and I had them do several formats. I downloaded it to the machine via the supplied USB cable and Viola' - 1 customized logo burp cloth. It works like a charm, and I do several projects a week. It has wonderful capability and I discover a new feature every time I use it. I have done personalized bags, jackets and shirts for all my office staff, and they LOVE it. I go to Walmart and get items for reasonable prices and for 20 minutes of my time and a few cents in thread, I have a awesome incentive gift, or personalized gifts for business partners and associates, and used them as gifts for a recent food drive we had at the office. I haven't found something yet I could find a way to embroider! There are free embroidery design software and also web sites to get cute designs, you just transfer them to the machine and go!

For beginners it is GREAT! For a small business owner, it is invaluable! everyone has been impressed with my creations and have no idea ts not professionally done! One word of caution - you will save a TON of time if you learn what all the LCD buttons do ahead of time, so read the book, watch the CD and really pay attention! I could have saved myself even more time and a couple bags I goofed on, by knowing what the buttons are! LOL

Have fun with it!"
"PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MACHINE. 1st, after reading up on this machine and seeing all the advertisments for the ability to embroider 5 X 7, I find out thru Brother that this machine is ONLY capable of 4 X 4 which in actuality it will embroider only slighty under that size. 2nd, this machine is constantly breaking needles. I've been sewing for years so I am completely aware of the different sizes of needles and which material to use them on. This machine just likes to break needles. 3rd, the tension adjustment ability SUCKS!! I can not get the tension to adjust to make it look good. And 4th, the embroidery tends to skip stitches, A LOT!! Again I say, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY, use it on a better machine than this one."
"I looked online and researched this machine before purchasing and I was not disappointed.  I knew I wanted a Brother and this machine was the perfect step up from what I had.  It does just enough embroidery to satisfy my needs and comes with some decent patterns.  The easy of switching from sewing to embroidery is definitely a win.

The best feature for me is the thread cutter.  It's AWESOME!  I'm a quilter and the start/stop button comes in handy when machine quilting.  The throat is large enough to quilt whatever size quilt I'm working on.  The digital screen is very clear and simple to operate.

This machine is the most bang for your buck as far as I'm concerned."
"I purchased this machine a year ago realizing that for the price paid I shouldn't expect it to perform like the embroidery/combo machines that cost several times more.  I read the reviews and figured that with the vast majority of individuals giving it higher marks it should be good.

I loved the embroidery part right out of the box.  I literally had to quickly read the instructions and embroider names on aprons for Christmas gifts to give that very night.  It wasn't at all difficult to figure out even for a newbie with embroidery machines like me.

I did discover a few things:
1.  It will not sew through anything too thick or too many layers.
2.  If it gets too much fabric dust in the mechanism it will stop sewing--you must regularly clean it out.  Not difficult to do.
3.  You should use good thread (but of course that should be a given)
4.  Don't allow children or inexperienced individuals to use the machine--they usually don't recognize a problem quickly enough causing more issues with the machine.
5.  It must be threaded correctly (strange to say but it seems some people think that shouldn't be an issue).

But I have used it for a year with one problem just last month--it suddenly gave me the error message indicating it was shutting down for a safety reason.  Brother told me to take it to a service center and they were able to reset it.  If it happens again it won't be under warranty and I realize I will have to pay for it--I will simply combine it with a good cleaning which most newer machines require these days on a regular basis.

I have other machines such as a Singer quilters machine which I love but with lots of use it too had a timing problem in year 2 and had to be reset and repaired.

The truth is that digital machines that have internet connectivity etc. are like anything else--they probably will have some issues somewhere along the line.

Overall, I really love this machine.  Brother was helpful when I had a problem.  I don't expect them to cover things that their warranty says it will not--that was my responsibility to understand when purchasing the machine. And when I have the money I will most likely buy another Brother embroidery machine of a higher quality and capability."
"I purchased this to use in vacation home so I wanted it to do a little bit of everything. So far I haven't been disappointed--this is my 4th Brother (PRW and serger at home and CS6000 with daughter). I am looking forward to figuring out the embroidery--on vacationis the only way I will have time. Nice and light weight, threading is not as easy as PRW. A good machine or the money."
"My husband bought this machine for me at Amazon.  What a great machine!  I've been a casual sewer all my life and have owed a couple of economical machines.  Now I have grandchildren and wanted to do a little embroidery.  This will absolutely do the trick.  I made a christening gown for my 6 month old grand-daughter with delicate, flimsy fabric. It sews like a dream! I personally got lucky because I recently bought several presser feet for my old machine, and these presser feet will work with this machine! I love it!  For the price, it is an outstanding machine."
"I bought this machine last Sept. 4 2011 and made only more than 5  curtain panels and didn't even finish sewing on  the 6th  curtain panel. I am so mad and feel regrets that i bought this machine. Engtangled thread  most of  the time,cutter didn't work really well,makes funny noise after an hr of use and im really frustrated today cause the bobbin case itself spin inside and the needle hit on it that made needle broke and the bobbin case. Now i do not know what to do if its only a $100 this machine probably hit on the garbage bin!
Update:
I called brother customer service and ask them  if its still covered the warranty and the Lady said Yes! but the bobbin case is not covered on the warranty since it is not considered as machine part but its only an accessory! Unbelievable!Such a waste of money!"
"I was looking for a more upscale machine than I have. My old maching was purchased 12 years ago. This machine has it all. It does regular stitching, embroidery and so much more. I wanted to take an intermediate step before purchasing a more elaborate embroidery machine. Great features!"
The embroidery designs created by this machine are absolutly wonderful.  I highly recommend this machine to everyone.  Well worth the money.
"after searching ebay, amazon and many sewing machine sites for a machine that is affordable and easy to use, this is the best purchase to date i have made. it is an awesome product, works brilliantly easy to set up and use, following the instructions they are clear and easy to understand. highly recommend this to anyone starting out. and the family are loving their personal presents lol."
"Setup time was quick for a beginner. I really like the quick and easy threading of the needle and bobbins. I have yet to try the embroidery features but the sewing capabilities are good. It was so easy that I started sewing pillows, hemming and fixing holes in clothes. Pulled down some curtains which were too long and took them up to a good hight. I'm having way to much fun! The only con is there are delicate plastic pieces, which I am ever too careful working around, in fear I may break them. I miss the times of metal. Leave the casing plastic but for instance the spool threading arm seems very week and could have been accomplished with metal and would not have add much to the weight of the machine."
"I purchased this machine to so I can enhance my sewing skills. I started off with a simple WalMart machine so I was able to sew on my hubby's uniform patches and hem his pants. But now I am into quilting and this machine has truly made sewing so easy and smooth. I was first put off because it is not like my old one and when you get use to doing things a certain way you can become intimated. Well that easily went to the way side when I got to know my machine. Best thing that I have ever used. I am hooked. Been making vacuum cleaner dolls, quilts, clothes, and so much more on my new found toy ;)"
"I haven't sewn in over 20 years. I wanted to get back into the craft, after doing some research I decided on the SE400. I am so pleased. It is quiet, efficient, and I love the option of not using a foot pedal. My old Singer wasn't computerized, so I find this machine so cool.  The embroidery feature is a plus. As  I did my research I learned from others experience, when embroidering make sure the feed dogs are lowered ( switch on the back of the machine) The guide does not tell you this, otherwise the fabric will keep bunching ( since this is how the fabric is pushed through the machine.) Switching from sew to embroidery is very easy as well. The video they include was helpful  as well. All in all it's a great starter machine"
"I have been using my SE-400 for about a week now.  I love this machine.  I have had two other machines with needle threaders and never used them because they were as hard to use as threading the needle.  This machine's threader is a dream and a great plus when doing the embroidery and changing colors every few minutes.  I also love the larger sized bobbins. I found the embroidery patterns that came in the machine were very nice and will be using a lot of then.  The ones you can down load are easy to down load and there are quite a few free ones at the Brother site and the ones you can buy at IBroidery are not expensive.
My only cons and they are very minor are the last thread guide is sometimes difficult to snap the thread into and the embroidery hoop sometimes takes a little manuvering to get under the presser foot.  I suppose I could attach the hoop before the foot to make life easier.
This embroidery machine is an exceptional, for the price you can't go wrong."
"Updated Review:

I had to delete my original review and lower my rating of this machine. I haven't had this machine long and at first it was going very well. Unfortunately, today I had major problems with the embroidery function. I called Brother because the machine would not recognize where it was at in the embroidery pattern. It kept skipping sections and it never moved from 3/6 on the screen yet started sewing the first one again, over the one that was already there, then it skipped to five and six, but on the screen it still had 3/6. The rep at Brother said there was something wrong with the machine and I would need to have it serviced. I haven't even had this machine 30 days and already it is broken. I returned the machine to the store as this is unacceptable. Less than 30 days with major issues that requires servicing is a sure sign to me that after the 30 day return period has passed I would still have major issues, but then I wouldn't have any options financially. So, I had to lower my rating of this machine due to the inferior product. At least I managed to find out before the return grace period was over, but I am disappointed because I had high hopes for this machine. I even bought an entire set of the thread for the machine that I now can't return and can't use with my regular machine. So, I now give this machine 2 stars because while it worked it was good, but the fact that it broke within 30 days is a major problem."
"Absolutely love it!!!  I haven't sewn in 15 years and had no problem using it after I looked at the DVD, it really sews by itself.  I have made curtains for our house, costumes for my daughter and I plan to make some gifts for Christmas too.  I just started using the embroidery and it is easy to use as well."
"I love, love, love this machine!  It has 3 ways to cut the thread.  I love just pushing a button to cut the top and bobbin threads when finished. It is VERY easy to thread the machine and especially the needle.  It makes wonderful stitches.  My favorite part is the embroidery! So very easy for a beginner like me! Embroidery Library is my favorite download site.  I have had so much fun doing embroidery on my projects.  Everyone is ""WOWed"".  Two friends have this machine on their wish list now.  Can't say enough about it!"
"I didn't write reviews anywhere and this is my first review..I bought this product for my wife as a surprise gift and I don't know anything about sewing or embroidery but after I read the other reviews then I found this will be good buy. Yes this is a good buy because my wife loving it like anything, she is quite busy from the day it arrived :)

It is like a robot and performs like a charm I definitely recommend this product

It has 70 embroidery built-in designs and 67 built-in sewing designs, surely it will help for beginners but my only concern is ppl will make an habit of using robotic sewing and I could see huge of chances ppl may loose their original sewing skills :("
"The machine is great, works better than you can imagine, I am in love. However as a UK buyer, it's worth nothing that you will need to invest in a voltage transformer, around 40, in order to use it. Not much to add on compared to the price of a similar spec machine here though, tbf.

 Also unfortunately Amazon messed up paying my import VAT meaning that when the item arrived here after 13 days, ParcelForce could not deliver it until I'd paid it - another 62. It took about 9 emails and 3 phone calls to the USA before Amazon refunded me this money, Amazon.co.uk would not help at all. Worth bearing in mind before you buy from here."
I love my brother se-400. It is so easy to use. I have never threaded a machine so easily. I really enjoy the self cutting thread feature too. The embroidery part is also easy to use. It is limited to small things. I have not tried uploading any new patterns to it yet. I wish the instruction manual gave better instructions on that part. Brother customer service is very friendly.
"I purchased this machine after many great reviews that I saw. The sewing side of the machine is great-there are many different features and super easy to follow along instructions. I would recommend this for a beginners sewing machine. The embroidery part, however, is AWFUL!!! First of all, you can only use the 5 small fonts included and then if you buy more, you need a $100-$400 software to use more fonts with it. That is not mentioned anywhere. I have ruined 5 different items with the embroidery part-the instruction book for the embroidery side is terrible and has very little guidance. I have had to spend more time looking up things on other websites to figure things out. If you are looking to do more embroidery things, I WOULD NOT recommend this machine!!!!"
"I bought this machine from Amazon as a starter machine as I begin to learn embroidery. As you know, embroidery machines typically start at around $1,000 and go up to more than $12,000 for the high end Janome Memory Craft's so $362 on sale at Amazon was a bargain for this machine. I have since downloaded several free embroidery designs from the internet and let the machine do its thing and the results have been GREAT!

I have yet to experience any thread jamming or breakage (the machine automatically stops embroidering if the thread or needle does break) or any other problems. It does take quite a while to complete an embroidery design if you're doing something with a high thread count. I just did a design with 14,000 stitches and 4 colors and the machine took about 45 minutes to complete it, including the time spent changing the thread colors.

The one limitation the machine has is that is only embroiders on a maximum 4""x4"" size hoop which renders many embroidery designs useless as the standard size for embroidery machine hoops is 5""x7"". If I enjoy embroidering and decide to stick with it, I will probably upgrade to the Brother PE770 which has a 5""x7"" hoop and sells for about $700 on Amazon. The PE770 only does embroidery though so this Brother SE400 would continue to be my main sewing machine and backup embroidery machine.

For the price, you can't beat this thing if you're looking at getting into embroidery and don't need to embroider larger than 4""x4"". The LCD touchscreen is easy to use and the on screen tutorials and help screens are a lifesaver for when you're just getting started with the machine. Highly recommended!"
This is a great starter machine. It does everything that it says. The only down side to the machine is the small embroidery hoop size but I knew that when I purchased mine. Overall a great machine at a great price..
"I've had this machine for a little over 2 weeks and so far have made 20 purses with monograms, and embroidered a bunch of my kids' clothes. The embroidery is amazing for such an inexpensive machine. I did not have high hopes, but it really is easy and good quality.

I use it mostly for constructing handbags and it works very well but it seems to struggle a bit with the heavier fabrics. I hope to have it for a long time, but if my business takes off, I may be investing in a more industrial machine.

I would definitely recommend this machine to the seamstress who makes or mends clothing! It has a lot of stitch functions, a good number of sewing feet to start and I LOVE the auto thread and auto cut."
"I just recently got back into sewing, and it is now so much easier with this machine than I remember.  I love how easy it is to change stitches and presser feet.  The embroidery function is so easy to use and fun.  This was a great purchase, an affordable machine for the sewing enthusiast!  Thanks Amazon!"
"This machine can do so much and it sews so smooth! I love it, I'm a beginner and have so much to learn!"
"I was very excited to receive my new machine.  Took it out of the box and carefully followed all of the instructions, including watching the video tutorial that came along with it.  Tried the embroidery and it did the first color beautifully then on the second color the needle broke.  I followed the video for replacing the needle, tried again and the second needle broke within about 30 seconds (yes the flat part of the needle faced away from me and yes the tension was at the recommended setting and yes I was using stabilizer etc. etc.).  The packing materials in the box clearly stated not to call the place where I purchased it but to call Brother directly, which I did.  They instructed me to check if the bobbin case had scratches or fragments in it.  Negative, so I was told to replace it and try again.  Did that, the machine went into a safety lock and the Brother help desk told me that I had to drive my brand new machine to a dealer 45 minutes from here to fix it as they could no longer troubleshoot over the phone.  I'm beyond disappointed, I'm angry.  This is not an inexpensive machine and this poor quality and service is unacceptable."
I have removed the machine while I am reading Nancy Zieman's book on beginning embroidery.  While reading the book I was amazed that my machine had so many high end options.  The reason I brought the machine out so I could compare what Ms Zieman mentions and what I received in my SE400.  I can't wait to use it but want to take my time as the last time I purchased a machine I rushed and kept finding options the machine could perform that I had not learned.  This time I'm doing it right.  Definitely what I asked for and would recommend anyone wanting to sew and embroidery purchase this machine.  I purchased this machine from Amazon and deliver was quick and handed over to my grasping hands!
I'm in love with it. It's perfect for beginners. Easy to work with. Lovely sewing stitches and patterns. I totally recommend it.
"I have been sewing for about 45 years and this is the best sewing machine I have ever owned. I have not had an embroider machine before, with the exception of an old Kenmore that had embroidery cams.
I love the automatic needle threader (old eyes) and the ability to operate the machine from the front buttons instead if the pedal if you wish. The ability to move the needle left or right by tiny increments is wonderful for stitching cording. This machine has lots of accessories such as more presser feet.
I have been able to sew both heavy denim and leather as well as fine fabrics like silk equally easily.
I have not owned a Brother machine in the past but am very pleased...so pleased that I also purchased a Brother serger to replace my aging babylock.
All in all, I would recommend this machine to anyone and at the price, its a great into machine for embroidery.
Update: January 2017 - still love this machine
 Be sure to do the maintenance and oil regularly. Have not had a problem with this yet...Best machine ever."
"This machine is a good entree into the world of embroidery, but 10 months into it, I have had to bring it into a repair shop twice, without heavy use, for the same issue. (50 miles away, each way in greater L.A.) It is a VERY light weight/light usage machine, and definitely not something that can be used as an every day machine for sewing, much less embroidery. Its unfortunate because it was a decent enough machine, and after a short learning curve, easy to use. I am just nervous that it will be expensive long term when the warranty expires.

I think it is useful if you want to try an embroidery machine before investing in a more solid machine, but not a great machine for the long haul. :(

Edited to add... And 15 months after purchase (1 year warranty) the machine has died yet again and cannot be repaired.  $350 for 15 months and likely 75 total embroidered items, is not a fabulous product to my mind."
"First, the shipping from amazon was way faster than expected. Under promise over deliver. Now to the machine. I have had it for one day now. This machine is so easy to use. Brother has made it so almost anyone can use it right out of the box with almost no training or much practice. Buy this machine it is worth it."
"I purchased my Brother SE400 machine through Amazon last week as a gift for my adult daughter.  She was afraid it would be too difficult to use so she waited until I came over to take it out the box.  Within 45 minutes of unboxing it we were embroidering our first project.  What a fun and easy machine to use!  I have never in my life owned or operated an embroidery machine yet this one was super easy.  It's all computerized so once you understand how to set it up, change the presser foot to the one you use for embroidery, and snap on the embroidery base then the rest is simple.  As someone brand new to embroidery, I did have to reference the manual to understand how to get started.  After I got the machine set up, the touch screen interface was excellent and if you don't know what to do there is a nice help icon that will walk you through any screen.

The built-in designs and fonts are wonderful!  I read where you can download free designs from the internet so the USB port will make it possible to load them right into this machine, but I'll be busy for awhile using what is already available on the machine already.  There is one 4x4 medium hoop that comes with the SE400 which is fine but I'm sure I'll be buying a couple more in the future, one larger and one smaller.

What makes this machine such a great deal is that it is also a sewing machine! There are quite a lot of stitches built in and so many functions to use too.  The Amazon description show you samples.

I bought the Brother Embroidery Starter Kit along with it and glad I did.  It's got a lot of nice things such as pre-wound bobbins, stabilizer, colored thread and tools that I absolutely needed to get started.

I truly love this embroidery machine and know I will be at my daughter's house often to work on projects.  She is totally thrilled with it and so happy that it's amazingly easy for her to use.  After I left her house she continued to embroider a shirt for her husband, feeling 100% confident that she could do it all by herself -- and she did!

The Brother SE400 has my highest recommendation!"
"I looked over various websites for a great deal on a good machine.  This machine was the result of my research and I am very pleased with the machine and how it works.  The Brother SE400 is both a great sewing machine with many stitch patterns, automatic needle threader, automatic bobbin setup, and automatic thread cutter.  I did not realize how helpful some of the automated features were until I started using the embroidery attachment.  The embroidery turns out great.

I also purchased a general sewing book, the Brother PED Basic to transfer embroidery designs to the machine from my computer.

I would recommend this machine if you only need to do 4x4 embroidery.  It is a great machine and durable.  I did break one needle on embroidery startup(should have used a heavier needle)so I suggest using a heavier needle for embroidery.  The heavier needle works great on the embroidery I have done so far.  The automatic features, visual screen and operation manual were also great with the embroidery setup.  Once you get used to the machine, which is easy to use, you should be all set for great sewing and embroidery.

I highly recommend purchasing this Brother SE400 via Amazon."
"Awsome machine!!!Im so happy and my spouse too, the only concern is about the sofware for my computer I must buy a extra cost"
"I imported this machine to the UK, because there is no comparable machine here, with the same features for such a low price. Supply and delivery by amazon.com was efficient and quite speedy (10 days from purchase to delivery) and all customs charges were charged upfront and dealt with by the carrier.

A fabulous machine for the price, which I am using with a 300VA UK to USA step-down transformer, purchased from amazon.co.uk.  I am still learning how to make best use of all the features, but so far I have had great success with downloading free embroidery designs from the internet, and am loving all the more advanced sewing features that my old machine lacked."
"Great little machine for the price, sews wells, runs quietly, is easy to use, does everything I need, and the additional ability to perform small embroidery is a plus.
The actual Brother Sewing Machine shops in my area say this inexpensive model is of inferior quality and will breakdown quickly (& they probably won't fix it), time will tell, the closest model they carried was almost 3 times the Amazon price. great price, free shipping & quick delivery are all super from Amazon"
"Sorry, more of a question than a review. I haven't been able to get purchased embroidery designs to download to the SE 400. I have read the directions ad nauseum, but can find no way to ""copy the pattern to removable disk"".
I am using Windows Vista.
Think one glitch is not being able to keep them from downloading using Adobe, which doesn't work for this.
Any computer whizzes out there??"
"GREAT DELIVERY AND GREAT PRODUCT.  Just as decribed!!!
First time owned  Just as described!!!First time owner of a embroidery machine... Love it!"
"I purchased the Brother SE 400 about a month ago and have only good things to say about it. In short, this sewing machine is AWESOME!!!! This is my very first sewing machine, and it does everything that I need it to do and more! I purchased embroidery software that allows me to embroider any font that I have on my computer, and I have already made many projects and gifts for friends. Everyone can't believe that I did them myself as they look very professional. The best part, once you get the image uploaded all you do is press the little button and the machine does the rest of the work!! Besides the embroidery function, my most favorite thing about this machine is the auto-thread function. Once you set up the thread using the very easy to follow on screen instructions, you pull a little lever and the machine automatically threads the needle!!! My mom is so jealous and thinking about getting one herself. She has a machine that cost her double the amount that this one costs and doesn't do half of the things that the Brother SE400 does. To sum it up, I am very happy with this purchase and have yet to find any complaints about this machine. Thank you Brother for making such an amazing product at an affordable price!!!! :)"
"I have enjoyed sewing and embroidery on my Janome 9000 for 10 years, (paid $3000 for machine and software back then) and my mother-in-law wanted to have a sewing/embroidery machine.  I chose to purchase the Brother Se400 for her and am very pleased with it.  I have to use my old trusty windows XP desktop to run my Janome software and card transfer system.  With the Brother, I was able to transfer from my windows 7 laptop to the machine with no problems. The Brother is a lighter and smaller (more plastic parts, less expensive build, easier to carry) than the Janome.  I ran the same embroidery design using both machines, and the Brother was a faster, quieter, smoother running machine. Both machines make beautiful looking embroidery, and couldn't tell which machine produced either embroidery design. With the Brother, I could also make over 10 embroidery frames and choose what size, position, and sewing pattern.  I could also increase or decrease a design by 10%,rotate the design, and do a mirror image. The Brother also does lettering, with moderate choice of fonts and sizes.
The Brother has a 25 yr. non-transferable warranty. It is 4x4 embroidery. The screen on the machine is in black and white, showing little ""blobs"" for each step of the embroidery process. My Janome works the same way, and I print out a paper copy from my software so I can get a precise, in color look for each step of the design. My favorite web site for purchasing designs is at emblibrary.com, the designs sew out beautifully, and there are many videos and tutorials offered that have been helpful in ""how to"", even for an old pro like me.  The Brother's language is in PES which has more designs available than I can find for my Janome SEW.
Buying a sewing machine feels much like buying a computer.  They get more sophisticated, covering a broad range of prices (how about $13,000 for a new top-of-line Bernina?, sigh....).  I'm very happy and delighted with my Brother se400 purchase.  It'll be interesting to see what will be available in 2021."
"I have never embroidered before and haven't sewn in a few years, and I was able to create a dress for my 2 year old in one night with a sweet little butterfly embroidered on it.  It is very user friendly and works like a dream!  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for even just a sewing machine, as the embroidery feature is like icing on the cake :)"
"I love this machine... before this I have no prior experience sewing or embroidering - and this machine worked easily and wonderfully!

My only question is, I want to do some initial monogramming and can't figure out if I can just buy the ""letter it"" software or if there is other software out there that is cheaper that will enable me to embroider three initials (with the middle initial being larger than the rest!).  I would also love more font options!!!

Overall this is a wonderful beginner machine and I can already see that I'm going to want one that will do 5x7 hooping soon!"
"At first, this sewing machine appears user friendly. It soon becomes apparent that no amount of troubleshooting, manual reading, testing, trying, threading, rethreading, will make it work the way a sewing machine should.
I have had nothing but agony and heartbreak with this machine, and I am an experienced seamstress.  I bought this machine to use for business purposes and have wasted time and materials over and over for the last 6 months. I have infact lost revenue by upgrading my machine, totally the opposite of what I had planned when I decided to invest in a new tool.
It malfunctions on the embroidery function, you can't embroider knits (i.e. t-shirts) without tons of trouble and you are lucky if you get one to turn out at all. It pulls the bobbin thread up to the top no matter how you adjust the tension, switch needles, and so on.
It grabs and eats the bobbin thread on the sewing function til it's impossible to untangle and your whole project is ruined. No amount of trouble shooting and rethreading has helped this problem.
I am filled with regret over this purchase."
"This machine is soo easy to use, compared
to a Singer I had. I would recomend this one
to anyone."
This machine is incredible for my needs. Very easy to use and I love both the regular sewing as well as the embroidery. I read reviews and researched this before buying and I'm thrilled with the purchase.
Bought this machine because of the reviews.  Have had great results with everything I have produced.  The only downside is the hoop is too small for some of the great designs that are out on the web.
"I couldn't say enough about this product of a sewing maching, it is the Best I ever used, I have not used the Embroidery part yet, because I am having to much fun making my second quilt, all the features this machine has is so wonderful, the instructions are easy to use and follow, when I am finished I will start on the embroidery, thanks Amazon for selling a great product. LAA/"
"This is perfect product, it performed excellently. I have no complanit with this machine. with free delivery, Amazon.com price is unbeatable, and with the length of the warranty, Brother is exceptionally outstanding in reliability and peace of mind for consumers."
"I've been wanting to get a new machine for years, particularly a computerized machine, but I just kept holding off because I was sure that every machine in my price range was going to have their own quirks (like my old machine that had grown on me) and I just wasn't ready to make the financial commitment.

When I saw this machine: a computerized sewing machine PLUS embroidery for so inexpensive, I was completely dubious.  Things that are too good to be true, usually are.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  This machine is AMAZING!!!  Just winding the bobbin and threading the needle sent me into an animated tizzy.  Taking it out of the box was a little overwhelming (all the options and attachments), but the whole machine is super intuitive.  Within the hour I was up and sewing (okay playing) comfortably with all the cool stitches and in under 2 hours, I was embroidering my first project.

Since then, just 2 days ago, I've embroidered 6 projects, embellished 1 skirt and have almost finished making another really cute skirt and the machine is so smooth and easy to use.  The things I like:

- First and foremost, the stitches are really smooth and even. VERY clean and professional (and the feed kept them very controlled).
- SO many stitch options for any project and the stitches are all super easy to adjust.
- Embroidery was simple. Lots of cute projects already installed. I mixed up the colors to give them a little more spunk (the ""recommended"" colors were a little boring).  Haven't tried loading my own images yet, but it looks really easy like everything else.
- IN.TU.I.TIVE! So easy to pick up and start sewing right away.
- Great manuals. Yes plural.  There's a great picture based ""quick"" guide as well as a giant manual and also a USB guide for transferring files.  I personally found a combination of the first 2 to tell me everything I needed to know really quickly.
- No need for a pressure foot!  Just push the start button and you're off!  Push it again and it stops (and it always stops IN the fabric so if you need to adjust your position, you don't have to remember to put the needle back in first - which I was terrible at remembering on my old machine).
- The speed control helped me keep things straight and even.  I'm a manic, impatient sewer.  Give me the option to cruise and I'll take it (crooked seams and all).  But by setting the speed to a more practical speed, it helped me pace myself a lot better (and I think helped keep the thread from pulling and getting wonky).
- Also super cool that there's a button that cuts the thread for you when you're done sewing (it's the little things.. and this machine has a lot of those little things :)

So basically I like everything about this machine.  All the positive reviews really speak for it.  I'm very impressed."
"I wanted to upgrade to a new machine and wanted to include embroidery.  I have monogrammed a few items at this point and it does a fantastic job.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  Easy to use, CD included with basic instructions and very good instruction book.  This is very user friendly!  I think it was a good buy for the money.

Keep in mind your embroidery area is 4 x 4."
"I've owned the machine for about 2 months and I've made a couple of blouses and reworked some bedspread, and love how smooth it operates.  The buttonhole stitches are wonderful!  Not much embroidery yet, but the initials I added to shirts came out perfect. Only problem so far is that the standard foot hangs up on thick seams."
"My new brother SE400 computerized embroidery and sewing machine is the best purchase I have ever made. My only complaint is I keep running out of thread. I can't seem to keep enough of it because  I use the machine every day, It is so simple and easy to use. The other reviews I read helped me skip all of the possible problems and it sews like a dream.  Easy to thread, easy to operate, easy to design anything I want. I think my favorite part is the ""no pressure foot"" option. I just push the green button and off it goes.

 Quick info:  Watch the feeder plate, it needs to be ""down"". Needle needs to be ""UP"" before the threader works. Make sure to keep an extra bobbin ready and threaded correctly. The hoop only goes on one way. Make sure and use a stronger thread for top thread, you don't want the cheap thread to break in the middle of a project.  Enjoy and trust you bought the very best."
Love this machine and really enjoying the USB hookup connection. You can download many different designs to use. Recommend this machine to everyone.
"I purchased the brother SE400 from Amazon last year. I waited till now to review it, because I was a little scared about doing embroidery, and I wanted to have fully used it before I wrote a review.
I love this machine. At first I did only mending, because I couldn't afford material for making clothes. It worked very well, easiest buttons I have ever sewn on a garment. Fixed tears and hanging hems with ease. It was so quiet my son asked me if it was working when I was fixing a hem on his coat.
Next I made costumes for a haunted house last October, this machine worked well on a variety of materials.
I decided then to try the embroidery. I hadn't bought any special machine embroidery thread, but I decided to put my initials on the cloth cover that comes with the machine. It worked fine, but would have been less puckery if I had used some stabelizer (sic). I did some of the embroidery patterns that come with the machine on scrap cloth and really liked what they had. I also downloaded some patterns from the internet. It was very easy with the usb connecter, to add them on the machine. I wanted to do some of my own designs, so I looked on the internet for digitizing software. I found 2 that I have used, one that you can use for free anytime, but it mostly resizes and changes formats of previously digitized designs. The other one can be used for free anytime, but you have to be connected to the internet when you use it. I have digitized the Logo for my Husband's Magic show. He is always finding another thing he wants me to put it on. I made an embroidered table cloth, and napkins for my daughter-in-law's birthday present. I digitized a photo of my bosses newborn daughter, and embroidered it in monochrome adding her birthdate, weight and length. I framed it and gave it to him and he was absolutely thrilled. I have done some freestanding lace on water soluble stableizer and it turned out so beautiful.
This machine will only embroider a 4x4 area at a time, but you can break larger embroidery into sections and do them side by side, and no one would know that you didn't do it all at once.
I am having such a good time with this machine that I almost forgot to do a review!

okay has it been 5 years since I bought this machine? Where did the time go. I have sad news, part of the automatic needle threader broke, I can still manually thread the needle easily. But I did look on line to see how much a replacement would cost. Nope not hundreds of dollars not even fifties of dollars, just $14.95. if that's all I have to fix on this machine after 5 years I say it is a great bargain."
"I've just bought this recently and I'm just learning how everything works. But I am impressed what this machine does. The size of the manual was a bit imtimidating, but I took a couple days to read through everything before I tried using it. The touch screen works really great and will take a little time of using to get used to it. Sews great. The embroidery functions work great, but I haven't done anything besides letters so far. This is diffently a fun machine. What's is setting up your machine to embroider letters, once it starts you don't have to touch anything. Also, a different feature on this is push to sew button. You can either sew this way or with a foot peddle. Optional stop sewing with needle up or down is a great feature. I love this machine."
"This machine is probably turning out to be my husband's worse nightmare, I spend every extra minute I have trying to come up with new ways to use it!  I'm upgrading from a Singer Simple (oh what a nightmare that ended up being).  I definitely wanted something of decent quality that I could ""grow"" into, without breaking the bank.  This machine fit the bill perfectly.  Even though I had never machine embroidered before, I thought it would be cool to be able to monogram things (hooded towels, little purses for me nieces, etc), and maybe do some little designs.  Now, embroidery is NOT a no-brainer, easy to do thing as some reviewers led me to believe, but it isn't very difficult either, and boy oh boy is it fun (and addicting!).  Just know that you probably won't be doing it straight out of the box (unless you have already ordered all the other stuff you need, and there is a lot of it). Now that I've started I would looove one with a larger field size - but not so much that I'm willing to pay $1000 for one, so this will just have to do :)
As for sewing, I'm amazed at how nice it is to have so many feet and little features (like the auto thread cutter).  I use it mostly for crafts - I have yet to attempt any clothing - but this machine is a MILLION times better than my last.  I made several canvas diaper bags and while it did have a little trouble with several layers of canvas, it still did a great job.  That being said, if you consistently work with heavy materials, I'm not sure how well it would hold up over time.  But all in all, this thing is GREAT."
"Bought it for my wife. It arrived on the date promised. My wife decided to make baby blankets, machine is definitely doing it's part. The problem is arising with the embroidery part. We discovered that the SE400 only does a 4""X4"" area. We are learning that you get what you pay for.
To upgrade to a 5x7 embroidery area we will have to spend a couple of $100 more for another machine.
Like I said above, as a sewing machine this is terrific. Even the embroidery is good, just too small."
"I have been sewing for about 20 years. My last machine was a Sears Kenmore from the 1970's. It sewed great until the clutch went out. Everything on my old machine was difficult to use and I had to constantly use the manual to do anything with it. Decorative stitches required an insertable pattern cam, So I spent more time setting the machine up than actually sewing. It got to where I only used it for straight stitching..lol.  So I decided it was time for a new machine. I looked all over online and at local sewing stores, Sears, Walmart, etc. Nothing in this price range compared to the SE400. Most machines with the auto thread cutting feature alone start at $1200 dollars. I love the touch screen on this one and again is a feature normally reserved for higher end models.

I was able to embroider with the SE400 on the first day after I bought it. Setup was a breeze and having never used an embroidery machine before I was impressed with the results. I love how easy it is to change the presser feet and the needle up/down button is a very useful feature. I will say I am now spoiled by the features of the SE400. It would be hard to go back to the Kenmore. I may fix the old machine down the road for heavy duty sewing as I don't think the SE400 would do well for upholstery fabric. However if you craft and sew clothes, linens, etc. this is the machine for you at a VERY affordable price.

All in all, even if you never used the embroidery feature, this is a great sewing machine packed with features you won't find on another machine at this price. So in a way its like getting the embroidery part for free and still getting a sewing machine at less than half the cost of a comparable model."
I LOVE THIS MACHINE  I saved up and waited and waited for price to drop and when I saw the great deal on Amazon I ordered it right away and even though they said it could take several months but within a week I had my new machine.  I had never used an embroidery machine before and I have to say that the step by step instructions along with the pictures made it super easy to operate.  I am still learning but this machine is fantastic!!!!!!!!
"DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE IF...
 If You.. like Easy machines to use, that are self explained, and easy to set up.
 Or If.. You Enjoy Finding the Whole to Your needle  & Placing Thread Threw it.
 & You don't like Quiet machines with speed control built in... But if you want a machine like that then buy this one! it is Amazing. my favorite machine ever!! it is the calculator to them hard algebraII problems/ sewing to the not knowing. ANY 1 CAN SEW ON THIS MACHINE even a fist timer (its 1.2.3 self Thread) ;-) <3<3<3 Rated 10 outa 10"
"I needed a new hobby and this caught my eye. I just got a chance to actually play with it yesterday.  I sat down and read through the instructions step by step. The automatic threading was awesome- although it took a couple tries to figure it out.

I wanted this to learn embroidery and so  I got everything set up to start my first project. It was a little daunting, but the instruction book spells everything out perfectly!  Before I knew it, I had embroidered my first piece flawlessly!  What fun!

It was helpful to me to read other peoples comments and watch the videos on You Tube and Brothers website. Those were what convinced me to go with this machine. I don't think you can beat the price for what you get.

I did buy some Sulky rayon thread at local well-known fabric store to experiment with. It was $3.99 per small spool. I decided once I got home to also buy the Sulky embroidery lovers set with 101 spools. That was an investment but it was less than half the price of buying them individually at the fabric store.

And, although you only get the 4"" hoop with this machine, I personally can't imagine needing anything bigger. The designs are large! I am also looking forward to downloading designs to my computer.  I did also order an embroidery card which I am anxious to get!

I am very happy with this machine. Once your first piece is done, it all makes sense and the next one is a breeze."
"I am a seamstress not an embroiderer. I wanted a machine that could do all the basics stitches for sewing clothing and a few fancy touches like 5 embroidery fonts. This machine is for me. I haven't taken it through all its paces  but so far I am pleased. It is the same machine as the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-LB6800PRW-Computerized-Embroidery-and-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003EPLBMO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother LB6800PRW Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;so buy the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SE400-Computerized-Embroidery-and-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003AVMZA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SE400 Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;for less."
"I have just received my new machine and love it! I ordered the SA-166 walking foot that I needed and was told via email that it would work. I hope so because when it arrives, I will try it out and see if it works. The CD that came with the se-400 has been really helpful so I can have an idea of what I will have to do to use the embroidery part of the machine since this is my first time doing that. I haven't done any yet, but when I do, I will let you know how easy it is--like it says."
"I bought this machine to do embroidery for 100 totes. It was my first embroidery machine and I absolutely LOVE it!!! I primarily chose it because another reviewer said it was compatible with a mac. They were right! It shows up as a ""no name"" external drive. All you have to do is drag & drop your designs (I'm using .pes format) and then tell the machine to save it. The internal fonts were very good so I didn't have to buy any cards or anything. I am 75 into the project and it is still working like a champ!

After about 20 designs, the thread started bunching up under the fabric, and the thread kept pulling free from the needle.  Apparently, I had started missing the uptake lever when I was threading the machine! I usually sew on a 25 yr-old Kenmore that has a swing open door to see into the mechanism above the needle. This machine doesn't, you have to unscrew it. After taking off the side so I could thread it visually (until I got the hang of not missing the uptake lever) everything was once again working smoothly.

The one issue I have is that the baseplate has a bit of movement in it which caused a couple of needle breakages-the needle kept hitting it-now it has a bur. But loosening the left screw a bit and repositioning the plate before tightening it again solved that problem.

One really great feature is that if your bobbin gets low, the machine tells you. I thought once I removed the hoop and put in a new bobbin, I would have to start all over on the design, but the machine knew exactly where it had left off and continued on nicely. Maybe all embroidery machines do that, but I thought that was an impressive detail.

Lastly, I'd say I don't regret a single penny of this purchase and whole-heartedly recommend this machine to anyone-especially those who are beginners like me!"
"This is my second embroidery machine. My first one made the experience very stressful and took the fun out of embroidering anything.

I am a very experienced seamstress, but I wanted to be able to do some jobs requiring embroidered embellishments. I was a bit gun shy after my first experience and really just took a chance because of the Brother reputation. I was not disappointed with my decision. I already had the threads, backing materials, designs and blank shirts and towels so all I needed was the machine. Within a few minutes, I was stitching out beautiful designs. The other great thing about this machine is that it takes designs in the PES format. My other machine did as well, so I had hundreds of designs from which to choose. You should know, however, that you'll also need PED Basic or some other conversion hardware to transfer these designs to your machine. You load up a special memory card and take that to your machine. I wish it could sew out larger patterns, for you can only do up to 4x4 inch designs unless you re-hoop. However, I rarely need to do larger designs anyway. I use this primarily for baby clothes and dog jackets.

Every design that I have tried  have been perfect. You do need to know a little about stabilizers, so do your research. This has nothing to do with any embroidery machine, but it does have to do with which ones are correct for different fabrics.

Additionally, it's also a regular sewing machine! Since I already have 2 others, I will likely just use this for embroidery, but it works just fine for normal sewing. Who could ask for more?

I highly recommend this to anyone who just wants to have fun. If you are thinking in terms of a business, mass producing designs, this probably won't really be the correct machine. It's designed for home use.

I give it a 5 star based on ease of use, weight, versatility and just plain fun."
"This is an absolutely AMAZING machine!!! I've waited several years to buy one and I'm extremely happy with the purchase.

I did originally worry that it might be difficult to use, primarily because of all the incredible features it has.  I had never used a computerized sewing machine and worried that I might not be able to figure it out, or remember how to do any given task I might have.  I worried needlessly.

This machine is very user friendly and quite intuitive.  When you turn it off, it resets to the originally settings, which is great, or you can actually save settings for future use if you want. Everything you could want to do is literally only a few taps of your finger away.  The menus are easy to navigate and are not confusing at all. It is as close to ""point and click"" as you can possibly get.

The sewing machine comes with a hard copy users manual that is comprehensive, easy to read and easy to understand.

When I get more into the embroidery side, I'm sure it will be just as easy to use as the standard sewing features.  The ability to connect to my computer and create my own embroidery patterns (with a separate software purchase which I will invest in very soon) is something I'm greatly looking forward to.  I will be able to utilize my love of photography with creating embroidery patterns for custom use.

Kudos to Bother for providing us with such an awesome tool of the trade!"
"This embroidery/sewing machine in a great buy. After reading all the wonderful reviews about it, I thought why not? I'm new to machine embroidery and this was the machine for me. Be careful with the thread tension, if it's too tight it will break the needle and if you don't fix it, the needle will break again. It sews like a dream and easily makes embroidery either from your computer (not that hard to set up) or the actual machine. I love it! I'm so much more productive about sewing stuff now. :)"
"This is not the out of the box and ready to use as was stated in the reviews.  The thread tension setting does not work and I am going to have to take it to a brothers to get fixed, which will cost.  It does not sew very well, on the embroidary, well the tension won't let me sew.  I am not very happy with machine."
"I hadn't sewed in 40 years, and my previous machine was a Kenmore.  (Good machine)  This machine comes with good documentation.  It is light weight so I was able to take the machine to the computer to download an embroidery pattern.  This is good because I haven't figured out how to use the slot on the machine that looks as if it could hold a flash card only bigger.  Otherwise, enclosed was everything a person needs to start ""playing"" with the machine - even thread.  I experimented on rags and all white thread with the built in patterns, then found a pattern on line that exactly suited my needs.  It easily downloaded to the machine.  I have so far added two patterns to the built in patterns.

Retrieving a pattern later was a problem for a while until I noticed the ""save"" button was the same as the ""retrieve"" button but with the arrow pointing a different direction.  (This is a problem with using symbols instead of words.  The symbol was a picture of a pocket with an arrow on it.)

One can use the same USB cable to update software on the machine.  There seems to be no way to add memory which I am sure I will need.  Apparently I will need to buy an expensive card with preloaded designs and take my chances that there will be memory left for me.

One problem I had was in the threading.  Behind the needle is an invisible hook that the thread must catch as a step near the end of the threading process.  I had to switch from my prescription glasses to powerful magnifying glasses and have my husband hold a bright flashlight while I knelt on the floor to put the table at eye level the first few times.  That step still, after practice, takes several tries.  Simply making the machine with a larger visible hook would be a huge help."
I researched sewing machines for a couple of months and finally picked one! I got this machine last week. I LOVE it. It's easy to use. I've had no problems. Almost done with a King size quilt I'm making. It's been able to sew over multiple layers of fabric. I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because I haven't yet used the embroidery part. The hoop is only a 4x4. And it only came with a flimsy nylon cover. But the machine itself is great! I highly recommend it
"If you want a machine that does embroidery, sewing, or quilting, this is it!  I've had bigger machines with more features that I never really used but if you want a little work horse, this one has every feature that is really necessary.  It's small and lightweight so it's very portable.  The only downfall is the embroiderable area is limited to 4 X 4.  Of course if it had a larger area, the price would be much higher.  I love the needle threader which is semi automatic, and the ability to trace your design before stitching is very helpful.  I'm hoping Brother comes out with a clamp hoop for this one.  All in all a great value!"
"I have my own home business where I have to embroidery on my items.  I have been strugling  with a singer futura for the last year.  I received my Brother SE400 yesterday and I am in love.  I watched the DVD and carefully threaded, attached a hoop, picked my pattern and it was perfect. Gone are the days of crappy work and broken threads - thank you Brother- wished I had bought this machine a year ago. Just remember never pick it up by its carriage."
"I am very pleased with the Brother SE-400 Embroidery & Sewing machine.  Even though I have experience with machine embroidery on my Singer embroidery machine, I still took the time to watch the included CD that came with the Brother, and even found it had features I didn't know about.  I immediately tried out two pieces, one on a light bridal fabric and the other on a thin fleece (and used the appropriate stabilizers) and they came out great.  I think this machine is a wonderful value for the money.  It has a USB cable so I can add designs to the machine and the only thing I need to add is to purchase a larger hoop so I can do designs a bit larger also.  Take the time to follow along the manual with your first use, and you will also learn tips and techniques from the manual to use your machine more effectively.  If you are a beginner to machine embroidery, this is a great machine to start with, and it has a great regular sewing machine feature too.  And remember, to be successful with machine embroidery, pay attention to matching your stabilizer to your fabrics, use quality thread, and change needle often."
"i have a question if someone can help me? ii just purchased an se400 on amazon and haven't even gotten it yet... i would like to know is there a substitute for the memory card, or do you have to buy the brother card? also, are any spools of thread TOO big, or will all sizes of spools fit? i know it said to use 20 weight or larger, but i can't find any info on the spool size...any help will be appreciated...."
"lovely little machine but slightly capricious!!! it has wonderful designs, simple to do, but you have to be cautious and make sure every little bit of thread is placed properly,,,otherwise, entenglement will occur and is difficult to undo! Wish  more instructions on ""what to do in case of""!
but I love it"
"I tried two of these machines, and they both failed in the same manner.  The material at times would get fed down to the bobbin which would then become a tangled mess.  Both machines also seemed to sew unevenly.  I didn't even get to try the embroidery feature.  Too bad with such a beautiful machine that I really wanted."
"I feel that I made a good purchase in this machine; it does so much for the price! One good thing is that it threads the needle for me, because my old (LOL) eyes just aren't up to the job sometimes.
 Another thing is that it embroiders a whole lot better than I do! But be careful  watching the machine too closely while it does this: the needle broke. After a couple of ruined needles-yes I used the right ones- I had a beautiful butterfly.
 The next thing is that it does quilting and I have always wanted to try that.
It's too bad Amazon lowered the price just after I made my purchase! But I LOVE this machine."
"Recently purchased the Brother SE 400 embroidery/sewing machine and I just love it.  Didn't think I needed software but much to my surpise, I did.  I bought the Brother PE Design Lite and I love that too.  This machine is every thing I wanted it to be and more.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to do small embroidery jobs for fun.  I've done sweatshirts, t-shirts, towels, aprons - you name it, I've tried it and been so pleased."
"I decided on the Brother SE400 after reading all the rave reviews and the price was right. I have a new sewing machine that works fine so I was mainly interested in this machine for the embroidery function. So far I've owned this machine for 2 days and have stitched 6 designs (5 from the internet and 1 preloaded) added some lettering and sewn 1 pair of shorts for my granddaughter.

The good parts:
-The instructional CD is helpful, once you're smart enough to stick it in your computer and not your DVD player.
-It is easy to set-up and get started.
-It works, my friend who just purchased a $1000 machine (not a Brother) has had much difficulty getting her machine to work and has ruined several articles of clothing in learning, where this machine stiched out every design without so much as breaking one thread.
-It is easy to download designs from a computer, but I haven't been successful yet at ""saving"" a design into the machine, which means if I didn't have a laptop I would be sewing in my office to hook to the desktop.
-The adjusting function, to move the location of the design within the frame is helpful and works well
-The resizing function works well, as does the rotating feature, both of which I found very useful.

The bad parts:
-The quick start guide is not helpful, it is only pictures with confusing flow lines, if it was all I had I would not be able to use the machine. It only makes sense AFTER you learn to use the machine. It should be titled Quick ""Reference"" Guide. But it does have the color pictures of the built-in designs.
-Of the 70 built in designs, 26 of them are the Alphabet for using to monogram, of the other 44 I will probably only use about half of them. Be prepared to get on the internet to get useful designs
-I've only tried so far to stitch out one font (but on more than one project) and the results were quite sub-standard, even after increasing the density, hopefully the other fonts will be more functional.
-while I understood how to thread the machine and was able to do so successfully, I found it consistently ""difficult"" to thread in a couple areas - maybe arthritic fingers are to blame?

The wish list:
-as an entry level machine it would have been helpful to have a little more instruction on using stablizer and hooping skills. The information given is basically ""use stablizer - put stuff in hoop"".  It assumes the operator has some knowledge of the zillion stablizers on the market and can automatically figure out where to put the hoop to get the design where it is desired on the garment.  Obviously, this is slightly beyond the scope of machine operation, but these are two skills that you must master to be satisfied with the results - and everyone knows if I can't get the design centered and upright - it's the machine's fault! (she says facetiously)

You should plan for:
Budget another $100 to buy thread, stabilizer and stuff to stitch on.

The bottom line:
The machine is as advertised, it is easy to use. The designs it can stitch out are acceptable and wearable. The internet if full of free and low cost designs that will fit in the 4x4 area of this machine. If you are like me and couldn't justify spending the ""big bucks"" this is the perfect little starter machine to see if you really do want to get started in a new phase of the sewing craft. If you start to regret not being able to stitch more than a 4x4 area without rehooping (that regret comes to play really fast), just get out your checkbook and look at what you paid and it will be easier to move the hoop!"
"I have recently gotten into sewing purses as a means for making a little extra cash.  I have been sewing on my mom's old sewing machine which worked great - but it is older than I am.  I also enjoy making clothes for my little girl.  I thought that an embroidery machine would only help me to sell my purses.  I searched online and immediately found this model.  I debated for close to a month on buying it and read every review that I could, but I was trying to make sure that I wouldn't be wasting my money.
Now I know.  I didn't waste my money one bit.  I have owned it for about a week now and have already sold 6 monogrammed purses and people have paid me to embroidery 2 bibs and a baby blanket. I can see that it will pay for itself.
I watched the tutorials as I set it up and I was embroidering in less than an hour.  I am getting better by the day hooping the material and making it centered on where exactly I want it, but the machine is awesome.  I learn something new every time I use it which makes it even easier to use.  The stitches are amazing also and make garments look so much more intricate and beautiful.  Since I was used to an older machine, I thought for sure that I would only use the foot pedal and not the button start - but it turns out that I haven't even plugged the pedal in yet.
Another thing is that it is extremely easy to download designs from my computer.  There is not a lot of storage space on the machine itself, but as soon as it is plugged in to my laptop, I can access any of my designs.
I don't really have a problem at all with this sewing machine, but I will edit my review if I come across one."
"I am so happy that I settled on this SE400.  I spent weeks reading reviews on several brands of sewing-embroidery machines before I made a final decision.  I considered some of the negative comments about the SE400 but felt that the positive comments outweighed the negative.  Now I can say for certain that I would confidently recommend this machine!  It is easy to set up and run and operates so quietly.  I have tried most of the functions, stiches and a few of the embroidery designs and with a very low learning curve feel that I have mastered this machine.  It has made sewing and quilting fun again!"
"I am very pleased with my new Brother sewing,embroidery machine.  It was so easy to get started sewing with the comprhensive operation manual and the very good instruction CD included in my purchase.  I haven't tried the embroidery yet but the set up, threading and of course sewing have been so easy and of course that makes the sewing experience so much more fun.  I have always had a Singer all the years I have been sewing and I am so pleased with the Brother machine, I don't think I'll ever go back.  LCD screen easy to see and easy to maneuver to any stitch you can imagine.  I am also very please with the machine's capability to download patterns directly from a computer.  I would recommend this machine to anyone."
"i just got my brother SE400 a few weeks ago and i have been sewing everything in sight!!  The machine is incredibly quiet compared to my last machine and runs very smoothly.  i would prefer for the quick reference guide to come with written directions, not just picture ones that I found hard to interpret, but once i figured out the directions, setting up the machine was very easy."
"I bought the SE400 about 2 months ago from Amazon... I knew nothing about embroidery machines before my purches, so I was going by the good reviews & the price.  I haven't been disappointed.  I've done quite a few projects with this machine, and it has done exactly what I had purchased it for.  I've done lots of personalizing things with names- pillowcases, flour sack towels, quilt labels.
Pros:
1.  Price.  This is the lowest priced embroidery machine that I've found, with the features that I wanted.
2.  USB port.  You can easily embroider designs (quite a few of them are free) from the internet.  Easy to connect to your laptop & downlaod a design.
3.  Fonts.  There are 5 nice pre-installed fonts that come with the machine.  They all work well, and are easy to use.
4.  Ease of use.  I had the machine out of the box, and was embroidering on a scrap piece of fabric within an hour after I opened the box.  The touch screen makes it a snap to navigate the menu & find what you want.
5.  Needle threader.  I LOVE this feature.  It works like a snap.  You just thread the machine, and then push down on a little tab on the size, and viola! the needle is threaded.  Easy as pie & has worked every time.
6.  Thread cutter.  This is also a great feature- it just cuts your thread for you when your design is finished.  You can also set it to cut the thread between each letter, if your'e doing fonts.

Cons:
1.  The designs that come pre-installed on the machine are not that great.  But, never fear, the internet is filled with thousands and thousands of designs, and quite a few of them are free.  Most pattern sites offer some free designs, and you can really start quite a collection just getting started with free designs.  Out of the 70 designs pre-installed, maybe 10 of them are pretty good.  The others are a little out-dated & old fashioned.
2.  Internal memory.  You can only save 10 patterns on the memory of the embroidery machine.  So, I just save all my designs on my laptop, and then use the USB cable to connect to the machine.  Only takes a few seconds to download the pattern I want to use & I'm on my way.  I wish they'd let you delete some of the not-so-great pre-installed designs & make room to save ones that you really want.  But, if you have a laptop, or a PC close by, it's not a big deal to just connect to your computer, and get sewing.
3.  hoop size.  You are limited to the 4x4 hoop size.

All in all, this is a great machine for the price.  You can rotate designs, and resize them by a limited amount.  It's easy to get started, and easy to thread.  The touch screen is a nice feature, as is the needle threader (I wish my other sewing machine had this feature!).  If you're looking for an inexpensive machine to get into embroidery with, this is your machine."
"I purchased this machine about 1 year ago and I love it.  I had purchased my first Brother machine from Walmart as a beginning quilter and use that as my traveling machine.  I purchased this machine to be my main machine at home and have not regretted it.  I also got the embroidery accessory also.  I love the features of the machine, the low bobbin thread notification, the ability to alter my embroidery designs on the computer screen on the front of the machine, the thread cutter, the Q - Quilting stitch, etc. and for the price, I believe this machine with its features rivals those of some of the higher priced name brand machines my friends have."
"Until yesterday, I had never embroidered anything in my 40-plus years. Heck, I didn't even know what a bobbin was! I do have an extensive graphics background and business. I have become interested in apparel decoration, and am very aware of the capability the industrial grade embroidery machines available through my suppliers. However I found the SE 400 to be the right price-point wherein I could dip my toe in the water without too much investment. I spent a few hours familiarizing myself with the SE 400 thoroughly before even plugging it in, as I was afraid of screwing something up. During one embroidery, the machine beeped and stopped. The LCD notified me to perform another re-threading, as the thread had broken mid-design. No problem. After I quickly re-threaded, it picked up where it had left off without missing a beat. I can say that this machine rocks. I am already wanting a bigger hoop size!  I started out with two small spools of thread and a small roll of stabilizer to test it out. What fun! The best part is the PC connectivity. Except for trying out one of the built-in fonts, everything I have embroidered thus far has been art I digitized and exported as .dst and .pes file formats which are native to this machine. In fact I would say this is the hardest part.  The software I am using has a larger higher curve than the Brother SE400. I am blown away that I can take almost any design properly formatted and the Brother will sew it for me. Not bad for a first time user.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-SE400-Computerized-Embroidery-and-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003AVMZA4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother SE400 Computerized Embroidery and Sewing Machine</a>"
"Let me start by saying that I have been stalking this machine at my local Walmart for months. I finally bit the bullet and bought it. Only $389 !!  I opened the box and pulled out the machine and its assorted accessories, etc. It is a beautiful machine; so feminine and pretty. I sat down and watched the enclosed DVD and it blew my mind. This machine does everything I need a sewing machine to do. It threads the needle by itself. Right there it is worth $300. I can't thread a needle to save my life (with or without glasses). And the machine is marked numerically so you know how to get the thread from the spool to the needle. The whole bobbin process is a breeze too. I love the LCD screen. With regard to the embroidery function, it basically ""talks"" you through each step as you go. Can't wait to embroider some guest towels. I could go on. Very user friendly. I'm looking forward to many years of fun, sewing projects."
"I had been saving and saving for this machine and finally orderd it last month.  I never had such a machine as this.  I've owned two and one was from Wal-mart and the other from Kmart, so they weren't very sophisticated.  What a difference!  I am simply amazed.  I love this machine and I haven't even started embroidering yet!  I can't wait.  I will be making my wedding dress with this machine and hoping to do some little embroidery on it!  Its just a fabulous addition to my craft room!  The machine itself doesn't even take up much room.  Its actually smaller than the ones I had before.  I love that it threads itself.  That is one cool feature!  No more squinty eyes and extra lines on my crows feet!  It even cuts itself.  I almost feel like I am cheating with this machine and not really sewing since it does so much by itself.  The ease of picking a stitch function...WOW!  No more switching parts like on my Singer.  Just the click or press of a screen and bam, its done.  I can't say enough good things about this machine.  It was definitely worth the wait!!!"
I absolutely adore this sewing machine!  This machine does it all! Initially I had trouble getting the embroidery foot on because the pictures are misleading-  but once I figured it out I was good to go.  Everything is very intuitive and the directions are fairly easy to understand. My previous sewing machine was purchased about 10 years ago and just had very basic functions.  I use this machine at least 4-5 times a week and it's outstanding. You can't beat the price--and the value.  :)
"I was very excited about the embroidering feature on this machine. Don't let the computerized images on the machine fool you--the end product is terrific. If you are waiting for this product to be delivered, I'd advise going to a fabric shop and purchasing some stabilizer which you will need for embroidering. After I followed the directions more closely than with my initial stab (which resulted in hundreds of yards of bunched thread under my fabric), I discovered that this machine is magic! Pick your design, pop in your fabric, push a button and sit back to watch a lovely piece of embroidery emerge. I want to embroider everything in the house, but that would probably be cheesy. Instead I plan on making many gifts for loved ones. A very simple machine with great instructions."
"I was looking for an embrodiery machine that was reasonbly priced and this machine fit the bill.  I had to embroider a digitized design on several pieces of fabric and did not want to pay $12 for each piece and wait 2 weeks, so I decided to take a buy this machine based on the reviews.  I was totally new to the embrodiery world so I wasn't aware of all the tricks and learned the hard way.  After several broken needles and jammed up fabrics, I realized it was the thread I was using and not the machine. I was using all purpose threading, however, I later realized specific embrodiery thread was needed due to the size of the threading.  Once I loaded the right thread type in the upper threading and bobbin all my designs came out perfect. Duh!

The machine is very easy to use for loading thread, the bobbin and computer embrodiery designs. I truly couldn't ask for more.  The LCD screen is also a very nice feature. But with this feature I feel that is a also the only overly cumbersome part of the machine.  I am usually quick about learning software but the menu system is not very intuitive. However, once I read had to use it and played with it for a bit, I am able to get around. Also I had a digitized design that was 6 inches, with my thoought being I could load the design and use the machine to re-size it to be within the 4 inch hoop. However, the machine refuses to download it giving you a message that the design is too large for embrodiery area. I then found a free software to do those re-sizing jobs that start at larger than 6 inches, otherwise, the internal software works fine.

I can't speak to the sewing functionality but will plan on getting into this at a later point.

Overall a great machine at a reasonable price. For me it was and still is a no-brainer, I would buy it again."
"The SE350 was my first desire, but I could not afford to get it at the time. By the time I saved money, the se 400 was out.  I read reviews over and over, and would gaze at the model in one of our Wal-Marts.  The Amazon price was $30 less than the Walmart store, and I bought at a time to get the rebate.  I love this machine!  I read the instructions carefully, and watched the instructional CD before making any attempts.  Then I practiced a couple of designs.  It is so easy!  I made napkins for a gift.  I am looking excitedly forward to embroidering lots of clothing and and linens for gifts (for myself too).  My sewing experience would probably be labeled ""intermediate"", and I think it does help to have experience before using this machine.  For nearly 7 years I have been sewing on a Brother CS-8060 which I will continue to use for sewing, so that the SE400 can embroider while I sew.  Before that I had an old mechanical White. The Brother machines are much easier to operate, seem to make sewing and embellishing fun!

04/07/13 update.  I still love this machine, but now I find myself wanting more.  I would like to have a larger area to embroider.  So, my advice is:  if you can afford a Brother with at least a 5 x 7 embroidery area perhaps by waiting a little bit longer, then do so. That would not have helped me, so I am glad I got the SE 400.  I have made some beautiful gifts with this machine; the latest had repetive designs on the center panel of a princess dress by rehooping.  So, large areas can be done, it just takes a little more work."
"I bought a refurbished machine in October 2010 through amazon.com .It sewed well for two
items. My main interest was the embroidery part. The machine would not accept any kind of
embroidery card, the next day I turned on the machine, it was totally blanc no electricity
nothing. I contacted the Dealer,paid the difference and got a new machine. so far so good.
My sister in law had problems with the embroidery part on her refurbished machine.
My advise is, buy new, not refubished even if there is a new warranty."
"I love, love, love my machine. I received it as an early Christmas present from my mother who wanted me to make her drapes and other household things. I unpacked the machine, viewed a few of the DVD tutorials (which are great although brief) and started sewing and embroidering. I have not tried the computer connectivity yet but will in the near future, if I have problems I will update my review."
"I got my Brother SE400 a month ago and love it. I'm not a very good seamstress, just simple sewing projects.  I've never had an embroidery machine but the directions from the manual are easy to understand and follow.  I only wish there was someone in my area that I could get some hands on lessons with this machine and all that it can do.  It was definitely a good price and good value for a sewing machine and embroidery all in one."
I purchased this for my business & didn't really expect too much from the machine for the price.  It is more than we expected & I would definitely recommend this. It knows when there is a problem and stops & resumes right where you left off.  Thanks Brother for making a great machine for such a low price!
"I wanted a machine to do hems and repairs, maybe a few side seams. I was going to get a cheapie to get the job done.  My husband got me this instead.  The first night I was so intimidated I didn't take it out of the box!  Boy, was I wrong!  When I finally got brave and pulled it out, I popped in the DVD, and was up and going in no time.  Easy to thread-the automatic needle threader is a big help.  I was very excited about the embroidery function, and the process of changing out presser feet etc is pretty easy.  You can't really mess up-everything fits exactly where it should, just look at the manual.  I'm pretty impressed with this machine-I had a tiny bit of experience 20 years ago, and that's it.  I've used it for monogramming and sewing at this point (had it a month) and the only problems I've had were entirely user error, not the machine.  It's easy to use, and getting designs from the computer to the machine is not hard at all (drag and drop).  I found designs for free online, you have to unzip the files, then put them onto the machine via USB.  As a sewing machine, it works well also.  I'm really happy with the ease of switching things out (presser feet, presser foot holder, etc) and also with the ease of threading (not like I remember the old machines).  I ordered this from Amazon with Prime 1-day shipping and got it the next day.  Also, ordered thread, stabilizer and accessories here as well.  Save yourself some time-I did price comparisions online and ended up back at Amazon each time."
"Oh I love my Brother!  He is being so good to me! LOL!  On a serious note i just love the machine. When i decided i wanted a new machine I was quite prepared to get one less expensive since i had no plans of embroidering at that time.  My husband however had other plans and encouraged me to get this one (he is a tech enthusiast) So enthusiastic was he, that he did comparism charts and everything on the advantages of taking this one.  This is my second machine and this is a few levels over the last one which was just a basic machine.  This does it all, I sew with the manual at hand for ease of use, plus there are certain basic how to do's thats right there on the LCD.  I like the idea of not having to use the foot controller especially if the work i am doing does not require extreme precision (since i am not a pro).  just press the button and away it goes. Its really worth the price.  Though Brother is not paying me for advertising, I like the idea of these reviews as you get a sense of what you are purchasing before hand and have actually made decisions to buy or not to buy based on reviews from other people.  Remember i am not a professional, but this one does the job and it does it well!  Not doing to much embroidery yet thus the reason for holding back the last star!"
"I am going from an almost 20 year old Husqvarna Viking with 12 stitches on it.  It was a VERY expensive machine 20 years ago and worked very well for this long (it still works very well, I just wanted something new).  So take my opinion for what it's worth - I'm going from an ancient machine to brand spankin' new technology! lol.

I was looking for something new; something with embroidery just to try out.  This machine had some good reviews and is not expensive so I thought I'd give it a shot.

So far, I am in LOVE!  It is amazing!  It is so easy to use and practically does the sewing for me!  It is much more user friendly than my old Viking.

This machine has renewed my love affair with sewing!  I can't wait to do all the projects I had put off before!

I would definitely recommend this machine for a beginner, intermediate or even advanced sewer.  Let's just hope it lasts as long as my Viking did!"
"I have had many sewing machines throughout my lifetime and this one tops the list as my favorite!  It is so easy to use.  It sews very smoothly and effortlessly.  The electronic controls were a little different than using the foot pedal, but you get used to it after a while.  The option of having a machine that I can use for general sewing, fancy stitching, and embroidery or monograms is great - and at a price I can afford vs. buying just an embroidery machine on it's own.  So, if you are reviewing comments to decide if you should get this machine or not - DO IT - it's the best decision you'll make - and you'll LOVE the machine."
"So far, I absolutely LOVE my sewing machine.  It is so easy to use!  I bought it about 2 months ago, and have done a lot of sewing, but embroidery is still pending.  I will have to update this when I have had an opportunity to embroider.  The menu is easy to use, the documentation is thorough, and the machine is just a beauty!  It sews smoothly, it is very easy to thread. Sometimes the machine's threader takes a delicate touch and a couple of tries to make it work - but I can also just thread the needle myself most of the time, so it feels like quite a luxury to even have a needle threader right there on the machine.  I love that you can simply touch a button and it cuts the thread to the perfect length.  You don't need to constantly fish around for scissors every time you finish a seam & you almost never have the thread slip out of the needle when you start to sew again.  It has plenty of pretty stitches, but I love the idea that I can load new things onto the machine as desired.  It's been my dream for years to own something this nice!  What a step up from my trusty and very bare bones old sewing machine that was not even computerized!  I feel like I own a piece of alien technology compared to that!  The price is at a very good value point for all its capabilities!"
"I recently purchased this machine after nearly a year of trying to decide which sewing machine to purchase.  My first machine was also a Brother but was the very basic model and nearly 10 years old.  The thread jammed all the time in the bobbin and I genuinely hated sewing on it.

Now that I've gotten this new machine, I've already finished 2 dresses, a kids jacket, an applique project, and numerous Christmas presents within a few weeks (and I only sew at night after work).  This machine is super easy to use and does great work.  I love the adjustable speed control that my previous machine did not have.  Also, threading the machine and the bobbin is so easy.  The touch screen LCD is easy to navigate and provides many options.

Although I know most machines come with a button hole stitch, my first machine either didn't have it or I didn't know how to use it.  The buttonhole stitch and foot make buttonholes effortless.  I am now picking patterns with buttons on them because they're easier than zippers.  The embroidery really looks great for the price of the machine.  It's obviously not a commerical machine output, but it meets all my needs wonderfully.

All in all, I would highly recommend this machine to anyone sewing as a hobby."
"My expectations for this machine were fairly low.  I usually use a professional embroiderer, but he was recently displaced by the economy (shocking, I know...) and I had to get something.  Budget prevented me from spending a fortune and I have been extremely pleased by the performance and ease of use.  Making larger names is a bit tricky but once you get the hang of it, it is seamless.  The sewing portion is good and has a lot of options but I am used to a faster machine so it slowed me down a bit.  I may just set up both machines and keep this just for the embroidery function."
As a biggner I loved that machine the only row back is The size of the embroidery is small
"I LOVE my embroidery machine! This is my first ever... so while I don't have anything to compare it to. I can say it is EASY to use & I LOVE being able to download designs off ETSY from my computer!! I do think I will invest in a bigger hoop though... I wasn't sure I would need it, but I will =) It was a great price & got great reviews... I would consider this a bargin! I sell embroidery items on Etsy.... am very happy with this!! Wish I bought it a long time ago!"
I live in Dubai. U.A.E .This machine is not available here. It is amazing .I received it as it was described At www.amazon.com. The price at amazon is alwyas nice .Thanks to Amazon.com
"Purchased this machine to use at a seasonal weekend home. I consider myself an advanced sewer. Solid little performer with ample built in features for my garment making and embroidery hobby. Imagine useful for other sewing interests as unit offers free style motion (feed dogs disengage). The product designers thought of including all the necessary accessories, including a dust cover, for both sewing and embroidery in a tidy little bag. The USB port connectivity opens up the wide world of design embroidery design downloads and manufacturer upgrades. Highly recommend."
"My brand new se-400 sewing machine from Brother could not be used.  I have thirty years of experience with Singer and tried the Brother embroidery machine because of price and features.  Machine sewed straight stitch for 6 inches when needle hit pressurefoot.  Changed needle twice and same thing happened.  Contacted Brother, got someone with poor english who took all my info and said she would transfer me to another division which handled my model.  This person wanted same info and told me shaft was bent. When I researched this model I read mainly positive reviews but one had same problem.  Helpline person said he never heard of this problem. I could take it for service or check with Amazon about RETURN.  Finally good news!!!  Amazon took it back with no hastle.  I printed UPS labels and took it to drop off.  When I returned home the new machine was on my doorstep.  This was less than 12 hours.  Way to go Amazon."
I love this sewing machine!  Very easy to use and makes sewing and embroidery a breeze.  The only time I have issues with this machine is when it is operator error.  We have two homes and I bought one to keep at both homes.  The possibilities are endless with the ability to download embroidery files on the computer and transfer to the machine.  I love that feature!
"I bought the Brother SE400 for my Wife, and she says it's one of the best machines she has ever used. The CD that came with the machine is very helpfull. For the price, you can't go wrong. This SE400 does everything it's supposed to, and more. If your looking for a combo, this is the ONE!!! Linda"
I have an pet apparel business and this is the best machine I have bought by far.  I will only use it for embroidery and time will tell how well it holds up.  But for now it is great!  Easy to understand the instructions too.  Happy Sewing Ya'll
"I haven't sewn with a sewing machine since the 70's when I was a teen and wow have things changed! The automatic needle threader is great since I was worried my old eyes would make sewing difficult.
My machine arrived today, I read the book to understand the machine and re-start my brain with sewing lingo. It didn't take very long and then I started sewing. It is sew easy!
The numbers on the machine go in order to tell you the pattern for either threading the needle, or the bobbin.
There are 3 speeds for the speed of the foot pedal which is great! #1 for finishing, #2 is great for regular sewing,  and 3 works wonders when sewing in a straight line with average type fabric.
I plan on checking out the CD tomorrow, and will try the embroidery function once I get a bit more comfortable sewing again on a machine.
Unless anything goes wrong, my review stays as is... just day 1 but I'm already in love with sewing again. :)"
"I ordered this machine through Amazon at J&R Electronics and the description made me think this would be good as both a sewing and embroidery machine. The only problem I had was the tension mechanism stopped working about 2 days after I got started, also the majority of the parts are plastic.  The company immediately sent me a shipping label and I have returned the machine. After purchasing the software to download designs from the web, I hope this works...we'll see."
"I purchased my SE-400 around the beginning of April and thought I was in heaven!  I had never owned an embroidery machine before and was thrilled to finally have one.  We unpacked it, read the manual (quick start guide) and immediately started embroidering, just to see how it worked.  Immediately, the needle broke.  I replaced the needle, got the manual and read it, just to make sure I had set it up and threaded it correctly, prepared the fabric correctly, etc, etc.  So I went back to the machine to try again, and over the next hour broke every needle that came with the machine. Ran to the local walmart and bought 2 pks of embroidery needles and tried again.  It embroidered one block, then proceeded to break the needles repeatedly!  I called customer service to get help, and was told that there was nothinh they could do, that I'd have to take it to an authorized dealer.  I thought that was crazy!  I bought it a couple hours prior, and now they're telling me I have to take it to have it serviced?  And the only authorized dealer was approximately 55 miles away.  I asked CS if I could just take that machine back to the store and trade it for another?  She said that was fine if that's what I wanted to do.  So I did.

Traded the machine for the same model, brought it home, set it up and guess what?  Broke the needle.  I was soooooo angry. I had just spent $400 on this machine and it wouldn't work.  I ended up leaving it sit for about 3 weeks, because I was so afraid of using it again and breaking the needles.  Finally, I got it out and began using it to make quilt blocks.  For about the first 2 weeks it was absolutely awesome!  Then when I was down to my last 3 blocks, suddenly it wasn't sewing right.  The needle wasn't breaking anymore which was a good thing.  The problem is the tension was messed up.  It would leave the thread loose and ugly on top, and sometimes, the bobbin thread would show up on top.  Again I called Brother CS and was told there's nothing they can do, other than tell me to take it to the service center.

I love the machine, I do, when it sews the way it's suppose to.  But I'm not so sure it lives up to the brother name.  My family has owned other Brother sewing machines and haven't had any problems with them.  If I had to do it all over again, I would NOT purchase this machine.  I'd save my money and get a Janome or Bernina."
"This sewing machine is a dream!!!!I already own a viking and wanted to try embroidery so the price was right to see if I liked the world of embroidery.  It is such an easy machine to use. A good suggestion is to watch a video on it's features and use ,first.  Also, purchase thread and stabilizer at the same time.  I am really pleased with it so far."
"I just started sewing and got a $60 ""starter mach"
great machine for the price
The embroidery kept getting jammed. The sewing machine was OK
"the machine is quiet and super easy to use.  the only complaint I have is it is NOT a well lit working area, the light on my 25 year old machine is much better.  but that is the only thing, I hope that they design a brighter light, almost cant tell it is on.
but that is an easy fix, and so far I have had a great time with it,  I have not embroidered anything yet, although I have tried it -- simple machine to operate and use.  i love it love it love it"
"Bobbi case doesnt too adjust tension ,
It either came damaged or poorly manufactured"
Do not buy this product. The dogfoot Snaps and stays in the lowered position and cannot be repaired! And their authorized repair shops are 160 miles round-trip from me!
Great but if you want larger print.. consider something else.. good for a beginner..
"I absolutely love this machine! I've only used it for embroidering so far, but it does a great job, and is easy to use for a beginnner like me. Color screen feature is great. Instruction manual is very helpful and easy to understand! The threading feature is also very nice and a lot better than the previous model with the cassette threader (couple more steps, but it works every time)!"
"After the 3rd use, the machine is not usable! On 3rd use, a needle broke in the middle of a project, but after a replacement was put in, it immediately broke, as well. A third replaced needle broke immediately, so I inspected. It now seems that something is hitting the needle as it goes down to make a stitch. Machine is now unusable."
Love my machine.  Does everything I need.
