"Love this soft sided yarn drum.  Easy to take with you on the go.  Pockets for your needles and lots of room for yarn and project.  Love the color!  Might order a couple as gifts.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Yarn-Drum-Color-Pink/dp/B003E06AQQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Yarn Drum Color: Pink</a>"
"This item is fantastic for knitting on the go. It is bright,pliable,and well constructed. Perfect for a project with all the tools you will need. Fits four or five skeins of yarn. With the bright colors it is easy to locate, just grab and go."
I bought this for a family member who loves to knit. She loves it. It is easy to carry around from place to place. It's a pretty color also.
"I'm very satisfied with the drum, however it will not hold 8 skeins of yarn.  The most I can get in is 5 and that's pretty tight.  But I probably wouldn't put more than that in at a time anyhow."
I'm not real happy with this product. The sides are flimsy & fall over if its not full of yarn. I'm going to get some plastic canvas & put it inside the drum so it'll stand up better. I do like the top where you can pull the yarn thru. That works great!
AAAAAA+++I had bought a pink one for mother for christmas. She loves it soo much that we ended up purchasing the periwinkle one too for my Aunt for cmas. Perfect for anyone who crochets & knits. It makes tote'n you stuff around so much more comfortable and organized great for travel or just sitting around. DEFINITE RECOMENED!!
"This was a gift for my sister.  She loves it so much, I'm buying one for myself.  She totes it with her everywhere, every day and is really pleased with the needle/hook holder, the amount of space, and the four holes for threading yarn through.  I looked everywhere for a project bag with a hole to thread yarn through and most only had one hole and were near $ 100.  This one has four holes and is far more reasonable."
I love this yarn case.  It's very spacious and keeps your yarn from getting tangled.  The periwinkle color is very nice.  I also like the little zip bag attached to it.  It's great for small items like your row counter and markers.
Grand daughter loves it
Functional but not as sturdy as other brands I've bought.  The material it's made of is very thin.
I like the drum. There are 4 holes 2 each side of the top cover. On each side of 2 I don't understand why theres a slit from one hole to the other. No wonder yarn can get tangled so easy. I just don't get the concept. But I figured out a way to use it anyway.
i love it its perfect for what i need and keeps my yarn in one place and its easy to carry .. ty so much for this
Love this!  Perfect for my knitting projects!
Great for tracking! I love how it keeps my project clean and all my supplies together.
I Love it. Its perfect.
Bought this for my daughter and now the grand-kids are stringing her yarn around the house.
A+
"I recently got back into crocheting and I wanted something to hold my yarn so that it wouldn't just be out in the open.  This is absolutely perfect.  It holds my yarn as well as my needle case.  The only con I have is that it doesn't have a separator, but like some of the others have mentioned....I used some cardboard and it is perfect.  In my opinion, no need to spend an extra ten or fifteen dollars on a divider you can make from the boxes of the many shipment you receive from Amazon (amen, my fellow prime members...lol)  Seriously, I do love it.  I only gave it 4 stars, because it doesn't have the divider and I couldn't give 4.5 stars"
Smaller than what I expected
"Plenty of room , lightweight  great colors."
Love
"Very well made. Can be used for many things.
I bought it for my grandchildrens puppets."
"Very pleased. As advertised, nice size, just what I wanted"
Great product! Fast shipping. Great size. Love the color
I gave this as a gift to a friend who has lots of yarn and knits.  She loves it!
Wife loves it uses it with a popcorn tin
"Came as described! Very nice quality! It held my project, plus 4 jumbo skeins of yarn."
Love this product. Cleaned up my yarn mess and makes it easier to crochet outside without my yarn hitting the concrete patio.
Best case for big projects. You have to put cardboard in it or it will collapse on the yarn and makes it hard to pull out of yarn. But with a little cardboard it holds great. Keeps the animals from messing around with the balls and holds them in place so they don't get knotting up. Makes carrying projects from one room to another or even out of the house so quick and easy. Ended up buying a second one for my mother who was having the same issue with her dog grabbing the ball and running around every time it moved.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and she reports that she loves it!  Enough room for the skeins of yarn for one project.
super cute and true to color
It holds all my crochet/knitting needs...love it!!!
Way bigger then I thought it was going to be! That made me very happy!
"Roomy, durable, not too big, can hold just the right amount of stuff without feeling over loaded."
great
"ArtBins yarn drum is bigger than most others. It holds a lot of yarn. The main reason I bought this was to hold my circle looms for knitting and current project.
It all fits. Only thing I wish it had are pockets inside. Still the size is perfect for my needs."
"First, I will say that I do like this product; however, there are two things to know. First, the color is more red than pink. The picture makes it look like a pretty pink color, it is not. Since it is a functional piece, this is of less concern to me than if it were say a purse that I absolutely wanted to be pink. Second, this bag has no internal structure to hold it upright, it collapses unless it is STUFFED full of yarn. I found a solution to that by using a 12x18"" ultra stiff plastic canvas piece turned on its side so the 12"" side is standing in the height of the bag - a perfect fit. The 18"" side wraps about 75% inside the circumference of the bag, which is enough to give the bag structure to stand open. I got this when it was on sale for about $9, so I am thrilled with it even though I had to make some adjustments to make it work for me. I think even at full price, I would be satisfied."
"Not as bright as pictured, but otherwise exactly the same as photo. Holds a lot of yarn and travels well. Good purchase if you need a little travel bag for road trips to to carry a larger project to the yarn shop."
Purchased as a gift and my Mother in law loves it.
"Bag is big & functional.  Yarn slots at top are smooth, not rough or jagged to fray yarn.  Good heavy plastic zipper. Color is nice.  Plan to order another.  Nice outside pocket is great to put a picture of the project.  Easily handled 3 Caron Big Cakes, but my small afghan throw (72"" x 50"") & one cake alternatively would fit.  Slight smell of plastic - pretty much disapated after an hour.  Note - crochet hooks not in a pouch will fall out of external & only pocket as it is one big pocket, but larger items fit secure.  Velcro could be added to fix situation, if needed.  I did not get the add-on pouch.  Better to invest in another one & get a pencil pouch elsewhere."
"I think the only thing that would improve this bin is if there were some way to close the top slits. I have no suggestions as to how, but I do really wish I could keep tiny hands out of it. I personally appreciate that it's collapsible, although I might change my mind if I start work on a project that doesn't require stuffing 7 giant skeins into a single bag. For now, it's working great.  If only I could keep my son from pulling out the needles."
Very neat how useful this is for many types of crafters.  Very pretty color and useful.  Package arrived on time and in good shape.
Love these item works out real well with all my stuff
"Just as described. I can put yarn,needles, and a loom in it!"
This is a very high quality bag! Love it! The perfect yarn project bag! I highly recommend it!
"Love this bag! I can store the yarn and project in the bag. Also, there are pockets for scissors and extra crochet hooks. The shoulder strap makes it easy to tote my current project wherever I happen to go. Much better than the plastic savk i used before."
Fiance started using it as soon as she opened it. Good quality. I would definitely recommend this product.
This yarn container will hold at least 5 large yarn rolls.  I got this as a gift for a knitting lover. It comes in a variety of colors. The color choices aren't exactly my favorite but they make them easy to see. The straps are really useful for carrying. I like ho wit has extra pouches. I also like that it fits a lot of yarn inside. It is useful for organizational purposes.
This was a gift.
"Gave to my Mom for her skeins of yarn.  A tip from another reviewer was that a 2-gallon bucket (I found one at Home Depot) fit perfectly inside to make it stand upright and rigid.  Bucket not necessary but it works well.  She loved it, and said it worked especially well during a road trip to Florida."
My mom uses this still after years.
Perfect for on the go crocheter
This is actually a bit bigger than I expected. The design is perfect with openings on the top to pull the yarn through without having to unzip the bag. There's a pocket on the front to put crochet needles and other accessories in and since it's mesh you can get to what you're looking for without having to dig around. The bag itself (and the detachable strap) is made of durable material. Big enough for any of my projects but small enough to take anywhere. The periwinkle color is very pretty. I'm very happy with this purchase.
I ordered the wrong bag.  Its great if you don't need dividers.  Very sturdy.
Perfect. Exactly what I needed. Excellent quality.
Love this.  Hold all of my current projects and I can pack the tote away when I need to pick up.
Handy to have !
Love love love my yarn storage bag. Its seems sturdy enough to last the test of time and stylish enough to take jus about anywhere.
this is a lovely bag and it threads the yarn out easily. very durable
nice for organization knitting crafting can work right out of bag
Useful. Good purchase!
"I PURCHASED THIS ITEM FOR SOMEONE OTHER THAN MYSELF.  NOW I AM STUCK WITH IT AND I AM HAPPY ABOUT IT.  HOPEFULLY, I WILL FOLLOW THROUGH WITH LEARNING TO KNIT.  I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS ITEM."
met my expectations
"Very Nice!  The color is more of a deep mageta/red color, but that makes it even more beautiful.  I use it 4 to 5 days a week, and it is VERY sturdy.  It's nice to crochet without the yarn getting dirty or tangled.  Love it!"
Gift for a knitting friend with cats!
The is the best yarn bag!  I have had for quite awhile now and it holds us great!
Great for the knitter that travels. Has been used camping and at the beach and has been wonderful
"Been using this a while now. It's good. I wish the walls were a little firmer, but I think cardboard could do that if I wanted. It will hold a large project, or several small projects easily."
Working great for my wife's yarn . Needed a divider inside so I made one. Works to keep her projects in also.
Gave this to my wife for Christmas and she loves it! It is definately gettting use out of it at all times.
Cute tote and love the holes at the top for the yarn but it falls over constantly unless you fill it up and mine came apart at the bottom after just a few uses with very little yarn in it. Cant be made very well. Very disappointed with it.
this works great for me.
"<3 Perfect for projects! Well made, light weight and roomy"
I gave this to someone as a gift and she has been pleased with this bin to organize her yarn projects.
Love everything about this item. The color is pretty and it will spot wash nicely. It fits a lot of my crocheting items and is very handy for traveling with my crocheting. The item was delivered quicker than expected and was packaged very nicely. Would order this item again.
Larger than expected and holds a lot of yarn
Purchased for my wife and she loves it
Great organizer and now that I have my own yarn winder I can several cakes of yarn for easy access to multiple projects on the go!
Would be 5 stars but theres no way to close the 2 slots on top so if the bag falls sideways theres no way to stop tjings from falling out
Very pleased. Good price. Make it easier to handle you thread while crocheting
I loved it plenty of room for all my knitting needs great size
"Nice second bag when you don't want to take all your knitting with you; especially if you have multiple projects.  This is definitely a ONE project bag.  Wish it had another pocket on the inside for small things like scissors, needles, cable holders, etc.  There is a pocket on the outside, but it is open at the top and if knocked over, you can easily lose those little doo-dads.  However, good for extra yarn, folded pattern, etc."
Flimsier than expected (sort of a weird plastic fabric?) but functional enough. I added a cardboard divider like other reviewers recommended and it works fine. Handy for keeping my cat out of the yarn I'm working on.
Holds a lot. Love all compartments it contains. Nice looking.
"This product reminds me of a backpack type of material. It's sturdy and has decent zipper. It has enough room for your small product and 4 balls of yard, which is bigger then I imagined it would be. The only thing was when I opened it, one of the zippers was off its track. It was an easy fix and not a huge deal."
"My wife loves it. She can take her yarn anywhere. Looks much nicer than a grocery bag and lighter, less bulky than a plastic tote.."
"I needed a go bag that would take Red Heart Super Size skeins of yarn. I can easily fit 4 super size skeins in this, and because it doesn't have walls separating it into sections I can fit one more."
"Super convenient for carrying one large or several small projects.  I put cardboard in to divide the large space when I have smaller projects in it.  The outside pocket and little accessory bag are super convenient, the adjustable handle is great.  This is a great gift for any crocheter/knitter!  I wish I'd had it years ago!"
Only holds 3 Caron 1 lb skeins.
Great for the price
all good
Does what I need it to do.  it is VERY roomy inside
This was a Christmas gift for my sister. She loves it. She brings it everywhere.
"I ordered this product, however the strap was missing.  I think I could easily up rating to perfect if I had the strap as I would then be about to utilize it and move aroun with it."
"I love this product. I have had mine for a few years. It's really great for keeping a project together or traveling. And the slots at the top allow you to use the yarn right in the bag without them rolling around all over the place and getting lint or hair or whatever on them when they roll under the couch :)

The strap can come off completely or attach so that you carry the bag upright or more like a duffle. It's a good option.

I have it in raspberry. I have the one with the pouch, but if you do the math, the pouch is not worth the extra $10. It's basically just a pencil pouch sized thing and I have plenty of those all over the place. It's not long enough to hold knitting needles (except maybe DPNs) or Tunisian crochet hooks (they are the long ones)."
Bought 2 as gifts for my Mom and Sister and they love it!
"This knitting/crochette bag, is very nice,not to mention compact as well. Very happy with purchase"
Finally found a knitting carryall that works for me!
"I am so glad I ordered this!  I have a big bulky, plastic, not portable, yarn caddy I've been using for years here at home.  It's not made to be portable and it doesn't even hold any of my projects, except maybe pot holders!) and I was using a large tote to take my projects with me.  I wanted something that looked and traveled better.  This one holds my yarn and small projects (up to a baby blanket) so there's no need for a second bag... I usually don't take large projects with me anyway.  I love the optional use strap and the mesh pocket on the front of the bag is the perfect size for my double thick zippered crochet case.  There was a slight odor, but it was hardly noticeable and went away quickly.  Well worth the small price!  (And to the reviewer who used cardboard to help it keep it's shape when it's not full... brilliant!)"
Easy to use and love it.
Very happy with my purchase!
It was a gift!
Love my bag.  When there is nothing in it it is completely collapsible.  To make it a little bit more sturdier I made a cardboard base out of an Amazon shipping box  and I took inexpensive plastic needlepoint canvas and put on the interior of the bag so it will stand up
"Love this , it's so big and roomy."
Love this for storing my yarn and projects.
I wasn't going to buy this tote but I am so glad I did. it is perfect for my current project; I am making a 4 color crochet throw and it keeps the yarn separated. I have to change color every 4-6 rows and it doesn't get tangled. it is large enough to hold 4 one pound skeins of yarn. highly recommend buying this tote.
Perfect!
"I have found this bag very useful. I crochet on the train, in the car and at crochet nights with my friends. It's very convenient to just toss my wallet in this bag, along with all my crochet tools, and hit the road. The bag might be perfect (and five stars) if the sides were firmer - when the bag isn't full it doesn't hold it's shape and can be a little awkward to manage."
"love it, nice because it is bigger than I expected.  :)"
"I received this Artbin Yarn Drum and was a bit disappointed that it doesn't ""stand up"". I looked at the reviews and suggestions by others for cardboard inserts or plastic mesh...but I wanted something sturdier!  I found my solution in a Leaktite 2 gallon white bucket...it fits inside perfectly!  I removed the wire handle, but I guess you can leave it on.  It fits my needs perfectly!  So happy with my toteable and stylish crafting tote...that now stands up and doesn't collapse!  PERFECTION!"
Thank you
I love mine so much it's really my purse and yarn bag :)
I love this it holds all my yarn for my temperature blanket project.
"Love the bin; very convenient, nice size"
"I know monitors can skew the color of an object, but I've never had a difference as great as the one for this product. The picture makes the raspberry color look like a bright pink, but it isn't. It's closer to a light maroon in person and that was so disappointing. The bag is nice, the construction is good, and it holds a lot of yarn, but the color... Sigh."
Handy and shoulder strap is a bonus
Love it.
Perfect for multiple skeins of yarn!
"This thing is great! It holds WAY more than it looks like it should, and is super handy for me to keep my yarn away from my dogs and their fur!"
"I really love this bag. It's big enough to hold my stuff, has a nice strap, and will fold up when not in use. I like to crochet while traveling and this is so handy, it keeps everything together and keeps the yarn clean. It was a terrific Christmas gift from my husband:)"
This has become my wife's newest yarn project bag. Whenever we go on long car trips this is one of her must packs. Holds everything she needs.
stores yarn well. Love the extra pouch for use of scissors or other useful items.
I purchased the yarn drum for a gift.
Works great. One of the features I particularly like - openings are wide enough to remove skein if needed.
Love it
"I bought two of these (so far). They are awesome and very useful. I knit and crochet and this is really a must have. So convenient and ewsy to pick up your project and go if you need to. Good storage for supplies (cool little zippered case included) and yarn. Keeps your yarn protected and. Lean while Lou work and also keeps strands of yarn from tangling when using more than one skein at the same time. The tote has a detachable strap and a sewn on handle for carrying. High quality, fair price. Will buy again."
My wife loves this.  It is just what she needed.
Love this and it is so handy for storage and traveling.
Love this product and great service!
"awesome product, works well & is very durable!"
"I bought this bag at my local Joann's store with a 50% off coupon so I got it for a little over $10. I love everything periwinkle and this bag is just perfect for those projects you want to carry around. It is not a small bag, so you can carry 3-4 bigger skeins. I like to wind them all up by hand in a ball so I don't get any surprises (yarn torn and ripped off in the middle of the row-yikes). I took off the pouch because I don't use it for needles. I can fit 2 or 3 pair of circular needles, but this time my son took the pouch and is carrying crayons around in it. I like that I can keep my project inside the bag as well as the needles, but can pull the work through from the middle of the bag. It is perfect for bigger projects as well, such as afghans and sweaters."
Good condition
"It's OK, not great, Even though the dimensions were given(I think) I still expected it to hold more. Not thrilled,but will do."
"Bought this as a present for my mother in law. Thinking to buy another for myself. She uses it everyday while watching tv, its perfect."
Got this as a great and she loves it.
Fun way to store yarn as you work on projects.  Easy to carry and keep yarn clean as you travel with room to hold your project.
I really like to use my bind for my crochet  I take it with me alot when I go out.  It makes it more conferring for me.
It does not stand on its own unless there is yarn in it.
"love it, good quality.
wish it had rigid sides,so it would stand up on it's own. I put a plastic container in it,so now can easily pilfer thru it ll the way to the bottom."
"I love my new yarn bin.  It is great for carrying either one larger project or multiple smaller projects in.  It is also big enough to throw in my wallet, car keys, etc. when I don't want to carry around a purse as well.  I love how the top slits are made.  You can pull your yarn through, but they are slit so that you can pull the whole skein (or ball) of yarn through without having to cut it."
"Thankyou so much love it, it's  exactly what I was looking for."
"Just as described, quick delivery, just what I needed."
Great place to keep my yarn and tools  when working on a project.  Holds quite a bit.
Excellent
Gave as gife
"This was perfect for different yarns, the thing I didn't like is if you don't put your needles in the wool they will fall out when using the shoulder strap, otherwise perfect, love it"
"I really like this bag!!! I would definitely recommend this to any yarn crafter. The only downside,is if you don't fill the drum with yarn,the sides collapse."
Great product
"my daughter loves it so far. i don't think shes gotten a chance to use it but its nice and has lots of space for yarn. the idea to use cardboard really works but i modified it. you take the 2 short flaps from a cardboard box and place them on each side and place a longer piece in the middle to hold them up, you get 2 big sides and the bag stands up well. So i would recommend doing that if you want the bag to stand up. Just to let you know the pouch does not attach to the strap it clips on the bag. the picture makes it look like it does so thats why the 4 starts . the pouch attaching to the strap was a big selling point for me"
What you see is what you get. It's Excellent!
my step-mom loved this as a gift!
lots of room. I use it all the time
Works great love it for my bigger projects! Keeps all my yarn nice and has a lil pouch to keep my hook I'm using stitch markers and any other little things I may need! Also great for travel!
very happy with
"Bought it as a gift,  mother loved it"
It doesn't stand up as well as I thought it would.  I returned the product.
Love the color and the space to place everything.
"This is perfect for storing my yarn!  I love the eyelets for my working yarn to stick out so its harder for my cat to sneak off with my skein, lol.. The pouch included is great for storing my tapestry needles, hooks and markers.  However, I didn't give this product 5 stars only because of the slit between the 2 eyelets.. my crafty cat was able to stick his head in that said slit to grab my skein and run off with it, so I still have to store this bin up on a high shelf. :)"
I bought this for my sister for her birthday! She loves it because she can now travels with her project!
I got this for my mother-in-law for Christmas and she just loved it. I ended up getting my sister-in-law one for her birthday because she was so jealous and wanted one too. She uses it for crocheting and it has worked perfectly for her. She does not mind if the sides slouch a little if it is not very full.
This is okay. I got it as a gift. I really wish it was a little bigger but then I would probably complain it was too big. I really like the concept of it and my fellow crochet friend get a little jealous like I'm really cool and their not. I like this for small project and it helps to keep my kids and cats out of my yarn but overall it's just okay. I guess it's just a matter of taste.
This is a very useful bag for crochet! Wish it would have come with spacers on the inside. I used cardboard to make four sections. Gave five stars because it is very useful
Love it love it!
Great product. Strong and well made.
Love this product!  I usually work on multiple projects and this is a great way to keep the yarn separated.  Great for traveling too!
"Nice and roomy to carry all my crochet products, I just love it!"
Love it!  and it keeps the cats out of my project!  Very convenient.
"Thanks, but it's not as good as I thought it would be."
"This is really my fault, but the drum is a lot bigger than I imagined, so it's really only good for larger projects like blankets knit in one piece or maybe a sweater. I think what I really need is to make myself a small drawstring project bag."
love this for yarn and needles
Bought as gift for friend. Has room for extra items. She loves it.
My mom loves it. It was her birthday present.
"This is great! My grandmother absolutely loved it and uses it every day. Completely serves its purpose, and she loves the needle pouch."
I bought this for one of my bosses for her birthday because she knits all the time she absolutely loves it. I am so happy I found this it was a hit.
Bought for my daughter in law. She seemed to like it.
This is so handy. Perfect for all ages and skill levels. Love to take it with me in the car.
LOVE IT
Warning from California state 'might kill you'.. think from vynal on bottom.. more for travel.. hope use one day gift
I wish it were slightly smaller for easier travel but it is a great way to take your knitting on the road.
A little on the flimsy side but my daughter loved it and uses it. She is a college student and loves having her yarn with her so this makes it convenient to take places.
holds my project with room to spare
Love
"Awesome for keeping my crocheting project clean and together! Holds 3 skeins of large blanket yarn and the black storage case attached to the handle is perfect for my scissors, hooks and clips. Might have to get one for my daughter for her birthday. Great for traveling!"
was very disappointed tangled yarn and very aggravating ended up returning
Great storage capacity for work in progress.  Easy to carry along as is lightweight and has shoulder carry strap for added ease of carry.  Definitely recommend
This is the second I bought.
"Bought this as a gift, she raves about it still."
Holds a lot of yarn!!
"LOVE this color, its great quality as wekk."
super b
Bigger then I imagined but a great bag!
"WOW! Much bigger than expected. I could fit eight small skeins of yarn in here or four large skeins. I love the slots in the top of the bag, makes it easy to pick up and go if needed. The extra bag that clips to the side is great for extra needles, tapestry needles and other small necessities. The strap goes on in two positions so you can carry it however is most comfortable to you. You could store your work inside the bag too as long as it isn't too large. It is a bit flimsy, as there aren't any supports to hold up the sides. This is great when you aren't using it, it folds flat and doesn't need much room to be stored. You can fix this issue with some cardboard or other stiff material on the inside to hold it up. You could even use the material to make sections on the inside, if you are using more than one color this will keep them separated. Really enjoy this bag!"
It was a gift for my mom. She loves it.
Nice yarn project holder. I like that you can take the skeins of yarn out while you are working on something if you want.
"This handy yarn drum has traveled many states and has held many projects.  Don't let the thin material fool you because it is a tough yarn drum.  The little pouch on the side holds about 10 crochet hooks and a small pair of scissors, the mesh pouch on the outside is the perfect size for a kindle paperwhite. The Yarn Bin holds 4 skeins of yarn and if you fold your project it fits nicely on the top of the bin, or use the bin  with three skeins and unzip and store project inside bin. This bin is cat proof as well!  It will keep your projects free of cat hair and kitten claws.  Thats always a plus for those with cats!"
"Perfect tote to hold my yarn to keep my cats from making a mess of it.  Holds 3 large skeins easily, so I would assume I could get at least 4-5 regular sizes skeins in."
Exactly what I needed to organize my yarn project in progress! Love it! It's sturdy material and the extra little bag holds quite a bit!
"I purchased this yarn drum quite some time ago to help organize my yarn when I was working on a project and to make it easier to take my knitting with me when I travelled. I have been very pleased with my purchase. The accessory pouch stores my scissors, stitch holders, and yarn needles. The drum is large enough to hold multiple skeins of yard for big projects. And I really like it's modern appearance. I use the mesh pocket on front to hold whatever pattern I'm currently working on. The price was reasonable, and it's been a quality product so far."
"I love this thing.  It goes everywhere with me, and I have used it so much every day.  It seems pretty tough.  I thought I would rather have dividers inside of it, but it has worked out to be completely open inside.  It fits my works in progress inside because it is roomy inside."
"Wife loves this to keep her yarn under control. She doesn't even need to roll the yarn into balls anymore. I used to help her with that all the time and let me tell you, it's not fun. Saves time, looks nice, works perfectly. Nice product."
It is great as I take it to all appointments so if I have to wait I have something to do
"I bought the yarn drum after picking up crocheting.  It has one large open interior compartment that can accomodate 4 large skeins of yarn easily or 6-8 smaller ones.  It has an outer mesh compartment for easy viewing of accessories that you use frequently, and a small pouch for accessories you can store away .  This drum keeps your yarn organized and free from tangles, and it's also pretty fashionable in style.  The only downside is the overwhelming synthetic/chemical smell. I left it ouside with the interior compartment wide open for a few days for the smell to air out, and it worked!"
Nice bag. Bought it for my wife and has gotten a lot of use out of it. We have a dog and a small child and this keeps the yard out of their reach while she is crocheting.
I love this tote I take it everywhere
my yarn gets all tangled up inside of this
As described.
LOVE IT
I use this to cart my yarn and projects around when I travel. Holds everything and then some! Absolutely love it.
I would definitely recommend this because I am happy with this purchase.
It would be perfect if the sides were more reinforced.  It kind of slouches down when placed on the floor.  It works best when hung on something low nearby.  Great when using two strands to keep your yarn from tangling.
Good bag but could be made of a sturdier material and have pencil pockets for jndividual hooks.
"The perfect color for me. My only complaint is that it doesn't stand up straight unless it's full which I think is so it can easily fold flat which is definitely a bonus. The pouch is a great feature as well, yet not big enough to hold my knitting needles not even circular, only crochet."
"I liked it so much, I bought 1 for myself too."
Use it everywhere for everything!
Purchased 2 of these for my daughters.  They are a good size for keeping current projects and the materials required together.  Cute style.
"This ArtBin is so stylish and very comfortable to use! No more worries about pet hair or anything else clinging to my yarn because it's so easy to work a project while the yarn is in the bin. This product is just what I needed and replaces the plastic grocery store bags that I've been using to store my yarn. It also fits three of my most commonly used skeins of yarn, Lion Brands Pound Of Love:)  I recommend this product and will be purchasing another so I can keep one upstairs and downstairs. Great gift idea as well!"
"I love this fits plent of yarn and my needles. I do wish it had a sturdier place for my 11"" needles but I just shoved it through the yarn and it seems to work nicely!"
"Bigger than I thought it would be! Holds a ton of yarn and plenty of hooks. Perfect for keeping projects handy, or throwing in the car to take on a road trip. I have several and plan to order more! Perfect gift for anyone who hooks!"
This was a great gift. My grandma loved it.
This was a perfect gift for my mother who has many skeens of yarn for one project!
"This bin is nice but if it's not packed full, it collapses along the sides. Can be remedied with some plastic canvas or cardboard, but would be bet if it came with a plastic support."
"I received this as a Christmas gift. I enjoy using this very much. If I'm using smaller skeins of yarn, or some of my leftovers, I often used my smaller, hard-plastic yarn ""caddy"". But this one, for me, is wonderful if you're knitting or crocheting with a larger (say, 1 pound) skein of yarn, or if you're using multiple skeins at once. For my taste and use, it's an ideal design. If/when it wears out, I'll get another one."
This can fit a lot of yarn and crochet needles. I like using this it keeps the yarns separated with the holes on top. I would recommend this.
Efficient and compact design.  My daughter loves it.
Great for crocheting with more than one color
"The color is nice and bright and my sister in law loved it! She crochets a lot, so this is perfect for holding her yarn and keeping it clean and organized."
Love toting this around. A place for everything!
"This bag is really roomy and is made out of sturdy fabric. The little pouch  attached to it is wonderful to hold extra hooks and scissors.  I transferred two projects and the extra yarn for both into it and it holds it nicely! One project is being worked right from the skein as it is store bought , the other I have rolled into 3 huge balls and working my second project from the balls.  I am not having any problem with them tangling. I have one yarn coming out of one set of holes on one side and second project's yarn coming out of the opposite side , both are on the top with the handle in between. Outside mesh pocket holds my needle if I lay my project down for a while. Nice shoulder strap if needed, I can't wait to take this along  with me on my next trip! The pink is not a bright pink but I really like it. Very nice bag for your yarn and supplies!! I keep it by my chair and it keeps everything all nice and tidy."
Love the travelabilty of these yarn bins. Everything is contained in the one bin for ease of taking your project with you. Rather it is a quick trip to the doctor or vacation. Hold several skeins of yarn and I was even able to place my current work in progress inside to travel with it easily.
My mom is very satisfied with this crochet bag. Very functional and spacious! The perfect gift!
I like the convenience of taking my work with me and it stays clean and organized.
"Pretty, functions great. Easy to carry, the perfect size. Mine didn't come with the pocket on the strap but I love that idea so I clipped something on I had.  I bought the warehouse deal so the price was exceptional."
"Great storage for yarn! I can fit several full, large skeins in it.  It is light weight and easy to travel with.  I also love the little attachment for storing my crochet hoots, darning needles, and scissors.  I also bought another one for my mom for her birthday and she loves it too!"
"I love my Yarn Drum It is a real convenient and easy travel accessory I am grateful to take wherever I go.
 Mary."
I bought this as a gift  the girl I bought it for loves it  its very attractive  good quality
Just received today. They color is good and love it can be carried several ways. It also came with a small  zippered pouch for hooks and misc.  I wish the sides were thicker for more stability  but overall I will enjoy this product.
Hi I would like to get the shoulder strap that goes with it. That's why I only give 2 stars. I really need the strap so my hands won't hurt. Thanks
Not crazy about it
I purchased this as a gift. They loved it because it is lightweight and keeps the yarn dusk-free but still accessible.
"I love this tote!  Especially since another reviewer gave a hint about putting cardboard dividers inside.  If it wasn't for that hint I probably would have returned it because without the cardboard it doesn't hold its shape.  Mine came with the pouch for crochet hooks, there was another one that was more expensive but it came without the pouch.  I'm not sure what the logic was on that one."
I love this! I can take it anywhere.
"I love this bag!  It is sturdy and holds just enough yarn for multiple small projects.  The material of the bag is a plastic lined canvas.  It can fold down nicely and then provide nice structure and protection when the bag is in use.  The bottom of the bag has a stronger plastic material which increase the life and protection the bag offers.  There are two openings on top that provide four spots for yarn to pull through.  Those spots are reinforced with a thick silicone material.  The strap on the bag is removable and ample in size.  There is a handle on top of the bag that can be used in lieu of the strap.

 I love the pouch that is attached.  I've noticed they've started selling ones without the pouch, but I don't think I would like the bag as much without the pouch.  I can store 10 plus ergo hooks (padded handles) and a small pair of scissors.  It could also fit other small items.  Anything that would fit in a pencil case!  I keep my needles and buttons in a small tin inside the bag.

I really love the raspberry color.  It is the perfect shade of grown up pink.  It is not too pink, yet not red, not too dark, not too light, not too bright.  I also have another one in the periwinkle color.  Another perfect fun color that is mature enough but not boring.

I've purchased these as gifts and everyone has loved them.  I take mine on road trips and vacations.  The bag travels well and keeps all my yarn supplies organized and accessible."
Purchased this as a Christmas gift.  The recipient LOVED it!!!  I might need to buy one for myself!
"This is a wonderful product. I use it for going to long doctors for my daughter, keeps everything in place."
No more grocery bags for me!  This art drum has been perfecting for toting around my yarn and WIPs. It holds a lot of skeins and has room to fit my project to on top of them.  I love the bag for hooks.  It has openings in the top to pull yarn through which is great.  I also love the slits so if needed you can pull the skein out without unzipping the bag.  This has been a great purchase.  I take it everywhere.
"I was surprised by the amount of yarn I could place into the ""drum"".  I have 4 extra large skeins in the drum and was able to place my crochet hooks into the attached bag.  I read a few reviews about an odor, which happens with the material used to create the ""drum"".  I wanted storage capability and the ease to have the yarn stay out of the way of my cats who just love to play with the yarn.  It's a good value and I found it fits my needs wonderfully."
"love all three purchased pink, raspberry and raspberry was purchased from a different company to get the colors I wanted wish they would make them in green too."
"I have received the ArtBin Yarn Drum today and it says on the package: ""Warning: This Product contains chemicals known to The State of California To Cause Cancer, or Birth defects or Other Reproductive harm."" I am returning it!"
"I used to loom knit a lot. Then I taught myself to crochet. I have so much yarn!

I also have cats. If I didn't make sure to put my yarn basket away I would have a frustrating mess to clean up in the morning. I've woken up a couple mornings to find some of my yarn run all through the house. lol

The Yarn Drum is the answer to my cat/yarn problem and to problems I didn't even know I had yet!

It's so convenient! It holds all of my working balls of yarn and allows me to continue using them while storing them in the Yarn Drum.

It has a pocket and a pouch perfect for holding extra crochet needles and a small pair of scissors.

I've even taken it on road trips to see our families for the holidays. I left it sitting in the floorboard of the back seat and worked on my project while sitting in the front passenger seat. The yarn dispenses easily! The drum and strap allow it to be carried around easily as well.

If you crochet you need this product!!!"
"This was a gift, my aunt loves it, uses it every day. Holing up well 3 months later."
"I love it . It is so handy for carrying your yarn to Dr. office or ANY place that you know there will be a WAIT. People have ask me where did I get it all the time. Like others I put in a divider, hand it will hold the project. I do Loom Knitting and I turn the points down and it will hold most of my Looms when traveling."
"Daughter and wife love it, fits several yarns and all they use for their classes"
My mom loves this for her knitting projects!! So happy I purchased this!
"Very handy for traveling with enough yarn for a few small projects. I was carrying my yarn and my knitting needles or crochet hooks in a zip top tote but had to unzip and rearrange everything when I was switching colors but, with this yarn drum, it is very handy easy because the openings in the top allow me to pull the different yarn colors through the top and keep working without having to move any of my skeins around. I also love the attached pouch because I can keep my scissors and tape measure in there.  I already use a small organizer for my needles and crochet hooks and those fit nicely in the pocket on the front of the drum.  I love that the sides are slightly rigid so it doesn't collapse and that it is water resistant so I don't ruin my project if I spill something on the bag. My only complaint is that there is no divider of any kind in there to keep the skeins separate.  I have carried 4 or 5 skeins when I was working on a project and, as I pull the yarn out, sometimes it would tangle with yarn from one of the other skeins.  To solve this problem, I cut a few strips of cardboard and connected them in a ""T"" pattern to separate the skeins. This works nicely, as you will see in my photo, it gives me 4 divided areas for my yarn. I also LOVE that this easily folds flat for storage so I can put it away if I don't have any projects I am working on at the time...I have only done this once since purchasing...but it could happen again!?!

Overall, this is a very handy project tote.  I like this better than carrying just a plain tote because I can pull several strands through the openings in the top and easily change colors without unzipping and rearranging my yarn."
"I received my 1st one as a gift, liked it so much bought another since I keep multiple projects going/on the go all the time.  Will probably buy another one or two later."
Great size for travel kit or first starting out I got this for my mother size she has been working on small projects but it's great and fits more then expected
"I like this bag, it's versitile with moving the straps so you can carry it the long way or the short way. You can store small projects when traveling."
"Arrived quickly and I like this product!
I am constantly crocheting and love having a project with me at all times. This is a perfect bag for me, my yarn, and hooks!"
This is awesome and very useful. Thank you.
My wife lakes it
Great item. Would buy again!
I wasn't sure about this but I love it the only issue is its fabric if working small projects it flops over and yarn tangles around the handles etc. I ended up using a smsll trash can inside to keep sturdy. Otherwise I love it.
This is a good product.  So far holding up well.  I love that the strap is long enough to go messenger style.  I haven't used the yarn much out of the slots but it's great for toting my products on the go.  It's a fairly good size without being overly cumbersome.
This item was purchased as a gift for my supervisor she LOVED IT!! She carries it everyday.  It is a nice size and you can fit a few skeins of yarn inside depending the project your working on. There are also places to store your needles.
Love the size of this!
The wife loves this
Nice size and very well made. I can hold a lot of yarn in one of these. I don't knit directly from it so I put a few more in there than it says it can hold.
"I was lucky, I found a red one at Goodwill for $3.00 or 4.00. I love this thing! It stores so much yarn, and with a little work it can be quite useful. If you are just using it for storage, it can hold seven full skeins of yarn on the inside and the pocket on the outside is handy for hooks, scissors, etc. I love it! I highly recommend it, especially if you can get it at a lower price."
"Works great, much easier to organize. exactly what I expected."
"Oh my gosh, how I love this thing! I wish I splurged and got it sooner. I bought the purple one for me and the pink one for my sister. I carry mine with me everywhere and never have to worry about stuff falling out. It holds a lot of my crochet junk! I store my most commonly used hooks inside the zippered pouch that clips to the handle, that way I don't have to dig thru the bag to get to them. The front mesh pocket on the outside is where I keep my little ""Crochet Answers"" book. I've had mine since Christmas and the zipper is holding well. The whole thing seems to be very well made and worth the money for sure!"
I am currently working on a baby blanket and it's so convenient to carry this bag around. I never have to look for it or my crochet stuff because it's all together
"I needed a knitting bag that I could put my yarn, needles and projects in. This bag works great for that! It's roomy and I usually have two knitting projects going on at the same time. The only downside of this bag, is that it needs to be stiffer! It falls down if it's not stuffed full and I have to straighten it out in order for my yarn to pull nicely. But I still like this bag and will continue to use it!"
happy with this bag
Nice but needed a circle of cardboard inserted inside for stability as it just collapses without it.
Wish it was a little larger. The extra large skeins don't fit that well. I did section it with cardboard. I will do for what I need.
"Love this thing! Has tons of room inside, great little zipper pouch attached for your small tools and great open slots on top so you can shove stuff in without opening it every time if you need to. And when compared to other similar products, so much cheaper. Great deal!"
Very good quality for the price.  A few pockets and the pouch to hold your notions.  Have not figured out why the one with the pouch costs more than the one without the pouch
This has been such a great travel crochet bag!
Great project bin. Highly useful and attractive
Very handy love it
"K mms knitters you'll love this one, the different colors allow you to keep projects separate or use it to store all of y of ur k it to g goodies
Bought one for my wife then for her friend
A gift knitters will absolutely LOVE"
"I'm making a throw for my daughter. It called for six skeins of RedHeart Yarn. This tote allowed me to carry all six with me. It started getting a little crowded as the project progressed though. Now that I'm on the last skein, that problem has gone away. The little pocket is the perfect place to hold my folded pattern and my gauge. The pouch holds my hook and other small supplies needed to work on this. When not in use, it folds compact and I can store it out of the way.

My only complaint is that as the project gets bigger, it is NOT that easy to stuff back through the work slot. I have to pull out the ball of yarn that's being used, unzip the top, then stuff everything in that way. To work on it again, I have to take the project and yarn out, zip the top, then put the ball of yarn through the top opening."
As expected!
Bought this for my sister-in-law for Christmas and she loved it!
"A handy way to store and transport yarn and projects. Yes the sides are soft and it can collapse when there aren't that many skeins/balls of yarn in it. However, that makes it perfect for space saving storing it when not in use. The pouch holds more than just my crochet needles. It can also hold several of my other notions as well. The periwinkle color is more beautiful in person than on the computer screen. It is more purple-ish than blue-ish in relation to the periwinkle color range. The outside of the fabric has a canvas like feel to it while the inside is a vinyl like surface which is great for keeping your yarn dry and clean no matter what surfaces you put the Yarn Drum down on. I would recommend this item to fellow crafters.

UPDATE: After using this yarn drum for almost a month now. I can honestly say I love this drum! I have used it to take whatever crochet project I'm currently working on with me when I go to pick my oldest son from school. I can fit either 7 Lion Brand Homespun skeins vertically (standing on end) and 1 Lion Brand Homespun skein lying horizontally on top of the other vertical skeins. Or I can fit ""The Big Book of Granny Squares: 365 Crochet Motifs"" by Tracey Lord, ""The Crochet Answer Book: Solutions to Every Problem You'll Ever Face, Answers to Every Question You'll Ever Ask"" by Edie Eckman, a 6"" x 9"" 100 sheet notepad, Smencil in it's tube, a Caron One Pound skein in white, and in a pinch a couple of my toddler son's 9"" tall stuffed animals. I can fit all of that and the yarn drum is still a comfortable weight to carry using the shoulder strap."
I received this for Christmas. It is great to organize my projects for trips and holds 3-4 skeins of yarn comfortably. The only dissapointment was I was hoping it would have been bigger especially for the price.
great mobile companion
I got this as a gift for my sister and she absolutely loves it! She has two little ones and is able to make her hobby mobile which is a great help.
"I can carry most of my yarn for a project in this bag.  I wish there was little compartments to keep multiple skeins separate but the bag still function well as a yarn tote.
I have recommended it as well as given it as gifts to my friends."
Wonderful purchase.  Will buy again!
I love this bag. Im a beginner at all things yarn and this is perfect for all i have to keep everything together
Love the Yarn Drum.  Many things fit in it and the color is wonderful.
The zippers are well made and stitched in. It's a pretty color periwinkle. I'm glad I finally bought one
Very room. Seems sturdy. I've used it daily since I received it and it's no worse for wear.
The number of ohhh and ahhhh when my daughter-in-law opened it said it all! She loves it! It is attractive and sturdy! Perfect size to tote around!
Awesome product and helped when I was doing multiple skein projects. I will say they only hold 4 full skeins though
I've been using the bin on the daily basis carrying my yarn upstairs and downstairs. It is very functional. Plus it's cute (pink).
Fits morr than you would think! Very spacious and durablem
Work really well
It was bigger than I thought but I will enjoy using it.
It was too big for my liking
"Floppy, made the suggested cardboard input. Then much better, not great at all without."
"I really like this bag!  My only suggestions would be for there to be some pockets on the inside and the outside pocket would be much more useful with a zipper.  I like having the clip-on bag, but I do not think it would be needed if the pocket on the side pocket was solid (not mesh) and zippered."
"Nice yarn container.  only would have liked it to stand on it's own.  It needs to be full to look as pictured.  I have inserted some cardboard dividers to keep it from collapsing down.  Otherwise I like this product.  opening on top lid to pull yarn through. Small storage bag on handle great to hold crochet hooks, clips, scissors etc."
"Great item! Big renough for 5 skeins of RHSS yarn and my WIP! Love this bag, no regrets at all! I need to buy three more!"
large and holds all of my yarn
Love it! Love it! Love it!
Fits perfect for my yarn and can take it anywhere.
"I bought this for my knitting mother and she loves it.  It is helpful for keeping curious grandchildren from ""helping"" with her projects, and it holds different skeins of yarn for separate projects. It is made of substantial fabric, and is sturdy but not heavy."
"Works best if you add some cardboard dividers to keep yarns separated, but very handy.  Side pocket and accessory pouch very useful for crocheting."
This item was a gift. The recipient was very happy with the item.
"This is great for keeping my yarn in place and keeping my cat from pouncing on the yarn.  My i Pad mini fits in the side pocket.  The small pouch is nice to hold hooks, scissors, tape measure eat...  It does tend to collapse  Ive seen some with cardboard in side, but I think I'll get a piece of
poster board and cut it down to size to go around the inside"
If you need a perfect bin for your knitting and crochet this is the best out there
Works as designed.
My granddaughter loved this. It's perfect for keeping yarn and supplies in
bought as a Christmas  gift. It was well received.
So convenient.  Keeps yarns for project clean & tangle free.
The nicest gift.  Collapsible.  Given as gift.  Well received.
"Perfect for my needs. Well made, great size and the storage compartments are terrific!  It does need inner support, so I found a small plastic bucket I got at the dollar store and it fits perfectly and holds the drum steady in an upright position, giving plenty of room for several skeins of yarn."
Love my bag
Not what my friend wanted- will return
"I bought two. One for my knitting projects, one for my crochet projects. Great bargain and so handy!"
This was a great Christmas gift for my friend
This container will not stand up on it's own. It does not have rigid sides therefore it just collapes. Not what I expected but ok.
bought for xmas gift my moth loves to knit she was able to keep alot int he bag
"I cannot attest to how well it holds up because I just received it yesterday, but it is the perfect size to hold several of my smaller projects or one larger project. It is lightweight, has a nice strap, and seems pretty well made."
Was as described and shipping was clean and fast.
"I love this. It's my crochet project companion. I use both the yarn drum and the black pouch for my hooks, needles, and small scissors. A must have for any yarn crafter."
"Awesome, works wonderful!  So good I bought 4"
Bought as a gift - the recipient loved it. Thank you!
"I'm new to crochet, just started in NOV, but wow can this drum hold a lot! I have cats and dogs, and this really helps transporting and keeping my projects safe."
Great yarn bag. Plenty of room for big or small skeins. I keep my notions in the small bag that came attached which is very helpful. I would like more pockets on the outside but it's not really a big deal. All in all I really like this yarn bag.
"I have been in a need of a yarn holder for sometime but always hesitated so I decided to go for it and I don't regret it. I LOVE this, it holds 7 full sized Super Saver yarn skeins of yarn plus hooks, and it has a hole that's big enough to weave yarn in the event I am working with multiple colors. I would buy this again and now I wonder why I waited so long."
"Nice, handy carry bag for yarn"
"Love the size on this, wish the sides were reinforced or structured somehow, can be difficult to load yarn into it when it keeps collapsing and if you don't have enough yarn to fill it, it's very floppy, but the color is great and it can fit a ton of yarn. It has definitely made projects where I'm switching yarn colors frequently much easier."
They're awesome! I have them to my mom as a gift. So glad she's using them to keep her projects protect and separate and easy to tote around!
"I had high hopes for this bag. I recently started a project where I am used 4 different yarns together. My yarns still become a tangled mess which is a huge inconvenience and a headache. I had untangled everything only in a few minutes everything was twisted up again, I got frustrated and stopped my project. This is a great storage bag & is nice if you are using 1 or 2 yarns for a project but more than that is just a headache. It also does not stand on it's own, you need to have yarn inside of it which is nice I think for storage purposes. I wish this had 4 slots on top with a divider inside, that would definitely make this bag a great buy."
Keeps the wool organized
"Bought this for my wife to use to carry her crochet projects around in. She likes it so far. It can hold about 3-4 skeins of yarn and all of her tools. Pocket on the outside is good for a folded up printed out pattern or the current hook she's using on the project. The small zipper pouch holds many of the tools you need to complete projects- hooks, scissors, yarn needles. Convenient strap location for carrying. The holes in the top mean she can bring projects on road trips and not have yarn all over the place."
"I love my Yarn Drum.  It is absolutely perfect for transporting my crochet thread and projects with me while I am on the go.  The smaller storage bag allows me to have my crochet hooks, stitch markers, and yarn needles close by.  I like that there are four openings for thread at the top so that I can quickly change colors.  This is a great product and I have wanted one for quite sometime and have found it to be just as useful as I had imagined it would be."
"I bought this for my 9 year old daughter who loves to crochet. I bought it in the hopes that it would help keep her yarn all together, rather than all over the house and it does just that. She loves that the ball of yarn doesn't roll away or fall off the couch. The holes in the top work well for feeding out the yarn. It would be nice if the holes weren't connected by a slit but it doesn't pose any issues with the product. It is nice that when empty this yarn drum will collapse for easy storage. The pouch on the front is a nice place to store your hooks or needles when taking a break and it came with a nice hanging pouch as well that the hooks can be securely carried in during travel."
Got for mother in law she loves it.
"My mother-in-law picked one of these up from our local JoAnn's for me for Christmas! I loved it. Usually she is a bad gift giver but this year she hit that nail on the head. I love my ArtBin. I keep it in my living room as my project bag.  I was surprised how much the pouch could hold. I have probably 15 hooks in there, a pair of knitting needles, a pair of large scissors, and my darning needles. The bin its self holds a decent amount of yarn.. like I said I use it for my project bag.. I love that the zipper around the top opens the bin almost completely so there is only about an 1inch left so it is easy to open and put stuff in and take it out. I use the pocket on the front for scraps along with a note pad so I can write patterns down or reference one if need be. The openings on the top are great. There are 4 holes in total but, they are split from side to side.. which is great so you don't have to try and thread yarn or your project through a little opening. I am very pleased with mine."
Holds lots of yarn and keeps it well organized.  Perfect for taking projects along while traveling!
They are great to take your project on the go.  Take it to the doctor's office; move it from room to room.  It holds a lot.
Awesome!
"Bought this for my wife and she uses it just about everyday, made her life easier by what she has told me. I would recommend it based off her thoughts on it."
Perfect size for the yarn I use for smaller projects.  It holds 6 small scans of yarn
Just right. I love this little bin. I can put my project and about 3 skeins of yarn in it if I'm using it for my project storage.
The wife love it. Exactly what she wanted.
Perfect for my use.
Very nice storage bin for yarn and for someone who loves to yarn.  It was a nice gift and the recipient loved it.
My pup kept snatching my yarn skeens but not any more.  Does exactly what it needs to and holds enough yarn for projects.
Fast service happy with the product... Bought to take on the boat for my projects when we vacation
I love my yarn drum! I can fit the yarn I need for a project in it and take it anywhere I go
just what she wanted
I purchased this as a gift and they like it.
For my 10 year old granddaughter and she loves it
It works well and is as advertised. I haven't had any problems with mine yet (and I expect I won't for a long time).
"I love my yarn drum.  It holds about four skeins of super saver yarn.  I like that the little case can contain my crochet hooks and overall I have really enjoyed it.  The only reason that it is not getting a five star review is because I have a lot of trouble getting it to stay in an upright position.  Because it was squished down in it's original package, it does not want to stay upright now.  I wish that it would stand up on its own but it just doesn't.  As long as it is full of yarn this isn't a problem, though."
Good size and perfect for projects.
"Awesome little yarn drum! I do wish the sides of the container were a little more stiff; it can collapse on itself if there's not enough yarn inside to help hold its shape. But this is a minor issue for me, I really love this. It's small enough to bring in the car, or on an airplane (which is why I purchased it, for a long trip coming up). Lots of storage space inside, a roomy supply pouch, and a mesh net pocket on the outside, which can hold a small booklet/pamphlet of patterns, or a folded pattern page. So happy, and the color is very nice too. Good quality!"
This is GREAT! Got is as a gift for my sister. Filled it with yarn and gave her a crocheting book and needles. Such a great deal!
Very useful helps in doing projects.
my girlfriend loved this gift I got her
Great product!
For my dad's wife
Great product for anyone who wants to keep their projects knot free and clean!  The extra zipper bag for crochet hooks is a added bonus!  Room enoughtbfor 2-3 skeins.  Great for traveling.
"I bought one of these as a gift for my sister, and ended up getting one for myself as well. I really like that it keeps the yarn for the project I'm working on together, and prevents any from rolling all over the floor. It also helps keep the yarn away from the kitten as I'm knitting. The quality is great as well, the material is durable and although I haven't had to clean it yet, it seems like it would be a breeze to clean. I plan to keep this with me on the days I'm on campus and have breaks between classes, it will be very easy to take on the go and get some knitting done."
Great place to store all my current project items.
"This was a gift for my wife. She rates it as five stars because quote "" I can take it anywhere! I love it! And the yarn doesn't get tangled."""
"What a great price for this little travel yarn bag.  I wish it came in some other neutral colors but I'm always pretty happy with pink no matter what :o)

Like other reviewers have said, the sides are strictly soft rubberized canvas/a collapsible material so if you would like something a little sturdier you might have to modify it or just decide on a different bag.  I like the two slits in the top where you can run your yarn through while you're working on a project.  The strap is adjustable so you can carry it many ways."
The sturdiness of this bag is a lot lower than I expected. I haven't seen my mother-in-law ever use it. Bought it for her as a birthday gift.
I love this for when I'm working on a project with multiple yarn colors. Great for transport!
"Wife is in yarn heaven with her yarn drum . I am done seeing her totes of projects now so win , win ."
Got this as a Christmas present for my mom and she said she was about to buy herself the same thing. She already bought her own mother the same thing in a different color and her mom loves it. She opened it and wrote us right away a big thank you.
Nice bag for whoever crochet ' s in ur life
I like it but... I wish it came with some cardboard to hold the sides up so it wouldn't wrinkle and mess up my yarn inside. I do love that it's roomy.
"Wife uses this everyday.  Only complaint I see is that it's a bit flimsy, as in, it doesn't really stand up on it's own."
Got these as a gift.  Had them on the bed for 2 nights and the stitch busted out of the corner in the fitted bottom sheet. Not a happy customer. The material is nice and soft however. I guess I will have to try to sew the hole. ugh.
It got only 4 stars because it needs something to stiffen the base and sides so that it doesn't collapse.  Otherwise this is a great buy.  Consider making something in plastic or card to stiffen and divide this product.
This is great!  I use it constantly....even have taken it on travel....very convenient!
"My mom loves this it fit whatever project she is working on. Also my mom has 6 cats and this prevents ""happy yarn playtime"" with the kitties."
Bought as a gift for my mother and it's proven to be very helpful for her. :)
"Great little item for knitters! I am a beginner so I do not travel all the time with my knitting supplies, but when I do, this drum carries everythign i need. And for the price - you cant beat that :)"
"This holds 6 skeins of yarn and half of an afghan, so it works for me to carry my latest 'project'.  Only complaint is that it does NOT stand up on its own and looks wrinkly.  The outside pocket is great for storing a pattern, and the pouch inside holds my hook and needles.  The carry strap is plenty long enough to put over my shoulder."
"I love this, keep my yarn straight  very handy"
I bought this for my mom for Christmas and she really likes it. She used to carry her knitting supplies and yarn in a bag which was not very organized. She changed to this right away and loves that it has a slot to feed the yarn through! I would recommend this for anyone who loves to knit!
"Update 1/13/16 - Still loving this drum for my yarn and notion stash and the periwinkle is lovely. To help make it stand up just a bit better I added these http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B003FBSZBM?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=ox_sc_act_title_2&smid=AFE6KTOZFDN44, taped together, end to end. They are just a bit taller than the bottom (they could be trimmed easily) of the drum and provide great stability for those who are having difficulties with it collapsing. Very lightweight, inexpensive, and sturdy fix. Still zips closed perfectly. Package comes with two and they fit almost perfectly end to end. I used regular packing tape, but use what you have. I wasn't having collapse issues, just wanted firmer sides.

I got this for a very good price elsewhere without the pouch. Not an issue for me since I have many available pouches already and the price was very nice. If not for that I would have purchased it on Amazon, my favorite place to shop. I like everything about the ArtBin Yarn Drum except for the wrinkles created by the way it is packaged. Since it is placed collapsed in a small plastic bag, there are large, visible wrinkles all over it. If not for the wrinkles I'd give it 5-stars. If I figure out a way to get them out I will increase my stars and explain how I did it. As it stands (NPI), it is nice looking, very functional, good-sized yarn storage bin that is more lavender than blue. Mine is not ""floppy"", and stands up for me when empty (I opened it up and left it sitting over night and it did not collapse back down). I have it stuffed with plastic bags at the moment trying to remove the wrinkles. Except for that I am quite happy with it. I plan to put some sort of dividers in it so that I can use part for working yarn and part for yarn and misc. storage.

If anyone has a proven method they used to get the wrinkles out I'd love to hear about it!"
"Love it, just what I needed"
Perfect for bringing my crochet projects along with me. I have 3 yarn drums. Great for keeping my projects separate and organized.
"I have several ArtBin containers for art supplies (paint, prisma pencils ect.) but this is by far my favorite completely useful and practical. Very well constructed my hope is that it lasts as long as my others have (15yrs and still going)"
This is the best product I've ever bought for crocheting! It is SO HELPFUL! The side pouch is great for all of your knitting needles/crochet hooks. The pockets are great for anything you want to put in them. The entire thing is a great design. The actual pouch itself is really big. I have 4 full sized balls of yarn in it right now and there is still room for more. The top is wonderful because it really helps your yarn from tangling. Plus there are two holes so you can have multiple projects at once if you'd like. I love this bag and recommend it to everyone I know that needs a yarn bag!
Love it! It fits more yarn than I tought! Exactly how it was descirbed. Highly recomend for big projects on the go.
Nice bin for traveling with your work.
"What a great quality!!! Shipped fast, solid straps and construction. Loved it so much ordered a second!"
Adorable and spacious! Great gift for someone who knits.
This is exactly what I needed for my yarn projects. Love the color! You can pull the yarn from the top and the waterproof bottom is great.
"keep all my projects  neat,"
"Very nice, sturdy bag. I'm happy with my purchase."
Very handy when traveling.
Great and serves its purpose. Well made and large enough .
This was a gift for my mom and I think it is nice and will serve her purpose.  Received it quickly and happy with the purchase.
"I ordered 2 of these.  They are alright for what they are.  There are no supports to keep it upright, so if it is not stuffed full of yarn, the sides tend to fall in.  It holds 6 or 7 skeins of Redheart Super Saver, so it is easy to transport yarn from place to place, or to keep next to the couch.  The outside pocket is very convenient for keeping my current crochet hook in and the extra pouch keeps the rest of my hooks all in one place."
Love this bag. Not super huge but good enough for a project on the go.
"I bought this to give to my sister, who taught me to knit. The reverse side is blank, so I was able to use fabric paint to paint a ""Keep Calm and Knit On"" saying on it. It's such a useful size (my current knitting tote is huge), I think I'll buy myself one."
Great for holding my knitting material. Love the design.
love it
Gift for my Sis. She loves!!
"I received one of these for Christmas and it's a great storage option.  The little black supply pouch that clips on is great for scissors, loom picks, crochet hooks, and even cloth tape measures.  Even though I don't like how it sags when there's not enough yarn in it to prop it up, it is very roomy and can hold 3 10oz skeins just as easily as 7-8 regular skeins.  It has a comfy handle on the top, a nice removable strap that can be put 1 of 2 ways, a mesh pocket on the side, and 4 holes for working yarn to come out the top."
"I actually didn't buy this bag on Amazon (shhhh) but in the craft store. However, I am getting ready to buy another and will probably buy it from Amazon because of the price is better.  The bag works wonderful for not only storing yarn, but also your project and supplies.  It is big enough to put large projects and yarn/supplies in all at the same time.  It comes with a great clip case for hooks for my crochet.  I love that it has 2 handles, a easy tote handle at top and the long handle for slinging over your shoulder or across your back (which I use a lot).  The bottom is plastic so you can it it on surfaces and not worry about dampness/etc.

The only reason I am getting another one is because I often work on several projects at once and find that I have to move yarn/projects from this bag to other bags, because this is my ""crochet on the go"" bag - this  bag makes it very easy to carry your stuff with you.

I highly recommend this bag"
"Great bag!  I gave this as a gift this Christmas and the color is beautiful, even more attractive in person.  I love all of the compartments to keep everything organized and the option of the strap to carry it on your shoulder or the handle to carry by hand."
Great for storing yarn and crocheting straight out of the bag.  Keeps the balls of yarn from rolling all over and hides the movement from the cat!!
"I got this as a gift for my wife.  She has been crocheting a while and has been using a backpack with a colander to transport her work and keep the cat out of the yarn.

This replaces both object.  It has places for all her tools and holds plenty of yarn.  We travel about 2 hours to visit family on a regular basis and this makes the ride much better for her.

Definitely recommended."
I gave this as a Christmas gift to a friend that knits - she loved it so much - took it to work the next day and had at least 3 other people ask for the exact details on where they could buy one. It was a hit!
"As described, fast shipping!  Great price!"
Love works great!
Purchased this as a gift for my mother and she loved it. She likes to travel with her yarn and this keeps everything organized.
Great size! I was able to fit 4 skeins and a small cowl I'm working on in it. Love the color too and it seems pretty sturdy. The only downside is that it has a lot of wrinkles and I'm not exactly sure how to fix that.
Works as described by seller - perfect!
Love this bag. Perfect for keeping my yarn and hooks in one place
So cute and holds  ALOT of yarn! Great buy!
Absolutely gorgeous. Holds quite a bit. Durable & Handy. Only thing is its just a big empty bag with no inner compartments or separators which is certainly fine with me. I love this bag so much that I ordered 4 more as gifts!
"Love this Yarn drum!! Holds about 4 to 5 balls of yarn.  There is a feed hole through the top that feeds the yarn through as your working.  The pouch to hold your needles is attachable or you can take it off.  There is a mesh pocket on the outside for smaller things such as stitch markers or it would hold yarn labels.  There is also a handle on the top for carrying.  I absolutely love it.  If you crochet or knitt this is it, don't hesitate to buy one.  Would make a lovely gift."
Bought this on sale with additional coupon. Been wanting one for a while.  Works great for travel just wish they would of had inserts to divide skeins instead of making my own
love it
Can put a lot of yarn or thread inside for crocheting projects. I use cardboard paper towel roll to keep holder from collapsing.
I love these bins! I will reorder more and I use them for my crochet projects. Thank you Amazon and ArtBin Products :)
I'm crocheting an afghan and it holds 3 pounds of yarn and all of my accessories.
"I didn't realize how large this is and that is my fault. It is a really nice caddy and for the price i really can't complain, be aware this is very large but constructed very well. The color is an exact match to the photo shown. I would get it again, I would really like to see a smaller one that holds only one skein, this one holds 4 or more easily."
"This thing is AWESOME! I usually have my yarn rolling all around and my projects in bags as I'm working on them. I've had about 6 skeins in the drum at once while working a project with no issues. The handy little ""tool"" bag that comes with it is invaluable. I don't have to look around for my scissors, hook, crochet needle, etc cause it's all in the accessory bag. There's a rubberized handle on top for carrying as well as a shoulder strap that can be adjusted  and worn 2 ways. I'd been milling over whether or not to buy one when I first saw it in Joann's for $19.99, but when I saw it on sale on Amazon for $7...SOLD! And boy am I glad I bought it!"
This will save my year from a very busy 2 year old!
Holds all of my yarn for Hubby's afghan that is in the works.  Keeps it off the floor and clean while I work.
I have wanted one of these for a very long time.  I buy yarn for projects when I have the money and store them for when I have the time.  This is perfect!
"I bought this as a WIP (work in progress) bag, and it works perfectly for this. The smaller zippered bag is a good size for my crochet hooks, although my largest size hooks would not fit, so I keep them inside with the yarn. It is light-weight, convenient for travel or home-use, and I love the color! Great product!"
Solid bag. Will make traveling with projects easy.
"I use this every day. It's bigger than I thought it was, but that's not a problem. I love that it not only has openings on the top for yarn, but it also has slits so you can put the yarn in or out at will. Good pocket on the side and the shoulder strap is very helpful."
"if you got a cat you need this bag, this thing is awesome...BUT dumb colors!!!! Amazon only offers this dump periwinkle and pink? What happend to good old fashion BLACK! Really a dumb color, but oh well i have dyed mine black"
Works properly.
"I'm not sure how I functioned without this bag!!!  I love it!  I wish that I had bought it sooner.  I am and avid crocheter and love the fact that I can take my project with me and crochet on my lunch break or waiting at the doctors office.  Everything fits neatly with plenty of room for multiple skeins, patterns, hooks and anything else you may need.  Def a must have."
"Nice quality, can collapsed for storage which is nice. Has openings on the top which I think are for pulling the yarn through so you don't have to hold the yarn in your lap. Thinking of getting myself one as well. Great for travel. My stepmom is on bed rest and goes back and forth to the hospital. This will make it easier to take her yarn and hooks."
Holds all my crochet hooks and more than 6 different colors of yarn. Easy to carry and is light weight!
I really like this item. I use it to keep all of my knitting projects and supplies together. I only have one negative comment. It would be nice if there was an internal clip to attach the little notions bag. I don't know why the manufacturer thinks you want that flopping around on the outside.
I bought this for my 12 year old daughter for her birthday. She loves it. Its a great bag to keep all of her yarn and crocheting needles organized when she is working on a project.
Just what I needed
"Nice product & well made. As long as your project fits into the drum with all accessories, this drum is perfect."
"Much to my surprise, I hit this one out of the park. i  bought it for my wife, a new knitter, and she just went crazy over it. It is very well made and works great for keep her yarn in order while she knits. She also loves the little pouch for her small scissors and patterns and things like that. She says it would be perfect for traveling also."
It's perfect! I am using all the time!!
Great convenient bag for storing my crocheting supplies. I travel with daily. Being able to crochet through bag is great too. The bag is designed well for use!  I own two.
"Great quality, color & price! Would love to see more of their products & so proud to have purchased this from a well deserving military family business!"
Works as expected holds my yard and my projects I would buy it again.
Really nice bin but missing the shoulder strap
Love it
Love it! Perfect for carrying projects or keeping them safe from cats who love yard! Great quality! And it can fold flat when not in use!
Perfect for all my knitting supplies & projects. Well made.
My youngest daughter knits and I was tired of seeing her carrying her yarn in a plastic bag.
"Nice, but one of the grommets was broken when it arrived."
Much larger than it looked
Product as described. It was a gift and the person who received it was very pleased.
love it
"My mom uses this everyday she is so happy,, its perfect"
Just got this baby tonight and loaded it up with a ton of yarn. It carries a good amount and I love that it has guide holes so the yarn is easier to unravel. It also looks like it will travel great! Now I can knit while my puppy plays at the dog park and I don't have to worry about my cat attacking the yarn while I knit!
"Doesn't hold its shape well, collapses while trying to use."
Not as big as as I thought
"Gave as a gift  and bought one for myself.  Actually fit enough yarn for afghan (15 skeins of Simply Soft) in the drum for gift.  Keeps yarn clean while you work, really like this thing!"
"Never again will I hunt to find a bag to take my projects with me! Fabulous item, great price and if I needed more than one; I'd buy it again!"
Perfect for the young knitter!
Does not protect projects inside completely. That's my big disappointment. The top opening allow for spills etc. to get in.
"I absolutely love this container for carrying my yarn and crocheted projects.  I've had mine for about a year and a half.  It keeps everything clean, zips shut so yarn doesn't fall out, holds yarn, supplies and projects (up to about the size of a baby blanket).  I've bought more as gifts because I want to share this great product!!  I'm going to buy another one at this EXCELLENT price!"
"It's great! It fits all my knitting stuff(I'm a beginner) and the holes in the top are good for feeding yarn through. It'll be perfect for trips where I want to bring some(but not all!) of my yarn with me. Can comfortably fit maybe more than six skeins, although I'd like to keep balls and skeins in it. The clip on pocket is great for holding stuff like needles too!"
awesome
"Great bad...in theory. It is super flimsy so it squishes down a lot. Also, when you are working on a project, the yarn is safe inside, however, there is no way to get the project in the bag without opening the bag and leaving a small amount of yarn outside. This is fine, except I have 4 cats and was hoping everything could be secured from them. Also, the biggest issue is the color is way off. I purchased ""Raspberry"" which looks very pink in the picture, but received a bag much darker in color that looks more red than pink. Overall it is not terrible and serves its purpose, but it could have been better. The price is good, but it is not the best."
"I am so glad I bought this bag! Firstly, it holds so much! I tend to re-wrap my skeins into balls once I buy them, and this bag has, thus far, fit nine softball-sized balls of yarn, with plenty of room left in it for a project-in-progress.  But there are two other things I really love about it:

 1) the top of it has multiple silicone-reinforced slits to run your working yarn
through, quiche is especially great for multi-colored knitting on the go.
2) the side zipper-pouch is removable! It isn't connected to the handles, as it might at first appear. This, not only can you store tons of crochet hooks and sock-length knitting needles in it, but you can detach it and use it with other bags because it has a clip attached to it.

The color is more lavender than periwinkle, but I love it.  It's very well made, sturdy, has tons of room, and just plain great--and, at this price, you really can buy them for several people!"
Gave this as a gift for a friend who loves to crochet...and she loved it :)
Always need some place to keep all your stuff.
ArtBin Yarn Drum was very nicely made.  The canvas is nice and durable.  The little storage pouches are really nice for the crochet hooks.  This was purchased for my young daughters for Christmas (9 & 10yrs) because they want to learn to crochet and knit.  I just purchased a second one in another color tonight so they can have their own.  This review will be edited once they receive at Christmas.
Great way to store yarn. It holds several balls of yarn. You can crochet or knit without taking yarn out if you are out somewhere. Has a handy pouch on the side to hold needles and hooks.
I love how much yarn this holds and keeps everything nice and organized! The color is great and I love the little bag that's attached. It keeps all my hooks and needles in one place. I have two and would not hesitate to buy a third.
"I find this handy.  The front pocket really doesn't get much use.  Except for a folded up pattern.  The zipper pocket that clicks to the strap is too small for needles.  So, useless.  But, I do find this is handy for riding in the car.  I knit on my way to work while hubby is driving our 45 minute commute.  I like the zipper top.  So when I carry it out to the car while raining or snowing, my work doesn't get wet.  It hold a lot of yarn in the bottom.  I'm working a blanket with 3 different colored balls of yarn and when the blanket is folded right, I can fit all in the bag just fine.  I did try the holes in the top, but find that it is easier to just keep the whole top open while I work."
As Described and perfect for transporting my yarn and WIPs with me in all weather conditions.
After reading previous reviews I was a little bit apprehensive about ordering the Artbin Yarn Drum. I really wanted something like this to keep my yarn and needles organized when traveling. The order arrived quickly and as the reviews stated had a unpleasant odor. I placed a little bit of fabric softener on a cloth and let it sit inside overnight. Happy to say the odor is gone and I am enjoying this product. My yarn does not tangle and pulls easily through the slots on top. Thinking I may order a few more as I always have more than one work in progress.
larger than i expected...very nice though.
"I love this Yarn Drum. I have stuffed it full and had projects at hand with I needed them. I love the size, Fits 4-6 full size Skeins of Yarn"
"I love this! I am buying more,in all the different colors I found it comes in! great buy,very pleased!"
very handy
"Great handy bag, light weight and carries more than I expected.  Love it keeps all the yarn in one place and untangled......would recommend."
"I bought the ArtBin Yarn Drum as a gift but the person it was intended for already had one similar to this. So I will use it myself, just haven't done so yet. It appears to be well made and definitely a useful item for anyone who crochets / knits. I'll give a follow up review after I've really put it to use. It may be just what I need to get me motivated into crocheting something and help me survive ""cabin fever"" through the long, cold winter."
I recieved the product on time and was as pictured. I love this and carry it ev erywhere...perfect!
Wish it came with a rigid insert to help hold the sides up. It is nice the little bag is perfect to hold hooks and scissors but the bag kind flops around.
Perfect!
This is great for yarn heads.  Wish it came in an even bigger size too.
Bought this for a project bag for my daughters boyfriend that was using plastic grocery bags for his projects when he comes over. He loves it! Its more red than a dark pink that shows on my screen which is perfect since his favorite color is red. It holds lots of yarn for his hats and small pouch bag projects and holds even more yarn since we turned all of his skeins into cakes with my large yarn winder. He doesn't leave home without his drum.
Perfect for taking my projects with me.  May even buy another
Nice yarn bag made well i use it daily.
It was a gift. The person I gave it to seemed to like it.
Perfect for the on the go knitters
This is definitely worth the money.  Yes the sides are not strong and it is not as big as I expected but it does fit quite a bit of yarn.  What's nice is the carrying case on the side for all your hooks and the front pocket for scissors and such.  You really won't be disappointed!
I really like this and it is very handy. Kinda thin but it will get put to the test. I hope it holds up. I only gave it three stars because I want to see how it holds up before giving it my full review .
Love it
I like my yarn holder very much.
"When I carry this, I feel like I'm letting the world know I like creating stuff. Perhaps even a conversation starter?  Sturdy, well made, and holding up well.  Big enough to hold at least a throw WIP."
I liked mine so much that I ordered this one for a friend.
thank you
I loved it! The only thing I'd change is to somehow close in the openings a bit tighter so the entire skein doesn't pull through.
"A gift for my knitter wife, she really likes this. Its well made and stands up to transport. Good value for the price!"
I just wish the sides were not soft so it would sand up. My husband cut some cardboard and fixed it up for me
I love this item.  It is easy to use and take with me.
Love love it...
The yarn gets stuck because the bag is folded. It doesn't stay in shape
Organize your yarn in this attractive manageable tote!  No more messes!
Love it. Keeps everything organized and very portable.
"Excellent case for yarn: roomy, easy to carry with strap, well-designed for crochet or knitting, very pretty color.  Excellent for traveling with a project,"
Big enough to carry a couple of different skeins of yarn for a project with storage for supplies.
"Although I haven't used this yet, it looks exactly like the picture and I am sure that I will be able to use it for all my knitting projects.  It is very well made and it has separate places to put knitting needles and patterns.  It also has two handles, one that goes over the shoulder for long distance travel.  I am very happy with this purchase!"
"When I first unpacked this I thought I was going to love it.  Sadly that's not the case at all.  The color is a beautiful deep raspberry.  That's the best feature.  It appears to be made well enough to withstand use but the negatives far outweigh the positives.

It smells horrible.  The bag reeks of chemicals.  I made the mistake of putting a ball of&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Lion-Brand-Yarn-620-152-Wool-Ease-Yarn-Oxford-Grey/dp/B003D7JO2M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Lion Brand Yarn 620-152 Wool-Ease Yarn, Oxford Grey</a>&nbsp;into the bag right away.  The yarn has a small amount of wool content and after about 30 minutes I took the yarn out of the bag and the yarn reeked of the same chemical smell that's inside the bag.  I was using the yarn to crochet a beanie for a friend and now I'm not too sure about giving it away.  I'll have to see if the scent comes out of the yarn.

The drum/tote will not stand up.  I filled it about 1/2 full with yarn and the top just falls onto the yarn or over to the side.  I've ordered some&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ArtBin-Jumbo-Yarn-Sleeves-3-Per-Package/dp/B003WMG2MI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ArtBin Jumbo Yarn Sleeves, 3 Per Package</a>&nbsp;hoping that once I put the yarn it them it will help the bag stand up.  If that doesn't work, I'll keep trying to find something that will help it stand upright until I find a better option.

The slits in the lid gape open.  If your yarn gets tangled, as it often does when pulling from the middle of the skein, the entire skein will pull through the slit.  Dust and dirt can get inside the bag as well.

The included pouch is a nice touch but if you leave it attached to the outside of the tote the weight of the crochet hooks will pull the tote over.

All in all, you get what you pay for.  I purchased it while it was marked down and now I see why it was so cheap.  If you absolutely need something to carry your yarn/project in this bag will do but it's not great.  With improvements, it could be a great bag.  As it is now, don't pay full price it's not worth it."
"Beautiful, functional, indespensible.  Easily holds 6 skeins of yarn and keeps them clean and neat"
"This is incredible to carry along your knitting and crocheting projects. I get rave comments wherever I go. Everyone wants to know where to get one, either for themselves or as a gift for someone who knits or crochets."
"Everyone that sees me carry a yarn project along with me to appointments, etc comments on how nice it is and wants to know where to get one, either for themselves, or for a friend or family member who knits or crochets. I wish I'd had something this handy when I knitted many years ago!"
"My sister-in-law is a crocheted. I bought this for her birthday and got nothing but great comments from her on it. She was headed camping right after receiving it, and said she had it packed full and packed to go.  Now she takes her yarn work with her with everything in one convenient place. May have to get myself one."
love that i can fit all my projects in it.love it
this is really cool. it has openings on both sides of the top  for a total of 4 balls at once. Great for multi rolls of yarn.  has a place for all my yarn tools needles etc.. its nice and easy to carry to. I love it~
I really wanted to like this but unfortunately it hasn't lived up to expectations. The bag itself is of good quality and looks like it will last but the rubber grommets that the yarn flows through cause too much drag and stretch the yarn as you pull on it.  There is a small attached case that would work for crochet hooks but not knitting needles.
I absolutely love this yarn tote!  I'm currently making a blanket with 6 colors and this bag fits each skein with room to spare. I love being able to switch back and forth from color to color using the access holes in top.  Before getting this tote my skeins would be piled all around me and my toddler would drive me crazy grabbing them. Now all I have to do is put the bag out of her reach. Like other reviews I too added cardboard to the inside to add stability or the bag would collapse. I knew ahead of time I'd need to do this and as a crafty person it's was actually fun to do it myself. This bag is definitely a must buy!!
I sent the Raspberry  one to my friend and her roommate got jealous so I bought her this periwinkle one
sent the raspberry to a friend as a gift to friend and she likes it so much her friend wanted one too ... so I bought her another a periwinkle so she can give it to her friend
"Perfect for holding yarn skeins, at least three of the Lion Brand Fisherman's Wool (8 oz) as well as corralling other notions away from the grabby hands of my 9-month-old baby boy."
Love this bag.mits so convenient to store a few skeins of yarn you're working on. I have dogs & my yarn was always getting dog hair all over it. Now it doesn't. It's also a great place for storing hooks & books.
I got this to tug around my current projects to work on while my son is at practice. Plenty of room inside for the project and yarn. Yarn moves smoothly through the top slits. Easy to carry.
Beautiful. Love this yarn drum. It is very handy to have.
Would definitely purchase again.
"Christmas present.  My sister loves it, therefore, so do I."
Purchased for my wife and she loves it
"its holding stuff fine. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because you need to use outside materials to get it to stand up and the case along the strap isn't long enough for knitting needles, it seems more made for crochet hooks. Also it has a warning label that a material in it  is harmful as per the state of California, what the material is is not listed. Otherwise good size, very portable."
"It's not exactly what I wanted however, fault as I should have read the description more closely. That being said, it is a nice carrier and I'm going to give it as a gift to a friend."
Good product at a good price
Great Yarn Drum with lots of compartments.
"The bag sise is better than I was expecting, this is very big and confortable for carring and organize all my crocheting materials"
Great price at the time of purchase -$11. Like it!
Not what I expected looks much nicer in the picture. I plan to return it
"Plenty of storage for all the yarn needed for my current project. Carries easily,  plenty of storage for hooks and scissors as well.  Excellent value for the price."
Needs a longer handle
"I like the size and the slot in the top, as well as the attached pouch.  The soft sides are a bit of a nuisance.  Would prefer if it had a firm liner to keep it upright when standing.  The top design does help keep the yarn from tangling, especially when working with multiple strands."
It works great for my projects. I really like it.
"Unclear why it has a WARNING label on it, and was unable to find out why from importers.  Makes one a little nervous when the product (which is not consumed, nor eaten nor hardly handled could give one cancer)  I pondered returning it, but the shape is fine, and I no longer have any small children or pets around who might be chewing on it. (?)  Like the color, but still puzzled over the cancer warning."
OMG I love my bin!!!  I can shove all sorts of stuff into this thing and cart my yarn and goodies everywhere.  I don't know why I didn't buy one sooner!!!
Love it! My yarn doesn't roll to the floor. I can keep all my yarn for a project in it. :)
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.  I think more people see me with this bag than they do my purse.  Rarely leave home without it.  the amount of yarn and accessories it holds makes life easy for me. I am able to have full size scissors, stich markers, extra needles with me  Take it in restaurants, to ball games and on road trips."
"Love this so much, i bought one for myself, my daughter in law, and a friend. I do wish it would stay upright a bit better (its sides a softer, not quite as rigid) but I love all the space inside and can carry it around with my projects."
Love this. Took suggestion of others and cut a cardboard separator and love it even more now.
I have two of these. They are wonderful. Perfect for traveling! I am able to hold 6 full skeins of yarn in one.
"this is decent quality.  large enough to hold yarn & supplies for a project.  has slits in the top for yarn to pull through so can stay clean & away from curious little paws.  has a separate little bag you can store crochet hooks, cutters, pins, etc plus a side mesh pocket.  knitting needles would need to be put in the main compartment."
I love this! I loom and it drives my husband crazy with all my yarn over the place. This holds my yarn when I'm working on a project and keeps it all neat and tidy. I'll be buying another one!
This is the neatest thing I have ever found for the projects I try to knit or crochet.  I have two  of these and might get another yet.  It holds so much yarn and it is wonderful to take in the car on long trips so I can knit as we travel .  It is perfect for all my craft needs.
"Greatest invention since the knowledge of knitting and crochet! Love it, fast delivery. Thanks"
My wife loves this bag.  She carries it everywhere with her crochet supplies. It has room enough for 4 spools of yarn.
Perfect size for my yarn and needles.  Easy to pull thread through top to crochet with.
Fast service. Great product.
This is a great bag to use. The only way it could be better is if there was a divider inside. But still does the job and holds a good amount of yarn inside.
Very satisfied thanks Nicole Lapointe.
This is amazing for all my projects and allows me to still crochet with my little one running around without having to sit on my yarn so she doesnt grab it! Everyone that crochets or knits needs it! a must have
"I really like it, helps keep my cats out of my supples. The zippers feel kind of cheap though, and I wish the little bag that clips on was sewn to the outside of the main bin instead."
Great to store your yarn in and carry around to crochet or knit on the go.
Works great.
I love it!
works great
Works great
"The yarn drum makes keeping yarn properly stored and organized so easy, especially when working on a project. I recommend this for crafters"
Great bag to carry my projects. But I do agree - it would be nice if it was more sturdy. It always collapses and lays flat. But I will try to put in some kind of form to make it stand up. Much better price here than any where else.
"I love it, it's perfect for my afghan! Thank you!"
Love it! Holds a lot of stuff & is great to travel with. highly recommend.
Great
"It's not that I don't like this yarn drum . It's actually a really good idea. I just don't like the size. I bought this to store skeins of yarn and their respective balls, but when I received this and tried to put yarn in it I was a little disappointed . The drum is about the size of a small - medium trash can (see photo's) and I really wanted to store skeins of yarn in it and their respective balls. In short if you are looking for something to store a lot of yarn, this is not for you. It will fit about 4 skeins at best. Without any balls of yarn with them.

I think of this as more of a travel type thing where you can take some yarn with you on a trip in a safe and lightweight container. Other reviewers made reference to a smell , and it does have one but I don't notice it too much, so I don't consider it overpowering. And the message that the product could cause cancer that another reviewer mentioned was not there when I opened the box and looked at the packaging.

This bag also cannot stand up on it's own so you need to improvise with some cardboard.

All and all this is a nice bag, but the size and floppiness of it are just a hughe drawback to me. It was not what I was looking for . I am new to knitting and this bag was not a 'yarn drum' , it's more of a caddy that allows you to safely take your work with you as you travel. Im giving it 3 stars because it does what it says but I am knocking off two because of the lack of size. If you buy this don't expect anything large that you can store all your knitting gear in. Expect something more along the lines of a carry on bag at an airport."
excelente
"Arrived sooner then scheduled and the price was so much cheaper than ebay or in the stores.  This is the second one I have ordered and absolutely love the way they are made.  Plenty of room for at least 4-5 skeins of yarn, needles, books, patterns, scissors and hooks.  Don't hesitate, and a bonus is the great colors they come in.  I have the raspberry and purple.  I would definitely buy another one if one of these wears out, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.  These are quality made and very sturdy, I just throw it in the car and take it with me where ever I go and all my project is in one location.  Fast, easy and very organized."
The head boss at where I work started to encourage knitting or crocheting at meetings.  Partly to bring a commonality with everybody & also to help with workplace stress.  It has been very successful in doing so! I bought one of these for each of my co-workers for Christmas gifts.  Everyone loved it!
"Love this silly yarn holder, it holds exactly the number of skeins it said (can't remember how many) but you can actually lay the crocheted item you are working on top of yarn in tote.  Is very convenient in carrying yarns for almost any project, and it is cute too."
"When I saw this my first thought was what is the point of this?  Well since I recently picked up the habit of crocheting, I found myself wanting something to take my yarn in when I go places.  Honestly, taking those grocery sacks gets old after a while, so I placed my order.  It didn't take long to get here.  Now I can't imagine not having one.  The drum is large enough to hold a total of three skeins of Bernat Big Ball Blanket yarn.  If you get the big ball you know it's a good 10 ounces of yarn.  The two rubberized slots at the top allow for easy usage and the pouch let's you keep all your hooks or knitting needles (if that is your thing) in one spot.  It's reminiscent of a pencil case but it is a room case for hooks, darning needles etc.  It comes with a hook attachment sewn on so if you choose to you can put it on one of the loops used to hold on the strap (which also has hook attachments).  When I got mine, the strap and case were inside of the bag.  I had read there were some complaints about not seeing a strap.  The material is sturdy and it has protected bottom.  The bag is not waterproof however so if you get caught in a storm at the bus stop or something your yarn may well be dyed whatever color your bag is.  Much of that dye job can be prevented with some waterproofing spray, just be careful and follow the instructions if you choose to do that."
TONS OF ROOM FOR YARN STORAGE
TONS OF ROOM FOR YARN STORAGE.
Wonderful way to pack my projects. I love it! It holds 6-8 skeins rolled or as purchased. Little pouch for tools.
This is great and fits a LOT of supplies. It is quite large and works well.
"this is my second one I love it, worth the money"
Worth my money
"very big, like it very much, and the price was great too, thanks"
"If you are in need of a yarn storage look no further. Very quick turn around with Prime and It holds up to & rolls. Comes with needle storage and a shoulder strap. Very happy with this from seller. I was tired of using reusable bags (HAHA) would order again in a heart beat from seller. Great quality and BRIGHT pink fuchsia color,"
Great buy...Great to use on the go to keep yarn clean and keeps it from tangling
"Very handy container.  Holds yarn, needles, patterns and whatever you need.  Nice size and great color.  Really like it."
This is a very pretty tote. Will hold several large skeins of yarn and a med size project. I have about half an afghan with the yarn stashed in mine now. Great to carry to class!
It is really big for mobile use
This is nice but it was disappointing to see that it had to hang to keep it's shape and could not be used standing on it's own. But I live the way you can bring yarn through in four different places and I like the holder on the outside for crochet hooks.
It holds plenty of yarn.  I needed it because I have cats who liked to lay on my yarn or the blanket in progress. I keep the yarn and what I'm working on inside it with no problem!
I thought this would be a small yarn container to take with me for smaller projects. It is very big and I sent it back. It would easily hold 8 skeins of big yarn. Way too big to carry with me all the time. Only good to set next to a chair to make a big sweater or afghan.
perfect for large projects
"In order to make it stand up and be usable I placed a plastic bucket inside of it.

It needs some improvement in order to be usable."
"This is very well made, so handy , the reason I give four stars is because the color is not bright fushia as it appears in the photo, but more a burgandy , otherwise I really like it !"
"How have I lived as a knitter without this for so long? This is a MUST HAVE for any knitter or crocheter who likes to take projects out of the house (even just to the back yard). Storage, carrying bag, and yarn bowl all in one! You can even use this to knit while standing or, with practice, walking! The drum does not hold its cylindrical shape when not completely full, but this is a very easy and inexpensive fix- get an inexpensive foam sleeping pad (I found one for $7) and cut a rectangle roughly 32"" by 12"", use duct tape to secure it into a cylinder, and insert into the bag so it holds its shape even when empty. When the bag first arrived, it did have a vinyl smell, but that dissipated within a day or two and has never made my yarn or projects smell."
I LOVE THIS DRUM!!! ... It stays in my car. It holds about 3 rolls of yarn!
"This goes with me everywhere! Perfect for carrying around any project, even blankets."
"Bought this as a gift for a preteen who loves to knit.  This was SO CUTE that I wanted one for myself.  I especially like the slit on the top, which makes it easier to contain the yarn while knitting, and also the little zipper on the strap.  The color also was perfect and as shown."
I love this item...so much I bought two
Quality product with good construction
Love it. It is exactly what I wanted.
Gift
Gift
Love it!! Thank you
Was a great bargain.
"This ended up being much bigger in person that I expected (no, I didn't look at the dimensions before purchasing - yes, I know that I should have).  At first I was unsure about it, but now I really love it!  I use it primarily for carting my project from inside the house, to outside in the yard so I can watch my kids play while I still get to knit.  The front mesh pocket is perfect for holding my iPad mini and my phone (so I can listen to podcasts while I knit & the kids play).  The interior is big enough to keep everything I need for my current project in there - including the nearly finished baby blanket that I have been working on.  I love that the slits at the top are large enough for pulling the ball of yarn out, when needed.  The color is also really great.  It's a little big darker than in the picture - a true raspberry color.  This product is also really well made.  It feels sturdy, like it will last a long time.  My only complaint is that (despite it's sturdiness), it flops over when there isn't much inside it.  I wish there were some wires in the fabric to keep the bag standing upright."
"very cute bag, holds a lot of yarn, a little difficult to get the yarn to thread through the top but could be user error I will keep working on that. I like the pocket in the front holds lots of patterns and other items like my phone and the detachable pouch holds my needles and scissors. take it with me everywhere I know I will have a moment to crochet."
"I bought this as a gift, and my sister loved it."
Very nice sturdy yarn bag.
I have been looking for something like this for years. I love it. It has room for all my yarn and needles.
"I absolutely love this yarn drum.  I started to crochet again last winter, after many years.  This drum holds four to five large skeins of yarn nicely; it holds more smaller skeins.  It is nice to store a working skein in the drum and pull the string through the opening on top.  I look forward to having more time on hand to crochet again."
Amazing value! I bought this for a knitting themed gift basket that was auctioned for charity.  People went crazy over it!  The bag is great quality and looks sharp.  I'm buying another couple for Christmas presents.  And maybe one for myself. There is plenty of room and it is easy to carry over your shoulder.
Yes it's perfect for my travels. Either it's for a long or short trip. It's great...
The bottom of the bag has extra durable material! Love this bag so much I want all the colors!
"Perfect for me. I will have to put either a circle of cardboard or plastic canvas in to keep it from collapsing and also make a divider to keep yarn separated, but otherwise I love it."
Great item for my aspiring seamstress of a granddaughter.  She wanted to learn how to crochet and knit.  This was great for her to tote her stuff in. She loves it and I love it because it was such a hit.
Just what i wanted. Perfect for my crafting needs!!
I love this
larger than i thought but it is great
great price - better than the stores
I just wasn't as pleased with the way it worked as I thought I would
"Nice bag, just not enough room."
My mother in law loves this. I bought it as a gift for Mother's Day and it was a huge hit.
love it
Bigger than I thought it would be.  Love it.  Holds a ton.  Great storage!
I really like this! the only thing i dislike is there is no sectional piece to keep it from collapsing. All in all I am happy.
"I like being able to store my yarn in this, but the little bag that came to store my hooks broke after a week of very little use."
"I really like this item. My only problem is that the sides collapse when you have the yarn inside and work on a project. Luckily, I had a small paper basket that fits perfectly in the yarn drum. Problem solved!"
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!  wish I would have bought one soon!
"Really like theArtBinYarn Drum ,...."
I highly recommend this drum.  Great quality!
"Love this product, will put some inserts made of cardboard in to make the drum rigid when it is partially full."
Exactly what I was looking for! I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.
"Wish it were made of better material, but overall I love the bag. It goes everywhere with me! Great product for the price!"
"I like this one, it let's me carry a lot and keeps it somewhat organized."
I have been looking for a way to store all of my yarn.  I bought 5 of these.  I grouped the yarn per type in each container and I can hang it on the wall in our craft room.  (I had been waiting forever for something to be made...). This cleaned up all stray yarn.  Really helped.  Fits a lot of yarn in there too!  I think you fit more if the yarn is in balls.
Love it holds lots of yarn and round looms
Mom loves it!!!
Mom loves it!!!
Holds a LOT of yarn. I use it for storage.
"It's terrific. It holds large amounts of yarn and keeps it clean and dry.  Projects, yarn, and supplies are easy to transport."
"Bought this as a gift for my daughter for her knitting, she said she loves it."
"I like to take my crocheting with me at times.  This Yarn Drum is the perfect way to do just that.  The detachable pouch is large enough to place hooks, needles AND my keys if needed.  I use the detachable strap to attach it to my rolator walker to keep it with me.  I ended up cutting a piece of corrugated cardboard to the height and diameter of the drum.  Taped it together, adding packing tape to the top edge, creating a sturdy wall so it no longer collapses on it's own.  If you're looking for a portable crafting tote, this is a great choice."
Great product. Use it to store my current yarn project..handy to grab & go.
"I love this. I love this so much, I gave one as a gift and THAT person loves it! There is a little pocket in front and any little odds and ends fit nicely into the clip-on pack.  The only thing I can fault it with is that the very largest round loom won't fit into it laying down, but it does fit on it's side. Really rugged, I have used it daily for months with no sign of wear and tear. A really great little tote."
Excellent
Excellent quality and extremely useful! Saves so much time when knitting with multiple skeins. A must have for anyone looking to store and carry yarn on the go or at home.
"Not as big as I thought it would be.  Its ok.  Great ""on the go"" piece.  Keeps yarn clean!"
Good quality product with ample storage.
Love my new bag.
Love it use it all the time
Love this.......needed something to carry my knitting in when waiting for the kids in the carpool line at school........this is a perfect size and easy to put all you knitting items inside and carry with you.
"Big enough for my yarns,crochet hooks and crochet books for patterns. It is very handy for travelling!"
I LOVE THE PRODUCTS INTENTIONS BUT IT IS VERY FLIMSY AND DOES NOT STAND UP. I  ACTUALLY AND A HEAVY DUTY PLASTIC LINER MADE FOR IT AND NOW IT IS AWSOME. I THINK THEY SHOULD ALSO ADD A LINER TO THE DRUM.
Love this yarn drum.
"All good, nice product!"
"All good, nice product!"
love it. It's big enough for my projects and wallet book etc.
"Love this bag, it holds quite a bit of yarn and keeps everything dust free."
I haven't actually used it but it is well made and I love the color.....I do wish it held the large skeins of yarn
"great idea,  bought two."
The yarn drum is great for working on a project at home. It's to big and hard to handle in a waiting room.
Nice
Nice
perfect for taking your project on the go.
Perfect for holding my current work in progress!  So glad I purchased this!
Love it keeps all my crochet stuff in one place convenient and portable
These are great for the unorganized knitter.  Didn't seem to be able to pick a color.  Even after a year she still uses this daily.  That and she can pick it up and take with her.
This is the best to use
Love this item.
"I love my yarn drum and hook pouch, it holds 4-6 skeins of yarn. The fabric is very sturdy, i am ordering more, 1 for each project, and one foreach of my friends that crochet or knit."
"Please note my last couple of sentences as an update. I love these Yarn Drums, and I especially like when I can get them on Amazon for under $14. I belong to a Prayer Shawl ministry and do a lot of crocheting. I take a drum with me everywhere. I have bought different colors to organize for different projects. I just grab up a drum to quickly take it with me so that I can crochet in the car, while waiting at the doctor's office, waiting at the dentist's office, etc. One seller had the drums on sale for under $12, so I bought enough for each of the ladies in my crochet group. We all carry one now.  The drums have a pouch to carry additional crochet hooks, a pair of large scissors, small scissors, a tape measure, etc. There is also a mesh pocket on the front of the drum to put various items that you need right at hand. I am not happy that the latest version of these do not include the pouch and are much more expensive. Because of that I am taking one star off."
"Excellent price for a yarn bin that works perfectly for the projects I like to knit.  It sits on the floor next to my knitting chair and everything is handy.  HOWEVER, without some support it is just floppy.  It is intended (I guess) to hold four jumbo pull skeins of yarn all the time to give it structure.  I don't use jumbo pull skeins.  So here is what I did.

I took an old laundry detergent five gallon tub (the kind detergent from Sams or Costco comes in) and cut off the top rim and the bottom, and made a slit up one side.  Then I squeezed it into a smaller tube, slipped it into the yarn bin, and it expanded to make a stiff, plastic support.  NOW the bin is perfect.  There are no inside pockets so the plastic doesn't cover anything important.

I read that other people have figured out ways to give the yarn bin structure so it will stand on its own.  If you don't give it structure, and don't knit with those huge skeins, it just flops over.  In fact, it comes flat in a plastic bag."
"Looks more purple in the picture,but that's okay."
"VERY PRACTICAL LIGHT WEIGHT AND KEEPS YARN UNTANGLED, IN PLACE."
"Love this, holds a lot and is very convenient to use. I have a couple of small looms and several skeins of yarn in it."
"Excellent quality, holds more yarn than I expected."
This has really helped with keeping my yarn from tangling.  Love it!
I am very pleased with my new drum.  It is easy to carry holds everything for my new project.
Outstanding
holds everything rgats needed for crocheting
This was a gift. The recipient was thrilled
Light weight and sturdy.
This is great for storing yarn for project your working on.  It's been great not having to try to crochet & keep the yarn I'm working with in one spot & not roll around!  Great investment in my hobby!
I've got 4 skeins of yarn and my afghan project stored in here and none of it is stuffed in there. The pockets are great for my hooks and it's awesome to put at my feet and not let the cats take my yarn and ruin it (I know it's irresistible so I  try my best to take the temptation away). It's also easy to carry and is great in the car.
Holds more than you think possible. Works great.
"This little thing has had constant use since purchase.  It's a brilliant concept although it would be nice if it did come with some sort of removable rigid liner to  keep it standing upright, along with removable cross-section gridding to separate different yarns and/or concurrent projects.  Love it.  Will be ordering one for my sister, too!"
"This is a great bag, very versatile and keeps my knitting clean and organized. That's a pretty big accomplishment for me. I love the pockets and strap, it is perfect for storing my knitting machine and dyeing supplies as well."
"I have had this bag for a while now. I take my crochet almost everywhere with me. This packs up nicely and I can throw the bag over my shoulder. I have taken this to appointments, the park, my kids' schools and I haven't seen any wear or tear. It fits all the yarn that I need for my project as well as my project!"
This works so well while traveling in the car. I am very pleased.
Holds a lot of yarn and accessories and makes it easy to take from place to place
"I suppose it would be great for something to throw your knitting in while traveling, but it is not practical in the home. The drum does not keep its shape unless stuffed full and collapses into a sad mess of canvas material.
Save your money. Would be a horrible gift because of the quality."
I love this bin!  Keeps my cats from playing with my yarn while I am working!  Stores everything I need.
Perfect for my use
"It is very helpful, just way too big and b/c of the size you need to fill it up with extra yarn and I've even put in a small box on top of the yarn to shape the yarn drum. If you don't stuff it and just put in the one skein of yarn it will fall flat and just doesn't work that great. A couple of inches smaller would have been perfect, but for me living w/two cats and a dog this is perfect to keep my yarn safe while crafting."
I love love love my yarn drum.  The slots in the top makes it easy to take the project in and out of the bin and work on it with out having to drag the yarn ball out.  It has made it so easy to travel with my projects and it holds so much.  I highly recommend it.
"Every yarn user should have at least 1 of these, I have 3. Yarnie's get yourself one....more is recommended."
Works great for the price.
This yarn drum is excellent! I love it! It has four holes at the top for the yarn to come through. Excellent price! This is a whole lot cheaper than the one at the craft store! I thought about making dividers to put inside of it!
"I just received this item the first thing I notices was:

California Proposition 65 Warning: Warning: This Product Contains Chemicles Known To The State Of California To Cause Cancer, Or, Birth Defects, Or Reproductive Harm.

Really? Is there a reason this isn't in the product description somewhere so I can make the decision to bring an item that could hurt me or my grandchildren BEFORE I buy it? And I don't know what the chemical is. Maybe it's just the fact that they used petroleum products I the manufacture of the PVC. I don't know. Ok. That aside. There is the strongest chemical, plastic, rubber smell coming off of this thing. I cannot hav it in the house. I have hung it outside to see if that odor will dissipate because there is no way I am putting yarn in that thing and having my knit or crochet fabric come out smelling like that which would never happen because I couldn't have the bag close enough to me to actually transport yarn in it. I will give it until this Friday (5 days), if the odor oisnt gone by then, I will be returning it and updating my review. If it has disappeared, I will update my review as well."
so handy and does the work . No more tangled yarns!!! Spacious as well!!
Excellent
I love this for toting projects with me. It is well made and sturdy.
"I got this for my grandma as a gift and she loves it. She crochets all the time, and she likes to take her crochet in the car with her so she needed a case so she could take it with her easily, and this is great. She loves it and uses it all the time now. All her crochet crafts are always in this and she can travel easily now."
Love it.  Holds more than I expected.
"I like this yarn drum to hold my yarn while I'm knitting or crocheting. It holds 8 skeins of wool ease yarn, it has a mesh pocket in the front that can hold a small book. It has a shoulder strap and a small bag on the side that can hold notions and things. It is floppy when empty and the periwinkle is a lavender color instead of blue. It can hold a small project with the yarn. It has 4 openings that you can pull your yarn. It is easy to get the yarn out if you make a mistake and need to frog your work or if you need to see how much yarn you have left on a skein. While its not something I can use all the time (when I make adult blankets and throws). I'm glad I have it for smaller projects."
This is by far the best drum for yarn. the size is perfect and works well to carry and store. It keeps the yarn separated during project
Cool gadget.  I like the little bag for the needles.  Would have been good if it were longer though for knitting needles but the drum itself is a good size and has two carrying handles and will keep your yarn clean while you work.  It also has the hole for you to pull your yarn through which is nice.
I love it.  Helps keep yarn organized with easy access
Love it. Is going to be so handy. Thank you
My daughter loves this.  Now her yarn is organized!
This is great for bringing my crochet projects with me.
Love the yarn drum. Very easy to use!
this has been a great invested big skiens little doesn't matter and if you were already started a project it doesn't two thumbs up!!
"I initially bought this as a gift for a dear friend for Christmas. It is so convenient! Holds 10 skeins of yarn! I bought knitting needles, scissors and crocheting needles to go with it! It was the perfect gift! I liked it so much and raved about how great it was so much, my daughter bought me one! I highly recommend this product if you are a knitter or crocheter!"
This bag works perfect for on the go crochet projects.  Keeps my yarn tangle free and room for a small instruction book and my crochet hook case.
"This item has such convenience, with a place for everything."
bigger than expected and wish it had a more solid side so it would stand
Great product
"Overall, I like this knitting drum. The pouch on the handle is roomy enough for standard sized scissors and many knitting tools. It does collapse, though. This can be good or bad, depending on what you want. I put cardboard in mine to make it stand up better when its by my side at home, but I like to be able to minimize its size when traveling."
Keeps all yarn in place and away from my puppies...
"My wife is happy, that is what matters :)"
"This bag is just what I needed to hold my crochet equipment.  It holds about 3 large size skeins of yarn.  In a way it would be nice if it were bigger so I could stuff all my yarn and instructions/cheat sheets in it, but that would take away the convenience of stashing it in a small space and carrying it around.  I use it to hold the yarn for my current project.  The side pocket works well for holding accessories.  The top pull through holes are a good feature for skeins of yarn.  It doesn't really work with balls of yarn.  The only thing I would change is the needle pouch.  It's pretty flimsy and flops around with heavy crochet needles in it.  I took it off the clip and just store it in the bag."
"The one that I wanted real bad they didn't have ,but this is close enough to what I wanted. Just the right size for me if I want to take with me anywhere."
My wife is a die hard Knitter/Crocheter and was very please with this gift.
Like the concept but not happy that it won't stand upright unless fully loaded. Easy to take project with me.
"This is a drum-shaped zipped bag with a side pouch for needles, hooks and accessories. It's big enough to hold enough yarn (almost) for a large afghan and certainly for a sweater. The mesh pocket in front can hold your pattern so it doesn't get scrunched up.

Holes on top let you thread your yarn through vinyl-lined eyelets so you can knit out of the drum without having your yarn bounce around across the floor. If you do two-color work, you can thread two balls through, on on each end of the slot, to keep the balls from tangling.

There are carry straps and a handle on top, but mainly, I use this next to my chair as a place to store a project neatly yet have it handy for working on. To make it more sturdy, if it's not fully filled with yarn, cut up some cardboard and use it to stiffen the sides of the drum. That way, it will always stand upright.

It holds about six big skeins of yarn or a dozen small balls of yarn."
"After adding a false, cardboard bottom to store extra yarn and constructing a four way divider to keep yarn seperated as other reviewers did, I love this tote. It passes as a small duffel bag when carried in the sideways orientation, (one of three ways to carry it) and the color is a very appealing deep raspberry. I actually prefer ""customizing"" the inside which took maybe ten minutes. I have already ordered another as a gift."
Good for the money.
GIFT FOR MY NIECE.  FITS ALL HER YARN AND SUPPLIES.  SHE THOUGHT IT WAS VERY COOL
Holds all my yarn and accessories for when I travel.  Very nice and light.  Well made and sturdy.
Fast shipment; product as described!
I bought this is a Mother's Day present for my mother-in-law who is obsessed with crocheting. She normally uses tote bags to keep her yarn and projects in so this is a definite upgrade. The color is beautiful and the quality is impeccable. I know she will get many years of use out of this bag.
Is flimsy and collapses
"It was a Mother's day present from my daughter.  Just what I needed, well made, can carry up to four strands of yarn/thread, side bag for items, crochet hooks, stitch holders, etc. Long and short hand for easy carrying.  Five Stars  Excellent price."
"This drum has worked out great for me. Many times I take my knitting with me when I go places, but I always had to shove my yarn, needles, & maybe a few extra notions or a book into a plastic WalMart bag. lol  But this drum provides enough room for all of those things without being too big to carry around. And I love the small black zippered compartment attached to the strap (which, by the way, is removable). It's the perfect size for whatever notions you might need with you. The only small problem I can find is that since your yarn is in the drum & you have it stranded through the hole in the top of the drum, anytime you need to put your work back in the drum, you can't zip it all the way closed because your strand of yarn is now looped over the lid. (Hope that wasn't confusing!) But it's not a big deal.....you just have to leave it unzipped a tiny bit."
Love this bag.  Wish they made a smaller size for those little projects.
Nice
works great when traveling with my knitting.
I really like it. Works good
"I read lots of reviews before I got this, so I knew that it wouldn't stand up on its own without some cardboard inside for support. It only took a couple of pieces - one for the front side and one for the back. It holds several skeins of yarn, and I've even used it for cotton yarn on a spool, just left enough room for the yarn to unwind as I used it. As far as acrylic yarn in a center pull skein, it works really well, and as you start getting to the end of the skein, just pop another skein inside to put pressure on the depleted skein and prevent tangling.

It did need to be aired out for a few days, along with the little bag for scissors, crochet hooks, or whatever, (and I expected that after reading reviews), but the smell did *completely* dissipate. I haven't used the strap, the handle on top has been enough for me, so can't really talk about that. I also don't use the clip on the little bag; I just tuck it inside on top of the yarn for storage. The outside mesh pocket is great for the printed pages of patterns that I've found online, and small pattern books fit too. The bigger pattern books I use fit nicely inside - I just slide them in next to the cardboard.

As far as storing projects, if it's a really small one, it fits inside on top of the yarn. Bigger projects I tuck in a separate bag and loosely tie the handles of that bag to the one on top of the yarn drum. If for some reason I can't do that, it's easy enough to take the skein I'm working with out of the drum and store it with the project.

All in all, it's not perfect, not by a long shot, but it's definitely usable, and since I no longer have to worry about my dog shedding all over my yarn, or having a non-centerpull skein bouncing out of whatever it's in and picking up lint, etc, from the floor, I'm really happy with it."
I really like how much yarn it holds!  Only wish it were a bit sturdier.  It definitely serves the purpose!
"This ArBin Yarn Drum is great I can put my yarn and crochet hooks and patterns in it. I can even work with it in the car. Love it for traveling. Of course it is good for knitting, Tunisian crocheting also. You will not be sorry and the price is right also."
It is nice.
Works perfectly!
"I absolutely love this bag!! I like the little holes in the top so I can anchor the yarn inside the bag and use as needed. Its really sleek looking and can't wait to carry it out to show off. I am new to crochet/knitting so this is a first step for me, however, organization is a big necessity and this neat little bag helps my yarn be more organized and out of site. It also has a nice little pouch in which you can put small needles and bobbins.  I would totally recommend this item to anyone interested in knitting or crochet!"
I ride in a big truck with my husband. This is a great way to always have my crochet handy and it doesn't take much room. Love it!
The perfect bag to carry around my crocheting supplies. It's sturdy and the perfect size for everything I need!
highly recommend this!!!
"I like it, but I wish it had some kind of insert you could put in so it holds it shape when you don't have it stuffed with yarn.  It collapses if not full."
"I use this everyday when I do my crocheting, so convenient to have a bad to hold 4 rolls of yarn"
"<div id=""video-block-RFMHYOC1TMS1Z"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1igt-hvBlS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91CP0IGHOcS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I purchased this as a gift for my mother-in-law who both knits and crochets. She also travels a bit, so she is always taking her knitting/crocheting on the road with her. This yarn drum is a nice size, but is soft and collapsible when not in use. It holds up to 8 skeins of yarn. Large mesh pocket in front. It also comes with a small zipper bag that is big enough for crochet hooks, but not long enough for knitting needles. There is a handle on top, but it also comes with straps so that you can carry tote over your shoulder.

I used this as a ""gift bag"" and filled it with crochet and knitting goodies. Makes for a great gift."
Great bag
It's very well made & it holds lots of yarn. It could be used for other things also. I recommend this for crafters.
Love this for keeping my knitting yarn organized (and away from my cat) while I am working. Love the handy size so I can take it with me easily. As others have suggested I will make an insert to keep the outer walls rigid and keep the balls of yarn separated.
she loves it
Aweome
"This is perfect for putting a project in it, to travel with or just sitting by a chair like I do. the pouch is nice I can put my needle, hook and scissors  in it and I don't have to worry about loosing them"
I love this!  Just what I wanted.  Lots of room.  outside pocket fits my hook bag and patterns just fine.  I love that it allows for leaving the yarn inside the bin while you work!  Great caddy!  I would recommend it!
"This is one of the most clever, useful inventions ever! I have puppies who have made it difficult to keep my current projects handy, but out of their little paws. This was the answer to my problem! I wish they'd make a bigger, afghan-holder size!"
Good product
"Bought two for Christmas gifts. One for my boyfriends mother & one for his grandmother.  Both were using either plastic bags or a small tote for their knitting.  Now they use bag & both have said they love it!  Seems well made, great color & much roomier than I thought it was going to be.  They're happy, so I'm happy!"
"Bought two for Christmas gifts. One for my boyfriends mother & one for his grandmother.  Both were using either plastic bags or a small tote for their knitting.  Now they use bag & both have said they love it!  Seems well made, great color & much roomier than I thought it was going to be.  They're happy, so I'm happy!"
Was exactly what I expected
Perfect for wearing over my back and knitting at the park with my kids!
Too small. Holds yarn not projects
"For the money, it's well worth it! I love it."
"This holds all my yarn and my sweater, plus pockets for smaller things.  Very handy."
Great way to keep my knitting together. I was using a plastic bag. Great idea.
It holds a lot of yarn and supplies and very easy to transport to sporting events etc love it;  I will be buying a couple more for gifts!
I love it! This yarn drum is big enough to hold 2 one pond yarn pieces. Has a handle to carry around. Very happy!
"Love this tote!  Great for active projects and yarn storage. Holds lots of yarn and needed supplies. I can easily stash 3 or 4 small projects inside. I mostly use it open, instead of closed with the yarn fed through the slots in the lid. Handy zipper pouch holds more than I thought it would, a real plus!  Handy mesh pocket on the front holds a printed pattern, extra hooks, scissors...whatever. These do crumple when not full, I will eventually find something to help hold it more stiff / upright."
"I love this item.  It's perfect for holding one each of the balls of yarn I'm using to crochet an afghan, and the opening on top keeps the one I am working with from bouncing around.  The little pouch holds my crochet hooks, scissors, etc., with plenty of room.  The quality of the material seems like it should last forever.  Lightweight, easy to carry around, very glad I ordered it."
"I LOVE this crochet bag!!!  I can carry my project, extra yarn and all my tools without getting it all tangled.  This is exactly what I was shopping for.  It is durable and incredibly functional."
Love it!!!!
This is great
"this 'little' bag is wonderful!  I love the capacity for a number of large skeins, and the zipper pouch that clips on the side is SO great! In many of the other 'knit/crochet' bags I have tried to use, there is no where to put the 'tools'.  this is also compact enough to 'tuck' in a nice little spot in a room or in your car.  It can even handle instructions slid in along the inside of the carrier next to the yarn.  A BIG bonus as many of the other bags I have used don't accommodate this very well.  Very happy with this cute bag, and the color is great too!!!  The only thing that could be improved is if they would actually make the outside pocket a size that could fit a project being worked on.... where am I supposed to put that?  Just a thought for the 'future' model."
I absolutely love this bag! It had enough room for 5-6 skeins of yarn and the side pocket and pouch holds my tools. One of the best purchases I've made in a long time!!
Love it!!!
"I am very satisfied with my Drum Bag! The only real flaw I see is you do need to alter the bag a bit by putting a liner in it to keep it standing. I used cardboard and it's working great! The convient pouch on the side is where I keep most my hooks. I love the strap on the bag it makes it very easy to carry around. So if you don't mind spending a few minutes putting a sturdy liner in then this is the bag for you crocheters/knitters. The colors are great (wish they had a few more), the storage is awesome, and the convience of the set up of the bag is great!"
Money was worth it. It is amazing!
Excellent
Thanks
This is great plenty of room to keep my yarn and projects in.  I can grab and go
Needed something to keep my knitting projects out of the new dog's mouth - she has already pulverized 2 sets of #2 knitting needles - this has generally worked well - she did get her nose in the slot through which you can draw yarn and pulled out the sock I was working on.
This is a wonderful investment for anyone who crochets or knits.  Easy to carry and holds enough yarn for a large product.  Easy to tuck your project into the drum when not working on it.  I am an avid crocheter  and always have yarn scattered every where and this keeps it neat.
"This replaced my hard plastic container. I like that if you already have started a project, you can shove the skein in the top. The shoulder strap is nice for travel, the outer mesh is perfect to hold stitch markers, tape measure and smaller finished pieces. The zip-up case on the side fits my leather crochet hook case perfectly but is too small for some of my knitting needles."
love this bag?
"Nice! Recieved, well!"
Pretty but not sturdy.  The image is misleading as there isn't anything inside to help keep its shape.  Was a gift for someone & I'm disappointed with it.
The only thing that would make this better is if it could stand on its own
"This gem makes my crocheting on the go SO simple.  It stores my yarn (and my projects) and keeps me tangle free when I'm working.  When I'm not using it, storage is simple because it folds right down and slips in my cubby.  I highly recommend any serious yarn worker to have one of these."
Awesome! !
Love this
"I was given this yarn tote as a gift and I love it.  I have since bought two more to give to fellow crafters as gifts.  The mesh pocket in the front is great for scissors and blunt yarn needles.  The attached pouch is perfect for a wide collection of crochet hooks.  This roomy yarn bin is the perfect solution for any yarn ""crafter"" on the go.  The only negative thing about this tote is it's not very rigid and it tends to sag if it isn't full.  But overall this is a wonderful product and I'd definitely buy it again."
I just love the drum. I received so many good compliments on it. Light weight and so easy to carry.  The item was shipped on time and in very good condition. I will order from vendor again.
Perfect bag to be used at home or on the go. It's amazing how much will fit in it! It's amazingly versatile. Love it.
"I absolutely love this item!  I bought it when it went down to $11. The little case that comes with it is a nice size to store my chibi, hooks, stitch markers, scissors, tape measure, pen, etc.  The mesh pocket on the outside is not very big and there is no way you could put a pattern book in it. I wish the drum was larger so you could store a larger project inside. I can get about 5 medium skeins and all my patches for a purse plus the small storage case. It's perfect to keep smaller projects organized and easy to grab if your in a hurry without worrying if you have everything you need."
"What a cool tote bag! Love the drum shape, as it seems to hold more than the conventional rectangular/ square bags!"
It was a gift and she absolutely loves it. It does all it describes it can do. It has a lot of room to hold the yarn she is using and helps it from getting tangled plus it has some extra storage areas.
This yarn bin is perfect for keeping my yarns from getting tangled while crocheting.
love this bag
Nice product to have when you want to take your project outside to work on it.
I love this to keep all of my yarn in for certain projects that I am working on. Keeps everything in one place.
Nice! I finally have a nice deep bag for my yarn!
Works wonderful. Keeps all my crocheting tools and yarn in one place. Easy to carry with me from room to room.
Product is what was expected
"When I bought this I thought it was made of a sturdy material, but if it is not full it collapses."
Awesome little bag!! And can't beat 11$!! :D
great organizer for all my crochet projects
Wow this is so convenient i can put alot of skeins at once and my needles I love this I have looked for along time for this it comes in different colors get them now for Christmas presents they will go fast.
I knit and crochet ever day and it works great so my yarn is clean and no rolling around on the floor works amazingly!!!
"Love having everything in one locale.  Easy to tote around - much more stylish then a WalMart bag.
This item also keeps our dogs from running off with my yarn."
Perfect for storing and using yarn
This can hold a lot of yarn! It comes in so handy! Every crocheter/knitter must have one of these!!!
"I love these containers on sale, which is the only time I buy them. $18 or more is just too much. Get them when they are on sale from Amazon or JoAnns. They make an excellent way to separate my different projects. I can grab one up and go. Different colors help to identify and organize the projects. Get a new one, open it, and let it air out. Then use it - 5 stars!"
I love this.
I really like this. I have projects going on that require a more twine-like thread/yarn (thin). I can stack them two high in this and carry eight total. It doe not have stiff sides but I think that it will still work for most people. The mesh on the side is pretty useless except for small notes. There is a handy zippered pack along the strap that is about the size of a generous pencil case.
I am SO happy & excited to have this product! I love it!
love it
love it
love it
Should be bigger. This bin is Smaller then I really need. . I could place 5 skeins in it but it was tight and no room for yarn to move when working from bin. Pocket is a good feature. Probably can't use it for afghan projects since I cant put enough yarn in it. Will only be able to use for smaller projects..
"It is not rigid so I have to keep adjusting the yarn within the bin because it collapses. But it is a good, portable way to store yarn for a current project. Crochet hooks and scissors fit neatly in pouch."
Fantastic!
Good quality
I love it
I. Love it.
OMG!! This thing is beautiful and functional. I love the color and it makes crocheting fun. I'm thinking of getting the purple one too. Makes projects so much more portable and organized. LOVE IT!!
This is exactly what I needed!!! It is perfect for on the go knitting. It is large enough to hold yarn for several projects. My needles fit perfectly thanks to the holes at the top and the side pouch is great for all of my small items.
Best storage bag I've ever had!
"I was given this as a gift just before I was hospitalized.  i took my regular  carry pack and this packed with extra yarns and a few extra tools.  It holds a lot of yarn.  4 super saver skeins of yarn and a full set of knitting needles and a bunch of notions as well.  It also has a handle bag attached and a webbed pouch sewn to the outside.  I put a few pom pom rolls in the webbed pouch.  In the handle I put a couple notions as well and my scissors too. and my phones charger. I was in and out of the hospital carrying these two packs the whole time and when they finally did operate, and i was admitted for a bit, i never ran out of yarn or wanted for any tools to do a different project, the whole time I was going through this last hospitalization.  It was 7 weeks long from the last week in August to the first of October.  I did replenish from time to time but I never ran out.  I do charity yarn crafting and I use it for therapy and to keep me calm too.  If you yarn craft, for any reason, this is a must.  It is much roomier than one might think and easy to carry too.  It is the Perfect gift for anyone who yarn crafts!  in my humble opinion.  this is one of the best accessories I have with the exception of my ball winder.  lol  GL and Yarn On."
Fixed everything ....
Haven't started s project yet but I'm sure it will do the job.
this bag was just what my wife wanted
"didn't like the color, but my only choice. makes it easy to carry the yarn and use right out the bag"
"I purchased my yarn drum a few days ago and I absolutely love it already! It arrived 3 days early which made me super happy since I was so excited to try out this product. It is made out of good quality materials. I think the size is perfect, not too big and not too small. There was a slight plastic smell when I first opened it, but it wasn't strong. I love the clip on accessory bag. I store my hooks that will not fit in my hook carrying case in it, along with my scissors, tape measure, stitch markers, etc. I keep my Tunisian hooks in the main compartment with my yarn. The front pocket it perfect for my hook carrying case. Now I have everything in one spot!!

I did have issues with the yarn drum collapsing, but it was an easy fix. I lined the inside of the drum with a couple pieces of poster board. Now it doesn't fall over at all, even when it's completely empty. It was such a cheap and easy fix and does not warrant giving this product a bad review. You just need to take a little time to fix it.

All in all, I love my yarn drum and will definitely be buying another!"
perfect size and prize. easy to carry around and holds a fair amount
I thought that this was much smaller. It will be nice when I start to work on larger projects and for storage but otherwise it is not quite practical for small items and on top of that it does not adequately fit my knitting needles which is a total bummer. But for the price it was a wise investment.
Perfect for my crocheting on the go. .
I  got  it on time  and  enjoying  using  the  bag. LOVE  it .
Package has California proposition 65 warning label. This was concerning to me so I returned the product without opening the package.
"I love this yarn bin! As all the others have said, it is so handy to use and a convenient way to store your yarn that you are working with without having a mess. The four holes are lare large enough to have several yarns at one time to use on a project. There is even plenty of room to have  eight plus skeins working at one time. The handy attached zippered bag holds hooks, needles, etc. and the outside pocket is useful too keep your pattern instructions at your fingertips. It's easy to carry around at home or when out and about town. I would highly recommend the yarn bin to all.  The only con is that it does slightly collapse when it the yarn gets used up. It's not a problem though."
I bought this to keep the yarn away from the cat. But my cat managed to figure out a way to get the yarn out of the top opened sections (on the lid) that do not have a zippered area! I agree with the other reviews that it is flawed in the fact that it is floppy and does not stand up on its own. If you are getting it to keep your yarn away from your cat - it isn't worth it. If you are buying it just for a yarn keeper it is okay.
I was so happy to find this deal.  The yarn drum holds my projects.  The strap makes it very easy to carry the works.  LOVE IT.
Great size and shape for carrying work around.
"I very happy with the capacity of this yarn drum. The only thing I wish is that it were a bit more stiff or firm.  Unless it's completely filled with balls of yarn, it will collapse.  This is a good thing for storage purposes though so it's a catch 22."
lovi it!
Love this all my life i have never been so well organized as this bag helps me be. Now i can actually firnd what i am looking for
arrived very quickly & my daughter seemed to like it
I Love It!!!  Holds my work and accessories very good.  Really like the little slit the yarn comes out thru. Easy to carry around.
Nice size and came on time
"Great bag for my crochet projects. The yarn stays intact as it comes out of the top of the bag resulting in no tangles whole working. Also stores books, extra hooks, etc. I don't have to go searching for things anymore!"
Bought this for my grand daughter just starting out.  Really cute.
"This is a great bag.  it does collape if not carrying at least 4 skeins of yarn , but I would still recommend this to anyone.  I put in some inserts to help it from not collapsing."
So easy carrying all my stuff to crochet class!
Love this it keeps my project yarn neatly and organized.  No more digging thru clear bin for my next color yarn to use.  Along with my needles and accessories
good size and good quality
Love love love this !!
love it
"I read some negative reviews before I bought it, but I am very happy with it. My yarn comes out fine and it's pretty."
"This item is great, I love it.  It holds 5 large skeins of yarn at one time.  I had to get another one because the afghan got too big to fit in the drum with the yarn.  I'm using 6 colors with color change after 2 rows.  Now I have everything I need in 2 drums.  In the pouch that  comes with it holds my glasses, hooks, yarn needles with room to spare."
"I really like this. I needed something to keep my yarn from getting tangled when I'm knitting with multiple skeins; this does the trick. It also keeps my yarn from getting covered in cat and dog hair, as my balls of yarn aren't rolling across the couch, or off it and onto the floor. Not to mention, it makes it very easy for me to transport my projects and knit at my convenience."
I love it. Keeps yarn organized and tangle free. Dont know why I waited so long to get one.
"I really like this item but thought the body would be a bit stiffer as it sags unless you have several skeins inside, otherwise I would have given it a 4 star.  With that being said It is light weight and I will use it for traveling."
"I mainly use my drum to keep project yarns together, and it really helps me stay organized.  The top has openings that make it easy to thread your yarn through and go forward with your project without getting all tangled or messy.  Would definitely recommend this to any yarn crafter!"
"I really like this carrier.  I even use it in my house.  I usually crochet in 2 locations.  When I'm doing a project where I'm changing colors often, I can keep multiple, up-coming colors in the bag and my finishing tools (scissors, needle, stitch marker) in the outside pocket.  Makes it easier to move from one location to the other."
"Great bag for my yarn, needles, books and everything I need to crochet. Love the color too."
perfect and it was well received as a present.
"Great product. Ordered 4 total, one for me, and 3 as gifts. Everyone loved it."
Convenient to have everything you need for a project in one bag.
Quick delivery. Cant wait to use it.
"Love it, drag it with me everywhere. Just wish it was is grey or brown and not fushia, but that's ok. It's functional and exactly what I had hoped."
I bought this for my daughter and liked it so much my husband bought one for my birthday.
"I have been crocheting for years and have used various bags, etc. to carry my yarn and crochet.  I absolutely love the yarn drum.  It has room for at least five large skeins of yarn, or 1-2 skeins and your crochet project.  It has openings on top to allow the yarn to feed through, allowing you to keep your yarn inside the bag while you crochet.  I carry my crochet with me to all kinds of places, especially while traveling.  So, now I can crochet without worrying about dropping my yarn or getting it dirty.  There is a separate attached little bag to hold your hooks, scissors, needles etc.  I can't find anything that I don't like about this bag.  It is wonderful!!"
Very useful and good price
I gave this as a gift. My crafty friend said that the problem she has with it is that it collapses when the yarn is used and that causes a problem with putting pressure on the yarn. It had to be removed from the drum in order to use it. It needs to have a way of being held up by some kind of frame or something. This was a problem my friend was not happy about.
Best Investment Ever!!  I plan on buying one more.  Super convenient!  Great for the price.
As described.  Good quality.
"Very happy with this purchase, it fits my projects plus a few extra skeins of yarn and a few extras!"
daughter loves it
"Bought for Neice and her yawn, she loves it"
So handy!
"This is a great bag to store yarn and crochet supplies.  Nice color and material,  would recommend"
I love my Art in. It is perfect for what I needed.  I have 2 kitties that really enjoy playing with my yarn and this helps keep it out of their reach!  It also has helped keep the baby afghan i am working on from picking up the stray dog and cat hair. (I have all black pets)
"This should be called a ""Yarn Barn"". It is magnificent! It wrangles up 8 skeins of yarn in one tidy, tiny space. I love the needle bag too. This is a well made, brilliant idea! I finally have all the yarn I need for a full afghan in one place... not a skein of yarn here and another one there. Love it!"
So glad I got it. If I'm using a ball of yarn it stays in one place.
Got 2 of these as gifts and the people loved them
Plenty of room love the shoulder pocket for my smaller gadgets
"would have been better if it had dividers for keeping balls/skeins of yarn separated, yarn tangles when using more than one color"
More of a deeper purple than pictured. I was kind of bummed it wasn't this color. Other than that its great and highly recommended!
"I got two as gifts.
they are very good gifts.  the fabric could be a little heavier, however it is well made and affordable to replace so no complaint.
I hope I get one as a gift too.

It hold several skeins of yarn and whatever you need for keeping your project clean, organized and portable.

if they had a larger size id get both a large and small sizes."
I love this. I only wish the outside pocket was larger. Perfect for keeping my yarn tidy.
"Huge--if you knit with 50g balls, you have enough room in this bag for a size small sweater. If you're carting home skeins from a fiber festival or show, plenty of room for huge 100g hanks packed tightly. I was able to fit 14 100g skeins, not yet wound into balls, plus my notions bag, a project bag with two sock balls and my car keys/wallet/wristlet in here. I love this thing so much.

One small criticism: the D-rings on the bag are plastic. I snapped mine day one; I replaced them with a $1 pack of metal D-rings from the hardware store and replaced the plastic carabiners with metal. It made it a much more durable bag for everyday use."
"I Bought this for a friend, and she loves it."
Love this so much I bought two more! Keeps my WIPs in one place & hold good amount of yarn! Also keeps my pattern & tools together.
I got this as a gift for an avid crocheter. She was thrilled. It makes it so she can take her projects with her.
Just as described and very useful.
Holds quite abit of yarn. Great size and works really well. Hoping to get more soon.
"Great for holding your yarn, but so easy to store when not in use. Would also be useful for small toys."
Love it! It came right on time and it is a good price.  Was looking for a bag to take with me for projects I am working on.
"So great for my multicolor projects.  I can get 6 or more full skeins in it at a time.  The little pouch on side is great for needles, measuring tape, scissors and other crochet necessities for project at hand."
"I belong to a knitters group that meets in a restaurant once a week.  This is a great carry-all for my crochet hooks, my yarn, and my books.  It keeps everything tidy.  Love it."
Great way to transport work in progress.
It can carry small projects the best so if you are looking to store a blanket and yarn in here then you will be disappointed. I fit three 1 pound skeins in it along with a small project. It is nice to know my cats fur and any dirt will not get on my yarn since it can't roll off.
"Ba very nice yarn drum, but be advised that on the packaging, it says,""California Proposition 65 warning:  WARNING:  This product contains chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.""  Just FYI."
sister in law loves it
I use it
"Wow, for the price, this is a great product! Fits about 6 and extra pocket to hold hooks. I like the slit on the top to feed the yarn. Great buy. I'm happy"
I purchased this as a gift. The receiver thought this was a wonderful item and loved it. I know have to get a few more for other yarn freak friends. lol
Better than expected.  Slits in the top allow for product insertion and removal without cutting yarn.  What looks like a window on front is actually a mesh pocket.  Very easy to used and collapses flat when empty.  The zipper pouch that comes with it will keep it off balance when attached to the outside.  Solution:  Put it inside.  I am buying another one for a gift.
Just love it. comes in handy with all my yarn storage
Love it
Great and efficient
PERFECT and more than does the trick!
"Very happy with it.  Holds so much yarn, plus a number of other things.  I love being able to get to the yarn easily without having to open it.
I have wanted one of these for years.  I finally got one."
"the price was very good and the item came fast to my home in Guadalajara, Mexico with DHL.  The fabric of the product is supportive, and good for hard manueverie. I did like this product very much and it has help me a lot with my knitting habit."
Just what I needed and excellent price!
"It's fabulous! Very pleased with my purchase, thank you trish Heatley"
I love it!  So much easier to avoid tangles!
"This is perfect to keep my cats from playing with my yarn while I'm knitting/crocheting. I did have to make a make shift liner out of cardboard for the inside to keep the sides from falling down, but it wasn't a biggie. I just cut up the box that this came in."
Love it
love this drum.  I have three project at hand
Perfect for traveling! I bought it for my college student and she loved it!
I use it all the time!
Great product
Ample room for 4 standard skeins of yarn and lots of room for crochet hooks and other crochet tools.
I use this all the time to store my projects. It will hold two to three projects depending on how much yarn I need.
This Yarn Drum is fantastic! It holds way more yarn than I expected it to and it's very easy to carry. I've even slid my tube full of hooks down into the middle of it! I can put the skein I'm working on at the top and pull the yarn through the top! Definitely a great buy at a great price!!
A perfect gift for someone who crochets.
"Got tired of cat chasing yarn skein, so got this. Like the way it has a long slit so you can remove yarn skein when project finished or change out to another project. Very sturdy handle and hanging webbing detachable long strap. The exterior zipper bag is okay but I would have made one with 2 compartments. Still can clip on other zipper bags for other items so might do that to hold other stuff away from hooks or needles. Mesh pocket is okay to hold a scissors or paper pattern, etc. Great deal for under ten dollars while others all 15 to 20...so good value. Like the vibrant dark pink color. Can be tossed around and holds together just fine. Tall interior holds big skein. Put a crochet book upright in bag to keep other yarn away from others in drum, could accomplish same with cutting a piece of cardboard or 1/4 inch luan board maybe even to divide up interior into fourths as there are really 4 holes on top so great for switching colors of yarn.

Would Recommend."
Really nice knitting bag.  Holds everything for a project.  Easy to transport.
Very nice product.  I liked it so much I gave away 3 for Christmas
This bag has come in handy for my projects.
Great item to have.
Bought this for my daughter who has limited mobility due to health problems. This keeps her needlework all together and easily accessable.
Super nice carrying case for all your knitting projects and it zips so everything stays securely inside.  Even my husband commented what a nice case was and he never says anything about my knitting stuff.  High praise indeed!!!!!
Perfect size for all my crocheting essentials!
This is really a nice container for your yarn and accessories with a shoulder strap for easy carrying. It's big enough to carry several skeins of yarn and your work.
"Just as ordered, great product!"
It is very usefull. I put in many balls of yarn and all thinks I am using for knitting and crochet
"Great for holding yarn, works as advertised, happy I purchased."
Wonderful containers.
"Good bin, but it collapses. I put a Tupperware canister inside."
I have one for each crochet project. I love these!
Perfect size for one crochet project. I have one for each project.
I bought two of these and love them for keeping current work in progress projects together.
"I take my crochet everywhere I go, so this is perfect!! Great size-quality construction-& GORGEOUS color!!"
"Perfect for my neighbor who was using a plastic grocery bag for her yarn and supplies. She loves this so I gave it a five star

DH"
The project bag I can fit what I need into! This was just the yarn bag I needed.. In fact I may need another! ;)
"I read the reviews for the ArtBin and decided to purchase it for myself.  Am glad I did!  It is perfect for my projects as I can fit everything into the bin.  I don't crochet large projects so I my hats, earwarmers and scarfs fit into this just fine along with everything else I need.  It won't hold an afghan once it reaches larger stages but great in the starting phase."
"This was a gift for my daughter , and it was perfect for all her yarn. The top has holes , so you can pull the yarn out as needed!  She loved the gift!"
"It is very nice for my yarn I use all the time and my yarn does not get tangled up,"
"It is okay, but I thought it would be sturdier than it is."
"wonderful!  even got a couple for gifts, and they love them too!"
Very nice product.  It does need to have yarn in it or it collapses.  Holds a lot too.
"Good size, convenient storage. Keeps yarn away from the cat!"
Love it ! can take my project with me and keeps it clean!
very nice
Love this! It's bigger than I expected...I can easily store yarn and a smaller sized project inside. I haven't traveled yet but I know it will make it much easier when I do!
"I'm not as in love with this as everyone else. The drum collapses down and prevents the yarn balls from rolling, making it difficult to feed the yarn. I finally hard to cut some cardboard up to make dividers, which has worked very well. It's nice quality, but really should have come with some padded dividers or something."
love it for knitting with my pattern requiring three different shades of yarn alternating every other row.
This is the 2ond one I purchased for my grandson.  It is great for storing his yarn when he is on the road.
The best yarn bag I've had. I receive many compliments
"Nice, would buy again."
I item is exactly what I needed. I want to buy more
It is okay!
Love it.  Nice to carry back and forth to work. Glad I bought 2
Light weight and has 4 holes to pull working yarn through. It has made taking my projects with me much easier!
Great carry all!!
Great way to store my project yarn and use it..
It works great for my Granny! She loves it because it allows her to take her yarn and projects anywhere easily!
Love this !!! Keeps my stuff organised.  I need like 5 more .
"This product is made of materials that are known to cause breast cancer, birth defects and other reproductive issues - Don't be deceived by their donation to breast cancer research."
"Wonderful , worked very well."
"This product is made of materials that are known to cause breast cancer, birth defects and other reproductive issues - Don't be deceived by their donation to breast cancer research."
"It's a nice item. However, it would be much nicer if the sides were more rigid.  It collapses to easily.  I will keep mine but would not recommend it for anyone else."
I bought these as Christmas gifts and I felt very excited to give them out after inspecting them. They are practical and pretty at such a good price.
I have wanted this for a long time and I love it.
Very roomy and will use this for whatever project I am working on.
"Awesome!  Everything at my fingertips while working on current projects.  Easy to carry, very lightweight and everyone that has seen it wants one!"
This project bin is just perfect. I love the way it holds not only the project I am working on but the yarn and all accessories as well. I think that I will be buying more of these. Wish they came in all colors of the rainbow
I Love my yarn drum! It is perfect for me...beginner hooked lol
"sent this item to my sister in Germany ,she loved it."
"These are great for large projects that require numerous skeins of yarn.  I bought 4 of them, 3 to store unfinished crochet projects.  So much better than shopping bags and tote bags  all over the place ... if you are a craft person, you know exactly what I mean.  They stack on top of each other.

I haven't had them very long and so I have no idea how well they are made or how long they will last.  I am very very careful with them and am not stuffing them to the gills.

I am ALMOST organized .... probably as much as I will ever be."
a nifty item for any yard project
"I have 3 in different colors. The Raspberry is Red, the Periwinkle is a nice Blue, the Pink is more of a Dusty Rose or Mauve (I really wanted PINK). Use these all the time. Will hold 3 Caron One Pound skeins or 5 or 6 large skeins. Great for traveling or storing a project. Great to use when you're using several colors in a project. Zip pouch holds the crochet notions needed for a project.

Makes a great grab & go project bag - looks a lot nicer than a plastic bag.

Would like to see more colors, especially would like a Purple."
Good for totting your yarn as it is designed to do.
awesome
Bought this for my daughter who is totally into the crochet stuff. So this happy carry deice suits her on the go lifestyle perfectly.
Love it!!! Nice and big for multiple balls of yarn and projects.
"Love, love this for keeping my yarns from rolling around the floor as i knit!  Nice pocket to keep my needles & pockets for other accessories."
"This is nice.  It is a little less sturdy than I thought it would be, but it is functional."
"Love the bag, it's great."
"The only way I'd love this more is if it had a side pouch large enough to slide patterns into.  I have this in periwinkle as well...  The yarn comes out of the top easily and I've used the shoulder strap to ""tie down"" an afghan I was making to the side of this, so I could carry it along to a fiber arts group (where people go to sit, work on their crocheted/knitted projects and chat).  I was able to fit the largest yarn skeins in the drum (two) and still had extra room... I could've fit a 3rd (red heart super savor large skeins or the caron one pound skeins...)  The pouch on the side clips on or can be taken off and holds a lot... hooks, place holders, scissors, more hooks, tape measure, more hooks...  lol... it holds a lot more than you would need for one project!  Highly pleased with it... and I highly recommend it!"
This is so awesome. My daughter loves it. She can carry her knitting and crochet with needles easily. I'm going to get another one!
"I bought this because it was half off and because I already owned the Periwinkle and knew how outstanding this product it. This one was no exception. I would have loved for the color to be the glowy pink as seen in the picture here, but alas, it is muted and I'd say closer to red than pink. However, it's an outstanding product for what I paid. Happy Camper.

To give you an idea what can fit in here. I've been using my original to haul around 6, and sometimes 7, cakes of Berroco Vintage worsted weight at 218 yards a pop.

On the outside pocket I have had, at one time, 2 Knitters Pride circulars in their orignal packaging, an Addi Swing 6.5 in it's original packaging and often more needles and/or hooks and whatever books or patterns I'm using..Alternately (and more often) I keep all my needles/hooks on the inside because I'm paranoid of someone swiping my addi's. For example, I always keep my full set of addi turbo's inside with the yarn.

In the attached pouch I can, and do, easily fit: One of those snack-sized ziplock bags filled with cheapo stitch markers; the medium size, nice bag of knitpicks stitch markers; I carry a 4"" pair of scissors but you could fit up to 7""; addi turbo needleguage which is the smaller 2"" square, but you could easily fit a 4-5"" long x probably 2-3"" wide inside with plenty of room; a clover chibi (any size will fit); my clover kacha-kacha; a 3"" diameter happy knit measuring tape; cable stitch holders and I kid you not, there's still room."
Works greats and keeps cats out of the yarn. Something she uses everyday a great find.
Husband stores yarn in it
"The canvas is a pretty color & the bag is nicer to take out than a reusable shopping bag. The canvas is a bit flimsy & the strap to attach to the outside is awkward.  (It is uneven, so it hangs weird) Overall I like this bag (I just don't use the outside strap)"
Keeps all my yarn organized along with my needles.
"Didn't know it has chemicals that can fatally harm pregnant women. Bought it at the right time. Plus, if chemicals are fatal to pregnant women, how is it not fatal to the rest? Don't buy. It's cheap and very harmful to you. We had to throw it away right away. I guess I missed the warning sign before buying. They should have a warning button before purchase. Would have saved themselves a 1 star."
"Bought two of them to keep my projects in order. Love the holes in the top, for the yarn to come out and the separate needle bag on the side."
Keeps knitting supplies together and organized
Keeps all the knitting together
"Love thise bag, keeps my knitting stuff together and it's easy to carry and bring with me when I want."
"Great for a young girl interested in crafting. Not as big as I thought it would be, but still gets the job done. And I liked the options with the strap."
Nice container hold the yarn and help with what your working if you have a dog that like to get tangled in it....
I got this for my daughter who has gotten into knitting and crochet.  It holds a lot of yarn and keeps everything tidy.  The extra case is nice but too short for some needles and hooks.
Got this as a gift for my niece and she said she loves it!
very happy
love it.
Great Price for this badly needed item. Now I can keep my pets away from my yarn while I'm working on something. Fast shipping too. Thanks
Boguht this for my mom who knits ETC. Perfect Christmas gift and a lot bigger than expected!
Those who crochet in the vicinity of small children know my frustration. Those yarn skeins are just too tempting to not touch! Having a barrier between grabbing fingers and my yarn is a huge relief!
wonderful to keep projects together
"I bought two of these drums (one in pink, one in blue) for my tween daughters, who both love yarn crafts. The drums are sturdy and can hold a few skeins of yarn. They are both pleased with the drums."
Great little yarn drum! I crochet a lot and this little drum will make it easy for me to carry my work with me when going to doctors' offices (or anywhere I have to sit and wait). Beautiful color too! And great price!
"Getting my granddaughter started knitting & crocheting, this is the PERFECT item to keep all of her supplies.  She loves it!"
"My daughter is new to knitting, and loves this tote, My dad's girlfriend has been a heavy crocheter for years and also loves this tote."
I love taking my work with me but when making baby items I am VERY fearful of the yarn falling on a public floor YUCK this sloves that prob for me ...very well built and thought out
It has a good amount of space inside and is very useful overall. It would be nice if there were away to keep the inside from collapsing with out having it filled with stuff.
LOVE this. Easily fits multiple balls of yarn (especially if they've been rolled into balls and not left in skeins.) Do NOT buy the one that looks like a plastic yarn drum. It has clear cardboard sides that don't fold or fit properly. This one is perfect. I bought a 2nd one!
"Great for storing knitting supplies, and taking a project on the go - just zip it up and you're all set."
Great yarn drum.  I bought 2.  1 for me and 1 as a gift.
This is great. Place for all my mess. Bought another for my dil birthday
"This was a Christmas gift and it is wonderful.  Holds several balls of yarn, has openings in the top for working yarn to feed through, and has a useful mesh pouch along the side as well as a zipper pouch that holds all of my crochet hooks (even the large ones).  Great to carry my projects in the car on trips.  It even holds patterns and small books.  Very pleased."
Good
"bought this for a gift. She loved it, handy for carrying"
"Really like this yarn bin!!  Has quite a bit of storage and very convenient.  Am a beginner in crochet, so far so good, lol!!"
Really cute. I love using my new bag. I was able to crochet while on a road trip and easily stop & start project. It's actually bigger than I thought so it was pretty cool. I had like 3 package yarns and it still was only like half full.
"bought for my yarnaholic wife, she filled it right away and loves it!"
Thrilled with the product and service!
Awesome! It fits several balls of yarn and I love the fact it holds my crochet needles on the side in the black pouch.
Bought yarn carrier as a Christmas gift for daughter who loves to knit.  She loves it.
I love this thing! No more running across the room to catch my yarn when it falls. It's big enough to carry all the yarn I need for any given project and keep it tidy. I love bringing it to work and using it on car trips. I bought one for me and each of my friends who also crochet and it has changed our lives. And you really can't beat the price
very smart design
"Great concept,  super adorable and useful.  My only wish is that it came with something to keep it from collapsing when partially full.  I can find something to use,  but feel it should be part of the product design.  Though for the price,  is definitely worth it!"
Love this bag.. the only negative thing I have to say is after I ordered it I found it for half the price from another store on amazon.
Bought as a gift
"Many reviews have complained that this bag does not stand up unless filled with yarn. That's true, but it's no big deal. I think it's meant to be that way so you can fold it flat when storing it. In use, you can line it with a stiff piece of plastic so it will stand up. It is big and roomy. It could hold 8 skeins of yarn, but they would have to be smaller skeins. There are four round openings at the top, so supposedly, you could be working on 4 different projects. It's easy to carry, and keeps your yarn in place. The little bag that comes with it will fit crochet hooks, scissors, and any other small tools you need. The pocket on the side is extremely small, and will only hold a few pages of instructions, or a very small book. The color of this bag is pink... A much lighter pink than the picture. It's also dedicated to cancer research, which is a nice plus. Some of the proceeds go to that, so it's nice to contribute to that cause. The bag is light, and will go with you anywhere. Buy it."
Love it! I can put lots of yarn for my project on the go. Lots better than the oatmeal boxes. I was using.
My daughter has been using it since I gave it to her ...
"I've had this yarn drum for about a year now, so I have had a lot of time to think about my review...overall I gave this a 3-5 stars because it gets the job done but has some diminished functionality.

Pros:
-The bag is quite large--I have been able to fit several small projects (baby booties, mittens, etc) in at one time and even some bigger projects like scarves or baby blankets. If you were doing something really bulky like and afghan or sweater, this would be too small.
-The bottom is rigid and rubberized so it can handle damp surfaces and the whole thing is made of sturdy canvas so you don't feel like you have to be super careful with it.
-Comes with a needle case that can be clipped to the bag
-Has a small pocket in the front.
-Holes in the top are sometimes good for pulling yarn while working on a project.

Cons:
-As other reviewers have said, the bag is floppy.  I don't have a huge problem with this except for when I try to pull through the top holes.  It only really works if you have the ball of yarn in there are NOTHING else because otherwise things will just flop around and you'll have to get in there and untangle. Furthermore, if there's only one project in there the entire bag just feels like a waste because it has such volume but not a lot of useful space if trying to use the holes-on-top-feature.
-The needle case is small and short.  If you have ergonomic crochet hooks or long/circular needles, it will not work well.  Again, if you were carrying only one project, you might be able to use it, but don't count on carrying much in there.  I use it as a pencil and scissor case now.
-The pocket in the front of the bag says it's great for carrying books. I disagree, unless you are using a Keebler Elf Crochet Manual.  The pocket is SMALL.  It's not nearly wide enough for a book or magazine to fit, and it's not very deep.  I've dropped things out of it before so now I just don't use it at all.
-Two more things about the holes in the top.  It's really hard to thread and entire project in and out (for taking out to work on or putting back when finished) and almost as much a pain to do if you're going to push/pull your skein through for the same reason.  Also, if you have a curious person/pet (in my case, a cat), do not expect your yarn to be safe. I have caught my cat armpit-deep in this bag, and she's even ruined a skein of yarn by tangling it when trying to pull it through the bag.
-Finally, the sling strap...I do not find it particularly useful.  The bag hangs kind of sideways and I have had things fall through the holes in the top.  I now just carry by the top handle.

I know I have a lot of complaints about this yarn drum, and I thought about giving it two stars instead of three, but it is not a terrible product when you compare others on the market.  For $20 you get something that isn't perfect but is generally suitable for carrying a project or two. I don't think I can say that about any other bag I've owned, so this still gets three stars. If they had a better way to do the holes in the top and made that outside pocket a better size (or, better yet, put the pocket on the inside), it would be a much better bag."
This is nice. It holds many yarns and keeps it neat. I like it.
"Bought this as a gift for a friend who is always taking her crochet on the go.  The Yarn drum is very spacious, but not so overwhelming that it makes it difficult to carry it around it.  The little needle-holder bag on the strap is handy too.  Color was very pretty and true to the picture. My friend was very pleased."
"I like this and loaded same day as recieved I just wish it was 2 times larger, it will only fit 3 jumbo skiens of yarn tight squeese, Good concept. The size is reason for 4 stars."
friend loved it
Exactly what my mother in law wanted
Daughter loved it
"Bigger than expected, but it's a great surprise! I just wish there were more pockets and compartments."
"excelent and cozy yarn bag. easy and light to carry and use. Impermeable- no problem to carry yarn in rain or snow. . it has the right size: not too big or too small.
i am very happy to have it.
the only minus is that it has not any inner compartment to put instructions, for example : an inner flat big pocket in the wall."
love it
love it
This is a very rugged holder and fits my needs.  Modestly priced.
I love it!
I love this thing. Its very sturdy.  Its pretty if not quite as pink as pictured. The little storage pouch is great. My longest needles poke out the openings but I don't really carry them often so I don't mind.
It is a wonderful product with loads of room for skeins of yarn and bobbins:)
the Artbin is nice but does not stay upright if not filled.  I wish the sides were a bit sturdier
"Love love love! Bought a few for my family members. Keeps yarn conveniently stowed without them getting tangled. I use multiple colors at a time, so it's nice to keep them together."
Awesome!  This was a Christmas gift for my niece and she loved it.  It holds all the yarn that I got for her to put in it plus what she already had.
great caddy for yarn I love it
Excellent product well-made does exactly what it says and a little bit more.
Love this!  It's perfect for my knitting projects.  Well made and functional.
Great for taking projects on the go
Well made at a reasonable price... The kids love them...
Bought this for my wife who is a Knitter and she loves it ( Yes she actually uses it ).  Her freinds were impressed I new what she might like.  Very sturdy and holds allot with out taking up a bunch of space.
I love this for projects that require several colors of yarn. I holds the skeins in an upright position and they do not get tangled with one another. You can store notions in the little detachable bag or in the pocket on the front. It is easy to carry to group night or when traveling.
Mother love this as a gift....
I use it all the time...
"Really good to save Yarns, its really big"
Just awesome
These were a gift for my mom. She absolutely loves them and already has projects she's working on in all 3 drums that I got her.
"bought  this as a gift for my niece, who is learning to crochet. She was very pleased that she can keep all her supplies in one convenient tote thats easy to carry from home to grandma's to long trips riding in the car."
perfection in a tote..easy to carry everything I need for projects both large and small
"Great product, works as described"
It is my new favorite! I use it every time I crochet!
"This is the 3rd one I have bought ! One for me, one for my mom, and one for my daughter in law who taught me how to crochet ! I love it and so do they."
My girlfriend loves it
very nice and useful
I give it a just okay it'll be good traveling with my knitting but it's not pretty to leave sitting out by my chair where I knit. It serves the purpose so your yarn doesn't get all tangled and falling all over the floor
Awesome
This was a gift for a co-worker and she absolutely loved it..
Shipped quickly. Got this as a gift for my best friend who is always knitting. She was extremely excited about all the little nooks and crannies for her to store this particular knitting project inside. Very happy knitter!
"Good stuff, very spacious for all your knitting/crafting needs"
Delivery was extremely fast and the product was just as I expected.  I'm very pleased with the yarn drum!  :)
giving as a gift
"I bought this product for two women for Christmas and I liked what I saw on the out side, but when one of them opened theirs it was missing the arm strap, the other one had the arm strap.  I do believe both ladies did like the product but I wish that they both came with everything you showed on the web site."
Fantastic product and no issues with delivery!
Good Product
"I got this as a birthday gift for a child who knits. It's very attractive, well made, and could be used for supplies other than knitting. It can hold a fair amount but is still small enough to easily carry around. A very nice product."
A great yarn drum.  Works wonderfully and a great place to hold the yarn and even travel with.
I do a lot of crocheting and this bin helps keep me organized with the project I am working on.
Holds a lot
Daughter In law needed it
"Bought this as a gift for several co-workers who all joined a beginner knitters class.  They all loved it.  It's great for keeping projects organized & working on them, too.  The pouch is just right for holding crochet hooks, small knitting needles, snippers, or other yarn craft supplies.  Love the pocket in front for pattern storage.  It really does make a nice gift for any yarn crafter."
"I was looking for a container to hold and feed yarn from skeins that flop around all over the place.  I read online that some purchasers of this drum were unhappy with it because it did not stand upright on its own - it needed a number of skeins to keep it upright.  I bought the drum, went to the dollar store and bought a bucket for $1.00.  Slipped it right into the drum and now have the perfect holder for a skein of yarn that can flop around inside all it wants, and still feed perfectly through the top.  The drum it well made, handy for taking my work outside the house and keeping the yarn unsnarled and clean."
I LOVE this item!!! I wasn't expecting it until Monday but I got it Saturday!! When I buy yarn I try to get the super sized. it holds about 4 of those. I even like the nice color. My youngest cat sits and watches as my yarn comes out of the holes in the top. Thank you for such a great product.
"I love this bag! I don't like the cancer warning on it, but it holds everything and it's pink! I put my yarn in a plastic bag before I put it in here for fear now but everything has a place in this bag!!! It has tons of pockets and even has 8 holes to bring your yarn through so you can sit anywhere and crochet!"
Should have inside dividers but overall I am happy with the bag
Wish it had dividers inside the bag to section off each yarn. But I love the bag anyways
Daughter-in-law loved it.
"Bought this for my wife. She loves it !  Keeps her yarn and supplies organized and close at hand. And if she goes somewhere, she can just grab the strap and go with all her supplies ! A great item !"
"I got this for a Christmas present and I love it so much! I am currently working a scarf that has 2 different skeins of yarn and it was so hard to work with them before this yarn drum. They would roll onto the floor or out of the other basket that I had them in. Now I can easily pull from the openings in the top, they don't get on the floor and get dirty, and I can tote it anywhere I want to work on the project. I also love the little pouch that it came with for storing my needles. Perfect for the avid crocheter or knitter!"
Love this. It lets me keep my yarn clean and safe while I work it and there is a zipper bag for my hooks and needles.
I love this! I take it everywhere I go!
It collapses and yarn gets stuck everywhere.
Arrived on time and great product.
Love this bag. Able to carry my items and work without my yarn rolling on the floor. Love it!!
"It is larger than I expected, otherwise perfect.  It would be really nice for a larger project."
I'm using this to house my latest project: the 4th doctor's scarf! It's fantastic!
"For the price, it's good - however it is on the larger side and no partition inside so everything kind-of rolls around inside. Also, if it's not full, it kind of collapses.

That said, it is doing a good job of containing all my yarn and keeping it free of dust."
This is what I had hoped it would be to.
It is what I hoped it would be.
Good product would do business again.
Perfect size for smaller take along projects!
"I use this for all of my knitting projects, I love the fact you can get the balls of yarn out, without unzipping. Perfect for what I need."
Good stuff!
Bought it for my wife for christmas I hope she enjoys it. only problem order Raspberry and got bright red....
Very convenient
Best thing I have to hold yarn. Even works with balled yarn pretty well without much difficulty. Love it want more of them.
"This goes with me everywhere. It is the perfect bag to keep my current yarn project in, and it is very strong for all the stuff I put it through. I can fair to say that it fits 4 RedHeart Super Saver Jumbo skeins. As long as you haven't balled them up."
It's bigger than it looks. Hold a lot of yarn
Very good way to hold my projects
"This is a great tote for knitters & crocheters. Received one as a gift & now I am giving one as a gift.
."
"I had read the reviews before I ordered this, so I knew that this drum collapses if it is not filled with yard.  I added a plastic bucket inside that fits perfectly, so that is no longer an issue.  The yarn drum is light weight and works out well with my yarn."
Very nice for the price.
works great
"Bought it as a gift for my oldest son who crochet to relieve stress, he loved it."
"This is a great bag. I use it all of the time. For my latest project, a striped bobble baby blanket, it easily fit six full cakes of Berroco Vintage plus my half finished blanket. Love the slit in the top and it is a Grand Slam that it comes with the tool pouch. That it is so incredibly lightweight while at the same time high quality and sturdy -- this is a no-brainer. Get it.

Honestly, you cannot loose with this bag."
Love it to have when I am in the car waiting for my husband to finish running with his running group
"I'm giving this three stars and not two because the mistake seems to be mine in not reading carefully enough.  When I purchased this tote I did not realize the slits on the top are permanently open, there is no way to close them.  I have a cat who is a yarn thief and with the open slits this case is useless to me.  I might as well just throw the yarn in the middle of the room because the slits are so large he can literally fit his body into the case.  What this means is the case now belongs to him.  If those slits could be zippered closed, I would give this case five stars and buy a few more."
Worked great while traveling
Wife loves it. As other reviews said the bag doesn't have any ridge support inside so it won't stay standing upright if its empty. The included little zipper bag is about 9inches long and you may have a hard time fitting longer needles inside it. But overall a great purchase.
"Bought this as a gift. She's loves is still a year later, especially the water resistant bottom - a great feature so you don't have to worry if setting on a floor away from home!"
"I like it, but then again my Daughter, the gal that's constantly crocheting requesedt this for Christmas.  So it must be a great thing.  I can see that because of the weight, color and quality.  I don't crochet."
"This is an excellent size for most projects that involve multiple colors of yarn.  The case is soft sided so it would not stand up properly without being somewhat full, but it is a bag, that is sort of what I was expecting.  The only real complaint that I have about the bag is that the needle case that hangs off the side is too short for longer knitting needles.  I would have liked it to be slightly longer, or attached to the main body of the case on the outside, but that is a very minor complaint for such a high quality container.

Plus, Yarn all in one place = happy husband."
Color and size are perfect! Is really comfortable and useful but I'd like some pockets on the inside or a place where to put the needles.
"This was a gift for my mother, she loves it and still uses it 2 years later, thank you!"
"Large, roomy yarn bin. The pocket on the outside could be.more.generous. the notions pouch is a nice.idea, but I would have.preferred it on the strap. Good value."
"I love this product! It keeps all of my yarn neatly together in one place. There is a pouch for my crochet hooks and scissors, measuring tape, everything fits. The little open sleeve on the front holds the patterns I am working on. I would recommend this to anyone who knits or crochets. Last but not least, it's in my favorite color. :)"
Collapsible and versatile.
great for storing your wool
"Works really well as long as yarn is rolled in a ball or comes out of the center of the skein. If the yarn rolls around the skein, the yarn gets tangled as you pull it out out the bin."
"I did not buy this but if it colapses like others say,that's a big problem. I will keep my small 2layer cosmetic bag  I got at Shopko my husband put grommets in the ends. It works great and has a top layer for supplies  that  zips separately from the bottom layer"
"I like that this is so big, but I find that I prefer my plastic one better. This doesn't sit straight up since it's just canvas so it lays on the yarn weird and sometimes makes it difficult to pull yarn through the holes. I started putting the plastic one inside this just using this one to hold other yarns I need and supplies it works well."
A great Item. delivered sooner than expected. works great
I like it. The only slight issue I have is that you have to have it full of yarn on order for it to stand erect. Other than that I am glad I purxhased it. I have four different projects at one time going and the slots and handy. Nice carting case for my hooks.
Awsome quality good value looks great! Holds alot of yarn.
Really like this. I now have 3. Great for transporting projects. Holds plenty of yarn and notions. Colors are not quite as pictured but still nice.
"all my things fit

very please with this item."
Granddaughter loves it.
"very nice,thank you! Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  :)"
"very nice, love the color.."
I like this as much as a guy can I guess. I hope my grandma likes it more. product showed up quick and as described. and it should keep my daughter from tossing grandma's yarn around the livingroom when we visit.
"So easy to carry my projects around now!  I spend up to 6 hours a week while my kids are at Tang Soo Do lessons, this keeps me from hitting refresh a thousand times on my Facebook page. I can knit and watch my boys at the same time without getting too distracted (although I do find myself counting my stitches in Korean now). This is easy to toss over my shoulder and the yarn just pulls so smoothly from the hole, no pulling a bunch out at a time. I do really love it."
"This is absolutely the bomb!  I put all the yarn for an afghan in it and as I worked on it I stored the work in it till I was again ready to work on it again.  The afghan is for a 6 foot kid.  It is great, I gave my sister one.  She carried her project to the hospital to work on in the waiting room in it.  You can put your pattern in the pocket and tools in the pouch.  Everything is organized, compact, and easy to carry.  I'm going to get more."
Excelente!!!
I wished it had an insert to keep the skeins of yarn standing up without the insert the skeins fall over and lays on the bottom if the skeins are small or only a couple of them in the drum other than that I LOVE IT
i LOVE THIS THING. though IT ONLY ARRIVED YESTERDAY! I can fit all my yarn in it and all of my knitting needles and in the little artBin black bag on the side all of my kitting and crochet little needs. An excellent buy for an incredibly decent price.
Very practical
"Very nice bag to organize yarn and supplies, purchased it for college girl"
"Not only is it beautiful, but it is tall enough and round enough to carry all the yarn for a project and if knitting, will carry very tall knitting needles. I just bought it because it looked so beautiful and the price was good. It can be used for craft projects, painting supplies, just about anything else you can think of. Excellent buy."
They sag badly when not stuffed with yarn.  I made a divider out of wood by cutting a notch in 2 pieces of plywood and fitting them together.  You could do the same thing with cardboard.
Bought as a Christmas gift. Friend loved the ease of use for knitting!!
Bigger than I expected and great quality! I love that the bottom is water proof so no slop will get in to my yarn. Cheapest I've found this anywhere!
"Perfect, thanks! Love it! Keeps me organized!"
I thought it would hold more but besides that I love this!
This is my third one of these containers for my yarn. I love it very nice easy to carry. I would highly recomend this item. Well worth the money. Thank you!
"It's okay -- and holds yarn -- but there is not a good place to put [pattern directions, and the pouch for holding accessories (scissors, stitch markers, needles, etc.) is small and would be more useful if it were clear so contents were easy to see.  I wouldn't buy this again."
It says on the packaging that it may cause cancer - so I was concerned. When I called the maker they said it was safe.
Very nice product .. excellent price !!
"Good for my smaller projects. I can carry two to four. Cons: Only one 5""X6"" mesh pocket on the outside (which I use for magnify glass & bag of assorted elastic hair bands for crochet headband projects) & inside is one space with no pockets. It does come with a small zipper pouch which holds crochet hooks/dp knit needles, small scissors, etc. TOTE SIDES ARE NOT RIGID, so if you have a small project or just a few skeins of yarn, the sides of the bag collapse. I solved that problem by lining with Xstiff plastic canvas grid which I tacked to sides of bag at zipper area. Pros: Top of bag has two slits with two holes at the end of each slit (four total) so you can carry 14"" knitting needles &/or use 4 different skeins of yarn at once."
Great bag.  Product as described.  Thank you!
"I like this case a lot. It has a lot of good features and I'm happy I bought it. The only thing ""wrong"" is that I had to safety pin most of the top shut so my cat couldn't stick his head in and get the yarn he so desperately wants. My own problem I know. But wouldn't it be even better with zippers across those top slots so I could close it off if I wanted? I might be installing my own!"
"Every thing about is is just right. Only one tiny thing happened, the rubber grommet came off but that doesn't keep it from being nice."
"Nice size for storing and carrying yarn, but wish it had another pocket that would hold the knitting needles and other accessories for a road trip we're about to take.  the outside pocket isn't big enough."
Birthday gift for my sister and she loved it!  Great size.
I LOVE the color!!! i so wish a wider one was availible but it holds the 7 skeins of yarn perfectly!!! and it was $10 less that at my local craft store!!
I love my Art Bin. It keeps all my crocheting items in one place with easy access through the opening in the top! Ty for quick and courteous service.
i love it
"This drum works great to store a project.  The color is misleading in the picture online.  I ordered pink, thinking it would be somewhat lilac.  But it's just pink.  Also, the sides are collapsible, as other reviewers have written.  I'm going to line it with poster board and then it will stand on it's own.  I like the long adjustable strap and the side pouch.  There is also a separate zippered bag which attaches to the top.  I keep hooks, needles, scissors and such in it."
I'm not in love with this. It's too flimsy and has no room for the piece you're working on.
Very compact when folded.  Appears to be well made.  Will make a great gift for my daughter who crochets.
"I take the train to and from work each day, so that gives me an extra 2 hours each day to knit. This tote is perfect! It can accommodate several balls of yarn, allowing the working yarn to come up through the hole and you can reach in, unlike most that have the grommet, where you must ill the yarn through right when you begin and your yarn is stuck there until you finish or, God forbid, cut it! This is much better! I just started a large Aran sweater and this holds all the yarn and all my tools comfortably. I plan to buy one for a friend who crochets those big afghans, because this will hold it, all of it! The strap is even adjustable! I have used ArtBin products for decades and have never regretted purchasing a single one. At about $10, it is a must have for all knitters and crocheters, whether you craft on the go or at home."
Bigger would be better but its great!  Lots of pockets and keeps ylour wool clean.  Easy to have all the needles in the front pocket along with the pattern I am using.  I recommend it for all knitters.
"It is sturdy and I really like that shoulder strap. It also has a handle.  The outside pocket really comes in handy.  However, the way it was described I thought the inside was divided into pockets which kept the yarn upright but allowed it to be pulled through the holes at the top.  It is just one open area inside.  But overally works well to keep my yarn in."
"Fast delivery, just what i expected!"
"This works well when it is full of yarn.  I will use poster board to make a liner to give it ""body"" when not full of yarn.  I like the shoulder strap for transport."
Nice color. Exactly what was described. I use it everyday.
"I picked this up for my mom for her birthday. She's really into knitting, but I noticed her yarn is always getting tangled or caught on something, or the cat would lay on her projects. She also likes knitting in the car or while she's out and about. All of these issues in mind, this yarn drum seems to have resolved a lot of the issues she was having. It was an ideal solution.

I can't speak from the experience having used it as I do not knit. My review is based purely on how happy my mom seems to be with it and her feedback. She insists that this product has made knitting much easier and accessible for her, so I'll take her word for it."
ok
I love this bag. Much more than I expected. I bought this for my daughter and I will be proud to give it to her. I might buy again after Christms
"Pros: yarn doesn't roll on the ground.

Cons: because the sides are flimsy, the bin collapses on my yarn, making it impossible for the yarn to roll around. I'm constantly tugging and untangling my yarn with this thing. When I work two colors, the yarn gets tangled, big time. I guess nothing can be perfect.

Can I live without this thing? Yes. Do I want to? No. In the end, I do like that it protects my yarn from picking up strange dust bunnies off the floor. I just wish the walls were a bit sturdier to give room for the yarn to bounce and roll inside."
"I bought this bag for my wofe, she does a lot o""192.168.1.108lar the yarn to come through. With ehough pockets for needles and hooks, it a lot more better than the plastic bag she used before. The only thing it's that the pink color on the photo is brighter and vivid, the one that arrived is a shade like the ribbons against breast cancer; not that I have something against it, but it's a little misleading.
Overall, nice buy."
It suitable for keep two yarns together.
Perfect for multiple skeins of yarn. Pockets are great. The one complaint I read in other reviews was that because it is soft sided it can collapse if not full. I easily fixed this by putting a hard yarn holder (snap ware yarn tainer also purchased on amazon for about $7) inside and there is nothing more I would want out of a yarn bag. Nicely made and appears as though it will be durable.
"Very sturdy, holds all my yarn for the afghan I am working on. I love the holes in the top!"
"i tried this but the holes are too big, there is not a hard inner part( not even some cardboard) to give some substance it just flops down , would be better off investing in harder box"
This was bag is one of the best items I have bought for my crocheting accessories and yarn
It seems well made but it is too small. Only holds single skeins yard dors hold ptoject too.
"I love this bag.  It's big enough to fit a good-sized project in it, along with several skeins/balls of yarn.  I can also fit my little box with my knitting accessories inside and my Kindle Fire and still have plenty of room.  This is a really nice bag."
This tote is the best of many I tried! It fits many super sized skeins of yarn and they do not tangle inside the drum! A must for all knitters and crocheters!!
"The only thing I wish is that it would stand up without the yarn.  Otherwise, great!"
I bought this for my adult daughter. She loves it and finds it very useful. It is well made.
works great. holds just enough
"A great yarn and small project storage bag. I was able to line the entire bottom half of the drum with skeins of DK yarn standing up and then the top have I had space enough for several balls of working yarn as well as whatever smaller sized in progress project I was working on and that little extra side black bag that is attached is great for carrying my hooks, scissors and markers and counter. An excellent project bag I even just bought one for my mother after having mine a week."
When I bought this I was pretty much guessing that my mother in law needed one for her knitting and crotcheting class. She uses it and she loves it.
"I have had this drum for a few months now, and I am pretty happy with the product overall.  It is roomy, well-constructed, and the slits on top work perfect for no-tangle knit or crochet work.  I was very happy with the product until the little side-bag decided that it wanted to pop off and make me think I had lost my deceased grandmother's hook.  After frantic searching, I found it on the floor near where I keep the bag.  The little pouch has come unhooked nearly a dozen times now.  I'm thinking of replacing the plastic hook with a carabeener.
I love the bag, I just couldn't give 5 stars because of the little pouch wanting to drop off!!"
I can finally get organized with my yarns. Spacious enough to hold 5 to 6 skeins of yarn.
Nice.
Its great item to hold your yarn and some supplies. It has 4 rubberized holes for up to 4 yarns at one time and with the slits you can take the skein out with out disturbing your work. I like the fact that it's collapsible for storage when not in use. I do have a suggestion for a add on part. A mesh tube shape bag that clips on that is wide enough to hold a folded afghan and big enough around to hold an finished afghan. That way you can store your work that won't fit inside the drum.
"I love this bag! I get compliments all the time, even from non-knitters/crocheters. The main compartment easily fits 6-8 skeins. The strap pouch is very nice for keeping needles/hooks, stitch markers, and other small items that inevitably get lost if they don't have a place to be stored. I wish the mesh pouch was stretchy, but it works well for holding folded patterns and to slip in a cell phone or whatnot."
"Love this bag! The storage is great and the accessory pouch a nice extra. Enjoy it so much, got one for my mother-in-law who loves hers too."
Absolutely love this its perfect for what i need i was able to fit all my yarn in it and it will be so awesome for travel.
"More then meets my expectations. Finally a yarn holder that you DO NOT have to feed the yarn through a little hole and, you can remove the yarn without disturbing your project."
"bought this for my daughter, she loves it."
"An excellent product! I read that this product had one failing. It wasn't firm and kept collapsing. What wasn't mentioned is that the inner compartment is an open area. This can cause yarn to tangle as skeins become depleted. I solved both problems. Take 2 or 3 liter plastic soda containers. Cut a small hole with a knife. Use scissors to continue cutting bottom completely off and save. Wash and rinse containers. When these are dry, place yarn in, place bottom of container upside down (cut edge downwards) and push it up to desired depth. In this way balls of yarn can be used. Yarn skeins are separated. Have your friends save containers for you. That way you have multiple containers. What I didn't notice is that there is a small easily secured and sealed pouch to place scissors, needle containers and crochet hooks easily."
love it for holding yarn; can knit with this while standing in lines
"This is what I've been waiting for!  I am so happy with this. It's a lovely lavender/periwinkle color.  Plenty of room and the mesh pocket and zippered pouch are great for extras.  The mesh pocket isn't very large but it's big enough for a small pattern book or small odds and ends. The zippered pouch is perfect for crochet hooks and scissors.  A bit too small for most knitting needles though.  Be aware that when it says it will hold 8 skeins that it means regular sized skeins.  Right now I have two jumbo skeins and two balls of regular skeins as well as the case for these&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Knitter-s-Pride-Spectra-Trendz-Multi-Color-Acrylic-Deluxe-Interchangeable-Long-Tip-Knitting-Needle-Set-700102/dp/B00I06XUNA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Knitter's Pride Spectra Trendz Multi-Color Acrylic Deluxe Interchangeable Long Tip Knitting Needle Set 700102</a>, and it's pretty full.  Very happy with the quality. I don't foresee having to replace this any time soon but it's so good that I'm going to purchase a second since I normally have at least three projects going at any one time. If you're still debating whether or not to purchase, stop.  It's well worth every penny for any knitter or crocheter. Think I'll get the pink next ;)"
Best one I have ever purchased
It woud be nice if the sides weren't so flimsy
Exactly as described and works as expected.  I take it everywhere!
"Wife likes it a lot.  Only knock is that it doesn't have reinforced sides so it kind of slumps over.  The picture shows it is perfectly shaped but that is not the case.  Fits all of her stuff, which I like because it doesn't clutter up the room and our cat no longer chews on the yarn."
"This is a very pretty yarn drum, and the price is great.  I saw some plain, clear plastic yarn drums at JoAnn Fabrics and I believe they were priced higher than this one.  I love the color and this is very sturdy as well.  Great product for the money!"
Get a lot of compliments on this from our weekly crafting group.  This replaced another knitting container I had - like this one much better.
Was worth every penny. Love it.
Just what I wanted
I love this  yarn drum. I have it loaded and have shared this with other friends who love to crochet or knit!!
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this item for storing knitting projects. Very practical and helps me keep my yarn away from the cats. Love the wider opening at the top so that I can store my yarn in case I forgot to thread it through before I started knitting. No need to break the yarn, stow the skein and feed thru a tiny hole and then retie. LOVE this. Pretty color too."
"I bought two of these, one for myself and one for Mom who is never without a knitting project.  This bag is great.  I take it in the car and love that my yarn is not falling off my lap and rolling on the car floor."
great way to keep ur yarn in
What a neat thing for travel. I just love it.
"Love it!! Perfect for your "" on the Way""
projekt. A lot of space for many yarnballs,
And easy to bring with you."
"Purchased this in Raspberry not too long ago, and the longer I use it the more I love it.  At first I didn't understand the reasoning behind the long slits.  Now I understand the reasoning behind them is to allow you to pull your skein as you work.  If you are working from the outside the yarn travels up the slit every you pull out more yarn to finish a row.  The only con for me is that this collapses unless you fill it with yarn to hold it up.  One of these days I'm going to get a piece of plastic and make a lining.  This is not too hard to work with when filled with skeins of yarn, just an annoyance.  The pouch is helpful to me as I can put my iPhone in it along with a crochet hook etc.  Someone mentioned they didn't like the plastic smell.  Mine doesn't have a strong odor, but if it did, the pouch can be unclipped and detached.  Also like the carrying strap, which is also detachable.  Very handy.  At the moment I have two wip's in mine and several skeins of yarn.  All in all I like this so much I will be buying another in Periwinkle just for  yarn storage."
"I like this, it works since i have different projects goin all at once. It doens't hold its on shape when emplty, or low on what ever is inside. it sturdy, i would reccomend it..."
Love it and may need 2 more for my daughters for christmas!!! Fast shipping and all is as stated.
Really like this bag.
as described
"I chose this particular project tote because it appeared very gender neutral, not many of us guys knit.  It is such a nice tote, that my wife wants one and she doesn't even knit.  The outer pocket is handy for stowing my pouch of stitch markers and my point protectors while I am working on a project.

Since I had been using a t-shirt bag from SuperAmerica this is a vast improvement.  The only thing I wish it had is an inner pocket, but I got around that by putting all my miscellanea in a small tackle box."
Gave this item as a gift to my mother and she loves it! It is very useful and can fit a lot of her yarn.  It shipped right away and I was very happy with my item being in good condition.
Great I love thanks.
My sister really found it convenient.
"Not what I was expecting... description leads one to believe that your skeins are in individual compartments with a whole for each thread, but not the case. They all share the same large compartment, and start to sag as you expend the yarn. Cardboard dividers will be needed to keep yarn usable."
Mom loves it
"Would be better if it had dividers in it, but it holds 6 skeins of yarn good until they become tangled when close to the end."
My wife loves it.
"I'm enjoying my yarn drum. It's large and easily holds 4-6 skeins. It has two handles to choose from for toting it off to a group event or even around the house. The washable outer fabric also makes it a good choice for bringing your project to a picnic or the beach.

The two slits at the top are convenient for pulling your working yarn through but what I really like about them is that small projects can be pushed into the slit for storage or with larger projects, you can pull the entire skein through and out the top.

The attached tool caddy is good size and I like it can be attached to the outside. No chance of losing it and no need to dig through the yarn inside to find it.

The pocket in the front comes in handy as a quick place to stick something of frequent use such as a scissors.

I knocked off one star in the review due to it's collapsible nature. Nice feature if you want to store the empty drum but I believe most people using an item such as this are constant crocheters/knitters and would have the drum in play all the time. I used two pieces of cardboard the width & height of the drum and interlocked them down the middles creating in effect four chambers which holds the item in an upright and not collapsible position. I've found in doing this another benefit: as the skeins run out, the chambers are keeping the yarns from tangling together."
Love it!
"This bin is great! I like how roomy it is and the slots in the top allow the yarn to feed through . I recently took it on vacation and it was very handy. It held all of my supplies, including my pattern book. The only thing is that the sides are soft and it collapses very easily. I got it in periwinkle and love the color."
Wife loves this and it is holding up well.
I bought this as a gift for my Mom's birthday. She loved it. She liked having a bag that could hold all of her knitting stuff without taking up so much room.
"great product - roomy for at least 2 projects, great handy case for hooks scissors etc and a shoulder strap to go mobile. The holes for the yarn are roomy to allow freedom of movement, but well rounded so they don't snag the yarn on the way out.  Mesh square at front keeps current project pattern safe and handy. Love this and the colour is gorgeous!  Highly recommend."
Perfect for crochet on the go!!
I love this product. I can fit so much in it.
This is just what I needed. I'm tired of carrying my projects in supermarket handle bags. Great item. Roomy and places to carry small things too. Love it!
"Got this for my wife for Christmas, she uses it all the time"
"I bought this as a gift for my wife. She has been knitting and crocheting for...well.... years (I'm not a stupid husband, not mentioning numbers!). She's always used canvas bags or totes. I was just poking around Amazon for gift ideas and came across this and figured for the reasonable price I'd give it a try. Long story short - she LOVES it. Great size, lightweight, perfect for day trips or to meet with her knitting and crochet groups. I couldn't be happier. Primarily because she's happy (again - not stupid! LOL)"
"Works perfectly, plenty of room for multiple skeins. And nice detachable case for needles and stuff."
"I didn't try it yet, but I have few points.

- Color is darker thank it looks in the picture, but it's fine.
- It is not enough for big projects like throws and blankets.
- If the slits in the top ( where the yarn come from ) can be closed it will be more secured and will keep what is inside from dust or anything else because the opening is quite big.
- I like that the base is water resistant,
- I like that you can carry the bag in 3 ways , however you should be careful and store anything small in the pouch attached, because carrying it on the shoulder vertically might drop anything from the slits."
"I was happy with the shipping time and happy with the price.  It's well made and worth the price.  However, unless you like to run your yarn through the top of your knitting bag, you could use any tote to carry around your knitting.  I decided that this was probably not a good purchase for me."
I think that this bag works for me because it is sturdy and light weight.  It has compartments for everything that I need.
If you knit or crochet you are always looking for something convenient to carry your project.  This container is large enough to carry multiple skeins of yarn and all the little bits you want to carry along too!  It also has opening in the top if you want to use it to feed the yarn out to the project you are working on.  I have wanted one for a while and this one was a great price!  I ordered one in a different color for my daughter in law so when we get together we can tell who's carrier is who's.
"This holds quite a number of skeins.  The only item I wish it included was rigid sides.  With balls of yarn and sitting on the floor, the sides collapse."
Love it. It's so handy when I need more than one skien of yarn at a time. No knotting of the yarns.
"This carrier does not stand on its own. In other words, the picture shows it standing by itself while nothing is inside. The problem is that it doesn't - unless the carrier is full, and I mean REALLY full, the case just flops on the floor. This isn't helpful when knitting or crocheting and the yarn is supposed to come out of the slot on top and the top of the case is flopped on the floor - sideways."
"I absolutely loved it! I thought it would be smaller but my projects fit perfectly inside! I even throw in some o f my other skeins of yarn. It has a pocket for your scissors and crochet hooks, it's super practical. I definitely recomend it! :D"
"Bought this item as a gift and the recipient loved it, especially how it has the added part for the needles and that you can use it without having to take out the thread."
"I take this to the City (on the train) whenever I go. This is the BEST product for all of your needs. It fits my crochet projects as well as my wallet and other personal items.  Everything fits inside of this wonderful ""drum"", even my purchases from the day.  I love the roomy-ness of this product, the colors (I bought two), as well as the small bag w/ clip that comes with the purchase (I keep my crochet hooks and scissors in it).  There are openings across the top, to allow for easy access, so that one can work on projects during travel."
"I love this yarn drum. I find that My yarns for a project fits perfectly into the Drum. I love that the Drum has 4 openings for letting yarn flow out. So far, I used two yarns and it was so great not to have the yarns mingle and getting into knots which was a pain to untangle.  What I also like is that I can make the drum smaller to about half of its heights which I.prefer for traveling.

I also love the added outside pocket and the hooked on little tote where I keep my accessories such as  stitch holders, Markers, cable needles, measuring tape and scissors, Plus whatever else I need for my knitting goes into there. I am tickled pink to finally have this Knitting Drum and all of my yearn now is no longer visible when company arrives.."
I have this in Raspberry and I love it!  It holds all of my skeins for multiple projects.  I was keeping them in a plastic bin.  This is so much better because its portable.  Its a pretty good size but that;s what i like about it.  Great buy if you are looking for a functional storage for your skeins.
I'm am just getting started and found this a great way to organize my projects.  I can be working on one while storing one or more others.  It was very helpful in keeping my yarn untangled especially when working with multiple balls of yarn at once.
"This drum is very nice. It has pockets to put patterns, a pouch for crochet hooks and is easily carried with the strap or handle."
great when travelling all things fit great dose not take up to much room when with other people good choice
This product works very well keeping my lovely golden retriever's hair from getting in the yarn. The main problem I find is that the sides are not as sturdy and collapse at times.
"This drum is perfect for holding your yarn while you are mid project.  Put the yarn in it, I have 5 in there, poke a strand out and you can take it anywhere.  I love it."
Great portability and accessibility. Really good for knitting while traveling. Easy to stow when not used. Very satisfied with it.
"i bought it for my daughter,  She loves it alot . It hold everthing she needs.  A very good purchase."
"I just LOVE my yarn drum! It is great for storing my yarn, needles and other crocheting supplies I may use!  I even bought my sister one for her birthday and she loved it!"
I love this bag..It is perfect for my needs. It is roomy inside and the slots in the cover allow me to knit in peace without my yarn rolling all over the place. I love the pouch on the handle so my tools that I need occasionaly and not every minute have a resting place that I can easily reach. I got the pink bag. I use knitting looms and all of my looms except the really big round one and the really long ones fit in the bag along with my work in progress.
"Just bought this. It is what I was looking for as a gift for my crochet loving daughter to keep her yarns and it can be carried in the car during trips so she can comfortably crochet on any trip. And any yarn in use can easily be removed from tote through the openings on lid. I know she will love it! It has enough space for more than 6 yarns, enough room for the project and an accessory pouch for the crochet hooks."
"This yarn drum is great, also keeps my kitten from getting into trouble !! :)  I like the little pouch on the strap for holding my crochet hooks."
I love my case..i use it so faithfully cause even when I don't travel it keeps my yarn untangled and easier access to having to chase it all over the room im sitting in to knit or crochet.the only thing I didn't like was the fact its not a stiff canister..but its a great travel bag for my yarn and for me.when not in use it storeseasily in my drawer. so I guess not being a stiff canister is a good thing..lol.happy knitting crocheting!
"This is great if your on the move, and take your yarn work with you.  Everyone loves the Cute Yarn Drum, I just tell them, see Amazon."
I have seen these for a while and wanted them. But it wasn't until a gift card from my fieance that i broke down and got it. I love it it keeps my yarn and supplies organized and easy to use. I take my mom on many doctor appointments and this is easy to grab and go. Love it.
Love this bin. I like the holes on top to pull yarn through and the carry-on pouch to hold hooks and scissors. Great for traveling. I would recommend this item for any crafter.
I love this product it fits at least six to seven decent size yarn. Well worth my money n would buy again if needed
"I absolutely LOVE this Yarn Drum! I carry it every where I go.  It has holes that feeds 4 different yarns and will hold 2-3 extras. I also love the accessory bag that clips onto the outside of yarn drum.  I keep my counters, hooks and markers inside the clip-on bag. Great purchase!!!"
"I love mine. Makes traveling with my crochet projects so easy.  It is durable, pretty and practical.  I definately would suggest this to anyone who takes their projects with them!!!!!"
Love it! It was just what I was looking for! Just the right size for my project I'm working on.
Simply love it. Will be getting a 2nd one for my daughter. Holds all the yarn being used in the blanket being crocheted. Holds 8 Red Heart 7 oz skeins or 4 Caron 1 lb skeins.
"This is actually my second drum. I got it for my cousin so that when we visit each other for our visiting tea and talks it will make it very easy to take our latest project with us. It's big enough, and love the pouch and front pocket. Very happy with this purchase."
Love the bag.  It will get a lot of use.  It keeps my yarn organized with lots of room for what I need.
"I just recently decided to take on crochet as a hobby.  I am a very organized person, so when I saw this product, I had to have it to keep my yarn together... I love this yarn drum!  It is roomy - holds 8 skeins I believe.  Also, has a detachable bag that is perfect size for needles, scissors, etc.  It is built well and sturdy!  Has a carry handle, as well as, a shoulder strap.  There is slits in the top that allows you to pull the yarn through as you crochet which was a nice feature I have utilized often.  Would highly recommend!"
"I have both dogs and a cat. More than once, they've gotten into a knitting project and tangled themselves up in it or run off with it. This bin holds yarn and lets you pay it out through the top. You can actually have more than one project going it it. And the zip accessory bag keeps crochet hook, darning needles, tubes of beads, needle gauge, counter right at hand and neatly together. I can move around the house (from den, to office, to bedroom) with the tote and continue my knitting or bring it along to work for lunch time break or to a doctor's office.

The yarn is dispensed through the top of the bag. There are two slits, with rounded eyelets on the ends, all edges covered with a smooth tape for snag-free flow of your yarn. The slits let you insert your hand without zipping open the top. There is a mesh pocket on the side, where you could keep a pattern handy. The bottom is made of a plastic that looks waterproof to keep the bag dry inside, in case you place it on a damp deck or table outside.

There is a zip case that hangs from the side and this is handy for needles, especially double point needles, and all the small accessories that are hard to keep track of, like a row counter, measuring tape, stitch markers and beads in ziploc bags. This way, you don't have to rummage around the big bag for small items.

The periwinkle color is cheerful. To keep it from collapsing when I am using small balls of yarn (for lace or socks) I put in a sleeve of some cardboard to keep it rigid. That's the only flaw--the empty bag tends to collapse, but it stays up with lots of contents or just insert a cardboard sleeve. If you knit on a deck or with pets around, or like to take along projects in the car or on trips, this is a very well-designed project bag."
"This purchase was to keep my kitty away from yarn balls; however, it is so large and holds not only your yarn ball but instruction books for your project and other skeins of yarn. It's so easy to carry with the shoulder strap. I just love it. One of my better purchases from Amazon."
"If you have cats, and yarn, this is for you.  It keeps it safe from their paws and mouth while you work and stores it safely, too.  Haven't used it to cart my projects around yet, but I remember a lady at church always brought hers in."
I bought mine after seeing a friends and I knew it would be perfect I can keep several projects handy in one spot
I bought this for a friend she saw mine and wanted one to and we both love them a lot
"If you work with a group or just want to keep your project yarn all in one place, buy this yarn drum. I work with a Prayer Shawl ministry. We often pass a shawl between us; many hands make for little work. It's also nice to know a bunch of people from the church worked on your shawl. It's a community effort and act of love for and by many people. This drum holds all of the tools and yarn, as well as the finished item, needed for one project. The mesh on the front of the drum can hold instructions. It travels well and keeps the project clean. Very handy for Shawl Ministry. Very reasonably priced. Thanks ArtBin."
"I just started crocheting in January.  This is a great bag for storage of yarn (keep it away from the dog), and for travel."
I do like this but wish it were more standup.  Saw that as a complaint from several folks.  I agree its a problem because it collapses unless full.  Great size but that is the problem.  Husband is going to fit it with some cardboard to help it stand
"Love this item -- it is a good-looking, very useful and well made ""drum"" that holds a lot of yarn when/if you take your needlework along with you.  All aspects of this purchase were extremely good.  I do recommend this highly."
Pretty simple but effective in keeping yarn tangle free.  Wife loves it.....I think I may have scored a point or two with this one!
"Exactly what I was looking for!  Holds up to 8 skeins at a time, pockets, zipper case and strap. Perfect for keeping your yarn off the floor when you are working!  I love it"
"I bought this for my increasingly knit-happy wife for Christmas. While it isn't enough room for her entire collection of equipment, it is perfect for car rides or a few days away, as she can keep what she needs for one or two projects with her. Lots of colors to choose from, and thus far it has proved durable."
"It's a tight fit, but it will hold six skeins of Super Saver Yarn and allow for the yarn to feed through the top.  When I first opened it, I thought it was far too small and wouldn't do what I wanted, but now that I've been using it on an 8 skein project, I'm thrilled with it and find it does the job way better than I expected.  I haven't traveled with it, but the accessory case seems like it would hold your hooks, clippers and a few other odds and ends.  Probably wouldn't hold your pattern though.  All in all, I'm very pleased with this item and would recommend it.  My only gripe, and why it doesn't get 5 stars is the color.  I'd rather it came in something much more neutral like black or gray, raspberry just clashes with everything, including most yarns."
The yarn drum is large enough to hold most projects. Keeps you well organized. Don't loose your needles by accident  anymore.
"I was surprised, but it really does fit up to 8 full skeins of yarn. Just feed the starting yarn through one of the 4 holes at the top (really 2 bigger holes you can fit your work or the whole skein through if needed) and go to town. The pouch holds most of my needles, and other stuff that gets lost like darning needles and chain needles."
I have several skeins stored in this drum and am knitting a fair-isle sweater - the yarns stay separated and I can access them through the openings with no problems.  Love it!
Holds my yarn so it doesn't unravel while using it and I can do multiple projects and not get the yarn tangled.  Wish there was an option to choose colors as I don't favor the lavender as much as I would a darker color just because it shows all the dirt and wear with a lighter color.  I already need another one for my next sweater project.
"I absolutely love this tote...I can put a lot more than the recommended skeins in there for either knitting or crocheting. I've drug it with me everywhere I've went. It holds not only the color I'm working with, but plenty of extras for the next project. It is even big enough that I can put my folder of patterns right inside the bag with several skeins of yarn. Oh, and it also goes through the wash well...I managed to slop some coffee on the top and it had stained before I noticed it...threw it right in the washer with some others items and then to the dryer...came out stain free and all intact....great purchase!"
"The drum hold decent amount of yarn.  Its great for keeping animal fur out of the yarn while working on it.  You can just pull the yarn up through the slot and begin working.  The handle, and strap make it easy to take places.  I love mine so much, I ordered my mother one as well for her to keep her stuff in."
This is a perfect bag to hold all my crocheting supplies.  Like others I did add plactic sheets to the inside to make it stand up on its own.  The extra pouch fits my needles perfectly. Its great for taking supplies with you.
"My granddaughter says this is great. She now has a better way to carry her knitting without dropping it, and messing up what she has worked on."
Great for on-the-go knitters in knitting circles. It is convenient and a really nice color. It made a great gift!
I can carry my crocheting with me everywhere now that I have a way to work on projects without taking the yarn out of the bag.  I wish there were a couple  of pockets on it though.
This is wonderful.  Just the right size to take anywhere. Holds about 8 skeins.  Holds just about anything you want to put in it to take along and crochet
My step-mother knits all the time.  So I got her this bag to help move her yearn around easier.  She loves it.
"Started crocheting again, and found it necessary to get something to hold my yarn.
This bag fit the bill.  Love the fact that the yarn can be used right through the slot in the bag.  Color is very pretty also
Thank you for a quality product at a fair price"
The only problem with this is that it is soft sided and when you do not have enough yarn in the drum the top collapses. :(
Gave this to my sister and she really likes it. Says it is a great way to keep her yarn and whatever crochet monster she is working on neat and manageable
"Oh my goodness, it carries your supplies with you even at the airport when your flight is late and you are bored. thanks"
"My daughter loves this, I bought her two!  I am the proud owner of a twelve foot long authentic Tom Baker scarf because of this purchase.  It works great and she uses it all the time.  The price was right, delivery was prompt.  On a side note I ordered one, two arrived and I paid for both.  Glad I did"
Love love love it! Very fun and functional. I just flew with mine and was a fantastic way to carry the yarn for my trip project. Easy to keep things organized (which is not easy for me) and a great size to carry with you. Bought on as a gift and received mine for Valentine's day!
I use round looms to make hats for charity.  The looms will not fit in outside pocket.  Still trying to figure out a solution.
"This product is a great way to keep your yarn organized, in one place, and out of the reach of little hands or paws. It also makes it easy to travel with knitting projects. Great product."
"I wanted a bag to keep my yarn and crochet supplies in while I work on a project. Most bags I found were for sewing and had little compartments that I didn't need. This bad is great because it's just a big open bag. I love the little pouch for keeping small things in, such as crochet hook, scissors, and yarn needles. I like the pouch on the outside for putting my phone or whatever little things I'm carrying around with me. And I love the handle and shoulder strap, I use them both. If the bag is not full, it collapses in on itself because it is soft and does not hold its shape, but I actually like that it doesn't take up all that extra space if it doesn't need to. But I took off a star because when that happens, the slits on the top open up because they are so big, and I worry that the stuff inside could get dirty. It defeats the purpose of having a lid, if it's going to stay open. I wish the slits had zipper or snap to keep them closed."
"This is very nice to carry yarn. Now I don't have to worry about have a ball of yarn in my purse, giving it a tug, and having the ball come out of my purse and roll across the floor.  It has a pouch for you to put all your hooks, needles, and scissors, so you don't have to dig around the bottom of the bag hoping to find the right hook.  If the bag isn't full of yarn, it won't stand upright - use it as an excuse why you need more yarn."
I was able to put 8 skeins of yarn in this bag. I like the fact that all my yarn for my project was able to be in one place.  Convenient mesh pocket in the front holds my crochet hooks.
"Looking forward to using this on my next crocheting project.  The only drawback I see to this item is that it does not have individual holes to thread each color inside the drum through, but I can work with that."
"I choose five stars because this was the kind of carrier I was looking for! I have six skeins of 6oz yarn in it so far and my crochet book, it still has room for more. I love the black bag that attaches to the main bag, great for carrying all my crochet hooks. I can carry it as a duffle bag or by the handle on top. The four nickle size slits on the top makes it easy to work with several strands of yarn at once! It does collapse with no yarn in it, but that is normal and should not be a complaint, it simply makes the bag easy to store away when not in use. I recommend this bag to anyone who travels or simply likes to sit at the park and crochet! I love it and so does everyone else who see's my bag!!"
"I would highly recommend this bag to anyone who crochets or knits. It's the perfect bag to take when you are traveling, as well as working on projects from home. The extra little bag is perfect for holding the odds and ends that come with making projects. The drum is quite large and holds a lot of yarn, as well as your actual project. I absolutely love the slits in the top that are perfect for working on projects where you use multiple strands of yarn. It makes it so easy!

As others have said, if you do not have enough yarn, it does collapse, but I find this a minor inconvenience. Highly recommend!"
I love this tote! It holds SO much and makes it so easy and convenient to hold everything you need for your project in one place! I'm enjoying it so much I'm about t get another one!
"all in all a great bag to have on the go and store my hooks and needles, but i wish it was more stiff.. because it doesnt stand up so good when its half full."
I put this on my christmas list but no one got it for me. They sell alot of the on the website Craftsy but they always want more than $25 for them after shipping. I searched on Amazon and got mine for less than $18 after shipping and used some of the money I got for christmas. I love the bag it's very roomy and handles all my projects just as expected. When this one wears out I will buy another one.
"love it, So easy to carry my things with me plus use it as a tool when I am crocheting."
"I am working on a blanket that has 7 different skeins, and this holds all of them, not to mention the little zippered case to hold extras like my scissors, row counters, and needles. I love this!!!!"
I really like this bag. The shoulder strap is useful and i like that it can be hooked in different ways to the bag. I also like the extra pouch for accessories. The periwinkle color is nice. I can't wait to travel with this.
It not that it was bad but I just knit on the go as much as before so I haven't put it to much use.
I bought this as a Christmas present for my 80 year old grandmother who goes to a crocheting class. I figured it would be good for all of her yarn as well as her hooks and maybe her projects. It was a little larger than I thought but it does say it holds 8 skeins and it definitely does! She seems to be enjoying it and she said she likes being able to have different colors of yarn and all of her projects with her.
"Great design and construction. Fits quite a bit of yarn, along with a nice pouch for hooks and other implements. The only thing I wish is that the pouch was removable, as it adds extra bulk when carrying around."
"Sent this to someone as a gift. It was larger than either of us expected. Seems well made enough for it's purpose. Pretty color. Works well to keep the cats out of her wool. :-)
I do wish it came in a smaller size. If you are an avid crocheter or knitter with a fair bit of yarn you will be very pleased with this item."
I love this yarn tote.... I have been storing my yarn that I was working with in Wal-Mart bags.....LOL  Now I have this nice tote... It is awesome!  It's really bigger that it looks.  I have 9 skeens of yarn in it right now... Plus is has a little zipper pouch to store my crochet needles...  I highly recommend this.  I'm going to buy more in the future....
Sister-in-law knits. This was a last-minute purchase for the holiday that turned out to be a highly welcomed gift. She keeps it close by all the time. Good quality material and great price.
My wife had seen these in the local crafts store for $25. Picked this one up for $15 and she is very happy with it.
It is wonderful!  I have already filled it with eight (8) skeins of yarn for an afghan that I started over a year ago.  Highly recommend this.
"I just received this, & I love it. The periwinkle is pretty. I was not sure what it would look like since all of the pictures are pink.

Tip: if you're worried about it standing up straight while it's not full, buy two plastic placemats and staple them together to form a cylinder to line the inside."
I got this as a gift for my mother. She loves it. Takes it every where. Holds plenty of supplies.
"I ordered this in the periwinkle, which looks a little more purple than I thought it would.  (But seriously, who doesn't love purple?) It is so roomy, the strap is adjustable and the pouch on the side is separate and removable. The removable pouch is not quite large enough to hold my longer knitting needles, but is perfect for my crochet hooks. I have found that my needles fit perfectly inside the bag, so it's still perfect. It's water proof, so it does have a little bit of a plastic smell, but I imagine that over time that will fade. (It reminds me of my childhood blow up wading pools, so I don't mind it.)

I stuffed it full of yarn and my current project and there is still room. It doesn't stand on it's own, but doesn't collapse so far as to hinder my project. I guess if I wanted a yarn bin that only held one skein, than this wouldn't be ideal, but I like having the option to work on more than one project at a time (at work during lunch) and I am so pleased with the design.

I can pull the yarn out of the top to work on a project and between the two yarn holes on each side is a slit that I can shove my project down inside when it's time to go back to work. It is perfect and I love it. You can even change the orientation of the strap so you can carry it vertically or more horizontally, which I would imagine is helpful if you like to walk and yarn at the same time. ;)

All of my coworkers have complimented me on it, even the ones who don't craft or knit or draw, etc. So it has a cool factor outside of my geeky crafty opinion."
SURPRISE GIFT FOR MY CROCHETING SISTER.  SHE USES IT CONSTANTLY
"The product was as advertised, and service was excellent. It was a big hit on Christmas, and my wife uses it daily."
Purchased as a Christmas gift for an avid knitter/crocheter...absolutely loved it! I love how there is a place for everything needed.
"the only improvement would be to have more pockets.
She says she is trying to decide if she can add the pockets"
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She used to carry her crochet projects in a bag. When she opened the gift she was so excited! She loves her yarn drum, takes it everywhere she goes, says its portable, practical,convenient, and uses it like she would a purse! Im so pleased with this product, so is she. THUMBS UP! FOR SURE!"
Very easy to travel with. Yarn doesn't tangle and it won't roll around on the floor. Had made crocheting on the go easy.
"I've shopped around for a yarn storage case for my crocheting and finally found it. I love the ArtBin Drum. It stores plenty of yarn and I love the holes for the yarn to feed through while you work.  The accessory pouch fits all my hooks, my scissors and tapestry needles. Perfect!  The only thing I will say is that the walls aren't as stable as I'd wish like one of the reviewers have stated."
"It is very easy to take anywhere,like that it can hold several yarns and a place to store the needles the material is very sturdy"
These are great to keep projects organized.  I have a few of them and each one contains the yarn for each project.  It helps to keep things organized which keeps me happy and keeps my hubby happy too!
Very useful with my loom and crotchet projects. I can now easily take my yarn and a equipment with me on trips without having to worry about mess and losing things. This back is sturdy and well made.
this is great! We bought this for my mother-in-law for Christmas. It holds several scants of yarn as well as hooks in the pouch. Now my mother-in-law doesn't have to tote her yarn around in a grocery bag! :)
Great Product. Exactly what I expected. Although my wife and I were a little put off by the warning label.
"I received the yarn drum for Christmas.  I travel often and this is going to be perfect when I'm working on projects and want to take all of my supplies with me.  I love the color, and I can't wait to stuff it with yarn!  :)"
"Bought this for my sister for Christmas. She wanted something to help store her overgrowing knitting collection, an that would help prevent her yarn from tangling. I believe she loves it so far. Great for beginners."
"Holds quite a few balls of yarn.  I was using a duffle bag, this is much nicer and user friendly."
my daughter loves for her knitting projects. it holds everything in a cute convenient bin. if i had one complaint it collapses easily if not enough stuff in it. but thats natural for collapsible nylon bag lol so no complaint cause i knew that when i bought it.
Huge!  Can fit several giant skeins.  Only problem is that it didn't come with the pictured strap.  So transporting is awkward.
Much larger than expected.  Will hold two one pounders and a 7 oz skein at once.  Comes collapsed but when filled it is fine.
"I bought this when I was making an afghan that required color changes. It worked pretty well, but the yarn did get tangled once in awhile. If I had used yarn ""sleeves"" or a piece of old nylon stocking around the skeins, it probably would have worked much better. The nice thing about it is you can reach into the slot and remove the yarn without cutting it. Now that I have purchased yarn sleeves, I will no doubt use it more often."
"I would have liked it better if it was divided into ""bins"" or sections to separate the balls/skeins of yarn."
"I have had many different totes and bags for my crafts, but none I like as much as this one.  This is actually my third one I have purchased.  I have one and have given one to two of my daughters.  It is very sturdy and holds a lot more than I thought from the picture.  The tools bag that hangs off the handle is so convenient.  I crochet and this is the perfect tote to keep my projects in.  I have had many compliments on this tote when I take it with me to work on my project while waiting for an appointments.  I hope they come out with even more colors.  I have two more daughters I want to teach to crochet.  These totes would also be great for hand quilters, knitters, etc."
"It's really ingenious, and works well but if you have big bundles then sometimes the strings get caught inside the bag, and if the yarn balls are too big when you pull more string out they get stuck on each other and cause more of a hassle."
I thought the bag would be able to stand up on its own. It just looks limp and sad.  It does what its suppose to do.  So internal pockets would be nice.
"I ordered this and the following is my review;

Shipping & Delievery: Had it sent to my PO Box with no problems, very fast delievery (within a week of ordering). Came in a large box, plastic wrapping and included the inside description of item. (New)

Item: Color of item is not true. Color shown here is lighter, item is close to a burgendy shade which us darker than picture, closer to the red color. Material is strong like a duffle bag type, zipper is durable and opens 360 degrees. Hanging pouch is also made of same material and fits crochet needles and stuff smaller than the needles without problems. Case is large and the openings on the top of the lid are open from one hole to another so small balls of yarn can easliy fit through the hole if you choose to take them out to work separate from the bag. BAG DOES NOT STAND STRAIGHT UP SINCE SIDES ARE SOFT SO IT WILL COLLAPSE IF YOU DO NOT FILL IT WITH SUFFICIENT YARN. The mesh pocket on the outside is big enough to fold your pattern and possible hold a stitch counter.

All in all, very good and a welcomed addition to my collection. I even use it around the house to keep my cats, cat hair and dust from getting into my work."
Got for my Knitting sister.  Now she can keep your supplies organized.  No more mess.  Could be a bit bigger but still very good.  Product was made well and durable.
I recent started knitting and I didn't realize how big the bag is it can hold 4 or 5 large balls of yarn plus there is a place for your needles.
"Things l like, it's size and the handle to carry it.  I like the openings at the top. I like the color and it's put together well.

What I don't like is that it's not sturdy enough on the sides to stand up on it's own!!  I thought I'd get used to this or that it wouldn't matter.  Well I found that for me, it does matter.  I think it needs some kind of internal support to hold up the sides."
I have many bags and this one is ALL-AROUND PERFECT!  Yarn stays clean inside bag and feeds through the holes while I crochet.  It has lots of room and is easily transportable.  I couldn't love this bag anymore than I do!!
"Works to store yarn. Kind of hard to use with the slots, yarn gets tangled inside, but nice idea. Would recommend"
Holds quite a bit of yarn without being too big or heavy. Perfectly portable and am able to travel with it.
"I really like this!  It keeps my yarn balls from tangling with each other.  i also like the slot at the top for feeding the yarn thread as I use it.  My yarn balls no longer need to be chased across the floor, nor do I have to look like the bag lady using grocery bags to carry my projects with me.  The pouch on the side is great for holding my tape measure and small pair of scissors.  It keeps everything handy and I no longer have the constant fuss with trying to keep things together."
The yarn fits in perfect.. I used the pound yarn and it 3 fits. The pocket holds all your needles and the construction of bag is excellent
everthing i need to take with me to my knitting class will fit into the yarn drum and i don't have to carry a lot of bags everything fits in one case.
This bag is perfect for my crochet projects. Easy to take to my yarn club. There is a place for everything. I love the yarn feed through the top of the bag so it doesn't get tangled. The exterior pouch is handy for easy access to tools.
"I love this little bag. it is perfect for my crochet and knit projects. I purchased the Raspberry one and have considered purchasing different colors for different projects. I find that, more often than not, I use it more like a normal bag and do not to pull the yarn through the top. Although, it is nice to have that option when waiting at the doctors office or something like that."
"I bought this little portable drum for a new knitter who has limited space.  I think it will suit her because she is just getting started.  But for someone who is a little more advanced with more tools, it is just for yarn storage.  The little pocket in the front is really not that useful.  If there had been pockets inside, it would have made it more versatile."
"On this picture it looks like pink, but calls raspberry. I was very disappointed, because it comes in ugly raspberry and I don't like this color. Sorry."
Perfect for what I need. Lifted yarn up into a more neat and organized fashion. Arrived exactly when was specified.
I am a crocheter who likes to take my projects with me.  I love the fact that I can carry multiple skeins of yarn in it.  As well as big projects like afghans (which I love to make).  I had read the reviews about it collapsing when not full.  I have had that happen. I have no issue with it.  It keeps all of my supplies together too-which is a bonus.
"This item would be perfect for me if it wasn't collapsible.  I didn't notice when ordering, and I thought the sides were solid and would stand upright.  It will stand upright when it is full of yarn.  I did order Periwinkle and it arrived in a different color, but that didn't bother me.  I do love the convenience and price.  This product will help me a great deal each week when I travel to my crochet group by keeping all I need in one container and in order."
"My mom is a knitter -like doesn't pay attention to you because she's knitting type knitter.  She loved this and said she always wanted one, but didn't want to buy one for herself.  She travels to see the grandkids and it's easy for her to grab and thow in the car knowing all she needs to knit will be inside."
This is exactly what I needed for a knitting bag.  We have a motorhome and travel and this is perfect to put knitting projects in and take along.
I absolutely love my yarn drum. The only 2 things that I'd change about it Is the little pocket could use a zipper & if there were some kind of support inside it to hold it up
Love the bag.  Great for transporting my knitting projects.  Keeps everything I need for the project clean and secure while I travel.
This was the greatest bag. It hold all my yarn for my projects. It has enough space for my yarn needles and patterns. The handy carrying strap made this bag even better. I am a beginner knitter and this bag helped my yarn from unrolling while I was knitting. I always get asked where did I get this neat spacious bag from.
"This drum is very roomy on the inside with grommets/slots at the top to accommodate four skeins of yarn, but you could easily store six skeins in the drum.  There is an outside pocket for patterns, hooks, etc. as well as a separate detachable pack to hold your hooks, needles and accessories.  The shoulder strap that comes with the bag allows you to hold the drum either upright, or more across your hip like a traditional purse.  The material is a sort of canvas and the entire bag is very well made and sturdy.  I have two in use at any time.  A really pleasant surprise at a very decent price."
I am not sure how this work for yarn storage. I am currently using it as a travel ferret house. Works great. Just needs a drain hole in the bottom. Ferret loves it
"Its perfect for a trip, You can carry your yarn, needles, and accessories that need. Cant wait to use on my beach trip."
"This bag works great.  Fits about 8 skeins of yarn.  Easy access on the top.
Also, two ways to carry which is great."
I absolutely love this bin. Great for smaller projects on the go. Might not fit bigger projects if is full of yarn.
"My wife enjoys crocheting and knitting while we travel and found this tool bag to be of great value.  Prior to this she would stuff it all in an oversized purse which inevitably ends up out of the bag, loose in the car or at the ultimate destination, and in a state where she has to redo some of her work.  Now everything has a home and it stays there."
"Just what I needed. It is roomy. Has extra pockets. Fits all my yarn I need for a project, Easy handle for carrying."
"This is an excellent product to keep my project from being all over my living room.  However, it does not hold 8 skeins of yarn it holds five at best but love the product either way."
"This thing is the best thing I have purchased as far as yarn supplies go...it's bigger than I expected, I currently have it packed with 2 1-pounders and 3 7-oz. The side pocket is perfect for yarn bobbins, patterns and other items. It also has a detachable zipper pocket that would hold hundreds of hooks or other misc items. I would recommend this for anyone who enjoys yarn projects, I used it at home and when I'm out and about."
"I really wish it was alittle bigger, I guess I have way to much yarn to hold in this container"
"This yarn drum allows you to store your yarn inside and pull out the ends through the top so you can easily knit with several strands or colors without tangling.  The only problem (and it's a minor one) is that once your creation gets too large it cannot be put into the drum, making the setup less portable.  However, if you usually are making smaller items, they can easily be put into the drum with the yarn.  You just have to be careful when zipping it closed not to zip into the connecting strands of yarn."
"This yarn drum allows you to store your yarn inside and pull out the ends through the top so you can easily knit with several strands or colors without tangling.  The only problem (and it's a minor one) is that once your creation gets too large it cannot be put into the drum, making the setup less portable.  However, if you usually are making smaller items, they can easily be put into the drum with the yarn.  You just have to be careful when zipping it closed not to zip into the connecting strands of yarn.  Also, the ""raspberry"" color is much darker than shown in the picture."
"The size is large enough to hold yarn, medium sized books and needle sets.  The front pocket and the attachable pouch round it out for storing accessories.  It is well priced for the quality of construction."
"told to give to good will or nursing home, they sent new one. now they want original back...so do I send mine and pay for nothing or attempt to take it away from the little lady who was so excited about it at the nursing home????"
This is well made and keeps my yarn for the projects I'm working on all together and very organized. No more  tangled yarn in a tote box !!. I only have one suggestion for the manufacturer. Instead of  having the yarn come out the top slots it would be nice to have a series of round grometed holes in the top to thread each individual yarn color through.
"I'm a crocheter (just learning to knit too) and I've been looking for a good yarn storage solution for awhile. My stash is usually kept in plastic containers, but current project yarn usually got shoved into one of those reusable shopping bags. It just wasn't cutting it anymore. My cats love my yarn. I don't love that they love my yarn, though. :)

The cats would dig into the bag and drag the yarn all over, tangling it. There'd be a lot of digging around for my hooks, scissors, stitch markers, etc. when they'd get tossed in, and when I'd take my yarn with me to my monthly crochet meet-up, it'd all roll around in the car or fall out at the meet-up.

Then, I found this! It's a very generous size. I have about six or seven skeins stuffed in it right now with plenty of room. My hooks with their case slide nicely into the mesh pocket. It zips up very nicely so none of the yarn falls out or rolls around when I'm working with it, and the pocket on the side is perfect for keeping scissors, stitch markers, a yarn cutter, extra hooks that don't have their own case, stitch counters, and other odds and ends.  It's very roomy. I also have room to stick a book or patterns in with the yarn often enough.

I really like that it has four holes to pull the yarn through the drum. My husband also crochets off and on, and when he goes to the crochet meet-up with me, we can easily share this bag while working on our own projects.

The strap makes it very nice to sling over your shoulder and carry around, and the little handle on top is also nice for picking it up and moving it around the house.

I see a lot of project bags that go for a lot more money, but I think this one is truly the best value. It's very practical with sturdy and durable fabric. The plastic bottom is also a big benefit, because it's easy to just brush off clean if you set it in something yucky inadvertently.

It helps keep me organized, and I haven't had a skein of yarn stolen by my kitties since I've started using it!"
"I was looking for something to carry small crochet projects- booties, hats, scarves, individual granny squares. I liked being able to thread my yarn through the top of the bag. The bag can stay closed, keeping the yarn in one place and safe from my beagles. I love the attached gadget bag; I was always misplacing my hook and scissors bag or it was falling out of the sack I was using as a tote.

The only reason I don't give this bag five stars is because it has no internal dividers. If the manufacturer would include a set of dividers, the bag would be perfect; however, I easily made a set using plastic canvas.

As for those who have complained about a chemical or ""plastic"" smell, the bag smells like a pair of brand new athletic shoes(no doubt from the PVC on the bottom of the bag)."
"I've only used this drum for a couple of days but I already see how good of a purchase this was. I am working with 5 colors and they all fit in the drum. And a couple of them are caron one pounders so they really take in a lot of room. The little baggy on the side is also really nice. I just stuff in my clippers, hook and stitch mark. The ends of the yarn come out of the top and I have no problems with entangling or anything. I do start my skeins form the ends though, so it usually comes out smooth. The only small annoyance I've had is my yarn getting stuck in the pull tab for the zipper. It comes out easy though but it's weird how it makes it's way in there sometimes. I got this at joanns for 10 dollars. (20 dollars plus 50% coupon) so this was a nice cheap awesome buy."
"I purchased this for a friend who is a knitter and crocheter, she absolutely loves this bag it allows her to take her work with her everywhere she goes. She likes that it holds many skeins of yarn and give access to all of them without pulling out the individual skeins. This is a must for the traveling knitter or crocheter."
"I like this a lot, but had to reinforce the sides with some cardboard as it didn't stay up ""straight"" without it."
"I love this bag, it holds quite a bit of yarn and the holes in the top for the yarn to come through are nice.  I enjoy this and it makes it easy to take my crocheting with me."
"I received this today in the mail.  I love it.  It doesn't hold much.  I'm working on a baby blanket using 2 1 pound skeins of carin natura.  Its kind of tight when I put the 2 skeins and the blanket.  I have to fold the blanket in order for everything to fit.  No matter, I'd order again.  :)  I love the fact that it comes with a carry strap.  So you can take your knitting anywhere, so no more getting your yarn hairy and dirty."
The size is just right to hold yard and knitting tools for small projects. The portability makes it nice for on the go as I can just grap my project and take it with me. Being able to zip it up so items don't fall out and my cats cannot get to a project are a plus. I did find a small bucket to put inside to give it better stability for standing. The strap allow me to put it over my shoulder if I have other items to carry.
"I really like the yarn drum that I got it holds a lot of yarn and my book and it is big enough to hold what I am making, I love the little pouch now I never loose my hooks or scissors it's fantastic"
"Was better than expected. Super, great.  Holds all my yarn, needles instructions for my project.  Plus room for scissors, measuring tape, needlemaster and more.  Wish I had bought it much sooner."
"This ArtBin is a wonderful idea. It has helped me keep my knitting projects neat and together. You will not regret buying this thing. It doesn't hold its shape on its own, but it is made of sturdy materials."
"I wish they had these in better colors, but the drum for my daughter's yarn is wonderful.  She's a bit of a prodigy knitter, but is a massive messer.  Now she has something that works much better than a mere tote bag.  This is solid fabric, well constructed, and she really likes the pouch on the strap.  I've wished her backpacks in the past were so well made.  I've given her hatboxes, tote bags, made her a sewing basket, etc, but this is the organizer that will work.  Now they need to make a sort of pouch or messenger bag/laptop cover shaped case for putting a reasonable sized piece of knitting-in-progress in.  Something protective and thick but breathable."
I crochet all the time.  I'd been looking for a bag to transport materials without getting them all mixed up.  This bag is excellent as it is large enough to hold everything I need when I'm away from home.
"This is a good storage container for yarn that is being used for projects.  I was hoping it would hold a bit Mir yarn than it does, but it works.  Easy to take with you wherever you go.  I even took it on an airplane with ease."
"I like these so much, I have 3 of them.  They hold about 8 regular size skeins of yarn and there is a small container for other things.
On top, there is a slot so you can knit with the yarn in the drum.  Keeps it in place and free from small children and pets. This is perfect to have all the yarn for a project in a place together and so easy to get to. I imagine that I may buy another one or two in the future."
"I teach a crochet class and I was so thrilled to come across this bag!  It is very roomy and I love that you can feed your yarn through the top.  The side pouch comes in handy so that you can easily put the hooks of your current project so that it is easily accessible.

The down side:  knitting needles will not fit in the side pouch (they do fit in the main compartment).

Would recommend.  Shipping was quick and easy!"
This yarn drum is a little larger than I expected but it works perfectly for traveling with my projects.  It's large enough to hold plenty of yarn as well as my project.  And I love the way the yarn can feed out the top without opening it.  Keeps all my supplies safely inside!
"I've been crocheting for years and have used various types of bags to tote my projects around.  None of them have been able to compare to the Yarn Drum.  For one, it has a lot more room inside than I expected (a huge plus), is made of materials that will protect the contents, has two slats on the top for easy access to yarn, and comes with a convenient shoulder sling.  I also enjoy the little bag that is attached.  It can hold small needles, crochet hooks, scissors, or whatever else you use for your projects.

I will be ordering another drum soon, this time the hot pink one!"
This bin works perfectly for my crochet projects.  I like that I can keep my yarn neatly out of the way and access it easily while on trips.
I go to a needle and pins work shop every week. I can put everything I need into one pack. Helps me keep everything together.
"I had this for less than six months when the zipper broke. The piece works as intended, however the sides are very soft. It really has to be full of yarn to keep the skeins or balls where they'll feed the yarn well. All in all, it's good for travel and organization. Just not the quality build I had expected."
"I love it, but it collapses when empty, i had to line it with plastic canvas to hold shape, it worked !"
This is a great yarn drum.  It is great to put more that one skein in the drum and not get the yarn tangled.  Great for storing your project and carrying it to and from.  Highly recommend.
the only thing is that you really have to fill it with yarn so that it will stand.  I have 5 skeins of yarn in it (for granny squares) and it's awesome.  it sits next to my chair and i can just crochet away.
"This was reasonably priced, but it will not stand up, and keeps collapsing, making it difficult to get my yarn to spool out properly.  I thought the top would be a bit more rigid, but even the openings where the yarn comes out are very soft, so an entire ball of yarn can come out if when it gets small enough.  If you look at that black line in the picture, that is all open, just a bit stiff, with a circle at each end.  The sides collapse down quite badly and I just don't like it very well.  The little black bag for your hooks and scissors smells quite strongly of plastic, almost strongly enough to trigger a migraine.  All in all, I would not buy again.  I actually went out and found a vintage stand (though I paid more than this one cost), and am using it.  I will be donating this one or selling it, not sure which.  I would return it, but I didn't save the packaging."
I bought two of these for my daughter and she lovessssss them and her cat get into it. It keeps her organized
"I bought this for my daughter who is always working on more than one project at a time and who owns a cat who loves to help her ""organize"" her yarn. This is the perfect remedy for her and she loves it."
This product will be useful to anyone who crochets or knits. I ordered two of these in different colors. It can  be used for a project or storage. I really like this product. I sent the pink one to my Sister in Law. She called to say she likes it also.
My grand daughter started crocheting so I bought this for her to keep her projects organized.  Then of course I had to buy one for my knitting projects.  We both are styling!
"This is just a wonderful product an just absolutely love it! I even bought 2 more for using for yarn or thin balls to do dollies.l I love how keeps the thread in one place n keeps it from getting tangled or rolling around floor. So handy, just love it so much. ;0)"
"I am in love with this bag.  The slots at the top are very clever.  You can pull up to four strands of fiber through its own circular opening at a time.  But what I really love are the slots that allow you to slide your WIP inside the bag.  No more having to store a project outside of the yarn keeper!  The color is bright & cheerful.

There are a couple things to note:
1. The dimensions are accurate as described.  It's small if you are making an afghan & large for a sock project.  The handle & strap are sturdy & comfortable.  I find it very convenient for transporting my projects to different locations.
2. There are no side supports.  This bag will collapse if you don't have something tall inside.  I keep a full skein that I haven't started using yet.  Works very well for me."
A co-worker had this and I asked her where she got it and she told me about Amazon.  I passed this information to my best friend in MD.  I love it.  To keep my projects in one location and my cats won't be attacking it.
This will be handy to use when working on a project.  When I ordered it I  thought  the sides were hard.  Instead they collapse unless yarn is in the drum.  I am glad to have it.
This is just a bag - nothing special. I thought there would be dividers between the yarn skeins or something - but no. Just a bag. And it smells like plastic so bad that I'm afraid to put my yarn in it! So disappointed. Considering returning it. Do I really need just another bag?
"This is a great size for toting around your knitting or crocheting, but I haven't used it yet.  I'm still airing it out.  It came tightly compressed and packaged in plastic.  The bag itself is some kind of plastic type material...but seems sturdy.  The problem was the smell.  No way would I put yarn in it..yet.  It's been a week or so and the smell has mostly disappeared.  I am sure it will come in handy and make needle work 'on the move' much easier."
The Art Bin is great for my crocheting projects.  It's nice to have all of the colors of yarn used in one location. It keeps the cats from sneaking off with my yarn if I walk away for a few minutes.
"I didn't get the color i ordered but it didn't bother me, doesn't hold too much yarn but at least now i don't have bags of them in my closet. I use the pouch to hold all my needles so thoses aren't all over the house. I gave 4 stars only because i wish it was a little bit bigger, other than thati'm considering purchasing a second one."
I love this yarn drum! It is extremely handy when I'm working on a project that requires more than one skein of yarn. You can feed the yarn right through the top.
This is a great help for my knitting experience. It keeps my grandkids out of my yarn bag. Can't tell you how many times I have been unraveled by them!
"The yarn drum has fully met all my expectations, and has made transporting my yarn much easier. I highly recommend it to any crafter who wants to take their projects on the go :)"
"I bought this bag at a craft store 2 months ago to use for yarn storage, but it has proven to be the project bag I take with me when knitting at a friend's house or traveling. It is roomy enough to store several skiens of yarn and the supplies and notions needed for my projects. The adjustable clip on shoulder strap is nice to use, but sometimes I just unclip the strap and just use the handle on the top of the bag. The small  black zip up storage pouch that comes with this yarn bag, is nice to keep my siscors, pen, post-it notes, stich markers and other small knitting tools at hand. This bag is weather resistant and light weight. I have gotten many compliments on it from my friends who knit. Try it, you'll like it."
"I am very happy with my yarn bag. Great for knitting with more than one strand of yarn. Love the color, i had to recover it from my granddaughters. They wanted it for their dolls. Great price as well."
"I use this to carry my yarn and keep things organizer. I carry it witih me every where I go that I might be sitting for a while. Park with the kids, Dr.'s office."
"Is light and easy to carry.  Yarn does not get tangle.  However, the bag goes limp unless you have enough yarn in it to keep it looking like the picture."
"I bought this bag so I didn't have to put the yarn for my project in a grocery bag and take it here and there.  This bag is great, it holds 6 skeins comfortably, has a pocket for my hooks.  I am very pleased and would highly recommend this.  It will be great to put in the car and travel with this summer, I can't wait.  Won't take up as much room and very organized."
My sister is hard to buy for. One day I noticed her knitting laying out across a chair while she was shooing the cat away who was very interested in her yarn. I found this on Amazon and she loved it. What a clever gadget!
"This product is great to have all my crochet supplies with me, and have enough room to store my current project. I can carry it along anywhere and feel productive wherever I go. I especially like that the top not only has holes to have the yarn thread through, but the slits allow for the yarn skein/ball to be removed without cutting it. I really appreciate the durability; other products I have seen were too flimsy and would not hold up too well to ordinary wear."
"I'm a new knitter and wanted a cool carrying case to hold my gear, keep me organized, and to look like I know what in doing. Perfect size and color (periwinkle)."
Love this product.  I appreciate the feature that I can leave it zipped up and just pull the yarn strand through the top holes. It's made very well and was an excellent price. Great gift idea for people who love to crochet or knit.
"I love this bag, holds lots of yarn and is easy to get to the yarn when crocheting.  I would highly recommend this bag."
"I am very pleased with this storage item for my yarns. I crochet blankets that become 5-foot by 6-foot in size and the bin holds the four or five colors I usually have for them. It will hold up to five of the larger seven-ounce skeins I often use. It also has a small pouch for holding scissors, needles, and crochet hooks, and it is detachable. There is also a side pouch of netting that is made of material that grips whatever is placed inside. Very handy."
"I am very pleased with this storage item for my yarns. I crochet blankets that become 5-foot by 6-foot in size and the bin holds the four or five colors I usually have for them. It will hold up to five of the larger seven-ounce skeins I often use. It also has a small pouch for holding scissors, needles, and crochet hooks, and it is detachable. There is also a side pouch of netting that is made of material that grips whatever is placed inside. Very handy."
This makes my crotcheting so much more organized. And I ordered it in periwinkle which is very pretty. It arrived in a timey manner and was in good condition.
Love it.  Holds multiple skeins of yarn easily with 4 holes in the top to feed yarn through for color work.  Keeps yarn from getting tangled.  Wish I'd had this years ago.
"If you knit or crochet, this bag will help you keep all your needs together in one place. It is nice looking and light weight."
"I like the fact that it is portable and I have been taking with with me.  the only drawback is I don't have enough room in it for my afghans that I am working on.  It holds the yarn fine and I like the holes on top to work out of.  It would be nice to have a pocket on the outside to hold the item your working on though.

I would buy another one just for the ease of holding enough yarn and the fact it goes with me easily."
This is very handy with the pouch to carry needles and tape measure. Holds several skeins and easy to carry
"I bought this as a nice place to keep my yarn, and had also seen that it was nice to keep your yarn in it while knitting.  The package arrived on time and I really like it!  It's bigger than I thought but that's great because I wanted to be able to put a decent amount of yarn in it.. also like the side pouch to put my needles in."
I bought this for my wife who is an expert knitter. I bought it with the idea in mind that she could use it while we travel but she uses it every time she knits. She said some cases she needs to or three different yarns for one project and this keeps them separated. She also has room for her different needles. If you know a knitter this is a great gift idea.
THIS YARN DRUM ARE A GOOD TOOL FOR THE KNITTERS BECAUSE HAVE THE NECESSARY TO WORK IN IT.  I SHARE IT WITH OTHERS
"I crochet daily. I have tendency to need  more than 2 colors at a time. It is good for a dr visit, trip on the road, something easy to carry. The shoulder strap is adjustable and the little bag on the side is perfect for many different hooks. The pocket in front is perfect for patterns and scissors. It will be well loved by any crafter with a hook or a needle."
Sure it stores my yarn and I can feed it through the lid so the yarn doesn't roll everywhere when I knit but I hoped the walls would be sturdier and it just flops over.
"I was looking for something to tote my knitting supplies with me.  This is exactly what I needed.  I would just say that if you're knitting something big, like a quilt, that would have to be carried separately.  I would definitely recommend it to my craft friends."
I love it! There is nothing else to say! This ArtBin Yarn Drum is just what I wanted and now I am happy  :-)
"I never use it anymore because jewel bags work just as good and are a little more convenient, but for sticking yarn in and using the hole to have slacked yarn is perfect."
"The product is very well made, and the concept of such a container/carrier for a knitting project is excellent, but this one was way too large for my purposes, and I generally knit sweaters."
"Great shipping and useful item. I travel often and use the bin all the time since I can fit my project, 2 skeins, needles and other items inside."
"I really like the size and shape of this bag!  I really had wanted a basket but couldn't find any with a lid and was very pleased with this instead.  It is rather large and holds everything I need including yarn, hooks, and instructions magazine and tons of room to spare.  I also like that it has the holes in the top to feed the yarn through.  Very pleased!"
"Very roomy, keeps yarn organized.  Great for projects on the go!.  Would recommend to any one who likes their projects close at hand and looking neat!"
The first one I'm making a baby blanket.  This one is for a sweater.  I have index cards in the mesh pocket so I know which project is which.  The strap is a godsend.  It makes carrying it so easy.
The color is perfect and I can carry all over the house and cats can't get into it.  The little outer bag helps to keep all my stitch marker handy plus I can tell which project I'm working on just by looking at the mesh pocket. I put an index card in it and it has the project written on it!
I'm really enjoying this product.  It's large capacity holds all the skeins for my project and it has the extra slots for supplies.
This is perfect for crocheters or knitters.  It was particularly useful when I was crocheting a blanket using three different years at once.  There are four holes in the top through which yarn can be thread.  My only issue is that there is not a lot of storage room for the project you are working on it you have it filled with yarn.
Quality is good.  Keeps the cat from stealing projects and dragging them across multiple flights of stairs. I would recommend.
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife, who recently picked up crocheting as a hobby. The periwinkle was a little more purple than the picture appears (I was going for pink-ish), but she loved it anyway. Very handy."
I have been very pleased with this purchase.  the item arrived on time even during the Christmas season. I would recommend this item.
"This is fantastic! I'm new to crocheting and was looking for away to keep my yarn away from dog hair and curious cats. This is it! It holds all the yarn for a large project like an afghan and you can pull 4 (or more I suppose) through the top at the same time which is great if you're working on something that changes colors a lot. The pouch holds my hooks, scissors and Dritz gloves. When I move from the family room to the living room I no longer have to carefully make several trips, I just grab my Yarn Drum and go! I loved it so much that I went to JoAnn Fabric and bought it in another color. If you're considering purchasing this - stop considering and do it! Great product!"
"This is fantastic! I'm new to crocheting and was looking for away to keep my yarn away from dog hair and curious cats. This is it! It holds all the yarn for a large project like an afghan and you can pull 4 (or more I suppose) through the top at the same time which is great if you're working on something that changes colors a lot. The pouch holds my hooks, scissors and Dritz gloves. When I move from the family room to the living room I no longer have to carefully make several trips, I just grab my Yarn Drum and go! I loved it so much that I went to JoAnn Fabric and bought it in periwinkle. If you're considering purchasing this - stop considering and do it! Great product!"
"I got tired wagging around heavy plastic containers or old cardboard boxes for my crochet projects.  And with a young cat in the house now, I HAVE to keep all the yarn and crochet needles put away when not in use.  The Artbin Yarn Drum just looked like a good solution.  And it is.  It's made of sturdy canvas with heavy-duty zippers and carrying straps.  It even comes with a small ""bag"" to carry needles and scissors, et al.  And it's big enough to hold quite a bit of materials, either yarn or a project in process.  Works great for me."
I needed a place to keep my yarn stash while I work on a project so it isn't out in the open and this is just wonderful.  When I bought this I had high hopes that it would be easy to use and light so I could carry it with my yarn and my projects wherever I go and it does exactly that.
"I like the round shape and roomy interior of this yarn drum.  The holes on top work very well, the yarn slides out smoothly and doesn't snag.  I was able to get a large sized skein and several smaller skeins inside.  The outside pocket is handy and it also comes with a tool pouch big enough for all my crochet hooks. I feel very organized!"
It was what I expected and of good quality. Came on time and does what I got it for .
Great product! I can work on a project and take it everywhere I go. I like the design as well and comes in handy when traveling with crochet needles and such.
"Hold what I need, easy to carry and pack when on the road.  I keep several projects available and ready to knit."
"I love this, I have a big ol' hairy dog and I quit crocheting because of all the dog hair. It keeps yarn clean and has pockets to store your crochet hooks."
Great for birthdays. Or any who loves to crochet on the go. A good gift. I think that is twenty-one words.
This is a great product. We bought it for my mom. She loves it. Perfect size. Great color. Great quality. Definitely recommend it.
"I read the reviews on this bag and wasn't sure it was going to be we
hat I wanted. it is pretty and lite, does what it says, shipped on time.
I am satisfied with my purchase."
My wife loves this receptacle for her crocheting yarns and hooks. Everything is kept in a convenient and portable container.
We got this as a gift for our aunt who knits all the time.  She loves it! great for travel.
"This is just great for keeping all the supplies I need for several projects together in one place and free from debris that maybe on my floor.  I just took it out of town, there it made me a better house guest because I had it handy to crochet and not disturb others when my early rising time was enrolled in a quiet pursuit, It smelled slightly rubbery but the scent has now disappeared."
"this is a great design. The closed top keeps the dog from destroying all my yarn when I am not looking, but I can easily pull the yarn from the top or pull the whole roll through the top if needed. The pink is not quite as dark as the picture and I gave the periwinkle to my aunt. I think the periwinkle was a nicer color, but thats totally personal preference. They are both nice."
"I purchased this bag for holding yarn.  It's a nice size for holding yarn for a project of medium size (i.e., baby blankets).  I had expected it to be larger and a little sturdier.  I do use it, but not my bag of choice."
Brought this for my sister for Christmas and she loves it. Her friends also want one.  I guess I will be buying some more.
"I love this item!  The picture made me think that the hook holder was built into the strap, but it's not.  It's really cute and will get TONS of use!"
Super handy! Was a great gift for a knitter. Carry strap was a great idea. Love love love. Thank you
"Just received my yarn drum and overall I love it. It arrived very quickly and in excellent condition. The only thing I would note is that the product is collapsable when empty. A handy feature for some, but I usually only work on smaller projects so keeping the bin upright is a bit of a problem. Otherwise it's working great. It does fit my full size pattern books inside as well as my crochet thread and needles. I would also echo that for those who generally work on afghans or larger projects, only the yarn would fit inside. Also, if you happen to live in a colder climate where snow and rain are frequent, you'll want to cover the top of your items inside the bag as the holes on top are large enough that they will not protect your project from the elements."
"I got this for my mom and she loves it. She says it works perfectly and uses it all the time. I saw her using her other knitting bag and I asked where this one was, and she said she keeps different projects going in different bags. So I'm buying her another one in a different color."
"This is perfect for holding my current project, I think my only wish is that they would make them in different sizes. This one is a bit too big for taking out and about."
Isn't this just adorable?  I put up close to 10 skews into it and pull the yarn through the top when traveling or when not using my single cannister.  It's simple nylon with a little pouch for the needles.  It's nice to have around.
this is a great bag for my yarn I go to a lot of tractor pulls and this carries everything I need
This bag made it very easy to carry my yarn anywhere. I wish it came in more colors and was a little bigger.
"I have just started knitting again, after not doing it for 40 years.  This bag is great.  It is already to grab and go whenever I go out the door.  I wish that the sides were stiff.  They would be if you fill it with yarn, but I just have my current project in it.  I am planning to get some hard plastic sheeting to line it."
"I crochet everyday on 3-4 projects. I keep one project in the ArtBin Yarn Drum, ready to go whenever I go anywhere. It's the perfect size and love the bag for hooks and scissors. I would buy this again!"
"I really like my Yarn Drum, it's great for keeping projects all in one place. My only wish is that it was a little smaller, or somehow collapsable. It's great for large projects and fills out nicely with 5-6 skeins of yarn in it. But when they're getting small, or you only need one or two, it won't stand up straight."
"I am BRAND new to crocheting, and I have a tiny yarn stash (about six skeins) plus a few hooks and other accessories. I wanted a case to store my yarns, plus my other crochet stuff so I ordered this.

The pros are that it's large enough to hold several skeins of yarn but still very portable (about the size of a larger purse), VERY light weight, and has different compartments for storing different items like scissors, knitting needles/crochet hooks, stitch markers, patterns, etc.

The only thing I don't like about this is the color (BRIGHT hot pink) and the fact that it's sort of easy to lose things inside the giant yarn part of the bag. Along with this, I also ordered a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Snapware-Yarn-Tainer-Small-Storage-Container-Small/dp/B004499DT2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Snapware Yarn Tainer Small Storage Container, Small</a>&nbsp;and I like that better because you can see through it and easily access what you need without digging through the bag. HOWEVER, this is much more portable and stowable. I'd actually love one of these made out of the flexible clear plastic fabric that they use to make the bags that sheets and curtains come in, if that makes any sense at all.

Overall, it's a great case. I'm so glad I got it. Now if they'd make a slightly smaller one that held only one or two skeins of yarn so I could take it with me in the car and when I go to meetings, etc. that would be fabulous."
I ordered this as a gift for a friend and we both couldn't of been happier. It was the perfect gift for her as she does a lot of knitting. It arrived as promised and is very pretty.
The art bin arrived exactly on time in good shape and exceeds my expectations. I will use it a lot. Recommend the company very much
"I got this for my daughter in law as a stocking stuffer
for Christmas. She loves it!  She brings her knitting
in it when they come for the weekends at our house.
it holds all of her things and has nice pockets and
a carrying strap.  She's very happy with it."
"I was forever chasing my yarn around the room and it would always get dirty.  This is an Awesome Yarn Drum by ArtBin!  I can't imagine ever knitting without it now.  It comes with a Shoulder strap, handle and a zipper case for the knitting needles/scissors, Et cetera.  This has been the best thing I have ever bought for my knitting, I use it all the time."
"I was forever chasing my yarn around the room and it would always get dirty.  This is an Awesome Yarn Drum by ArtBin!  I can't imagine every knitting without it anymore.  It comes with a Shoulder strap, handle and a zipper case for the knitting needles/scissors, Et cetera.  This has been the best thing I have ever bought for my knitting, I use it all the time."
"useful for projects large and small. outside compartment great for holding smaller notions such as counters, darning needles, crochet hooks, and point covers.  2 slots great for working 2 skeins at once.  strap is helpful for for making bag easy to carry.  sturdy yet completely flexable material."
It is a wonderful product that can store up to 8 skeins of yarn. Perfect for any knitter or crocheter.
"I purchased the ArtBin Yarn Drum in pink.  I like that it holds several skeins of yarn, which is helpful for larger projects.

I've  utilized the openings in the top for feeding through the yarn on a single strand project, and I am looking forward to using it for projects that call for multiple strands of yarn to be worked together. That was my main justification for making this ourchase and I can tell it will work out great.

The zipper pouch is terrific for holding my embroidery scissors, stitch markers and other little crochet doo-dads.

My kitty is also fascinated by the openings in the top, and will reach her entire leg in to root around if I don't keep an eye on her. So cute, but not so good for my projects!

I am glad I purchased this yarn caddy and would recommend it to others."
"I really like this bag, and I am normally a bag snob whent it comes to my knitting.  The bag is roomy, the holes for threading yarn through are well edged, but my one gripe about the bag is that the material is a little flimsy.  I wish that the canvas used was just a tad thicker so the bag can stand under it's own weight.

Currently, I have the bag stuffed with about 9 balls of Berroco Comfort for a crocheted blanket. I can easily see that once the balls are used up and not pressing up against the sides of the bag, the bag is going to slump down and not be able to stand under it's own weight.

Otherwise, the bag is great.  I would buy more if it came in more colors."
"I'm usually working on more than one crochet project, and this yarn drum is perfect! I can fit at least three large cotton spools of yarn with ease and at least two regular rolls of yarn in addition to the projects themselves. The two large slits on top where the yarn is threaded have a round hole on each end such that there are four holes on top of the drum. The slits themselves are large enough that you can pull out stuff without even opening the drum. I take this with me when we're driving on a trip, or if I'm gonna wait at the doctor's office. At home, it keeps everything compact and out of the way. I just love it!"
"I really love this bag.  It is such a nice color, and it looks very cute.  I love the user friendly top, that allows yarn to be feed through, while also providing slits, that allow you to pull the yarn out.  It is the perfect size to grab and go, and will not get in the way.  The pocket on the front is nice, if you have something that needs to be stored.  The little attachment bag is a nice bonus also, and will allow for storage of accessories.  Like another reviewer, I too bought some plastic canvas, to assist the bag in standing/keeping it shape. I ended up getting 4 of the larger pieces, which I turned sideways, this works great, and my bag is not sagging.  Overall, this is a wonderful bag, and I would recommend it to everyone."
"I was using open-ended handled bags before my Grandma got me this for Christmas. I LOVE this bag. It's handy, it's a great size for my projects, and I feel like I can crochet in public without it being a hassle. Great buy."
Holds several skeins of yarn and keeps it all organized and tangle free. Plus the purse on it to hold the needles is very handy also.
"I have 4 cats and love to crochet. In desperation I ordered this yarn drum. My husband was tired of my yarn rolling here there and everywhere, I was tired of cat stealing my yarn or playing with it, and tired of trying to crochet with multiple colors at one time and have the yarn tangle.
This yarn drum holds a surprising amount of yarn. It has places on the lid for upto 4 stands of yarn to come thru. It has a small attached bag to hold stitch markers, darning needlers and hooks. It has a shoulder strap. What is not to love. I can pick up my project and easily take it anywhere to work on while I am waiting."
I had been looking for a tote of some sort to hold my yarn while I worked on a project. This tote works great. It sits up just fine when you have it full and it's handy to carry along. Some reviewers thought that it didn't stand up well but maybe they didn't have enough yarn in it. The yarn comes out of the slots nicely. I would recommend it. It's not too big or too small.
"love this it is perfect bought 2 more for gifts they were so much appreciated.....
fast service, product as described....."
"I am so in love with my Yarn Drum! I have so much stuff crammed into it it's ridiculous. Even the little case that comes with it can hold a lot. I have a whole pack of bamboo crochet hooks in it, an ergonomic handle, a few larger crochet hooks, measuring tape, and other miscellaneous things. I take my Yarn Drum with me everywhere I go. Its so convenient!"
"I frequently crochet afghans that require holding multiple strands of yarn at once.  I usually use Caron One Pound skeins of yarn which are huge but the yarn feeds from the center which is perfect for this drum.  It's big enough to hold 2-3 (maybe even 4 but I haven't tried that yet)of these huge skeins of yarn at once while feeding through the top.  I saw complaints about it tipping over if not full or collapsing and that is just not a real problem, it doesn't affect how the product functions.  I've tried several containers and bags and for big projects this is the best item I've seen especially for the price."
"Just happened to catch this online while browsing one day on Amazon.com and thought it was awesome and ingenious!  Purchased both the raspberry and purple for Christmas gifts...the recipients of which both crochet.  After noticing that they were always struggling with open tote bags, one complaining about the dog hairs getting on her yarn, I immediately bought these.  They were a great hit with both, and the colors are very nice.  I also purchased the yarn cutter medallion of which could either be worn as a necklace (you supply the cord, chain, etc.) or just hang it on the bag, which is what the recipients did.  They hold plenty of skeins of yarn, plus come with a bag that attaches to the drum which holds knitting/crochet needles.  Also, there is a small open pouch on the side of the bag that is great for holding pattern books, etc.  The lid zips closed and has 2 openings (slits) on the top where you pull the end of the yarn through...thus eliminating the possibility of getting dirt, dust, hair, or whatever on your yarn, and it stays put...won't roll away anywhere.  Also, got free shipping with ordering through Amazon.com.  It was a win-win situation for all!  Highly recommend."
Another Xmas gift for my mom to store her already large inventory of Knitting Wool in. She likes it fine but wishes that it could have been a little bigger and says that it is more Denim Blue than Periwinkle.
"I think this was a novel idea indeed to make something like this.  I mean, it has enough storage for your yarn. A nice outside little pocket for holding your smaller items--I'm thinking if you're a crocheter like me, then you could hold your hooks and maybe a set or two of small scissors--only how I think this pocket could be improved, would be to have a zipper on top of it--that way, these smaller supplies would have a better chance at staying put.

How I think the 'Yarn Drum' could be improved overall, is that it could be bigger and maybe higher.  Because, the thing with the 'Yarn Drum' is that it is only big enough for your yarn.  And NOT for the item that you are working on.

I like making blankets and throws, and there is NO way that I can carry any of my projects in this thing.  And so I guess what I wanted to use it for--an 'All-In-One' carryall, just can't make it.

I mean, the item itself is cute enough.  And I'm sure you'll get a lot of kudos in your knitting/crochet class--I mean, this item is REALLY cute, but you can only use it for carrying your yarn and NOT much else.

So in the meantime, I've got a cute little 'drum' to hold my yarn and ONLY my yarn.  Yay me!!!  :  ("
Like the other comments the sides are flimsy but this still comes in handy to keep your work clean and together in one spot.  I put some plastic cross stitch canvas around the outer edges to keep it standing up.
"I love my yarn drum.  It is great for using at home or on the road.  I can crochet as my husband drives.  It keeps everything in reach, clean and organized."
"Purchased this due to the color being ""Raspberry"" but it actually is a lot more Burgundy than Raspberry. Not enough to send back but the color shown is not what I received."
Bought this for a Christmas present for a 7 year old who wants to learn to knit.  Looks great.  I think she'll love it.
"I'm disappointed. It's too big, stuff rolls around in it, gets twisted. If I don't put enough in it, it caves in. If I stuff it full, the yarn is hard to pull out. The tool attachment is a wierd shape and size, and it's hard to find things in a black pouch. I thought I'd use it all the time, but I have gone back to my tote bags."
Love the easy portability but wish the sides were more durable. Unless you have a lot of skiens inside it gets floppy. I added some plastic around them and it worked much better. Overall i'm very satisfied.
"I bought this in raspberry-- a nice bright color.  It is much bigger than I imagined.  It is deep enough to easily hold a few medium sized projects.  I often sit on the couch knitting and sooner or later a dog runs through it or I forget about it and it comes off the needles.  This is my effort at organization and it has worked very well.  Good price.  Handy pocket.  It is true that if it isn't very full, it collapses a little but it still works fine, with a place for the yarn to run out the the top, keeping the ball from tangling.  Good price.  Handy pocket."
Love the bag for on the go knitting just wish it had a liner of some kind so it stands up better
"The idea for this is great, but it ends there.  It says 8 skeins fit, but that is by cramming them in, and not if you want to do any kind of work!

Working with any number of yarn, there are no separators, and thus they tangle, and I have to stop frequently to untangle them.  VERY frustrating.

It looks nice, and yes it is travel-ready.  But I wish it was better designed."
This is the best idea for the on-the-go knitter. I go to doctor appointments often and now I can bring my projects with me. I've received lots of compliments. I got the pink one for my mother and she loves it too. Shipping was really fast and in great condition. Highly recommended.
"I love this for keeping all my crochet organized.  Everything in one place and ready to travel from one room to another, or get on the plane, train, or in the automobile and work on the project with ease."
This bag is great for holding all the yarn you need for that special project.  I take mine everywhere.  I have several bags with different sets of work started and just grab a bag and go. ***A Must Have for any knitter or crocheter.
"I am enjoying this bag. When you're not using it the bag, it is easy storage. it is soft, not too big and not too small."
"I love the color of this Round Yarn Drum and I can easily fit all my yarn for the prodjects I have lined up.  I also like the handy pouch on the side for my needles and shears. Helps keep them clean and so handy to have near me.  I like the fact that it is easy to carry, so light and that there is holes in the top so my yarn stays neat and clean when I am crocheting.  And there is a nice pouch on the front where I can put my patterns.  I just Love it!  The price was right too.  I had ordered one before from another place and it was more expensive.  Overall I am very satisfied with this product."
I am happy with this yarn barn. It holds loads of stuff and is easy to tote wherever you want to take your knitting. The only drawback that I have found is that it doesn't stand up very well unless it is full. I would recommend it though.
"I, like many others, have an abundance of yarn. I keep a few of these around for simply storing yarn and one around to actually work from. They are great! If you are using them just for storage, they hold a lot more than what is listed in the description. The side pocket and attached zippered pouch are great for holding odds and ends. I was almost able to get rid of my drawer storage....almost."
"I wanted something to keep the yarns for projects together, that I could also keep them in while using the yarns. This does the trick for me. The handy net pocket on the outside allows me to slip my crochet hook folder and scissors into it for a handy access to when I need them. The roomy little bag attached also is great for holding the little extra things. Personally I love this yarn caddy and am very glad I got it. It may not suit everyone's needs, but it does mine. :)"
"I haven't used these to actually knit from like can be done, but I was mainly looking for a storage solution. I had an ugly, 3 drawer plastic container before. These fit nicely in my closet and hold tons of yarn!"
"I got this for my sister, who has gotten back into crocheting. It arrived in good shape and she says she is enjoying it and using it."
"I love this thing, it has helped me stay much more organized than I normally would be when croqueting.  It also helps be keep my yarn away from the cat hair that fills my house due to my pet cats.  It is larger than it looks, even in person, and I can easily see it holding the 7-8 skeins of yarn I think it advertised it could hold. At any rate, 3 100g skeins look like they are swimming inside of it.

The two slots int he top that amount to four separate holes for yarn is great.  I was recently working on a project where I was running three strands of yarn at the same time, and it was a lifesaver when it came to preventing everything from getting tangled up.  The fact that the slits are large enough to fit a ball of yarn I am working with through the hole if I need to slip it out for any reason, say a tangle from a center pull, is nice.  Don't worry though, the slits are stiff enough that your ball of yarn will not come flying out if you give the string you are working with a good tug.

My only complaint is that since it is flexible, occasionally it will crumple in a way that makes it difficult to pull on the yarn I am working with.  Of course that is easy enough to fix, I just readjust it.
I have also had a problem with a delicate boucle yarn catching on the one rough spot on one of the slits, but I just switched it to the other slit before it became a real issue.

I would absolutely recommend this product as a great space saver and for organizing yarn while working on a project.  The little purse thing it comes with has easily has enough space for a few hooks/needles, a tap measure, and scissors. I have found it much, much easier to travel with my projects now too."
This yarn drum is not big but it will hold a gracious plenty of skeins  Great for trips and just nice to keep in the car and have it available when waiting
Needs a sturdier divider inside.
Torn too easy didn't last long
Neat carrier for knitting yarn. Holds several skeins of yarn at one time.
Great for taking projects on the go. It has plenty of space for me to take what I need and extra the holes allow me to easily switch from one color to another. They only thing I wish was that it had more out side pockets for easy of organization.
Great product fast delivery
CHEAP DID NOT HOLD UP GOOD BEGAN TEARING ON FIRST USE
"I wish it stood up on it's own like in the picture. Otherwise, it is what it is."
"Looking at the picture I had the feeling that this drum would stand upright, no its collapsable."
I got this bag as a gift and she loves it! The color and size are perfect plus the fabric is very good quality.
