"I have seen other sewing clips on the market that are larger, stronger and more durable. Although they are little more expensive - they are definitely worth the investment!"
Clover Wonder Clips keep the binding exactly in place and ready for you to hand sew the binding.  You can clip a long ways around a quilt without having pins to stick you.  Best thing I have bought for a quilting notion in years.
Great for binding.  Easy to use and move when necessary. No pin sticks no blood spots on the quilt.  Have purchased several sets as gifts for my quilting buddies.
"I bought these clips to hold quilt binding in place while I sew it down on the back, but I've found many more uses for them.  Originally, I had planned to divide the package with a friend, but now I've decided to keep all fifty of them for me!  We all have quilting tools and toys that sounded like a good idea at the time, but we've wound up not using them.  These you will use!"
It's like having an extra hand. Instead of holding the binding in place your hands are free to sew. The binding goes on much faster.
"Love the clips,  easier to use than pins when doing bindings.  Bought the 50 pack.  They are strong enough to hold 4 layers of quilting fabric,  2 layers of fleece."
These are wonderful little clips--small and hold very firmly.  I've now used them to hold binding on a quilt and to organize various size strips for sewing into blocks.  They're a great notion to have handy in your sewing box.
"These little babies work really well. They perform exactly as they say they will. No more fussing with pins and thick edges. They hold without distorting. Get the 50 pack so you can use all you want.  I used about 18 just going around a pot holder. When you get the corner folded exactly the way you want it ...... pop a clip on it.  Sweet.

I've been using them with the serger, too."
Easy and convenient to use. Sturdy storage box.
These are superior to the cheap ones that can be purchased in bulk. The other are much stiffer and harder to use.
Of course them work perfectly.  Clover makes the best stuff.
Great alternative to pins or binder clips!
Got these for my mom. Half the price as they are in stores. She loved them.
Loved these for my faux fur sewing project
Better than pins for many projects.
"These are a great alternative/addition to pins and are especially valuable when sewing delicate, knit, or easily frayed fabrics.  They grip tightly and are fairly unobtrusive.  They're not quite strong enough for heavy fabrics -- for those, I use office binder clips.

This pack of 50 is a good value, although different colors are helpful sometimes (helps for organizing a project)."
"Great clips, awsome, Amazon has the best price."
Everything as described.  Fast delivery!
Love
Use these for quilting and sewing but finding so many other uses for then.
Never use pins much anymore these mighty clips holds on tight. I can see these being used as regular clips for many uses besides sewing.
Purchased here instead of through the box store.  Better value.
easy to use
Love these! Work great and good quality.
Great bargain
Great for sewers with neuropathy! I can't grab the pins anymore and these do the trick.
Love love love these! Perfect size and strong as can be! Yay!
"Great, quality product."
Yet another Clover product that I absolutely love.  I use these all the time with sewing projects.  Recommend them to a friend. We both wish we had found these handy little things sooner.
"These clips are great! The measurements are super helpful, too. Wonderful for holding fabrics together that you can't use pins on or patterns. Also works well for making adjustments to clothing."
Awesome!!!!!!  Makes sewing on a quilt binding SO much easier. I wish i would have purchased these sooner. They are well worth the money.
very good product.  fast service
They make the hand-stitching portion of binding a quilt so much easier.
Finally discovered clips for sewing. No more pins in my fingers
"G-R-E-A-T for multiple purposes!!!! Good brand, good quality!"
"I love my Wonder Clips, but recently they have begun to crack and break. Can you tell me what is going on?"
Love these
I Enugu these so much! Easily hold the edges of material while you sew a seam.
These are the best clips yet for holding your quilt binding.  Liked so many in nice storage box as well.
Love the clips! And the box to keep them gathered.
"If you are doing anything with a knit fabric, you really want these.  While they are larger than pins, for stretch fabrics the hold better."
"These work well, but the pink ones aren't as good quality as the original red ones for some reason."
"Great buy on a great product!  Wonder clips are easier to use than pins, have never stabbed me, and these come with a convenient plastic box."
awesome sewing tool
"Their great for many uses, &  firm grip as well."
These are great clips for sewing projects that you can't pin.
"I rarely need to use pins anymore because of these, which means I don't bleed all over the quilts I'm making anymore! I make a lot of cosmetic bags and I just couldn't make them as easily with regular pins. These are amazing. They have a nice, secure hold, I can move a project around from work area to work area, drag it all over my lap and these stay put. Amazing for putting a binding on. Seriously, you need to try these, they will change your whole sewing game. Get a big pack, you'll want them :)"
Work well.
Same clips as from Joannes but cheaper!! Love them!!!
Arrived in great condition. Love the clear view box they came.
Seemed expensive but I have used them so much I don't know what I did before I had them.  Recommend to try.
Not sure why folks get so excited about these little clips. They are little clips. They gently clip things together and come off easily. The end.
"Great, reliable product for quilting, crafting.  Nice for a thicker item, rather than struggling with pins.  I love that they come in a storage case, and the quality is great."
ok
Great
incredibly useful tool for sewing leather
Perfect as expected.
These are very useful. Why did I not invent these??
"I love these clips. I was using clips from a stationary store that were very tough to open....these are easy to open and yet keep things in place. I don't like using pins and avoid them when I can.
These are worth it to me."
"Oh my gosh! These are so much better than I expected. I'm a beginner seamstress and these have made my work so much easier. Seriously. Amazing. Less fabric distortion than with pinning, easy to use, I don't have to worry about dropping them in the carpet and later stabbing myself in the foot. Game changer."
"For the price, they are little wonders.  Even if not really clover, they act like it. The box they come in, opens with one hand so I can hold onto the work if I didn't plan ahead and still grab a clip.  I had some longer ones that work but are sometimes in the way. These are short enough to be out of the way but strong enough to clip in place and hold your work."
These work beautifully.
Bought these for applique. Very small
love
Excellent product and swift delivery
I have loved using these and I am going to look for some larger sizes as well.
Very Nice!
thank you
They are fine
They work fine and the cost was so much better then in the sewing shops.
Just what I was needing for the project!
Great!
"Changed binding for me for quilting. Easy to use, can clip a lot of fabric. Doesn't budge so you can move the fabric around without feeling like they are going to pop off."
I bought these for my mom for Christmas and they arrived fast and new. She loves them.
I liked them price was a lot better then in the fabric store
I purchased these for my wife who likes to sew.  She used them today and loves them.  Great product.
Great value for the money compared to purchasing the same item in a fabric store.
good
Great!  Thanks
This was a buy in comparison to what can be purchased at fabric stores.
i am loving these little clips.  they are super strong & so convenient when pins are not called for...delicate fabrics.  would highly recommend & would buy again.
"I'm a convert.  I used to use pins for hold bindings or zippers or other attachments to my project while sewing.  These are much easier and faster to put on, with no deformity of the fabric.  But, they are expensive so I look for a bargain like this one."
love this things! no getting poked is such a nice feeling...I've had them for a couple of years and they are still in great shape!
Love them.
they are awesome - don't know how I ever got along without them
Work fast and easy.
These work so much better than the pop open metal clips. Love these!
"I've used these clips for a few years, and they really work quite well. Just wanted some more for a larger quilt."
"Bought this as a gift a long time ago.  I figured ""better late than never""...  My mother in law is one of those ""master quilter"" types.  She makes beautiful quilts and wall hangings.  When I drew her name for secret santa, I hit the web and tried to find creative gifts that relate to her hobby/passion.  Well, these fit the bill.  She loved them.  Of course, she had already been using them for however long, but she appreciated the fact that I did some research and thought into it anyhow."
My wife loves these.  I did good.
Worked great for holding a quilt binding in place.
Awesome little things! I have both red & pink. Clover brand makes high quality notions!
These clips are great for holding ready to stitch binding in place on quilts. The price was good for this 50 pack. I will order again when I'm ready to bind a large quilt.
"I bought these for my mother who has arthritis and can no longer grasp and hold straight pins. She seems to really like them, she has been quilting again. She was very excited to receive them. I tried them out and I don't really think they have the holding power of safety pins, which is what use. But, I think they're great for people who can't grasp normal pins or maybe have a big surface to sew on."
"I used these clips to hold a binding on to a throw quilt, and they worked fabulously.  Great alternative to pins.  Keep in mind that these are tiny - they were perfect for a 1/4-1/2 inch binding."
These clips are great for holding things in place.
"wow I thought well let's see what everyone is so on and on about - well these are freaking great!! easy on easy off! I've used them a few time in place of pinning some quick piece work, in the future I'm excited to try them with bias tape binding on my quilts!!!"
It is a million times easier to use these than to use pins when adding binding to a quilt. Soooo easy to clip on and clip off rather than pinning and unpinning.
very nice for applying quilt bindings.
Great clips when you don't want to use pins. Especially when there little feet running around.
Highly recommended for quilting
I have not used these but I have watched MANY videos of quilters and sewists using them when using a pin is not appropriate.  Some things you should be careful and NOT get pin holes in it.  This is why I am getting them as I am going to be needing them on an upcoming project that I want to do.  They are the brand and size that others have used with ease...so this is why I got these.  I expect to get lots of use out of them.
"I love these clips!  Love them!  I find myself using them for more and more projects, initially getting them to hold binding in place while hand sewing binding on quilts.  I use them in place of pins for many projects in which the layers make pinning tricky.  They are small and done get in my way.  The hold nicely.  There is always room for another bundle of these in my cart."
These are so handy for many things. Love them
great product.
"These clips make quick and easy work of  managing  items that do not ""pin well""...especially when trying to line up top and underside stitching that needs to match dead-on."
"I love these for sewing!! For how I work, they are much better than pins (though I still occasionally need pins). I highly recommend them."
I've enjoyed using these and have since bought more.
"I didn't think I would have much use for these, but now I use them all the time instead of pins!  Who would have thought :)"
"Fantastic design.  Better than using pins, very strong and east to put on and take off fabric as you sew."
"These are the best! I had initially bought genetic ones and at first, they worked well. After a while, the springs loose their tightness and were useless.

Definitely buy these. They are pricier (but still way cheaper than in store) but it's worth it! I've just ordered another one "
"They work better than most, measurement marks are difficult to see, but not really necessary."
"These are way better then pining ! Especially when you are doing a very large sewing project like recovering a couch, These clips hold very thick heavy fabrics just perfectly ! So glad I bought  these!"
a must for quilters
Love these clips. Used them on an upholstered vinyl cushion and they held tight and secure without damaging the vinyl
Great buy
Very satisfied
Wouldn't be without these. Have other size also. Just so handy to clip something real quick and a must have for quilting/sewing. My husband has even grabbed them when in need to hold something together. Love them!
Very handy for a thousand things.
I can't believe I just found out about these! I sew with oilcloth and pins leave little holes. Game changer! Have been using for 4 months and none have broken. Have a really tight clasp but not too hard to put on. Will be purchasing more!
These are awesome!
"It's love. That's it. GREAT for sewing knits and items that you shouldn't puncture with needles.
Just annoying stopping every few seconds to remove though."
"These clips are AWESOME! I wish I had found them sooner. I didn't realize how much time I was wasting with pinning the old fashioned way! These are easy to open, and hold the fabric well without slipping. I love that they have seam guidelines on them too, though I still prefer to pull them off as I'm feeding the fabric through my machine. That's just personal preference though (and habit). I almost bought the knock off brand but I'm glad I didn't. Several reviewers mentioned having some break or even be difficult to squeeze open. Not these! I've been using them for months through several major projects (sewing baby carriers) and haven't had a single issue. I definitely recommend these!"
"These are great! They are my first clips of this kind, and they are so easy to use. Very tiny yet very strong. I think I might need more!"
These work great on fabrics that are hard to pin.
I have used these clips every day since they arrived. They have been fantastic especially as I no longer get pricked by pins while binding my quilts etc. The container they came in is very useful as well - sturdy and make the clips easily accessible. A fantastic purchase!
I use these EVERY time I quilt.  Essential for clipping binding on before sewing
best invention ever!
Clover are THE ones to buy.....
the best. just buy them.
"I love these. I don't know what I would do without them. I make soft sole baby shoes with leather, and since I can't use pins...these do the trick. I was worried they wouldn't hold the layers together tight enough, but they totally do. Makes it so easy to line up everything. They are worth every penny!"
Bought these online because I couldn't pass up the price on them! Wonder Clips are amazing.
"Wonderful, useful, well made..... and the price was fantastic"
"Great clips!  Strong, too, for such little things.  I purchased them because I sew and quilt and they are great for that.  This evening I hung some curtains in the kids' room and used the clips at the very top of the curtains to attach the top of the curtain panels together so they don't separate on the curtain rod. I have the small red ones, but I'm going to order the bigger size right now.  Great product."
"Received the red Color Wonder Clips for a quilt I made for my granddaughter. I was surprised at how small they were. I didn't think they would hold, but to my surprise they held the binding on my quilt very well. They are made from a really strong plastic and they hold good. Much better looking than clothes pins or metal clips. If I should need more I will order the clover brand, because I know first hand they can actually do the job."
"These clips do the job, but other companies selling the same thing, just not ""Clover"" brand, work just as well"
Love these-- got another box of them
"Got these for my wife who quilts.  They sat on her table for a few months - unopened.  Then last night when she put the edging on a quilt, she came down all happy - ""Those clips saved a good hour of time I would have spent pinning the edge on to sew it.""
Lots of other great reviews on this product - that's why I got it it for her as a gift.  Good to see it is as useful as others say."
"Another recommended item from my quilter buddies! Wonderful little, strong clips to hold a sandwiched piece together while you stitch, removing them as you go. I love that they lay flat and they come in a nice little reusable box, so easy to throw into my quilting tools bag and take them along on retreats."
like
I bought these tiny clips thinking they would be good to hold fabric but they are heavier than the fabric so they don't work as well as I had hoped.  They are kind of clunky so to be honest I rarely use them.  I've had them for awhile and used them once or twice.  I'm back to pins now.
"I love wonder clip!  These are my favorite to use for sewing/quilting projects when I need edges held together.  They are strong, yet easy to use.  They do not hurt my hands at all."
Arrived promptly and just as described.
super product...super savings...super fast delivery
Love them.  Use instead of pins for a seam.
"Really handy for anything you are sewing, measuring or cutting."
Best sewing invention ever!  So much easier than tedious pinning especially when holding together layers for quilting.  They clip right on to the layers and are easy to remove while sewing without having to stop the machine every few inches because they pull right off.
"very good and helpfull<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Wonder-Clips-Red-50-Pack/dp/B004ZKPX8A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Wonder Clips, Red, 50-Pack</a>"
Love them!
Awesome product at an incredible price!
Handy helpers!
These are WONDERFUL!
Awesome price for the wonder clips I use when binding quilts. Also use the clips to hang up items. Perfect size and ease of use. No more pins poking me when I stitch. And did I say this is the most competitive price I've found?
I find all kinds of uses for these clips when I'm quilting....holding strips/blocks together....markers....holds notes on pieces so you don't forget.  A must have.
I love these.  I am currently in the middle of binding over 100 potholders (donation to a local halfway house) and these have become my go to.  Easy to use and I love the measurement markings on them.  I know what I am getting my Mom for Mother's Day!
they work fine its wonderful
"I was buying these as a gift for a quilter, and thought I would get a package for myself as well. I first used them assembling a diaper bag - so lots of thick layers of fabric. These things are amazing!! No getting stabbed with pins, everything held in place, and no ""dent marks"" in the vinyl lining.
They are easy to use, and very sturdy.
I seriously recommend this for any sewers out there working with heavy or thicker fabrics (and not just quilts.)"
"The real brand, not an imitation and a great price."
"These are not authentic Clover clips, but a good generic at a good price.  They might be a little stiffer than Clover, but I expect they will loosen up with use.  I used fewer than 40 clips to hold binding on a small quilt and found the clips very secure and easy to work with.  Plus, they don't slip off the way the hair clips I used previously did - a plus!"
So much easier and safer than using straight pins - especially when taking a project to a class or a friend's home to work on.  No worries about accidently dropping pins into someone's carpet (done that)!  The clips hold firmly and leave no holes in fabric.  One downside:  it makes sewing a quilt binding a little slower because you have to stop and remove the clip before you get to it -no cheating by sewing over it.
"These little clips are perfect for holding quilt binding in place for hand stitching, for using in place of pins on multi-layer projects, and for holding the Oreo bag closed so the cat can't steal them.
I don't really know about that last one, but I'm pretty sure it would work."
Exactly what I wanted
these are AMAZING! totally changed my sewing for the better
I love these! These are worth spending the extra $. I will never buy another brand again!
Great quality and value.  I love the original wonderclips and highly recommend them for crafters and anyone in need of a quality clip.  Do be sure you purchase the authentic Clover Wonder Clips to ensure the quality and value of what you purchase.
"Brand new in package, the same as they sell in the sewing stores, but more than half the price.  The clips work well to hold the binding to the quilt or for other jobs such as zippers, etc... These are small, but really fit my need and the brand is very good.  The case it comes in is a plastic box which was sealed in plastic wrap and inside the packaged box.  Very secure."
"These are really great. It took me a while to get used to using them, but now that I do actually prefer them over pins."
These Clover Wonder Clips are wonderful!! So great when gathering fabrics and holding two pieces of fabric together. Good for all around crafting.
"I am an avid quilter, and these Clover wonder clips are simply the best! I especially love for binding quilts - grip tightly without denting fabric without the accidental ""sticks"" from normal straight pins which I was using. Easily detached when piecing via machine quilting. My husband actually purchased these for me originally, and I was very skeptical because I doubted their usefulness. How wrong I was -  I now prefer them so much to straight pins for most projects! I bought and extra set for my Mom who introduced me to quilting, and she loves them, too! Take the plunge ladies and gents of quilting/sewing - you may not go back to pins again!"
The clips work well when I use them to construct my quilts.
Fabulous I suggest getting it
"These are very useful, easier and safer than pins.  Great for quilt binding, but I use them for pretty much all sewing.  They're easy to move around if you need to, and much less painful to step on."
"I am so happy with the quality of these clips. I prefer using them to pins and non of mine have broken, even after months of use."
"These have now replaced my pins for binding quilts, sooooo much easier to use and see.  Also no more poking myself!!!"
I have bought so many of these. So easy to clip on the trim on a quilt instead of pinning. Also to keep multiple layers together. So many uses!
Wonderful for the seamstress in the know!
These are soooo neat!  They clamp down tightly on fabric and paper and hold things steady while I work with my project.
Still have them and barely use them.
"Handy, quick, useful. I really like the ease of using these - especially with several layers of fabric. I also enjoy finding one of these on the floor, much more than I enjoy ""finding"" a straight pin in my foot :)"
These work great for attaching binding or instead of pins.
"These are one of those ""how did I sew without it"" products. They're so easy to use, and don't accidentally get sewn over like pins. They also don't leave any pin holes. I've even used them on some slippery products and they hold together just fine. After a year's worth of use, they still hold as well as when I got them. I'd highly recommend buying these. Then buy an extra package for any of your other friends who sew. :) They're that awesome!"
Just what I needed for a great price.
Love these little clips.  I am using them for my knitting projects.  The clips hold the pieces together without stretching or distorting the fabric.
"I hate using pins, these are amazing. I use them all the time and don't have to worry about my kids getting into them. Only downside is there isn't more in the pack. ;)"
"Very useful I found it very sturdy to hold heavy fabric especially curtains with required seam allowance , must have tool in sewing room"
"Makes quilt binding so much easier! While I could complete a project without these I'd rather not. Also, great for sewing knits on a serger! All around a great choice and 50 is a pretty good number for most projects."
Love these clips.
These are a most for sewing or using an embroidery frame.
"Excellent product for sewing, they are very good to use in many things instead of pins. well recommended."
These are great and seller was also great!
"these are so much easier to use than sharp pins,  i had to share them with daughter and son in law(yes, he quilts too)"
Product as described.
I got these as a gift for christmas and I love them. They are so easy to use and I don't have to worry about getting stuck by pins.
Good clips
"I ordered these same exact ones from Amazon two years ago. They were wonderful.  The plastic was smooth and I have never had one break.  These look the same, but closer inspection reveals poor casting with rough sharp ends.  The first day, several broke on the first use.  They are definitely not the same quality.  I cannot recommend these to anyone.  I really need more of the old ones."
There was a lot of them but for my bad hands I could barely open them.
"I saw a post on Pinterest using these to keep quilt binding in place as you sew it on. So, I was sold. I bought a back and use it for that. They also work to hang up my (smaller) quilts to take pictures of them. Perfect! I will order more if/when I start working on bigger projects."
"Great for sewing quilts and other items with many layers. However I have had some of the clips ""stretch out"" then they don't hold the fabric as they should. I have found these are amazing for sewing leather!"
Just as Described
"I was so excited to get these after seeing how much cheaper they were here than brick-and-mortar stores.  They are great, in theory.  Unfortunately, the design is hugely flawed.  After just one piece, 2 clips just popped apart!  They metal ""spring"" part of the clip is held in place by the tiniest little bit of plastic.  When that little bitty point of plastic is gone, so is the tension.  This happened with a child's size 6 shirt holding a hem!  The clips were definitely not over-extended.  I am so disappointed!"
can't say enough good things...i like to hand sew bindings to quilts and these hold it nicely.
better than pins for sewing binding to quilt.
like them but I thought they were bigger
Too small
love these clips.  I use them instead of pins in putting on my binding in quilting.
Love these! Ready to bind something now :)
Great clips for quilting.
Love these! Easy to click on and off white sewing. Much better than my old clips. Versatile also could be used on many different things.
they hold quite nicely
"These little clips are TRULY a wonder! As in, I wonder how I managed to sew without them!! Tired of losing pins? Tired of sticking your fingers? Tired of pins coming out your fabric? Tired of bent pins? Buy these clips and you will not be sorry. They go on easy and stay put. I've used them for everything from sheer to upholstery fabrics. Want to hold multiple layers? These clips are for you! They come in handy for other crafty projects around the house too."
Perfect for holding quilt layers together and the color makes them easy to see as you are sewing.  Normal quilting clips are sometimes difficult to see.  Will buy again.
So much easier than using pins and they have a nice grip. Not sure how I ever went without them!
"Bought these twice I just love them. They get used for  my sewing  projects and I also discovered these work really well  on food bags, coffee bags ect. they never break like chip clips. I have even used these in the freezer on frozen vegetable  bags they work so well  and have not broken."
Great product; great delivery.
1 clip came defective - so annoying since that just happens to be the one that I pick up 9/10 times!
I really like these clips.  The work so much better than pins on a lot of items.  If you use these you will still needs pins though.  For instance when you pin your layers together to quilt.
"good price to buy it, the quality is very good."
Worked as expected.  Priced better than any store I could find them in.
Best price by far and use these clips all the time for quilting & sewing projects. Great alternative to pinning.
works real good to hold binding on
Love these clips for sewing! can't go wrong with these ;)
Unsure how I quilted and sewed without these.  Highly recommend!
Love these clips.  I'd purchased an partially finished quilt top (Wedding Ring) that needed to have sections added and these clips made it so much easier to see how each piece needing to be added needed to be sewn into place.  I highly recommend them.
Best thing I have bought.
Bought these for a gift for my mother in law. She and I both struggle with RA. So much easier than pinning. The price was a little higher than my fabric store where I bought them for myself but the convenience of 'to my door shipping' made it well worth the difference and as a prime member most of my shipping is free. These also come in a larger size which is nice but this is the size I use most often.
Work great
These clips are awesome! I bought these for my 7-year old daughter who is interested in sewing. She was a little nervous about getting poked by the straight pins. These are easy to use and are poke-free.
"These really are ""wonder"" clips - I wonder how I ever managed without them - no more pinning for me - I'm getting every size they make!"
"These are great for certain tasks, but for sewing, I still prefer pins."
These clips are great. I am a rug hooker and use them to clips the edges for binding. No more pins. Love them!
"Primary use:
Keeping my patterns on the fabric for edges so I don't have a gazillion pins.
Keeping my sewing pieces together while on the machine.
To keep my knitting pieces together while I hand sew the edges.

Pros:
Versatile - These work wonders for me. I originally bought them for sewing but I found they work great for knitting projects as well. I pin these on while I hand sew sweaters pieces together.
Design - I find that I loose pins ALL the time. My cat loves finding them but I worry that one day me, my husband or my cat will have pins stuck in our feet one day. These are colored brightly and the size is perfect so if I drop or lose them I spot them immediately.
Also, if you're clumsy like me, you'll rejoice and your fingers will thank you for not being stabbed over and over again.

Cons:
The design of the box bugs me a slight bit since it won't close unless clips are away from the edges. You'll see what I mean when you get them. But it's nothing really, these are fantastic!"
They work great!
So far I'm in love with these clips. I had hear nothing but good about them and never though to get them till I started sewing diaper inserts. The inverts I was sewing were very thick. Pins didn't work because of that odd bend in the fabric you get then you try to pin something to thick. I then attempted to use normal metal office clips but the very small ones. They worked but boy were my fingers sore and had to jam the fabric into them since they would't get wide enough clip. I get these in the mail and had wished I had them all along. I didn't know what I was missing out on. Something to consider if you use PUL material you don't want put unnecessary holes in it so this is a good option. Also if you quilt this is going to be great for that especially if you have a weaker grip than most.
lots of help
Purchased these for my mother who owns a quilt shop and she loves them and uses them all the time.
"I use these for my sewing projects, much easier than pinning. These clips hold things in place well."
"wonderful product and very clever.  I've used the clips for any number of applications - they are pretty sturdy, not tight or extreme, but will hold a few pieces of paper well.  Sewing is it's main draw, and it works perfectly for holding fabric together both in stitching 2 pieces together and in cutting out the pattern."
I love these clips.
My favorite clips for sewing and for binding
I don't know why I didn't have these a long time ago. They're so easy to use and they hold the fabric just as well as any pin. I really like that I don't stick myself and the fabric doesn't pucker where they clip on. Every one with a sewing box should have these handy little items.
Just love these clips...they work great
I love to use these instead of sewing pins.
"I have bought these twice now! I will
Never go back to pins!!!!!"
"These are great to use, although I wish I had purchased the larger size.  These are not suitable to for quilting projects, more for general sewing etc .....my mistake"
works fine.
"These wonder clips really helped to hold the binding on the quilt, and did not get in the way like pins."
I already had a pack of these clips I paid 1/2 more for one year ago at a quilt shop.  So enjoyed this second pack more and I can clip all the way around the quilt binding on most queen size quilts now.
So much easier than pinning.
I don't know how I lived without these. I plan on buying more!
Now I have used this and don't know how I got along with out it before
Exactly what I was looking for
"These clips were recommended by a teacher I took a quilting class from. I bought them before finishing my first quilt thinking I HAD to have them for when I machine quilted. I actually did not; however, they have been used on other projects. The interesting thing is the measuring increments on the clips that aid when sewing hems or seams. That way you can leave them clamped on your project as you sew and because they are flat on the back so they move easily along your sewing machine bed. The larger clips have more measurements to use if you need that size for your projects. They work well for fabrics that don't pin easily too because they are either thick (layers for quilting) or too thin (silk, satins, etc). I still haven't put the binding on that first quilt project so maybe I'll use them for that. Either way, I am glad I have them in my sewing supplies for future uses!"
Wonderful.  Great price.
"Keeps any number of layers of fabric in place,no pin pricks when sewing. When sewing binding shows where the original seam is so that you are able to sew the second seam by machine."
"Best clips for crafters, artists or hobbyists. Hold fabric, paper and little bits of felt, zippers, seams, multiple layers, soft things like fabric, hard things such as wood or cardboard. Useful in sewing, book making, jewelry, gluing, and pretty much anything that will fit between the jaws. Comes in a larger with longer throat style too that is just as good. The metal spring is so good. Durable and so versatile. Do not need pins for sewing and thus I do not poke myself and bleed on projects anymore.....Yes, I did this all of the time!"
"These clips were just as I expected, I love using them on some applications, instead of pins."
"They are wonderful for binding, love them"
These are very useful for many things.
Wonderful tool with many uses...not just for sewers.
This clips are a great way to hold your quilt bindings in place until you sew them.  Much better than using pins.
"These are awesome little clips and such time savers. Never poke your fingers again, or worry about pets or children getting in to them. These are worth every penny."
Great product
Love these when binding a quilt.
I purchased these clips to assist in my sewing projects.  I am currently working on several costumes that utilize vinyl and other fabrics and textiles. These clips make it very easy to hold my layers together for sewing. They are easy to open and manipulate and I appreciate that they are accompanied by a handy case.  These clips have a secure grip and seem very sturdy.  I love the nice bright red color that makes these easy to spot on various materials. Overall I am very pleased with this product and would recommend these clips to anyone.
"These Clover Wonder Clips are one of the best tools for sewing. Any time I need to hold fabric in place, these clips do the job nicely. Really find this product handy."
hold fabric well.
"A few of the clips broke upon first ""pinch""; otherwise comes as advertised and in a timely manner!"
A must for quilters and sewers.  Fantastic!
very useful
These work wonderfully! I am so happy I saw them in an online tutorial. Pinning some fabrics can be really difficult. These hold the material really well and keep things from sliding around.
half of them broke when I tried to use them...not a good value for the price
Fast delivery - great products!
Work great on fabric and also my patterns
Haven't used it much
These things are magic
Excellent
"I didn't read the description carefully - these are small clips.  My fault.  They work well though (for their size), and Clover is an excellent brand.  Good price."
"got these for sewing projects, but I can see other uses for their future."
"These are pretty cool, but sometimes you still have to use pins."
I love these because I can get pretty lazy about my sewing at times and this really helps me to move quickly to accomplish my projects.
"Great price. Local stores are more expensive for less quantity.
I love these clips for end seams and edging. They are also good to hold pieces on wire hangars.
I do crafts, and these come in handy for many things. Much better than the binder clips I was using."
Very handy clips when fabric may be too thick to use pins.
"These clips are a product that, until recently, I didn't know existed. I have a big family and with little ones making their way into every corner of the house I have to be extremely careful with pins. I've had to give myself a small number of pins to work with at a time which I count each time I'm done using them. Of one is missing I have to search around and use a magnet until I find it. Now I can use all the clips I want without worrying about them falling on the floor.

The clips themselves work well. I expected them to be larger but now that I've used them I feel the size is just right. They're exceptionally well made and I can see them lasting for years even with frequent use. With this quality comes weight. While they're very lightweight compared to most things they're quite heavy compared to pins. This weighs down your fabric, making it floppy when you're sewing. It's certainly not a deal breaker and I think these clips are wonderful despite that. They're so good that I'm back to buy another set of the small red ones as well as a couple sets of the larger green ones for quilting."
These are exceptionally easy to use. No more pricked fingers from sharp pins!
these little Wonder clips are the best with holding fabric together.  I even use them on paper. They were shipped right a way and I had them within an extremely timely fashion.
Exactly what I wanted for my quilting projects!
Love these. Got these as a deal for like $8!!
"Speedy service. Haven't opened yet, but have others and this is a great product - makes binding easier."
Love these for holding edge binding in place.
"haven't used them yet, but I am a very seasoned sewer, my whole life sewing, and I can tell you just by looking at these they are going to be brilliant!"
I was hoping these would be short enough to use on my machine embroidery hoops but they are too tall so I'll find a use for them for something else.. they were not designed for my purpose so no fault of the company.
Works well and as described.
"These things were designed for binding quilts, but I don't use them for that.  Instead, I use them for any situations where pins are either a detriment or useless.  For instance, they're great for zippers.  I don't like pinning when zippers are involved because they cause ripples and therefore the installation ends up looking wavy.  Clipping them with these clips solves that.  I also recently used them to hold together some very heavy fabric through which pins wouldn't have gone."
"great price on amazon, amazing for sewing projects"
A friend of mine introduced these to me.....they work so well when sewing the binding on my quilts. No pins needed!
"Love these clips for sewing, holding embroidery items on my machine, etc. The 50 pack is a great value too!"
These are great don't know what I ever did without them!  must have!
We have a little factory in our home making women's accessories and these are the handiest things since straight pins. When not holding material together they work great for wire ties on your computer rats nest of wires.
"I bought these to replace the old ""hair clip"" binding clips that were always sliding off my quilts when I moved them.  These do not come off unless you remove them.  Wish I had them 10 years earlier!"
They are terrific for sewing and other things around the house.
I saw MADE by Dana use Clover Clips in one of her YT videos and decided to try them out. So much better than pins!!! I don't think I'll ever go back to pins.
There are times when a pin just won't do the job. These Wonder Clips are the answer. I keep them handy at my sewing table and when I go to classes.
"I think I am going to like these. I've used them instead of pins.  With arthritic hands, it is sometimes difficult to pin things together, when I get frustrated, I reach for the clips!  I can easily keep them on my magnetic pin holder too!"
Awesome. So glad i got them
I'm really glad I got these.  They work really great.
"I don't know what this product is- my wife wanted it for quilting so I ordered it.  She seemed happy so it gets 4 stars.  If my marriage ends in an ugly, bitter divorce, I will change my review to 3 stars.
If my marriage lasts another 5 years, this baby is getting a 5th star!"
Great for binding my quilts
I love these clips.
These are just OK.
these are exactly what i was looking for when sewing leather. They work really well and you can't beat the amazon price.
"These Clover Wonder Clips, Red, 50 Pack are nice clips, but I prefer the URBEST 25 Piece Jumbo Wonder Clips with Seam Allowance Markings 2 1/4 inch only because I have limited mobility in my hands and it's easier for me to use larger clips.  These are easy to open and they are nice, but they are to small and therefore uncomfortable for my use."
These are great!
Love Wonder Clips!  Just disappointed that 50 pack only held 47 clips?
Product is way over priced. Can use hair clips to perform same function.
OMG GET THESE!
"I use these for everything sewing related. I still have my straight pins, but haven't touched them since receiving these. I also like the fact that I don't have to worry about my young children getting injured if they want to help me sew. No pin pricks!"
"Love these clips, but some of them were defective, I'd say around 7 didn't clamp tightly enough."
oh my so handy for sewing and crafting
Work good.
"I stumbled across these while watching a sewing tutorial on YouTube and had to order them. Well, I love these little babies and I am going to have to order more. I can see using them all the time. They really work!"
Good product.
does not hold the quilt
"<div id=""video-block-ROPCV7F51LSIU"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1HNXZZg4DS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81vZShMpewS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These clips are fantastic! I feel like my fabric stays together much better than with regular pins. They're super sturdy and I haven't had a single one break. The box of 50 is a great way to go since it will get you through most projects. They come in a nice box that's easy to store. Unlike with pins, I don't have to worry about them getting lost in the carpet. I'm so glad I found out about these little gems!"
Bought this for a quilting class.
"I got these clips to use instead of pins when laying out my blocks to sew in rows...
They work great.. I switch off between pins and these.. They clamp very well... easy to use"
These clips hold on tightly and are very helpful to me in making quilts and other crafts.
These clips are amazing! I use them in so many ways. I use them to hold my binding on when hand stitching it down. I use them to hold handles onto tote bags. I use them to pin my hair up if I'm busy at the sewing machine and it's annoying me! These clips will pretty much do it all.  No wonder they are called wonder clips! These are a must have for any quilter...and probably good for other sewing too. These would also make a great gift for your sewing friends who may not splurge on them for themselves!
Just as ordered and terrific price!!
Where have these been all my sewing life.  I use them with my serger most frequently.
Very good
I use these when I am hand sewing binding on my quilts and they are terrific!
Best invention for embroidery and quilting since the needle
Same as the green clips....
"I should have known because the price was so cheap, but these are counterfeit clover wonder clips. I just got them yesterday and several of them have already broken. I looked online and found this link from clover. http://clovercatalog.com/wc/wc.pdf  It describes how to tell the difference between the genuine clover wonder clips and the counterfeit.  Buyer beware."
Very useful product
"use these often. They work really well for ""pinning"" my binding"
The best way to do binding!
These little things are WONDERFUL
Great little clips!
"These little clips are great.
They are easy to put on.
They hold well.
They are easy to remove as the fabric approaches the presser foot."
love love love these for both the serger and the sewing machine
Don't know how I ever lived without these before!
"Why did I wait so long to get these.....so much easier, safer and quicker than straight pins.  Seriously treat yourself!!  Besides using them to  pin on the bindings I'm also using them with the Alphabities piece markers to keep my block pieces straight prior to sewing."
No sewing room should be without Wonder Clips! they have so many uses and are much better than pins in most situations.
"Clips used in quilting for binding and other projects such as purse making,  Holds tight!"
!st quality
great
snap and break and don't close tightly. the spring mechanism is pretty much useless.
Works well
"Great product - holds securely - great for sewing leather, vinyl or any material that cannot be pinned."
Very helpful and easy to use!
I LOVE these.  They work so much better than pins.  I wish I had found them sooner.  They hold fabric well and work especially well with knits.  I cannot recommend them enough!!!!!
The best clips! I use these when I sew ALL the time. The clip holds on tight. My cats love them too.
Where were these years ago?
Perfect item for piecing as it holds fabric together so no pinning needed. Great price.
These are perfect for my project. Extremely sturdy!
Love them.
"I love, love, love this product.  I have bought several packs of these.  I use them mainly for holding my quilt binding in place while I am hand stitching it but they could be used for a lot more stuff also."
"I waited until the price dropped and got a box when it was $13 or something like that and I'm so glad I did.

They're easy to open and stay put."
Love them
"The best ""new"" tool addition to my sewing room.  Love these little clips, so much easier to use than straight pins on most sewing projects."
These clips are awesome!!!! I love to use them specially for my sewing and quilting projects. I found it's better to use these clips than to use pins for some projects particularly when you have several layers to sew together.
love to use these to close bags of chips and etc in the pantry.
Exactly what I needed!! These clips act like many hands holding my project
These are helpful with binding for a quilt. You don't have to use pins and get stuck.
so helpful.  Like having an extra pair of hands at time.  LOL.  Seriously worth the money.
These clips are great for holding material and batting together for sewing! Definitely a great product! Will also work to hold knitted pieces together for hand sewing!
"some were broken right out of the box, manufacturer quality control issue"
Love these little clips easy on and off for different applications. Great for materials such as leather or oil cloth that you don't want pin marks. Just can't have enough of them.
"Great for things you don't want to pin.  Great for vinyl, quilt binding, sheer fabrics, you name it."
These clips are the best. I mean it.
"Love them, can not do without them, very highly recommend"
These are really handy little clips to have. I use them for securing the binding on my quilts. There is a ton of uses for them. They are colorful and seem well made.
Works well when straight pins cause bulk.
Very good item
"I bought these based upon the reviews.  I use them in sewing garments - to hold hems in place or to hold seams on slippery material. They are also great for putting straps together correctly.  Much easier for sewing than taking the risk of going over pins, or trying to find and pull out the pins while sewing up a seam.  These clips don't slide past the presser foot on my Janome sewing machine well, because there is a little knob out the right side of the foot, but they go right past the presser foot on my Singer machine.  The only difficulty I had was in opening the box initially; it's tricky.  I therefore don't close it all the way, but leave it ajar by about 1/8"" and put a rubber band around it."
Should have got all a larger size
These are great!!
"Love, love love these wonder clips! Sure does take the hassle 0ut of pinning and unpinning, especially when its just a simple project."
"These worked amazingly well for sewing and fitting a costume for a friend. No stabbing with errant pins! They are also made of very durable plastic. When I managed to mangle two of them under the needle bar, neither shattered or cracked, instead the plastic bent down in the opposite direction. and although the spring was also over extended and bent, it held the fabric together until being pried off. No flying debris in my face!"
much easier than pins.
great for holding multiple layers!
"Some are looser than others however, they're still great and help my anxiety with sharp things."
Amazing deal love them!!
These are a great alternative to pins.  So glad i bought them.  I plan to buy some of the larger ones also.
"Excellent product! Has many uses. I keep some of these in every one of my sewing kits, as well as beside my sewing machine. Wonderful invention for sewing. Smooth edges will never snag, not even satin! Watch for sales and keep an extra box handy... makes a very welcome and great gifty for a sewing friend!"
"I like these clips. They are very handy when putting binding on a quilt. The reason I did not give 5 stars is the price. I think they should cost about half of what they do. I have shopped all over to find them cheaper, and they are the same price everywhere, including Walmart."
"ALL HAIL WONDER CLIPS

I bought these in preparation to make a bag. In retrospect, there was no way in hell I could have accomplished this because I would never have been able to pin all the thick layers together. I regularly use these on most of my projects rather than pins. It's faster, there is no stabbing or holes in your fabric!"
These are fantastic! Wondering how I lived without them!
These make sewing projects especially with thicker fabrics (where pinning is impossible or dangerous lol) a total breeze!!
GREAT!!!!!
"I use the heck out of these, they are great, why did I wait so long to buy them,??? lol you will never go back to pins."
"I use these clips for holding the binding in place while sewing it.  No more getting stuck with straight pins, I love these clips"
"These are awesome clips! I use them for a lot of things like clipping table cloth to the other side to stop the wind from blowing it over the cookout food for example.  They are strong and durable.  For sewing, they are not as precise as pins."
"I love these.  The really do work wonders in holding layers, bindings, zippers, etc. together.  I don't understand the price fluctuations though.  I paid $8 which is a steal and I see them anywhere from $15 to $35 and higher."
"I couldn't understand why I didn't have these before.  They are the best clips for holding everything you need while quilting.

I even use it to hold my paperwork, binders, necklines, items in my purse.

Such a cool clip to have."
So far a very good product.  Highly recommended by a quilting teacher
Love these clips to hold the binding on a quilt. I still hand sew the binding on and with these clips I don't have to pin it.
A must have.
I now use these as much as possible in the place of pins.
They are so easy to use. Much better then the old way.
"Excellent, helpful tool for sewers."
Thank you
it is so good not to be sticking myself with pins
"I got them for my seamstress daughter, and she loves them"
"I am very happy with this product.  I have always used pins.  It took me a while to get the hang of using them. I was amazed at the price. They were much cheaper on Amazon than at Walmart, almost half the price."
haven't used them yet but this is one of those items that when you need it you will be glad you bought it because it fits the bill that no other gadget does.  clever size
"These are some of the most handy little ""tools"" to have on hand for when crocheting, knitting, etc.:I use them to keep yarn on my knitting needles, when making crocheted top dishtowels, etc.  I am sure a person could find many other uses for them.  One of the best investments I have made for craft work."
No more finger pricks. I love them.
Exactly what I needed!!!
These make sewing and quilting projects a breeze. Love them!
This is the best sewing purchase I've made. I no longer have prick marks due to the use of needles. it also holds my fabric firmly in place very much unlike the use of needles where the fabric pieces can shift. The product arrives just as I expected.
Use them for many different things.
"WOW!  I didn't think these would be handy for sewing, but I bought them anyway because I knew I would like them for card making.  I don't know how I got along for so long without these miracle clips.  They work great!  They open easily but do they ever clamp down securely onto several layers of fabric and stay in place until you unclip them.  I have broken down the nice storage box the 50 clips came in into 4 containers, because I like them handy in 4 places . . . at my sewing/crafting table, at my sewing machine, at my ironing board, and in my portable hand sewing box.  I also gave 10 of these clips to my sister for her to try and she was immediately hooked and is going to order a box.  You will love these clips!!!"
Perfect and at an awesome price.
I love these.  I just needed more.
"Love wonder clips! Use them for ""basting"" binding. No more getting stuck with pins."
I thought I would use these more than I do for holding fabric.  I tend to use them to clip more random things in than for sewing!  They do have a very good grip but are not so tight as to make them difficult to open.  Also amazon has the best price I've seen by far compared to all the local shops and some online places.  Good deal.  Would recommend if you do quilting especially.
love these wonderclips!! very easy to use.
Smaller than size I needed but work got for pinning yarn and material together
Great for holding material together instead of straight pins; keeps fingers from being punctured.
"These clips are handy for making tied fleece throws. They hold the two layers together until the fringes are tied. They are a little pricey, though."
These work very nicely when putting the binding on your quilt.  Stay on place well.  Come in larger size but these were perfect for the quilt I made.
Just what I was looking for thank you
Great product for use with binding
Use for all my quilting needs.
Perfect.
Great product!
Smaller version of the perfect clip for everything!
Strong and good to use. I use them in many ways and my husband uses them for small projects too.
Every sewer and crafter must have these. They work so much better than pinning.
Love them!!!!  I can't do my binding without them!!
Good clips
Wife uses them all the time quilting.
"Tried these after seeing Nancy Zeiman use them. They really help on thick hems where pins may bend or hurt your fingers putting in the pins. I use these as much as I use pins. These are very handy and small enough to get close to the presser foot. I tried using office clips, but they were heavy and the hinge got caught on things...very troublesome when you want a clean straight seam. These work much better...please don't waste your time with ""cheaper"" methods like I did. It may cause you a bigger headache in the end. There are a lot of widgits and gizmos out there for sewing...most of which are unnecessary. I know from experience because I have tried a ton of them. This one however is a real helper for sewing."
After sewing since I was 12 rarely does an item amaze me. Now that I have a 2 year old for my second family I wanted to find something  so more.child friendly than straight pins.  These are terrific and other can mend and hem with my little one playing with the clips right next to.me
These are wonderful to use instead ofins
I highly recommend these. They work so well. Great for thicker fabric and leather. I also use them for paper crafting or anything I don't want to put holes in.
"So I'm glad to have bought these clips. They can't totally replace pins, but I find I'm getting a lot of use out of these clever little tools particularly with bulky items or in holding together multiple layers. I like the longer/deeper versions too."
I love them and plan to purchase more. more of them
I love using these clips for quilting and other  sewing ventures.  Nice case to hold them and the discount price was great.
Great for holding heavier quilt projects
I can use these for just about anything. Holding layers together for quilting? Hold fabric together for normal sewing? Doing crafts? They hold together so well and don't move. There is even a measuring guide on the clips them selves. I cannot express enough how much easier these clip have made my work.
Many of the clips are so lose that they don't actually clip onto anything. Had to get my husband to fix a bunch. If I wanted to make my own clips I wouldn't have ordered these.
Love these!
"good price, good product"
Could not quilt without these
Love them work really good.
Holds my afghan squares perfectly where I put them.
Perfect for attaching bindings on quilts.
"I LOVE my Clover Wonder Clips.  I do a variety of sewing projects.  Some involve regular fabrics such as clothing  and Home Decor light to medium weight.  But I often use upholstery fabric weight for Home decor too. (My daughter-in-law is an interior designer and gives me all her fabric samples). These clips are much better at holding fabric in place than straight pins (no ""humps"") so my fabric feeds evenly (no walking foot needed) so the bottom seam or top seam match!
A BIG plus for me : no needle pricks on my fingers. I've noticed as I get older I bleed much more when sticking myself!
I previously ordered just one package of 50. Today I received 2 packages of 50!  I will be using these clips on all my sewing - I'll keep my straight pins stored and unused!  One last note: They are wonderful when used with a serger."
Wife love them!!!!!
"This can be viewed as a 'MUST HAVE' for quilters, and it is also preferable to hold thick materials together (not specifically for quilting) because even quilting pins are not adequate for some projects. One use could be for thick denim, another just for hold batting to material. There are certainly enough clips in one box so considering the amount of clips for the price it is worth the purchase."
I have used these before and absolutely love them.
"Love these! Pins are still necessary for some projects, but I predominantly use these now when I sew."
"I love these clips! They make sewing much easier and I don't have to worry about damaging my fabrics. They are easy to open but still maintain a strong grip on the material. I wish they were a little cheaper though...I paid about $15 for this box of 50clips (including s/h), so they are much, much more expensive than using pins but I  guess you pay for the convenience. They were still a lot cheaper on here than they were in the store, I think walmart sells a box of about 15clips for $12, and joanna fabrics had the box of 50clips selling for a little over $30! Over-all, I highly recommend these and will definitely be buying some more. :)"
I Am very happy with these clips they are very stronge and stay in place.
"not sure if these are really loved, but the wife was happy when I got it for her. These are double at places like Jo-Anns and Michael's

EDIT: after having it for several months, wife doesn't like it as much. WIth in the first week some of them didn't have a tight grip anymore, and within a month or so, they started to break. She has about half left from the 50 pack."
good value
The best for binding quilts. I use them for many other sewing and quilting purposes. They are great.
"Super for use when attaching binding to quilts, sewing clutch-purses; lots of great uses."
These are a terrific alternative to pins. The fabric isn't distorted.
These are great for sewing - so much easier and faster than using pins.
I have wanted these for some time. They are well made utility clips. Thanks Amazon Prime for making them a great value!
These hold great and the best price I've found
Works for what I needed.
Great help when hand sewing a binding to a quilt.
"I bought these for my mom as a gift, and she loved them so much she asked me to buy a second box of clips for her! I got to see them in action and they really do make her binding of quilts easier. They hold the fabric together securely and don't let the fabric slip. It was definitely a great buy and a product that all quilters should consider!"
"I really like the clips and use them for quilting and sewing.  I gave them 4 start because some of the clips are duds, they don't grasp, 4 out of 50 to be exact. Thinking about asking the manufacturer for replacements."
These are great!
Love the ones that work. but unfortunately there are too many that don't work/fall apart/ in pieces. I do love working with the ones that function as they should.
the hold the quilt pieces well.
Excellent
"These are the best when ready to sew binding an a quilt, table runner or anything else needing a binding.  Also great when you are sewing something thick together and using pins is difficult."
Love this product !!
Sorry I didn't buy these sooner - work great in place of pins for sewing and a must have for specialty fabrics you wouldn't want to use pins on (would leave holes)
I love these clips!!  I am altering a clients dress and pins just slip right out of the very thin fabric.  These hold it perfectly!  I'm thinking about ordering more!
These are the preferred method of securing quilt binding by many quilters.  This is a nice sized pack.
I love to use these when applying bias tape or other bindings.  Really a great product.
Not sure how I lived without these before!
I use there instead of pins.  They hold well
THEY WORK WONDERS
Love these clips.  They hold great.
I love these things.  They are great.  I have found several uses for them.  The price on amazon is amazing because in Hobby Lobby and Michaels they are $35. for the same count package.  They are a great time saver as I do all my bindings by hand.  Grip great and  leave no marks in even fine fabric.
Purchased another.good stuff
Ok
Love these little clips! like having an extra hand to get around those funky corners while quilting and holding seams together.  Use for keeping material straight when cutting.
Works great. Love them.
Very handy. Easier to use than pins.
"Works great! Love the marks on them to indicate  1/4"" and 1/8"""
great!  shipping was fast.  price was exceptionally good.  Thanks!
Perfect product for any project that has applied binding!  Tension is strong enough to hold heavy items securely.
I'm not sure how I lived without these!  They are used in the classes on Craftsy so I decided to try them.  Great invention.
"I cannot believe how much I love these clips.  Seriously, they have saved my fingers from being pricked about a jillion times.  I tell everyone about them!"
Nice and snug hold on this clips.  Seem well made.
"Very handy for sewing and quilting, I love them"
Great tools to have for many uses....Excellent transaction and quick to arrive....Thanks so much....
"These are handy little things.  I have found them useful for many things including sewing.  Try them, I think you will like them."
very nice asset for the sewing room
"I love these, but I also use small binder clips for the same purposes and they are much cheaper!"
I love these clips! Haven't had a problem with a single one and I use them daily. I make a lot of shirts and skirts and these have been a wonderful little tool for me.
Good grip- works very well
Fantastic for holding my craft work in place. I make a Japanese woven bag which suggest using clothes pegs but these are 100% better.
"They do move when I try to sew with them clamping the fabric, but they are really good to use until I can pin the seam."
without problem
"The product description says ""perfect for making quilts"" and ""easy feeding to the presser foot.""
Based on this, one would assume that it would feed even with a walking presser foot - it does not.  I wanted a way to bind my quilts without scratching up my arms from all the pins I need to secure the edges, but this product is not the answer."
Very useful for quilting.
They are great when sewing the binding on your quilt
Great tool.  Works great for quilt binding and any hand sewing when trying to keep from being stuck with pins
Can't wait to use them
Love these for sewing and craft projects.  Also are nice in addition to pins when draping fabric on my dress form.
loves these when doing my binding on my quilts...very easy to see on different colored fabrics
Great grip and much better than pins.
"Love them for binding my quilt.i also use them when im making bag,to hold when I too stitch."
LOVE LOVE Love this clips !! No more using pins on bias trim !! No more stabbing myself either! Yeah!!! A must have !
"I have used these in so many different applications.  Not sure how I lived without them!

I've used them for garment sewing as well as quilt-type projects."
"Fabulous.  Especially for binding quilts and the like.  Quick to put on and take off and no holes from pins.  Sewing foot can't get too close to them, so there are many instances where pins are better.  In my top 20 of favorite sewing items."
I am a repeat customer with this seller and very satisfied.  Great product; great customer service; I will definitely be ordering again.
Works so much quicker and safer than needles around my son!
good
LOVE these! They are really helpful in sewing....and sometimes for other clipping as well.
All quilters should have these clips.  They work absolutely great.  The price on Amazon was the best.
a very useful clips for binding ..
Wander clips are great.
"Love them, so much easier to use than straight pins. Will defenately order more ..."
how did we exist before these clips were developed?
Good price for a popular quilting item.
They work great!!! Love them.
"I ordered these clips with a bit of reservation as to whether they could actually take the place of straight pins.  I have to say that I have been pleasantly surprised by how well these clips work.  Straight pins are still necessary in some circumstances, but overall I prefer to use the clips over pins.  I do not quilt so I do not know if the clips would work for quilters.  I can say that it is nice to clip material together without sticking myself as I did with straight pins- and that makes me happy."
Perfect.  They work great!
Wonderful to use for binding my quilts thank you
"These were a Christmas gift for a quilter friend, and she loved them."
Love these clips.  They're perfect in holding the quilt binding in place for sewing and has saved all the pin pricks I get using straight pins.
"Really enjoying this bread maker, also got one for my son and he and his wife are very happy with. Easy to use and makes great bread."
"originally purchased a very small package at my local sewing shop ... ""price-y"" ... found this 50 pack VERY reasonably priced and HAD to add them to my ever growing sewing notion supplies.  They are GREAT ... thank you to the developer ... I don't know how I would sew without them now."
Awesomw concept and alternative to safety pins!
"I bought these as an alternative to those black and silver clips. They are wonderful, wish I had them years ago!"
"Wonderful; so much easier and faster than pins. Used these clips to sew baby burp rags as giftsone part flannel + one part toweland they worked great on the thick material, so great Im here on Amazon to get more. The box is tricky, but thats not a big deal to me."
Strong clips but better than needles to hold thick materials.
Great for a quilter
Takes the place of using pins and getting my fingers stuck.  Easy to use.  Leaves no marks on my sewing material.  Love them.
Very pleased.
"Pricy, but should be set for life with so many of them. Container is rather tricky to open and reclose."
Love these.  They have many uses in the sewing room.  I especially like them for quilt binding.
Wonderful little clips and a lot cheaper than buying locally
"I use these clippers when sewing with laminated fabric or to hold together several layers of fabric.
They have a strong grip and are easier to use than pins. A must have in every sewing box."
They work great for small projects. Will have to find some bigger ones.
wonderful product
Great to use as an alternative to pinning fabric.
works great.  Just like described. will be buying more
"A must have for anyone that needs these. I am a quilter and sewer, these are like having extra hands to help you. Wonderful!"
I just had to use these today to hold some fabric in place to cut. It was my first time using them. I really like them. It made the job so much easier. These are the smaller ones. Looking forward to buying the larger ones.
"This is a case of ""where have you been all my life?"" These work great!"
I am so glad that I purchased these!  The are so much better to use than pins when sewing.  The only thing I would say is to press your material really well...when you stop to remove the clips it tends to shift the fabric.  Pressing it thoroughly keeps the fabric from shifting as much.
Great. Shared with my friend and was pleased.
Amazing I use to help me secure the fabric on to the machine embroiderie hoop fantastic and glad I found these makes hooping so way easier to do
fantastic purchase - using to secure pleather while sewing rather than get holes  in the material using pins.
I love these!  I find that they are really helpful when binding quilts or keeping multiple layers in line while sewing bags.  Much easier that trying to ram a pin through 4 or 5 layers of fabric.
Love these clips.
Super...I love these little clips..
"These clips are wonderful when you are trying to sew on a quilt binding.  Instead of being pricked with pins, these hold the binding in place."
I use these instead of pins on slippery fabrics to and curves. Works like a charm.
They work great!  Wish I had purchased another package.
"Love these clips for quilt binding.  Pricey, but worth it."
Purchased for my wife.  She says they work well
"Love these!!!!  Great for quilting, general sewing, crafting, everything.  Buy the 50 pack. If you only buy the 10 pack you will regret it."
excellent
These are so easy to use and work perfectly ! So glad I tried them.
A MUST HAVE for any quilter!
No quilter should be without these.  No pin pricks or slipping of fabric anymore
"Wow! A friend raved about these and my response was yeah, yeah, I have ""clips"". But she convinced me and now I rave about them to everyone! They are perfect for holding binding and so many other uses."
"Wonder Clips are the best! Truly a quilter's best friend. These are so handy, I hardly use pins any more. I have 2 of the 50-packs and pretty much use them for every sewing project. Definitely a worthwhile investment!"
Great little clips for quilting
Love these clips! Makes sewing so much easier and safer. No more fingers getting pricked my pins.
Awesome!  Saves so much time versus pining the binding in place!
"Great value and a great size. Very versatile. I have used them for sewing and other projects, including yarn and beading. Easy to use, especially when pins are not an option."
These are all they are hyped to be - best notions purchase of the year!
"Clips make binding a quilt much easier, whether completing by hand or machine.  Like the neat storage box too.  Bought extras as gifts for quoting friends."
"These come in really handy, so much more than pins do, because I have a small child at home and am apt to drop a pin on the floor and it is often hard to find those that have no colored heads. If I were to drop one these, the color and size of it makes it simple to find on my wood flooring. Also, I like that these come in their own case. I will buy more of them, eventually. I recommend them to everyone who sews."
easy to use
Loved it!!
Good product quick delivery
Bought these for my daughter and she has done nothing but thank me since they apparently work wonders when she quilts.
"I like these clips- they hold fabric together nicely, and are shaped on one side so that they stay flat. They're excellent for long, straight seams, and are sooo much easier to remove as you're sewing, than pins are! However, that being said, they're not all that useful for smaller, curved, or tight spots. I'm finding that I use straight pins about as much as I did before, unless I'm sewing curtains or other items with long, straight seams. Pluses: well-made, well-designed. Minuses: just not sure that these are something a person can't live without. If you sew a lot of straight lines, get 'em. If you're an average sort of seamstress, who mends things and does the odd top or blouse, you could probably skip 'em. They are nice, though! :)"
Bought these for gifts to fellow sewers. Everyone just loves them. Incredible deal!
These are every bit as wonderful as I have read about and I consider the money well spent.  I use them for many different aspects of quilting and also keeping my pieces organized. I compared the ones I received to a document posted online that describes the counterfeit ones. The ones I received were the real thing.
I use these for all kinds of things and love them they have a secure hold on all types of fabrics.
"really like how they hold binding in place prior to sewing, have recommended them to other quilters"
Love these for binding my quilts!  They work much better than the metal binding clips I used to use.
Thanks
Seems sturdy. I'm hoping to start a project in a couple of weeks that will make good use of them.
great
My favorite quilting tool!  No pins to stick my fingers when I am hand sewing my binding down.
Great clips for holding binding.  I switched over from those metal hair clasps and I love them!  They hold strongly at the right depth and they sit flat on one side.  I love the 50 pack.
Great!!
"I like these a lot better than pins, much easier to work with and no getting poked by sharp pins during fittings. They don't work for everything but they are a useful tool if you like to sew."
Excellent product and quick service
Much better than pins.
Best new product for quilters in years.
great item thank you
Love them in place of straight pins when piecing quilts and putting on bindings.
Great for quilting and holding fabric in its place. Thanks
"Work OK, about like my other clips."
Why did I wait so ling to buy these?  AMAZING!!
"I looooove these clips and they're very well made. They last through a lot of my abuse. I not only use for sewing, but for card making as well. I hate needles and thought these were a miracle when I first found them. Price is worth it. Get the large green ones too!"
"These are smaller than I expected and wanted for machine quilting, but suggest uses that I hadn't considered, like pinning.  Will be perfect for hems -- and alterations!"
"Quick and easy to use, solid!"
Purchased this for a Christmas gift for a quilter.  They said these are great for binding quilts and are a good product.
Great quilting aid.
Love them
"Like most quilting/sewing items, this is high priced for what you get.  The clips work, I just hate paying so much for something so simple."
These little 'wonders' have helped me with my quilt binding!  They securely hold the material in place without pins putting holds in the material.  Love them....
"Perfect for what I needed. Right size, right price. Anywhere else they are three times the price. Love the cases too"
Love them
Great price!
I used them when making a drop cloth for use under a highchair. I had ironed on  heat and bond so it would be easy to wipe off. It was nice not to make holes with pins when I was hemming the project. I think they are a useful item in your sewing kit.
I'm happy with my purchase.
I ordered these clips because of the compliments that others wrote and I am definitely glad that I followed their recommendations. These little guys come in very handy for numerous sewing projects. You won't be disappointed with them!
These are pretty awesome!
I really love these little clips.  They save my fingers from pin pricks when I put the bindings on quilts of all sizes.  They really hold the fabric firmly together.
Good product - will use them for many things in my quilting business
"These are, simply, fabulous!  I've been sewing for decades and have accumulated many notions.  These are so handy and much better than pins for many applications.  I make mittens, slippers, hats etc. from wool.  It's so much easier to use these clips vs pins!"
"perfect, thank you"
really useful for quilting
well made and work well for my quilting projects.
Clips of many uses!  They are getting a lot of use in my sewing room.
Love these a quilters must have
awesome clips for quilting
These are great.  I just wish the did not leave marks on my cards after I remove the clips.
"Oh how I love these clips for holding my binding while I hand sew it down...I own over 400 now.
These clips are fabulous!"
gave as a christmas present
These are very handy for quilt binding!
Love them
perfect size. I can use these with my serger and avoid killing my machine with pins
These are great for binding quilts and sewing materials like leather.
So much easier than pinning on heavy fabrics and long runs.
"Bought 2 boxes, one for me and one as a gift.  They are much easier to use than pins when adding a quilt binding."
Good product
Great Price
"I love the idea of these clips, but they are much smaller than I expected, and difficult for my hands to maneuver. Great idea, but not what I hoped for."
"good product, good service"
I do not know what I did before buying these!!!
"perfect, clips well and actually holds everything in place"
I do love these clips. I make leather purses and have to glue parts together before I stitch. These little clips are tough and hold tight.
"What can I say?  These are the ""must have"" tools for the quilter and sewer, probably one of the very best purchases I've made in the quilting sphere."
I love these in place of pinning. They are easy to use and have a 1/4 and 1/2 inch measurement on the bottom of the clip. Perfect for holding fabrics together where there is any bulk. You can use these for many things.
These are awsome! They are great for keeping fabric or other material together for sewing and craft projects. A great gift for a sewer who has everything!
practical sewing i loved
These are great for holding seams or edges.  I can't believe how long it took me to try them.
So useful!  Perfect for thick projects.
Way better than pins!!!
"These are not as handy as I thought they would be - unless I a using them wrong, they get in the way when stitching."
Excellent product and fast shipping
"Love them - writing this review JUST after using them for the first project ---- and they are a wonderful assistant. Held my fabric perfectly and are easy enough to slip off as it passes through the machine. Haven't found any that don't work. Got the box of 50, and used over half for a small project. Pins (at least for me) can slide fabric around and are tough for my stiff fingers. So, often I'll skip pinning and deal with the consequences. Decent storage box."
Some of these were not Clover quality!  If I had not purchased other pack of these I would not of known .... clover usually is the highest of quality... That must be why these we cheaper!!!
I use these instead of pins.  much easier.
These worked great when sewing leather which you can't pin.  Held everything securely until it went through the machine.  Well worth the purchase!
These clips are fabulous! They are well made although I keep opening the box the wrong way causing them to spill out. That's me though. Great price on Amazon!
Love these !  Great price great product fast shipping.
"I didn't expect to like these as much as I do. They work wonderful and a must have in your sewing toolbox. After using them for a while, I went back and bought another box just in case I lose a few."
Clips are a bit small & many do not have the ability to hold thinner fabrics together. I like the larger clips by the same manufacturer much better. But when the seller heard I was not 100% happy with my purchase they went to great lengths to see that I was satisfied. They even called me to see what they could to do to keep my business. How rare it is today to get this personal service. I would not hesitate to use this seller again.
Love my clips! These are so expensive in the quilting stores.
"The real reason I bought this was because I just wanted to spend money that I don't have. My expectations were that I was getting a gimmicky item I wouldn't use. However, having left all my pins at another house I used them. They are way easier. Also, way better as the fabric layers stay flat and don't pucker. The hold is tight enough they hold strong. I had multiple layers of fabric with different folds in the one layer, and should normally have tacked the first folds before pinning the next layer, but having the pinch clips at the edge of the fabric was better and I easily just went straight to my machine. I don't know how to say why that this was so much easier and better, but really it just was. Glad to use these instead of pins whenever possible."
"These clips are awesome!  I have found so many uses for them, they are an indispensable little item!  I work with leather, so of course, pins don't work for sewing or clipping patterns to my ""material"". These little babies don't leave any marks on the leather like clips we've used in the past.  I use them as paper clips, clothes pins, and to clip pairs of BJD shoes together in the doll closet.  I use them to close food bags (like a chip clip) and to hang small wet laundry items up to dry.  Crazy useful!  I love them and keep buying more packages as I find new uses for them!"
"Really hold everything together.  Because they're flat on the bottom, you can wait until just before the foot to take them off, making sure your project doesn't slip.  Would definitely buy again"
"Great product which will make certain procedures involved in my sewing and quilting much easier.
I highly recommend!"
Worked great for putting on quilt binding.
These clips work great.  No more pin pokes!
Perfect hand binding tool.
I use these all the time while sewing projects.
I just love these things.  They do such a great job of holding my fabrics together.  No getting pricked from pins.
I haven't used a pin since I bought these suckers!! They have markers inside them that will help you mark 1/4 seam and 1/2. Def a keeer!
There are some situartions which really need clips rather than pins or even tape.  These do the job great.
"I love these clips and use on a regular basis. They  are  Good sized , with the right tension so the stay where they are put. Glad for the 50 piece pack. Have not had even one break under any circumstance."
Best clips ever for the quilter or sewing enthusiast.  And you cannot beat this price.
"Love, love love these!!!  do not hesitate to give as a gift to your favorite quilter/seamstress!"
Very functional wish I had them years ago.
"How did I ever do a quilt binding without these???!!! Best invention EVER! If you quilt or sew or are married to one of those, buy these. I'm so in love with these clips."
These are wonderful--no more pricked fingers--wish I'd had them a long time ago--bought more to give to friends.
"Absolutely fantastic. Ideal for holding thicker fabrics together instead of pins and in awkward places when pins are not strong enough.
Well worth having. I am recommending them to all my friends who quilt and sew"
These are great!  I often work on small projects and when I am preparing to sew them together I can avoid pins.  They are relatively easy to grab and clip.
I use these for many sewing crafts when i need to manipulate and hold without pins.  GREAT product.  Can't live without !
These work very well.  Love using them on the binding on quilts when sewing by hand
Love these for holding fabric together for my sewing projects.
"These clips are so much better than straight pins for most projects, they really hole the fabric in place."
"I always resisted buying these clips because they were sooo expensive at the local fabric/sewing stores. Luckily Amazon has them for a fabulous price! I bought two packages initially and after using them to help sew bulky bags and purses I can't imagine how I could do without them! They are bar none the best sewing invention in years (since the rotary cutter)! I find I don't need or use them for basic quilt piecing because I am working with less layers and lighter cottons so the clip can weigh the pieces down and be a bit floppy. But these are must have items if you do any type of sewing construction where you are working with multiple layers or heavy fabric! They would be perfect for sewing denim jeans, etc. ever bend a pin or severely stick yourself trying to pin heavy fabrics? These make all of that unnecessary. I did just buy 2 more 50 piece boxes because Amazon has a lower price than the already low price they had a month ago. Stock up now before the price goes up. Why 4 stars? I found 6 ""dead"" clips in the first box of 50 I opened. I haven't opened any of the others and I suspect I will find them in those boxes as well. That's the reason I ultimately bought 4 boxes. I can't do without these."
These really works great for so many projects.  I like them so much I've ordered them for another person.
"Not sure how I happened upon these, but they are so useful. They hold fabric firmly. Great for lining things up and holding pieces together without pins."
When I opened and counted and tested each clip 3 of them were broken.  All in All I love to use these clips on my projects.
These clips work great!  They do not slip like pins do.  Recommended for those serious sewers.
I gave to my sister who quilts.  She say they are fantastic.
"I saw these in a national retail box store for $49 and thought there had to be a cheaper alternative, so I turned to Amazon and found them for just under $12. As soon as they arrived I tore open the package and set to work on my latest quilt. These are excellent for holding sets of fabric together rather then pinning everything. When I am quilting I like to lay everything out after I have cut all my pieces. I then use the clips to keep the pieces in the appropriate pile so I can just grab the next one and sew them together. They also work great when basting or adding the border/binding.

However, while the price was great I have to say that like some others have posted not all my clips are functional. Right out of the box I had 5 that had no tension at all with a few of those having the metal clip wobbling loosely. After using them only twice I am now down another 3 that will no longer hold tension. With 16% of the product already worthless it seems to me that I should expect several more to fail before too long and probably should not expect to have them all last more then a few years. That is a bit disheartening. I understand nothing last forever and anything using tension as a method of holding is bound to have some loosening over time, to have 15%+ fail within a day or two is not at all acceptable.  Even with that though this is still a fairly good product that DOES make my time at the sewing machine much easier. I would rather slide a clip off rather than undoingsafety pins or sticking myself every few minutes with a straight pin."
better than sliced bread!
"Very useful for the seamstress or quilter and for other crafting as well.  Quite expensive, but none of them have broken with regular and frequent use."
Fabulous!!!  No more getting stabbed with pins and easy to find if you drop one. Got a box of 50 for my BFF also and she is raving about them!
"Just put a binding on a very large quilt, using my machine and it helped there. Will definitely use for either hand or machine binding."
Haven't tried these yet but will soon.  Learning to quilt.
"great for sewing room, takes place of pins."
Work beautifully to keep the binding on my quilts as I finished the handwork. This price is fantastic.
"I am a quilter and find these are far less cumbersome than the traditional ""hair clips"" that I've used for years to hold my binding in place.  They hold the fabric without leaving long term dents in it.  The price is very reasonable and far less than you would pay in most quilt shops. Very happy with my purchase."
"Love these,  so much easier than trying to pin a binding and machine quilting it.  Works so easy."
"I'm still getting used to these clips, but they do grip well and have been a bit handier than pins."
Totally in love with product and how easy it is to use
Was a great price and very easy to use.
Excellent.
Love these sure save a lot of time
Wow! These little clips are great! No more pin sticks or pins falling out. Grips firmly through all the layers. Awesome!
"These have come in so handy, I would definitely go ahead and get these!"
Wish I had these sturdy clips years ago.  They are strong and so much easier to use than pins.  And they're less likely to kill the cat if she eats one.
"Really quick and easy, no more stabbing myself in the fingers when pinning thicker layers of fabric. Makes hemming a lot easier. Also great for sewing beginners!"
I've used these at work and they're great.  Sometimes I need a clip with a longer reach and so I use the green size which are bigger. I work in a costume shop on masks/crowns/hats/etc. and when we were introduced to these clips all of us grabbed some.  They work better than pins when we have to glue or connect 3D objects together.
great replacement to straight pins and remove so fast
"Just what I needed. Thanks,"
love the
"Great price, but some of the metal on the clips, was rusty."
"Just used these for a project.  They are great when marking fabric, but cumbersome when cutting."
Excellent product. Arrived quickly!
"I like using these clips instead of straight pins. Every time I use straight pins, I stick myself! These clips are great!"
"great quality item, quick shipping"
love this
great clips for helping me work on bags sewing. I use them a lot to hold in place- better than using pins!
Love these clips make quiting easier they do take getting used to opposed to other regular pins.
These are not the genuine Clover Wonder Clips.  They are a sad imitation and not worth the money.
"If you are a quilter and you have these, you know they are great when binding off your quilts.  I have over a hundred of these and use them all the time when binding my quilts.  I even bought some for a Christmas present for a fellow quilter."
Love these little clips.  I use them for all kinds of projects but mostly for sewing.
"I bought these when I was first learning to sew, and now I can't imagine sewing without them. I rarely use stick pins.  So far I have mostly used them to sew cloth diaper covers (slipper PUL fabric sewn to stretchy microfleece fabric -- really tricky to sew!) and knit jersey material (notorious for being tricky to sew) and these clips are essential."
Love them.
Have had these clips less than 48 hours but love them!  I use the to hold crochet projects that need sewn together.  Clips hold the pieces together very well until you can sew them in place.
"Saw it, bought it, got it, used it:  Loved it!!!  Great invention, I wish I would have thought of it, simple and easy to use.  Strong and multi-functional.  Like 50 extra little fingers to hold stuff in place.  I already used them to wrap and glue some material as a background color around a board in a shadowbox.  Holding the fabric in place with these clips for gluing worked perfectly.  I recommend and will buy as gifts.  The price seems to be the best here."
"these are ok. hard to open. I think I'll still use pins, but I think these will be useful for my leather/pleather/vinyl projects. they really weigh the project down. I'm not 100% sold on this item. I don't think they are that great, but I love me a tool for sewing so own them I did."
"It is a little early for an assessment of the clips , since I got them less thatn 24 hrs ago, have not had a chance to use them
but they certainly look like a step up from pinning everything and they got her fast."
very good!
"I use these in quilting any time I can rather than use straight pins - for holding cut pieces together, for securing corners and fabric folded on bindings prior to stitching, for holding pieces and labels together, etc.  Both this size and the larger size have a space for the fold in the fabric, they hold fabric securely without damaging it, and are easy to attach and remove with my weak hands. Someone wisely said ""buy them in bulk - 50 pk"" and that was very good advice. With several stations in my quilting room and a supply bad outfitted for classes, I probably have 200 of the red and 100 of the green and still sometimes run out.  GREAT PRODUCT!"
Wonderful to do business with.
I love these ... so many uses and so little time to discover more! LOL
Perfect thank
I like these wonder clips; easy to use and nice looking.
"I use wonder clips a lot and these were well priced. Wonder clips can be used on
 many projects instead of pins. These are a must when putting binding on."
Great for sewing binding or thick projects like wallets/purses/travel bags. Amazing price from amazon!
Love these!  Much better than using pins and handy for lots of things.  Comes in a great case for storage and easy to use!
Great quality
"I love these clips. I love them when I work with binding on a small or large quilt. I love them especially now that I'm starting to work with knit fabric. They come in handy for fabric that get damaged if they get poked with sewing pins. For instance, for when I sew my daughter's cloth diapers, I use these and no holes in the PUL fabric!

 This is the second box I've bought and they pretty well made. Haven't had one clip break on me yet! They also lay flat as they come up to the sewing machine. Just make sure they are far enough from your sewing foot so they get caught in the needle."
These are strong little clips that will not crease your quilt bindings.  The hang on even when I flip my quilt around and shake it out!
"These are super handy for sewing.  There are so many items I used to pin and now I clip.  They are holding up well and I will be purchasing more in the future.

I had pretty high expectations for the product before using them, but they are just so much more useful and well made that they have exceeded my expectations."
GREAT deal compared to my local store (the price difference was huge). Wonder Clips are awesome. I'm using them for holding bias tape in place while pinning. I also use it on my daughter's sewing projects. Better than needles for smalls.
These really are Wonder Clips..LOVE...Excellent Trasaction
Just received these and I am not sure if these are a knockoff or ?  Of the  fifty in the pack two were broken and another 7-8 are not usable- so maybe 40 of the 50 are tight--So if you purchase check them because the quality control for this product is pretty poor with a 20% failure rate  --
These clips are very sturdy and do their job just perfectly.  I'll be purchasing the larger ones next.
Use these for my quilting and they are great.
Just not that great
Love these!  They hold my pieced block sets together and firmly and I don't stick myself with pins.
These clips are great for holding quilt binding in place.  They stay put and don't seem to get in the way like pins and other clips I've tried.  Highly recommend them.  They are the rage with local quilters.
These are the best.
What a helpful product.  Very well made.
Love these clips. Great for holding bulky fabric seams or fabrics you shouldn't use pins on for sewing. Every sewist needs to have at least one box of 50...
I can't believe I hadn't gotten these sooner. They are FANTASTIC and make sewing so much faster than pins!
Great product
"At first I was not happy with these at all.  I ordered based on sewing friends highly recommending them over pins.  My first package over 1/2 of the package the clips were very loose and would not hold onto the package.  They were replaced thinking I was sent a defective box.  Now the replacement box there are about 1/4 that are loose.  Since I was told to keep the defective box, I didn't bother calling back about the replacement.  I just chucked the loose ones.  I just wish the whole box was as secure as the ones that work great.  Hopefully it's just that I got a bad batch.  I also got a different container as the style of this container is difficult to open and close.  I don't think I will be using these all the time, but for some projects that are thicker, these will come in handy."
Great for holding binding down as you hand sew it on!
works great and nice not getting needle sticks
These are great and work perfect holding binding in place instead of pins
Love these wonder clips. So useful and helpful. Use them to hold fabric on embroidery hoop and also to hold binding on quilts for sewing.
Nice
"Well I now know why they are called Wonder Clips....  you wonder if they will hold all the time!  Out of 3 boxes,(one I gave to my daughter) we had a bunch in each box that did not work!  they were lose as soon as you tried to use them the first time.  The spring type clasp that keeps them closed tight gave out and they were very lose, could not use them to hold tight the second time needed!!!
Out of the ones that did hold tight and more than once are very good, they do hold the material in place!"
Tired of getting torn up putting on binding and using pins; these work great and really hold.  Definitely worth the price!
Great!  This is the 5th pack I have bought.  Wish they had the larger pack available then.
"Easy to use, better than pinning."
These take the place of pinning for many of my sewing projects.
"Disappointed in these ~ the first one i tried, it opened, but then wouldn't clamp back shut ~ I put 3 folds of fabric in it and it slipped right off ~ of the ones i tried, over a dozen did this exact same thing ~ it's like the metal bent and wouldn't give the tension again to the clip ~ I returned :("
There's a good reason these things are recommended by name by quilters all over... and I agree wholeheartedly.  I love these!
These really help a lot during the sewing phase of a hem alteration.  These can be left on while feeding fabric through the sewing machine.  Great little gadgets!
Wonderful product - quick and easy to use.  Now I don't have to fumble with pins!
I like the clips but some of them have broken and I have only used them once
"A must for quilters, and using your imagination, great for lots of other things that require small clips to hold things in place."
If u r a quilter u will loves these clips they work wonderfully
Love these for seams and for working with leather.
Thanks for the quick delivery!!!  Really love these!
"I sew for a lot of elderly people with thin skin and thought that it would be better to use these than pins.  How we, they fell off of the garments before I got them home, so I lost my seam guidelines and had to go back and re-do the measurements with pins anyway."
"Love them, work so easy"
These work great and are strong.
"Wonderful little clips! Great for holding together multiple layers of fabric, but also just the regular couple. I'd heard these praised by others, and thought they were a bit expensive, but the sale on Amazon brought them into more reasonable territory, and I'm delighted I jumped on the opportunity to try them. Love!"
"These are great to use when adding binding on your quilts.  Great, great.  Love them"
"same product I would buy at Joanns, but much better price."
Great tool!!!!
These are great for quilting and embroidery work!
I purchased the clips for binding quilts. I normally used to pin my binding and would get stuck by them (they are really sharp and draw blood) -- So now I will be only be using the Clover Wonder Clips!!  I love love love them!!!
"So much easier than pins.  These are extremely helpful when sewing bias onto fabric.  I also bought a foot for my machine to do this, but it doesn't work well with terry cloth and bias tape.  These make that job quick and accurate."
They work great..I plan to purchase more.
These are awesome - and the best price anywhere!
These work great.  I use them mainly to hold the binding on with I am hand sewing it to my quilt.  It makes the process a little easier.
These clips are great.  Love them
Quality and good price.  These were a finger-tip saver!
"A gift for my mum, and she said she loved these and uses them a lot."
Best thing since sliced bread! No sewing project without wonder clips!
Clover wonder clips are absolutely wonderful!  So many uses and great for bulky layers
"I am super pleased to find these at this price after my friend told me how great they are. I'm already using them to hold quilt binding while I sew it down. I see myself using them for many other sewing tasks instead of pins, and probably getting another box.  Marked down to 4 stars because my package only had 48 instead of 50. I've emailed customer service at Clover and will update with their response - if I get one."
Don't know how I ever managed without them! Fabulous addition to any sewing room.
These are awesome love
"I'm a sewer and quilter, didn't realize how often I would use these clips.  I find I use them almost every day, I make a lot of blocks and use these to keep them together instead of pins that poke your fingers.  They are  perfect when I'm binding my quilts. I use them to hold the cut fabric when I'm paper piecing, I love not having to use pins."
"Great product. Holds material firmly without sharp pins. I didn't think I would need 50, but I've used the whole box at once already to clip mitered corners in place while sewing a bunch of cloth napkins. Two per corner, four corners per napkin...it adds up quickly. They also don't seem to rust, which is great."
"I have a package of Clover Wonder Clips that I did not buy from this seller and they work perfectly. These must be a bad batch. I've already thrown several of them away because they have no spring action or the clip is too difficult to open. Comparing the metal of the clips that I already had to these, I noticed that the metal on these looks very tarnished compared to my older clips."
"These are very clever in their design. At first I held off ordering them because they seemed to be touted by quilters mostly, and I wanted to use them for sewing. Well, they are great for that, and other artistic mediums I work in as well. It may seem silly to take the time to write about this. But any tool that makes a job easier on a regular basis especially in a business is a happy find."
Great price for a set of 50.  Super pleased.
These are amazing and help so much I hate using pins when I don't need them I can use these to finish edges quickly.
Love these clips for binding quilts. So much easier than using pins. Also great for holding blocks together when sewing rows.
"Pretty much the same as office stationary binder clips. However, because these clips have incremental markings they may offer additional benefit.
I am a guy who was obligated to do some sewing. These clips made my project a lot easier to complete."
they really help to keep the binding where it should stay
Very pleased with this purchase!  Thank you!
I love using these little clips.  They hold my fabric layers in place and I don't get poked by pins!
"After seeing lots of youtube sewing tutorials using these clips, I wanted to try them. They did not disappoint!  So fast to use, no buckling or warping. Great for vinyl and I find myself doing more vinyl sewing now that I have these. Glad I got the big 50-pack."
Excellent product. Works well for my mum's quilting project
Great buy and an excellent product. I have recommended to my friends and customers.
Love these clips! I hardly ever use pins now if I can help it. I own two of the 50 count packs and my mother-in-law had to have some too (which was a great stocking stuffer).
Great deal. Clips hold well.
I love these little things for quilting and knitting.
I had these on my wish list for quite some time and I FINALLY ordered them.  I just finished binding a large quilt and I used these small red ones.....and they were terrific.  I wish I had ordered them sooner!
"Having used them several months, can't do without them when applying binding to a quilt.  Also very handy to clip parts together after cutting to keep pieces sorted for a quilt.  They leave no marks."
"I purchased a box of 50 from a local store and absolutely loved them. I used them to hold the binding on quilts and still do. They are fantastic, much better than pins. They hold without puckering the material! and if you machine bind your quilts, the markings on the clips (a little hard to see) do really help you not ""catch"" the binding on the front while stitching the binding on the back side of the quilt.

Reason for 2 stars: I loved these so much I purchased an additional 50 pack box here on Amazon. When I started using them it was bad, bad, bad. About half of the clips broke on first use. The metal strip that hold the clip tight became loose making the clip useless. I was so disappointed! I can understand a few breaking but 50 percent is just unacceptable. I don't know if I just received a bad batch or the company has changed the metal they are using. Either way it makes me a little hesitant of ordering them again.

Surprisingly I received an email from Amave (the seller) asking me how my shopping experience was. I explained what happened and told them that I didn't feel like it was their fault, they didn't manufacture them, which is why I hadn't contacted them. To my surprise they emailed me back and refunded the purchase price as they said they didn't feel like I should be out the money. WOW! great customer service!!!!"
"There are so many sewing ""things"" out there that you don't really need. However, these are a must. I use them for everything - just wish I wold have bought SOONER!!"
Works great
"These are good for so many things. I use them to hold my bindings down now, instead of being poked w/ pins."
Better than using straight pins!
"clips were not what I expected, they have to be removed to sew the edge of material."
These are fantastic for holding the binding on s quilt as it is sewn on.
Love them
"Purchased these after watching a quilting video on Craftsy.  These have so many uses that they are now indispensable to my sewing.  They hold glued items together, hold seams together while sewing and are great for measuring adjustments on clothing while on children who are 100% sure you are going to stick them with a pin!  They are small enough not to be a hinderance and strong enough to temporarily hold things.  I recommend them as a must have sewing tool.  I read that some folks thought they were pricey, but I think they are a tool  that is worth paying for given the benefit they provide and the quality of the product."
Love these time-saving little wonders! I use them in place of pins. No more ouchies!
Clips work great except alot were broken when opened package
These are just what I needed. I purchased these to use on leather while sewing as I can not use pins as that would leave holes. I like them so much I even use them when I could use pins. Every sewing room need these Wonder Clips...
"Huge time saver!  These clips work exactly like a pen in function, but are WAY quicker.  When time is money this is a necessity.  These clips make my sewing a breeze.  Easy to put on and remove, yet with a solid holding power when you need it.  If you sew a lot, these clips are a must have!"
Excellent
I use these for holding quilt binding in place while stitching.  Great product.
Excellent service and great product!  Thank you!
"I was using clothespins before I ordered these Wonder Clips and they are amazing. I thought they were a little pricey almost being $20.00, but if you are an avid sewer or quilter, they are totally worth it!"
"Wow. These make me feel like a much better seamstress! Perfect any time you would normally use pins on the edges of your projects. These are so much faster and don't wrinkle the fabric like pins can sometimes on small projects. Awesome for binding quilts, as well.

If you ask me they are a bit pricy for a fancy plastic clip, but hey, someone had to invent them. I wish I'd discovered these sooner!"
"These things are amazing. I started off with a smaller pack and once I used them I ordered the 50 pack right away.  The per perfect for holding layers of fabric together. I am not a professional, but I think anyone who sews should add these to their sewing kit."
"After reading the reviews about these for weeks, I finally decided to buy them.  I've used them a few times in a few different ways and here's what I've found:
- they're great for thick fabrics and sewing things with multiple layers as they help to keep the fabric flat and from bunching up like what can happen with pins.  They're also easy to apply than pins can be on thick fabric
- they're not great for thinner fabric or things with really tight seam allowances like a stretch knit maxi dress with a 5/8 inch seam allowance (just sayin').  The reason is that as you feed the fabric through your machine you have to remove the clip when your seam allowance is tight which means you end up pulling the fabric a bit to remove the clip and it then distorts the edge you're sewing

So in short, I think these are great for certain projects and applications but not for everything so you'll still need to hang on to your straight pins."
Really like using these.  They hold firm and while working on canvas material I did not want holes in they held the fabric together very well.  The only holes I wanted to see was where I had done my sewing on.  I have also used these to hold my quilting pieces together and if they drop on the floor they are easy to spot unlike pins sometimes.  I will be buyinging another package of them soon.
"Great for working with delicate material you don't want pin holes in (like silks or brocade). And handy for more than just sewing. I've used them for pinning back fabrics for decorating sets. Like a clothes pin but smaller with a better grip.

Took a star off cause they are so darn expensive."
Excellent
The clips are interesting and lots of OUT OF BOX USES come to mind too. I tested them out for a camping clothes line pin and voila they are perfect little gems for that use. Putting away the camping gear for this year as tomorrow is Sept 1 and the weather has flipped to wet and well wetter. COOL temps too. Anyway sewing well I found these after I managed to stick my fingers multiple times recently on a major sewing job. By the time I was finished with it I felt like I had been sacraficed to the Sewing GODs as a human pin cushion. These gods are not forgiving. I'm an experienced sewer from fancy gowns to outdoor heavy duty gear including sleeping bags and tents. And my favorite fabrics are coated nylons of every weight and upholstery tapestries. So pins have always been a must but never so many pricks. If I disappear my husband might get charged with cutting me up and carrying me out with the mattress covers I just made there is so much DNA left behind. Ok too many The Closer re-runs. I'd give these 5 stars but the price kept jumping. I finally was forced to skip off to another site other than Amazon to purchase without seeing the price jump after putting in my to buy box. Really jumped as much as 8 dollars up then back down a bit then up. Today at this moment they are down. I just gave up and bought two boxes of 50 each. The one in pink and the one in Red. Why both...because sometimes it helps to see a direction or one color might be seen better than another on different fabric backgrounds. These remind me of mini chip bags. I am sure some well too find their way to that use. Actually might be great for sealing up bags of sewing hardware such as D rings and tiny buckles too. Though they do have their limits and in all reality can't be compared to a PIN for placement say in the middle of the fabric....I've been known to handle yards at a time where everything has to be lined up perfectly...and these will work with my pins. They don't make your fingers bleed. I think they might be hard to use for people with joint problems or weaker hands. I like them so far. I've got three major sewing projects to get through this next week. And one they won't be a help with and pin's it'll have to be. Sewing two XL twin upper and bottom covers together with a 184 custom cut zipper run before going into just the simple seam to sew the rest all around the middle. The seam they would be fine but not the zipper at least not the way I sew them. I use zippers in my work a lot. So I've looked at these twice now trying to figure out an approach but haven't found one. So really I look at these as a newbie tool to my life...to enhance sewing with and without pins. And maybe add some extra things it can do to...like tiny clothes pins next summer. I can't wait and when someday I get a tiny camper these can come along in their box and be the cutest little pins ever. I honestly think they could hold up a mens pair of wet blue jeans. I am now a fan.  PS better hide from HUBBY if he sees them he'll have to get his own. So far I haven't seen them in mens colors...yet !!!!!
Great price and quality!
This clips do the job. They are strong.
My husband bought these for me for Christmas.  These are great!
Great price and work well.
Great!!
These clips worked great.  I'm using them right now.
"The clips help to hold fabric folded for hemming or binding. They are very handy and I was very glad to find a big 50 piece package here on Amazon. I like that they let the item lay almost flat, and there are also markings molded at the bottom for more precise work."
"These are wonderful.  I bought them for binding and they are the perfect thing for it but I have also found them to pretty much completely replace pins in all of my sewing projects.  I've used them in hemming, machine sewing quilt blocks, machine sewing anything really and even in English paper Piecing.  I find that the papers last longer when they are clipped as opposed to pinned.  I have cats and kids and a husband who prefers not to walk on pins so these clips have been great for all of us."
great for thin quilts
"The clips are amazing! I don't know how I got along without them in my sewing up until now. They make pins in binding look like a silly idea. I need another package to do bigger projects, and I can probably think up a whole lot of other uses for them."
Wonderful little clips - easy on and easy off - perfect for doing easy binding on small quilts and table runners.
These are great for sewing on bindings - no more stuck fingers.
Cute little gadgets
"SUPER, SUPER, SUPER easy to work with.  I reach for these more so than pins any more. I think I need another box! Quality is perfect, has a nice container that they come in too."
This is a great product for sewers and quilters.  They make binding and other similar tasks easy.
Love these for my quilting projects.
Fabulous for holding your bindings
These clips are OK.  They are not as easy to use as I had hoped!
Wife loves them for quilting.
"These work fine and I like that they have seam allowances marked on them. That said, I was all excited to use them, then realized that while they're slightly easier to use that my pins... I still won't necessarily use them for every project. I like to live dangerously and not pin if the project isn't too crazy.

My main goal getting these was to reduce how often I use pins so nobody gets one in their feet accidentally. You'll still need to use pins occasionally because some projects will require you pin further in on the fabric. But using less means you can count them after to make sure they all made it back in the pin box.

Not super excited about the box these came in... it's okay (sturdy) but I feel like it could be easier to get open and closed because this is the type of box you want to keep and use long term."
"When I ordered these clips I knew they would work and happily I was able to get them on sale,for less ,even with the cost of poatage than locally.thank you"
"Dont know how i lived/quilted without theses, they are great"
Works well.
"Haven't used them yet, but I have friends that have them and love them.  Great price!"
So cool.  Save so much time as opposed to using pins plus the added perk of not stabbing myself with the pins.  They really do hold together.  Glad I bought them
"Just a comment to the few who rated these a one star.  Obviously 816 people are totally clueless by giving these a 5.  I don't think I have ever seen an item on Amazon with this many 5 stars, and with such a major defect as not working on something they are not made for.  Despite what you want to believe, go with what is on the package in the photo.  If you supersize the photo, it says that these clips work on a variety of crafts.  Not all crafts.  If you order something and it does not work for your particular purpose, but there is nothing wrong with the item itself, then please refrain from reviewing it.  You really do a disservice to those of us who count on valid reviews on the product, not reviews on your thinking process.  Thank you.  BTW, this company makes a jumbo size also that probably do work for what you want them to do.  P.S.  I have purchased these items, so this is my review of them."
Great price and great product.
Wonderful little tools.  Great for sewers to have!
"These are very strong and hold well, but they are quite small. Just the thing for what I needed."
"My boyfriend got a package of these little red clips for me.  I've used them on a couple of projects recently - a cotton dress and a tulle skirt.  The cotton dress would have been fine to pin, but I wanted to experiment with these pins.  I haven't used pins since - I can't prick my fingertips with them, I can try stuff on clipped and not gouge my skin, and they hold the fabric together for sewing better than pins!  They were even more useful for the tulle skirt, into which I was putting pleats.  Using pins would made that job a huge hassle, but these clips made it a snap!  I'm going to get a bag of the big ones now.  These are amazing!"
CLIPS DO THE JOB.
Alles super.
A must for quilting. So many uses.  Very attractive price.
Absolutely love them .... My ladies that come to my class have all ordered them from you . They are such a good price.
"I make tactical bags, backpacks and tents and wonder clips hold the pieces together without slipping. I can run these up to the presser foot and easily remove them, I have problems inserting and removing pins due to the thickness of the fabric. I can assemble an entire pack to check how the pieces of fabric will fit ( no distortion like pins) then just move over to the sewing machine and get perfect seams every time. This 50 per pack is a great deal compared to the brick and mortar sewing stores. If you have to move your work around to mock up the fit these won't disappoint."
They are nice but I'm not using them as much as I thought I would.
Couldn't do without them!
Great!!!  works better than clothespins.
"fast shipping, great price, great product much better than pins. thanks"
"These are so handy for so many things.  Used them to set the pleats in my draperies, among other things."
very handy for projects you can't use pins on. good grip.
Sent these to my mother who quilts.  She loves them.
"These wonderful clips got me through some difficult cushion cover construction.  The fabric was so tightly woven I could not use pins, but these little guys filled the bill."
Very handle for my small projects  thanks
worked well for my quilting project
Love these clips. They hold the fabric nicely and can be moved around easily. No more finger pokes!!!
"Love these, makes sewing binding nice, no more pins all around!!"
WORKS WONDERFUL
How did I ever craft without them??
"These are fantastic, absolutely the best for binding a quilt."
These things are fantastic with oil cloth
"Great little gadgets. They help hold a folded up quilt while sewing and also work well for holding things in place while measuring, etc."
I love them. Specially if you are making bags you need to get this.
"I don't know how I've lived without these all the 40+ years I've been sewing - they are the best! I was on the fence forever about getting them because I have so many pins and wondered if I really needed to spend money on these. Well, I really need them, that's for sure. They just make sewing so much easier. Not to mention no finger pricks, no pins getting jammed into the sewing machine as I'm trying to sew Mario Andretti speed. The pins would get stuck into the machine and I'd have to stop and pick them out and it would slow me down so much and irritate me to no end - but no more. I haven't touched my pins since I got these. I usually sew barefoot so no more worrying about stepping on a pin. These clips make me so happy. My sewing area is already my happy place but now it's my even happier place!"
The best thing since sliced bread for sewists.  Expensive but worth every penny.
"These are wonderful for ""quick holds"" for projects and I've used them at least 15 times since opening them -- great bargain price, too."
By far one the best things I have bought. These clips are brilliant. They hold firm without leaving a mark. I use them all the time and cannot recommend them highly enough.
Nice for sewing
"Oh yes, these are wonderful.  I use them to hold seams together as I hand sew them on knitting projects. Thanks!"
Use these all the time for bindings and holding paper piecing projects.
These make it so much easier to keep fabric together when cutting or sewing and I do not stick myself with a straight pin.
Got what I wanted for many sewing projects - they won't prick me...
I use these A LOT while sewing! They are so much easier most of the time then using pins.
My Mother-in-law does a lot of quilting and I bought these for her birthday. She LOVES them. She said they hold the material firmly in place and even make the edges easier.
"Seemed like a super idea, but in practice, the clips are too heavy and pinch the fabrics. I've decided that pins work better and catch more area of the fabrics edges, so it is easier to sew, whether by hand or with machine. This refers to biding a quilt."
they work just great
These clips are so useful.
I've been using these clips for numerous things & really enjoy them. Highly recommend them
"GREAT price!  I use these clips for fastening bias quilt binding on my quilts.  The clips are easy to hold and to position, they hold fabric/batting and binding in place, no sharp points, no pin pricks, no danger for yourself or your kitties or other pets if you store the piece for later sewing or if you travel with it.  I bought 4 packs and use them all of the time. They come packaged in a cool clear plastic storage container.  The price on Amazon is amazing as opposed to many local shops and on line specialty stores that I researched prior to purchase.  Thank you."
"absolutely fantastic, will be buying more"
Thank you!
"I never had seen these before but they are wonderful for quilting.  They are sturdy and the clamp pressure is strong but not too strong.  I still need pins of course for basting the interior of the quilts but for the exteriors or just holding together pieces that are already cut and waiting to be used, I can't think of a better way to keep them together."
Daughter-in law is into quilting and she loves this item.
Great for binding quilts. Have given these to all my quilter friends.
"These clips have a lot of strength. After machine sewing the binding to the front of the quilt, I turn the binding to the back of the quilt to hand sew it. I use the clips to hold the binding in place. Now the binding sews on much neater and smoothly. Very glad to have two sets."
I had heard about these clips at a quilting class and wanted to try them.  They were very expensive at the fabric store so I checked Amazon and found the same clips much cheaper.  They are excellent!  I am using them right now to hold the turned-over edges of my quilt binding while I slip stitch the binding.  Great product and I never get stuck with pins anymore!
"These are great for applying and sewing binding, and holding on fabric prior to sewing. A lot of uses for these guys."
These are great with fleece - sometimes I need to sew through as many as 6 layers of fleece and using a needle to hold the fabric is impossible. These work great with none of the warping a needle would have.
These are handy when I fold back my excess fabric when doing my counted cross stitch.
Great clips for sewing.
What took me so long to buy these?  They are great for holding down the binding on the quilt for machine or hand stitching.  Much nicer than pins poking you!  I also use them for holding together long strips of fabric instead of pins.
These work great putting quilt blocks together.
"At a time when prices are higher but quantities are less, this product is a real bargain.  I have ordered these twice and will probably order again!"
Simply put - I could not quilt without them!
Very strong and well made.
They are handy for putting my quilts together and I love them! I am ordering the larger wonder clips also
"As a new quilter, I have used these to apply binding.  They are great.  What a wonderful invention!  Worth the cost!"
"Wasn't sure on these at first. Bought on rating alone. Then I had to bind a quilt. After the first foot or so of a twin size bed quilt, I was sold! Sooo glad I purchased these. May also get the larger ones in the future."
very nice
These clips work great when you're applying a quilt binding. No more sticking yourself with straight pins. I don't think I'll ever put on another binding without them.
"These gadgets are one of the best things to come along for quilters and sewers.  They arrived in a timely manner, and the price was definitely advantageous ... thank you."
These were purchased as a gift and she absolutely loves them! So much easier then pins and if you drop them they are easy to find.
"These small easy little clips has saved me from bending pins and poking my fingers.
The clips work great where thick fabric is to be sewn, removing the clips is also
so easy.  In the past it was difficult to get a pin out of the fabric before the sewing needle
hits and breaks.  Expensive, butt hey are worth it !!!"
"I really like these. They're simple, cute, and I like not having to pull and fold the quilt binding as I'm working my way along. They're small and unobtrusive so my thread doesn't get caught on them or wrapped around them very often as I'm sewing, and they come in a nice little carrying case.

I also like how the shape lends itself to the natural rounded shape the quilt binding will take, so it doesn't come out looking wonky or pinched. They certainly aren't necessary for making a quilt, but they're nicely made, functional, and nice to have."
"These are great and have saved me many ""sticks"" with straight pins. I use them for putting on bias or even keeping block pieces together. Very nice new product. I think I have 200 now!"
"Cool!  I love these little guys...I ""wonder"" what I ever did without them."
"Love these things!  What a great price too!  If your a quilter I highly recommend these to needles, holds on and easy to use."
These clips are wonderful. They eliminate the need for pinning the binding. No more pin pricked fingers when hand sewing.
I used for binding my quilt. It was nice not being stuck by pins every time I moved my quilt.
Got to use these for the first time and must say wish they had these years ago. Will definitely order these again if needed.
Love these clips! I repair horse blankets and these hold  the trim on the edges much better and faster than pins.  Used them to hold binding on a zipper edge with ease.
"For when it's too thick to pin, these are awesome.  A friend gave me some as a gift and I didn't know how great a gift it was until I used them.  Now, I have a box at my home and at my sewing school."
LOVE these!!!  Great when you are working with a fabric pins will not go thru or you do not want to make pin  marks in plastic/vinyl that you are working with.... great price
"I ordered these on line and the mistake was mine, I ordered the large and thought they were bigger.
no problem I am keeping them and will order larger ones in the future.
virginia in ca"
These are very handy for lots of quilting uses. I especially like them for binding quilt edges. Will definitely get my monies worth out of them.
"I use them for every thing I can. No more pins.  great to use in Millinery, bridal, with serger and other applications"
These clips are so convenient to use.  They hold their position and don't get in the way and are easy to remove.
No longer using pins as these are easy to hold the materail together before sewing a seam.  Also great to use while working on a garment with your dress form.
Perfectly secures quilt binding for hand sewing!  No more jabs from multiple pins holding the binding in place.  Wonder Clips are the best.
"If you do any kind of sewing these are a life saver!  Quilting or garment sewing, they work great.  I will get more."
Not sure if this is my favorite quilting tool but definitely in me personal top 5!  These clips made it so easy to finish my binding of my quilt. These also worked well on keeping a purse lining it place while too-stitches it.
"I have used them for all kinds of things.  Most recently I used them, instead of pins, when hemming a pair of pants."
"My mom is an avid quilter and says she was skeptical about the worth of this product when I first gave it to her, but has since found the product to be priceless!"
"Great product, used on a quilting project and worked like a charm.  Any sewer or quilter would love to use these."
"I love these clips. I am not a quilter and don't use them instead of pins when sewing, but I have found lots of other sewing related uses for them. When I cut out my pattern, I use them to hold the pattern pieces together before I pin them to the fabric -  so one piece doesn't go flying off the table. I use them instead of pinning hems - so there are no pin pricks when trying on clothes. You will find lots of your own uses once you have them."
I am a new quilter.  You can't do binding without this!!! Pins stick you and are hard to sew with.  These keep binding in place and make it so easy!!! I am getting another box. I will never be without!!! Best invention ever!!! I got the best deal here!!!
These things work exceptionally well and I use them all the time for patchwork and quilting. Also if they are purchased in Australia they are at least twice the price.
When I saw someone at a quilt show using these I knew I had to have them. They save me lots of finger sticks and blood.
"These clips are wonderful.  There is no end to how they help me from holding bag handles together, helping smooth binding around a curved corner, holding groups of quilt pieces together."
The clips are great and very helpful in sewing.  I will look forward to using them for many sewing projects
"Love these clips my dog pulls out my pins when I am sewing, she likes to chew on the ball heads though these she does not disturb so I can leave them on my bindings on my quilts for days and she won't touch them."
I have had these on a wish list for a while before I finally found them on sale and decided to get up off my wallet and buy them. They are easy to use and hold my quilt binding tightly in place allowing me to sew faster without having to strain my hands to roll the binding. Why did I wait so long? I've since purchased a second box for my sister.
I saw these actually on a sewing page on FB. I thought I would give them a try--they are great for anchoring knits when stretch sewing. Love them!
I find many uses for this product.  I won't have to get clamps from my husbands garage.  Very useful product.
These are the best for anything you need to pin or hold together. These things come in SO handy! I can't live without them! Plus they came in a nifty little box that I can use my washi tape on! You need to order a bunch because they are awesome for binding bias tape. Thank you Clover!!
"I am a quilter and I don't know what I did before I got these.  I use them for anything I want to hold together.  These clips make hand binding sooo much easier.  I have 3 pkgs of 50, I don't ever want to be without them."
"These clips are wonderful, especially for sewing curved seams where it is easy for the fabric to stop lining up as you stitch. They are easy to clip on, hold the fabric in place, and clip off easily.  I bought them on a whim after seeing them online, and can't believe that I have never heard of them before!"
So many uses for these and finding them when prices are reasonable are the ticket... but you get 50 in a great little box!  Thanks for offering them Amazon and Clover!
I love to count with them for every project I have. the only bad thing I have to say is that I received 1 defected clip. but great product.
"I'm very pleased with the wonder clips. I use them to secure the binding on quilts, while hand sewing it to quilt. No more pricked fingers or lost pins on the floor. Very handy sewing tool."
Bought a second box of these becuase I like them so much and wanted a second set for larger quilts.  Use them mainly for quilting but also find them useful for regular sewing.  They are much easier to use for binding than either pins or hair clips.
"These are so easy to use, I had been using coated paper lips to hold my binding. That worked but these little clips
Are a lot easier!"
"This package of Wonder Clips are wonderful to have.  They were packaged perfectly and arrived with another package of the same product but a different size.  As I previously stated:  ""The person who created these clips really knew what they were doing""  These clips are smaller than the Jumbo Wonder Clips but that doesn't make them any less GREAT to have at hand.  The clips pressure is perfect.  You can use these in quilting, general sewing, ANYTHING.....you would only be limited by your imagination."
Helps hold my binding while I sew.  Big help and saves time sewing my binding on.  So glad I found them on Amazon.  It was a good price also.
"These came in handy at our annual family Easter picnic.  I tied them to a round elastic string and attach them to the sides of the tablecloths to keep the tablecloths from flying in the wind.  I actually bought these for quilting.  Haven't use them yet, for that."
Great product.  Easy to use clips that hold your project securely. I use for paper piecing hexagon flowers. I use it for bindings on quilts.
These wonder clips are better than pins every day of the week and twice on Sundays. They are a must have in any sewists box of notions.
"These clips can be used for any project where multiple layers need to be held together. They are great for replacing pins, binder clips, or any other method previously used. No need to worry about pins falling out when there are too many layers of fabric. No need to worry about getting stuck by pins. No need to worry about binder clips catching on fabric or your machine. No need to worry about these clips distorting your fabric the way pins often can. Also great for textiles that pins would damage such as leather, vinyl, waxed/coated fabrics.

These clips are flat on the underside so they feed very evenly and nicely up to the presser foot of your machine. They are also available in a jumbo size when you are working on very thick projects, though I find these regular ones work for most. They are much easier and quicker to adjust than pins/binder clips and saving time is always a plus!

Some uses:
- Holding together multiple layers of quilts
- Holding binding, piping, zippers, velcro, and other trims to any project (quilts, pillows, potholders, clothing, etc)
- Holding together multiple layers of any type of bag (handbag, storage container, etc)
- Fastening together fabric lining to a knit/crochet item (bag, skirt, etc)
- Clipping / holding fabric out of the way when embroidering a large piece"
"These clips enabled me to prevent materials from overlapping and inadvertently being embroidered.  I will need to purchase the larger versions to accomodate the bulkier, larger materials."
I purchased these at a local sewing shop in the town I live.  I love these and have used them countless times.  Best sewing purchase next to my machine and fabrics.
I have had two finger joints replaced because of RA.  These clips make it so much easier on my hands.  The price was UNBELIEVABLE!
No more stuck fingers.  These are the best when binding quilts and so much easier to handle.  No more hunting for dropped straight pins.
"I will never go back to pins again (unless needed for a tiny area). These are just such so easy to use and you can hold both thick layers of fabric or thing. No more poking yourself, forgetting to take a pin out and sewing over it, or stepping on misplaced pins. I really suggest these for everyone's sewing kits!"
"These things are awesome. You can't use them like pins in the sense that you don't want to send them through the sewing machine however they are amazing for holding things tight. I use them to mark where slits need to stop, hold appliques in place, hold fast to top fabric when I'm covering something, to mark and hold darts, etc. They do NOT let go."
"I heard about these on a craftsy class....best tip ever.
These are so great for so many uses.....
They are perfect for doing bindings...no pins
Once you use them, you won't go back...."
I had a smaller set of these and love them for doing binding. A great price for lots more! Prompt delivery.
I love these. there are so handy for so many uses in the sewing room or anywhere you need to keep something together.
"I thought these were pricey when I bought them.  I have a dog who, for some crazy reason, loves to chow down on any sewing pin on the floor!  So I purchased these as an alternative to pins, for my dogs sake, as well as to teach my Niece how to sew.  These work very well.  They hold the fabric in place, and are very easy to use."
"I bought these because I have a super curious cat who likes to get into ANYTHING I am doing, and I was worried about her getting into the straight pins. Well, now I've found something I like BETTER than straight pins and is cat-proof! I've only used these for one project so far so I can't say anything about durability yet. So far, so good! :)"
Amazing little clips wonderful for holding layers of fabric  in prep fpr sewing wish I had found them sooner won't be without them again What a great ptoduct a great product
This was a great value for the number of these clips.  They were recommended by the quilting group I am a part of and had to try them.  Very good quality and the cost for the bulk makes this a great value as well.
"I'd always used pins for my sewing projects but...when I want something to lie absolutely flat for stitching, pins have always been a problem.  I tried the Wonder Clips and....problem solved!  It was easy to clip the layers together and then just remove each clip as I got close to it.  When edge sewing multiple layers together, they work MUCH better than pins!"
"I bought this larger pack of Wonder Clips, because I had a smaller pack of 10 and was finding that I was using them a lot and needed more.  Well, they work great!  I use them most of the time instead of pins for making smaller sewing projects, such as wallets and bags.  They really work great to keep the fabric where you want it, and take much less time than pinning.  I highly recommend this product!"
"I ordered these hoping that they would work better then the straight pins, and they do. They hold the material good! Would recommend these for anyone that does sewing!"
"Shipping was fast. But this is a must for anyone that sews, knits or crochets. These things are great and a time saver. They really have a lot of uses. I would buy them again."
"Love them so much, I am going to have to buy another box...  I am just learning how to do binding on quilts and these make it super easy on smaller quilts!"
Worked good
Just love them.  No more pins to pick my fingers when sewing binding down on quilts.  Great for holding heavier fabrics together when sewing.
"I use tees clips when I'm quilting, specially when I'm whipping the binding down. I bought pack off 50 so I could share with my quilting friends."
"These clips are great for holding binding on while sewing, good for clipping fabric pieces together.  I use them as much as straight pins.  Your price for the 50 pkg is good too."
I really like these. They hold the material very well. You definitely will not have to use straight pins very much. I would definitely order more of these if I needed to.
I hate poking myself with pins. Another mama suggested these. This pack at retail stores is upwards of $33+. These are AMAZING and I will never use another pin!
Very smart product. Used it on my binding with my quilting items. Works great and I can use them on many other things.
I love these clips.clips. I've read so much about them. I thought i'd give them a try. I love them. And i couldn't beat the price i got them for on amazon.
"I like these as you can't always use pins.  Bought these and thought they were a bit too small, but they do have their uses."
"These little babies are worth their weight in gold.  If you sew regularly and in volumes or even the occasional sewer, these are a must have!  They are perfect for holding quilt binding in place, no more sticking myself with pins. One side of the clip is flat for easy resting on the sewing bed, the other curved to accommodate bulk of whatever you are sewing.

Must have item."
"I shared my thoughts on these when I rated the larger size.  I have two sets of these smaller ones, and use them all the time."
"Love these for ""sew"" many projects.  These clips really hold on.  I rarely use pins any more.  If I could give these 10 stars I would."
"These are great for sewing, knitting, projects... That need to be held together. I like the fact I don't put holes in things to secure them. Great little clips."
These are a must for the modern day quilter.  Holds fabric tight. to make quilting by hand or machine much easier
"I love these clips and have used them not only for sewing, but also for holding my pattern to set hot fix rhinestones onto transfer paper."
"These Wonder Clips are great for quilters! I use them to not only hold bindings in place for hand stitching, I also use them when cutting out pattern pieces and application piecing. Much easier to use than straight pins."
Use them all the time. They are easy to store and even easier to use. Love them! These clips make quilting much more enjoyable.
"These are designed for sewing -- to easily work near presser feet.  But I bought them for paper crafting -- cards, making boxes, flowers, top hat...  They are ""strong"" and will dent thin paper (just use scraps to buffer)...  And they are handy around the desk (easier to use than banker clips).  They are inexpensive, high quality and probably have 100 uses."
"I love these clips, I used to use pins (ouch) and Bobby pins (which get bent out of shape easily) now I won't use anything but my wonder clips."
"I use this for holding binding in place when finishing my quilts. They work really well. I like that they are flat on one side and slide nice to the needle. Worth the money - here at Amazon. Not so on other websites that really jack up the price for ""Clover"" products."
"When I am sewing a binding on a quilt, these are so handy to use. I am no longer being stuck with straight pins! Yea!!"
"I've been wanting to get these Clover Wonder Clips for a long time, but when others are charging up to $40 for 50 clips, I just couldn't justify the cost. So when I saw them at this crazy low price, I snagged two boxes. I was about of bind a large queen-size quilt and wasn't looking forward to all the pin pricks. I used the Clover clips instead of pinning and they worked out perfectly. I was really amazed at how secure they were, even on the bulky mitered corners of the binding. Absolutely no slipping and no falling off, even after constantly moving the quilt while hand-stitching. They are the perfect size for doing binding. You don't need the bigger ones. I love, Love, LOVE these clips. Great invention. I would highly recommend them."
I will use the clips every time I sew. They are perfect for holding fabric strips. Good amount of clips for the money.
"I will use these for various craft projects from macrame, crochet, sewing and knitting. I highly recommend these clips, they have endless uses."
"So easy to use, makes sewing a lot faster than using pins. They don't cause bunching or pinching in the fabric. Great product."
"For years I have used all sorts of things other than pins for my surger sewing projects.  These are great!  The correct size, Bright color so they don't hide much, and best of all they are fun.  Wish I found these long time ago.
  A few of them may wind up running off for other projects in the office, and clipping curtains away or closed.  Many uses,  Generous amount so I can do a lot with them.  They look like they will last."
"I don't sew...but got these clips anyway for other uses. They are made so, so well and seem like they'll last forever. A bonus that they come in the nice plastic storage box."
"Here's an idea that could be used to make some money for manufacturers. I am looking for a clip that will do dual purpose. One like these that would hold my fabric in place but one, maybe a little thinner and longer that will go around my bobbins and stop them from unwinding. These would be perfect for that use if they were thinner. Think about it, It would totally work!"
I am excited about using these wonderful clips. A fellow quilter was using them in binding a quilt. I thought it might be easier using them too since I have arthritis in my hands.
"these clips have been amazing for all kinds of purposes, not just holding a hem closed. I've been rough on them too, but they've never broken."
I love these clover clips!!! They are easy to use and very versatile. They have made quilting easier for me.
Great for regular sewing and quilting.  Especially lining up the binding.  No need to use tons of straight pins.  Hooray.
"My mom bought a package of these a while back and I used them when I was visiting her. She uses them for her sewing, I use them for quilt binding mostly. My teenage daughter was having problems with a quilt she was binding not long ago, I didn't have enough clips around, and the ones I had weren't as sturdy as these. I had forgotten all about ordering my own set like moms by the time I got home, so I got on the computer and ordered a couple (this and the large size) for my daughter. She loves these, I love these, I'll need more since we both swipe them for our projects."
"I hand stitch the binding on my quilts these are lIke another pair of hands holding layers together,  great purchase."
"These are wonderful! No more pricked fingers. I use them for binding quilts. So glad I found them in this large package. Good price too, especially with Amazon prime free shipping!"
Love the wonder clips! They make binding so much easier.  No more safety pins or straight pins to get pricked by.  So much easier than regular clips.
"While they can't take the full place of pins in some situations, I love, love these clips.  My sister & I got together to work on making a couple of smaller quilted & patchwork projects.  She liked them so much, she bought some of her own."
"One pack of these works pretty well for holding binding on the edge of a baby or throw size quilt both for sewing the strip on and for rolling it over. Haven't found that I use them over pins for piecing, though. They are faster to put on than pins, but I find that things shift a little when I take them off when piecing.  I prefer to pin either far enough to the left that I don't have to remove them or remove them as they go under the front of the presser foot. Either way, nothing shifts."
"How did women ever get their quilting and sewing done before these were invented?  Can't do without them in all their sizes.  Handy, safe (no sharps to ""lose""), effective, and really ""holds""!"
These are amazing little clips.  I don't like to use pins on my quilts because I always end up getting pricked multiple times as I'm sewing.  These little clips hold the fabric extremely well and take up very little space.  Will order more for my quilt club.  Highly recommend these.
"I'm a 70 year old retired truck driver relearning a craft mom taught me TOO many years ago. I'm sure she's up there looking down and saying ""I wish they had these when I was sewing"". Worth every penny."
"The items came really fast. Wonderful customer service!
I first saw the smaller ones on a paper crafting blog I belong to & have wanted to purchase them for some time.
I had a use immediately after receiving.
I also sew & these will come in very handy for several uses in sewing too, especially bulky items.
These especially will come in handy with paper crafting!"
"These small but mighty clips are perfect for quilters, and crafters.  In quilting, the clips can be used instead of pins to hold binding in place while sewing, to keep rows of blocks together, to help with organinzing various quilt pieces by clipping on labels and holding all the pieces together, and much more.  For crafting, use the clips to organize paper items for various projects, use them as a third hand to add pressure while glueing, and much more.  I love the small size, because they are light weight.  I highly reccommend buying this larger package, because it is a better deal than  buying a small pack of 10, and I often use more than 10 when quilting, plus they come in a useful storage box, which is easy to open and close.  They were shipped in perfect timing.  I love them!  Perfect!"
"These are great!!! I use them to hold my binding on until I,m ready to sew.
As I go along, I just remove them, (like pins). I highly recommend them."
"New York designer/ wardrobe/ Broadway dresser here.

Just started using these little gems and found them so useful for draping. I don't use these in place of pins but they do come in handy in tandem with pins. Prefer these over the larger green ones. They aren't going to secure like clamps do but they do help in numerous ways and are pretty secure for light weigh to medium weight fabrics."
I like these.  They are small and strong.  They are able to hold most items in place and stay there.
these are super for quilting they hold a lot of fabric for no bigger then they are. may order more of them soon
"These work so much better than the usual quilt binding clips, similar to what my daughters used in their hair years ago. The bulge on one side fits snugly over the binding on the right side, and the flat side holds the binding in place on the back of the quilt for hand sewing."
These little clippies made my quilting project go so very smoothly!  They sure beat straight pins for holding my binding on my quilt!
"Once in awhile an item comes into our sewing life that is something you cannot live without, this is one of those items.  Love these clips and would not be without them.  Used to use hairclips for holding bindings on quilt edges or when sewing binding on purses.  These clips are so much easier to use and are just the right size.  Glad I bought the 50 pack or I would have been making a second purchase.  Used on full size quilts to doll purses, fantastic item."
"I got these for the household quilter, on request.

the prices on Amazon are a LOT less than in quilt stores. and judging by the response, these are just about perfect to hold quilting projects.

at least that's what I was told.

I do not question the feedback.

buy them, your life will be a lot easier."
"Clover Wonder Clips are the best for all my  sewing and I 'm sorry I didn't invent them ,but I did have the thought which was a little to late.
Wonder clip's are like having two set's of hands, one working on one project while i'm working on another . For crafting as well as sewing.
  Being strong and firm is a necessity I am recommending them to everyone. Clover Wonder Clip's five star's well deserved. Because
Amazon is a good company I do and will order from them."
"This little clips are so handy.  I don't know how I got along without them.
A definite must for all sewers."
"I've recently taken up sewing as a hobby again and I was browsing the Amazon best selling list of sewing notions and came across the Cover Wonder Clips.  These are such an improvement over pins in putting together an outfit.  Not only do I not have to worry about the hazard of pins falling out and laying in wait on the floor for an unsuspecting foot but I also can avoid the pinpricks that so often result in my fingers.

I just finished putting in a waistband in a skirt and it was so much quicker to just clip the material than to spend time putting in pins.  The Clover Wonder Clips have been the best new notion that I have found so far and deserve all the five star ratings."
"I bought these based on the reviews and I love them.  I recently needed to shorten some drapes and it was so much easier than pinning.  Fast, easy and no pin holes.  Really easy to reposition.  So glad I bought them."
"These clips saved the day when I wasn't able to use pins to secure a leather purse I was making.
They're also great for replacing pins in general even with pinnable fabric items as they are so much faster to use than having to puncture through layers of fabric twice along a hem for each pin."
Very handy for all of my quilting projects. The small ones work great even for holding bulky fabric like minkee when sewing together a rag quilt! Just ordered another box.
Great product for sewing projects when you need to old or clamp down something.  I even gave these as gifts to people  that I know sew are involved in arts and crafts projects.
These work as designed and save my fingers from being pricked by pins. Helps to group pieces together . I could use a second package.
"These are great!!! Try to find them on sale because otherwise they are kind of expensive. Great for hemming quilts, what I use them for mostly. No danger of losing stray pins and finding them later--when you step on them. Ouch! These little things are well made and you will find other uses for them too. I think they are way better and more useful than thejumbo oval hair clips with the bend in them that I had used in the past, and the do a better job at holding yourbinding down flat and even while you're sewing, not to mention they are easier to remove quickly with one hand as you are stitching. I would say get one or two packages for sure. The red/clear ones are the best size. Quilters can never have too many tools!!"
"I was not impressed with these clips. Maybe they will work for someone else's projects but so far, they have done nothing for me. I sew clothing, do alterations and sew some household items. They seem to be well made, I can give them that but I had no use for them.
Thanks to a recent comment, I could see my review didn't say much to help anyone! So...let's see if I can remember my problem with them. For the type of sewing I do they got in the way or couldn't secure something where I needed to secure it.  For me the clips were only useful on the edge of the fabrics. I found that I needed to put fabric and patterns together in other places, not just the very edge. Also I found the weight and bulk of them got in my way (made things floppy) where pins are small and light.
I hope this is more helpful!"
"I ordered these for using on my bindings for my mini quilts but they are handy for so many other things. When I needed another set of hands I used to grab a clothes pin, but these are so much easier. Highly recommend them!"
"Love these clips, so easy to use, save my fingers from needle pricks. Can be used in most instances to keep fabric together for marking, sewing . Pins still have a place but wonder clips are so handy. Found the best price here on amazon."
"THESE CAME A BIT SMALLER THAN I EXPECTED.. THEY DONT HOLD AS MUCH AS YOU THINK THEY WOULD.. NOT SAYING IT'S NOT A GOOD PRODUCT, MAYBE IF THEY WERE BIGGER THEY WOULD BE BETTER, I THINK I'LL ORDER THE JUMBO NEXT TIME..."
"These wonder clips are awesome!  They won't replace pins for all of your sewing projects, but will when you're sewing two raw edges together, which is most of the time when sewing.  I especially love them for machine quilt binding; no more pesky pins that you're pulling in and out.  Just clip and sew!"
These are great. Super handy. The plastic box that they come in is handy too. Not too great for clipping on narrow elastic but very helpful for sewing leotards and swimwear or really anything.
Product fabric clips work as described making holding fabrics together an easier task. Will definitely order more to use.  Barbara
"Brilliant, I have just finished bordering a quilt, how good are these clips... Well done"
"If you are a seamstress or quilter and you're tired of being stuck by pins, then this is the product for you.  These are great, would buy again and again."
These clips make hand binding a quilt a snap and having 50 of them really helps. They come in a nice container too.
They work as intended and the case they came in is also a good product. Quantity is also appropriate for a project
"These are smaller, but powerful, can use them for anything you need, especiall holding down fabric, Genius invention, sturdy and strong"
"These are great, I am a sewer and a Quilter and trhey hold everything in place.
I would recommend these to any one that crafts.
Plus they arrived so fast."
"Easy to use, well-made from jewel-like plastic, these clips are, for some jobs, a worthy substitute for pins. In particular, for holding bias binding in place, which can be a prickly affair with pins, but not any more.  These clips grip, rather than pierce the fabric, which might be important for some fabrics. They are supplied in a clear, easy to open box.  Unlike bulldog clips these Wonder Clips remain tangle-free in the box, making them easy to select.  I am sure these Wonder Clips will find their way into projects other than sewing.  Their ease of use and versatility will soon have you forgetting about their price compared to a pack of pins. Brilliant product."
I had a very large quilt to bind and the 10 clips I had didn't do the job. I was very happy to find this pack of 50 and at a very good price! I ordered a second pack for my quilting friend and she was equally happy!
As soon as these clips arrived I used them for binding a quilt and I like them better than the hair clips I used previously.
"I LOVE this clips, use them in place of pins also. Easy to use. I do not like the container they come in. Replaced that."
I have used it to hold binding in place and on fabric overhang when machine embroidery.  Would like to get larger clips for larger quilt bindings.
Very usefull clips! Very handy and easy to use - I sewed a costume for my daughter and I am very satisfied!
They were great everything that I expected just finished 2 quilts for local Children's Hospital nearly finished no 3 Certainly made binding quicker & easie
"These are the best things invented for the help of all sewers, in particular quilters. No more pinning required. Go get some."
"love this product!! works better than pins, especially when completing the binding on quilts. They are sturdy and easy to use!"
Love these for holding fabric instead of using pins that stick fingers. Use for other projects too.  Get you some! l
I love these little clips. They are the perfect size to hold down the binding on a quilt without getting in the way.
"These are fantastic for sewing. I love that they are quick to use, quick to remove and they don't prick me! Highly recommend. I bought these and the jumbo clips not knowing which would be more useful, and I use these 90% of the time, I like that they hold tight at the seam better than the jumbo which seem to work better at making sure that fabrics don't slip."
These little babies are worth every penny.  The flat bottoms allow the fabric to run right up to the pressure foot before needing to be taken off. The tension is strong and prevents slippage of the fabric.  My arthritis finds these easier to use than fiddly pins.
Love these little clips. They don't leave marks and really hold the fabric. Wish I had known about them alot sooner. I might have to get more.
"Ingenious! I was working with waterproof materials and each needle hole would sacrifice the integrity of my project. These are great. I've used them on every project since I got them and wish I had bought the large size, too."
"Just as we were checking out my aunt and I noticed these sitting on the counter at the cash register.  They were on sale that day.  We both decided we should buy them.  I immediately loved them for attaching binding.  She has been using them more and more instead of her quilting pins.  For somebody that has sewn all of her life to make this switch...well you know what...it's got to be good!  She even uses them to seal her chips before she puts them in the pantry.  She swears they work better than any other kitchen clip you can buy.

Buy them for yourself or as a gift!  They truly are a quality product."
"These clips are very nice, plenty in a box, bright obvious color.  Stay attached well, atraumatic to the material.  I will likely get more"
These clips are amazing and very easy to use.  Love them for my sewing projects.  Love that I don't poke my fingers anymore!
"The clips open far enough to hold a bunch of fabric in place. Sure beats using straight pins! Plus, the clips do not leave marks on fabric like pins do!"
I love these clips.  I use them when sewing and quilting instead of pins.  No more pin pricks and they hold the material equally as well as a pin does.
"I love these little clips.  I've used them time after time in my projects.
They work really well.  Shared a few with my sister, too."
I had purchased two of these clips at a quilt shop to test them.  I really liked the way they worked so I bought the pack.  I have used them to hold binding on a quilt and could not be happier with the way them work.  I will never used  straight pins again to hold the binding when I finish a quilt
I watched a Craftsy class where the instructor used these to hold on binding when sewing. I use them on small items and they work great. They are just the right size.
I saw these clips used by an instructor on one of the craft classes and thought I would give them a go. it was one of the best decisions I have made no more sore fingers or blood stains on my quilts? I would thoroughly recommend them.
"Now that I've started using these clips, I don't know how I managed without them! So nice working on quilt bindings without getting stabbed!"
My friend loves using the Clover wonder clips that I purchased for her.  She says that they are great for when she is hand sewing the binding on the back of her quilt.  She machine sews the front.  This was a Christmas present for her.
"I used these to ""pin"" seam binding that I had glued on to the brim of a hat.  They worked wonderfully and I had to pin marks in me or the fabric.  I was using fake leather binding and I did notice that, when I removed them, there were indentations in the binding, but those slowly filled out again.  Obviously they cannot be machine-sewn over like pins can, and you have to leave room for the pressure foot, but I am hooked on these things!  They will be great for all kinds of sewing and craft projects."
I can't say enough about this product. I have disabilities that make it very hard to manage pins. this is much easier to place things on my projects and to line up quilts and other sewing projects to sew. I have both these and the jumbo wonder clips. I use both as I find it useful for different projects. I am glad I purchased both as they are my go to instead of pins now and my life is much easier now.
I love these little clips which arrived in a clear plastic box..  They seem to be real time savers when I'm attaching quilt binding.
"Clover Wonder Clips make quilting easier. After taking a beginning quilting class online, Camille Roskelly, the instructor, used these little clips to hold the fabric ""sandwich"" of the quilt together as she sewed on the binding.  The clips made her job so much easier. I ordered them from Amazon right away! Made in Japan (where amazing quilters and seamstresses also use these handy little tools!)"
These are great for using with thick fabric or fabric that will not hide the holes from pins.  I love them and use the 95% of the time when I sew.
"great price and a really fantastic notion for sewing/quilting. It is great for sewing seams, no pins to break needles.  Sewing squares is easier and keeps rows together for sewing later... don't have to worry about leaving pins in or trying to find all  of them.  The price cannot be beat, I paid almost $4. at Joann's for 10, very good buy for 50.  I am buying another set,"
"I have not used a pin since I bought these.  I loved them so much that I ordered two more sets.  They make holding seams in place so much easier than pins, and I've never been very good at matching seams before.  They're easy to use and also prevent accidentally sewing over pins, because there's no way you don't notice them as they approach the needle.

I was worried that they couldn't hold tightly enough.  I was wrong.  I've had no slippage.

Edited to add:
Since I bought these and used them myself, I ordered more for gifts to send to sewing friends.  But theirs weren't as nice as mine.  I just found out, 12/12/2014, that some Amazon vendors are selling counterfeit products with almost exactly the same packaging.  Clover's website: http://www.clover-usa.com/  shows an announcement that gets you to this pdf file: http://clovercatalog.com/wc/wc.pdf

That is how you tell if you have the real ones or the knock-offs.  I find myself wondering if the low star reviewers had the real product or the counterfeit clips?

Mine are great, but the ones I gave my friends are crap.  This really needs to get fixed."
"I ordered two at a very low price. I have one pack on a quilt now!
Grateful that I have another pack so I can take may time sewing the binding on and not rush to remove the other clips."
"The price is half of anywhere else.. I use them for binding a quilt. Works wonderful when pressing the corners, I put the clip on when the miter is still hot...The box that they come in is hard to get in to...It is not a piece of paper but a heavy plastic box that will last."
I used these clips twice already. Did a great job of holding my binding in place. Holds much better than pins. Let my friend borrow them and she loved them also. Would recommend to any quilter.
I use these for almost everything when I sew and do machine embroidery.  They are much easier to use than pins and never draw blood.  I highly recommend them.
I was looking for quilting clips to clip my unfinished quilt to the table so as I could safety pin the layers together. The Wonder Clips were much to small.  They looked a lot bigger in the picture.  If the size of the clips had been on the package I would not have bought them.
Great product. Works as described. Strong and sized right for average binding work. Makes putting binding on much easier and faster
These clips work great for holding quilt pieces in different groups for sewing.  Very pleased with them.  Would definitely reccommend.
"These work so much nicer than pins in some cases ... when working with Vinyl you can't use pins as holes will be left behind , this eliminates that problem ..."
"I quilt constantly,and I can't tell you how many times I have stuck myself with pins when pinning on the bindings. This product makes life soooo much easier!! Love it!!"
Another great little tool to help keep the binding under control while stitching. Forget the straight pins! These will save your fingers.
"Love, love, love these.  I even bought more of them after getting & using them only once.
No getting stuck with pins."
I purchased these clips to use in place of pin when I'm quilting.  Easy to use and just what I wanted.  The seller was quick with delivery.
I couldn't believe how fast the delivery this was.  The clips are great..........take the place of pins sometimes.  May have to order more their so convient to use.
"This is one of those items that are better in the contemplation than the use.  They seem like a really good idea and in a few applications, they are.  But when you use a lot of them to hold a hem or binding, they become heavy and cumbersome, flopping around and getting caught on things.  I'm not sorry I bought them because they've come in handy once or twice (for holding something on a hanger, for example) but I don't find them too useful in actual sewing."
"A great alternative to pins!  Great for sewing, quilting, crafting.  You owe it to yourself to try these.  So easy to use."
"Would have given 5 stars, but the plastic case it comes in is hard to open. I use them for bindings on quilts, a lot nicer to the fabric than the metal clips, and I don't get stuck by pins."
"These are great for those of us that don't like using pins.  They are easy to put on and take off.  These are small, so only work for hems or bindings that are 1/2"" or less.  They also are heavier than pins, so don't work for everything, but I love them.  I'm going to request the bigger size next Christmas."
I absolutely love these - for holding things together for sewing on the machine or by hand. Works great for holding quilt bindings in place as you machine stitch and hand sew. Liked then so much I got additional sets for me and for a friend!!! I wouldn't get the smaller pack - just get the set of 50 right away.
"So much easier to use than pins or aluminum clips. Hold well if you transport the quilt while sewing on the binding. Most bindings only need a clip every 12"" if you have pressed it down really well"
they are great for use with thick and stiff fabric. Good for hemming pants.good for anything that can not be pinned.
"These are awesome for quilting.  I use them for binding and backing them.. If you want an easier way, these clips are for you.."
These little clips are terrific and save time. Easier than pining by far and they stay put very well !
These are very useful for sewing and crafts and hold items snugly and are easy to see when it is time to put away.
Can't live without these now that I have them. Love to sew and now I can tackle projects with a little more ease since the Wonder Clips are so much easier then pins and don't harm the fabric like pins can. These go in my top ten list of things I love!
"I typically still use my pins for pinning although I do love these little things. However, when I was sewing with Minky, my pins were not keeping the minky from sliding no matter how many I used. These wonder clips solved my problem. They worked FANTASTIC!!! They held it in place and I was really pleased I had them on hand. I would recommend to anyone!"
"Great for leather sewing or vinyl! No pin holes and they grip nicely. They won't open far enough for really thick projects, but garment weight leathers are no issue at all."
"I think I will still need pins but this works wonderfully when you have to hold thick fabrics together.
also wonderful when you are hand sewing.,. no more poking fingers"
"Pros:
You don't have to worry about pricking yourself.
They grip alright (but they'll pivot a little bit if you force them sideways)
Easy to use. They don't require too much force to open.
There are measured markings on the bottoms.
They come in a sturdy clear plastic box.

Cons:
You can only use them on the edge. Large pieces of cloth will still need to be secured in the middle. Straight pins can also secure the fabric along the path of the needle, as opposed to just along the very edge, which helps limit warping.
You *can* sew past them, but they'll have to be right on the edge, and even then, the fabric won't lie flat against the seam allowance markings.
You can't sew right up to or over them the way you can with straight pins.
They snag slightly and clatter against the front edge of your machine as you guide your fabric towards the needle and feed dogs."
I use these in every single sewing project.  I purchased these a little over 2 months ago and they've already gotten much use.  The clips keep everything aligned without any movement of the fabric.  I barely ever use my pins while sewing anymore.  I highly recommend this product!
These clips are very useful when machine stitching quilt binding.  I use them for keeping precut pieces together until ready to sew together.
Love these clips! These are great when doing a binding on your quilt and having 50 or more is needed for a twin size or larger.
"I am very pleased with my wonder clips and would recommend them to anyone who quilts or sews a lot.
I received very quickly."
These are pretty handy.  They are pretty small.  They hold well.  I think they're great for fabrics I don't want pin wholes in.
"These work great!  No more stabbed fingers or any other discomforts associated with using pins.

Highly recommended for sewers and quilters."
"I thought these clips would hold several thicknesses of material for everyday use.  Instead they are just for sewing or crafting projects.  They are not useful to me.  I want to return them, as they are not inexpensive."
These clips are a great substitute for pins when sewing.  I like that they are really easy to use and do not puncture the fabric.
"This is my second pack of fifty to order in the last year.  I love these guys for sewing thicker fabrics that are really annoying to pin together. These may not be a ""necessity"" but they are really convenient and nice to have on hand!"
"I stumbled upon these as I was looking at some other sewing notion. These are the small clover clips and they work perfectly! I thought I read where some one said these would pass under the foot feed but of course, they do not. However, they securely hold even thick pieces of fabric together, have a very strong ""grip"",  and are very easy to work. They are reasonably priced for a box of 50. I think you will be pleasantly surprised by the handiness of this sewing notion."
I love this product! I'm so glad I decided to buy the 50 ct verses the 10 ct clips. I have used these more in the last few weeks than I have my pins. Does not distort the product and it comes in a plastic box to store them. I found them way cheaper on Amazon than any I have seen in stores.
"I love these! I got these when I started a flannel quilt project and used them the whole way through. FIrst for keeping my strips in order, and then when I sewed the strips together, these were great for clipping the seams together to try to keep things square. I also used them when I did the binding at the end. Amazon had a great price, and it was definitely worth it."
"Great! These clips are the best, but hard to find, beats the old school way of using straight pins to hold a pattern to the fabric,"
"These clips have a million uses for sewists,.  I would highly recommend them to crafters and quilers.  The are sturdy too!"
I don't know how I got by without these all of these years! I'm doing a re-upholstery job of some dining room chairs with welting around the edges. These are so much handier than pins and hold the whole thing together like a dream.
I bought these for quilting and love them!  I was so tired of getting stuck by pins.  They work great.
"LOVE, LOVE THESE CLIPS.  I HAD READ ABOUT THEM AND DECIDED TO GIVE THEM A TRY.  THEY MAKE THE BINDING PROCESS MUCH EASIER AND FASTER."
"I just received these little clips in the mail yesterday. I'm in the process of finishing my little girl's baby quilt. I wanted to do a satin binding but since I'm new to quilting I wanted to make sure my binding stayed in place. These worked so much better than pins! I knew with pins I would have little pinprick holes in my satin. Not with the clips! I'm going to have to buy more sometime, so I can have them when I make a great big quilt."
works great
These wonder clips are great.  I use them to keep my binding in place as I hand sew.  The price is great.  I will be looking at the Jumbo clips next!
"this is a great product. i am a sewist, quilter and crafter! there are so many uses for these i don't even know where to begin: quilt binding, english paper piecing, making bows, replacing traditional pins in sewing projects, etc, etc..... love these!"
"I use these clips for all kinds of purposes, like holding a set of quilting strips that's too thick to hold with a pin. They are like paper clips for fabric, and since they're handy, I sometimes use them for paper, too.
The design is way cute and fun to use."
"I just noticed this is another CLOVER product! I am SEW, SO happy with these clips. They are great for holding down binding, and I have found other household uses for them."
"It's a lot quicker to clip these on to fabric edges before you sew them rather than using pins.  I like the way the red side is curved and the clear side is flat, so the proper way to use them is to put the clear side down so the material lies more flat.  It's subtle, but clever.  They won't completely replace pins.  I still use those for shirt sleeve plackets which need to be sewn very precisely and hold down 1/4"" of material turned in for edge stitching, but for 90% of my shirt sewing, these work great."
These clips are strong and sturdy and do a great job holding material down for quilting.  The are very bright and easy to keep track of.
This is the best quilting product I've purchased.  What a fabulous invention -- everyone should purchase at least one pack.  I couldn't bind my quilts successfully without these clips.
"These were a stucking stuffer for my wife, and she has been using them constantly since Christmas - great product, great price."
I added these on to another order on the spur of the moment.  I don't typically use them when I'm binding quilts and I didn't think they'd come in handy--I was wrong!  I've thrown a couple of them into my hand-piecing kit now and they work pretty well in places I don't want to pull out straight pins --think Church around children and the like.  They're good to have around and worth the money.
It's just what I WAS looking for at the best price. I would recommend this to anyone who us looking for these types of clips.
I hate using pins when I bind a quilt. Wonder clips are wonderful. No more poking my finger and bleeding on my quilts.
"These are more than just handy when sewing, or crafting.  They hold really good and are just the right size."
"Amazing!! These things are soo handy, I now want the bigger ones... They are pretty small, but great for thin projects."
"These clips are great for holding your binding as you sew, they can probably be used for many other things that I haven't thought about yet.  They are well made and I am glad I made this purchase."
"Lots of clips to use in binding a quilt or hanging, to keep your binding even on both sides of surfaces and keep it where you want it.  No more scratched fingers and pulled threads from pin points.  Even lines to represent consistent length of your folded fabric.  Great product and new to me.  Price so right on Amazon, as I had compared in sewing suppliers I use on line.  Packing was fine and it arrived quickly.  I am really happy to have them and about ready to use them for a finished hanging."
"Oh what a relief it is!  These little clips work as a substitute for pinning and often basting which makes both faster and easier.  In addition, if you drop one on the floor, you can SEE it instead of groveling around trying to find it and struggling to pick it up off a slick service.  Somebody had a very good idea when s/he came up with these clips.  I use them with every sewing project."
"These are great, I will never use pins when binding a quilt as long as I have these clips.  I may never make use of all the markings on them, but they do work great for the bindings.  Clover products are without equal."
I got this for my friend for her birthday. She will love the way it helps on blinding a quilt
"I really like these clips.  The instructions say the include a guide for a 1/4 in seam allowance. There is more than one raised line on each clip and they are not the easiest to see on the clear plastic.  You can probably eyeball it we'll enough. I've only used them once on a double thickness of standard lightweight cotton.  I don't know yet how well they will hold up around the edge of a quilt.  I think I will have to be careful with them, but is still like them."
"I Make quilts and instead of using pins or hair clips which got bulky, I got these!  Perfect size, I can leave them on hand sew around them and remove as I go, fast easy peasy!  Haven't tried using them to hold while I machine sew yet."
"I've found myself using these more often than pins on my last two projects.  Although Clover Wonder Clips can't completely replace pins, there are many applications where the Clips are superior.  They have a great grip, but leave no marks on the project."
These clips helped so much for my binding when I was quilting.  I didn't have to use pins and worry about sticking myself.
"These little clips are fantastic!  They have revolutionized my quilt bindings, narrow hemming and applying bias tape.  I also used them in a project with a vinyl coated fabric and they prevented the holes that are caused by pins.  My 5 year old daughter can sew basic projects using these clips whereas I don't trust her with pins.

Pros: strong grip, easy to find on the floor if you drop them, no more accidental pin sticks (especially good if you bleed easy), good quality (in a box of 50, only one was defective), slide nicely on the fabric and over the sewing machine plate."
"they work well, actually way better than your regular push pins which can be unsafe to use especially if you have young ones."
These are so easy to use and work so much better than straight pins especially with thicker fabric or several layers that need stitched together
They are quick and easy to use.  They don't damage the fabric that an unbeknownst dull pin might do.  They are great with very thick piled fabric where pinning is cumbersome or sheer fabric where you wouldn't want to poke pin holes.
I thought these would be bigger than they are.  I wanted them for quilting many layers of fabric together. The clips might work well on smaller thinne projects.
Essentially these are small plastic clips with a piece of metal working as a spring. I assume they used spring steel for these because it is not a coil spring but rather the memory of the metal wants to keep them closed. The curved upper portion & 3 rows of texture keep my jeans & towels on the line without causing wrinkles. Buying more soon.
I love these clips.  I have found numerous applications for using them in my sewing and anticipate they will come in handy for other purposes as well.
"These clips are wonderful.  They save time in sewing and quilting.  Highly recommend to all, from beginners to the more experienced."
OMG!  How did I live without these?  these are perfect for quilting and doing a binding on them.  I am so glad that I bought 3 boxes
"I love these clips, they are very useful for more than just sewing or quilting! I even use some in the kitchen. Lol I love using them with polar fleece and other thicker fabrics that pins don't do so well in. I bought both the big and the small, I guess I use the small a little more then the large ones, but I I don't regret buying either of them! I have sewn for over 50 years and I owned a fabric and quilt shop for 10 years, so I have seen many new notions come and go, most only last a year or two, but these clips will be around for a long time I believe because the more you use them the more places you realize they can be used."
"These wonder clips work much better for holding fabrics together than pins, they are flat on one side which allows them to lie flat on the sewing machine bed.  I would have given them a 5 rating, except the plastic storage box they arrived in was shattered in transit.  Other uses for them are holding quilt binding in place and holding hems for sewing."
"there are so many uses for these clips ,,,, i use them in many of my craft projects ....  i find them very useful!"
"Wonder clips are great for quilters! When hand sewing binding, they hold the binding in place and you never get pricked by pins."
These are such a good idea.  I hesitated because I thought they might be just another sewing norton to take up space but they are very useful.  I am looking forward to using them for sewing binding on my next quilt. Super for zipper applications too.
"Every quilter should get these.  They are so handy and the quality is great.  I was hesitant at first because they are costly for little plastic clips, but they are wonderful and worth every penny of the price.  I still use pins in certain circumstances, but I do use these instead of pins a lot.  They are perfect for binding on quilts and holding thick projects together where you can't use a pin because of being too thick.  I bought the 50 pack and am seriously thinking of getting another pack. Buy them......you won't be sorry."
"These clips are easy to use, hold well and with less distortion than pins.  Great value on the price as well."
"I love these clips and use them every chance I get. They are better for thicker projects with many layers of fabric or thick fabrics, but can work when you don't feel like pinning 2 layers of fabric together, too. They have a good strong hold. I actually bought 2 boxes, one at a time, because 50 wasn't enough. They aren't a must have, but can definitely make life easier when it comes to sewing and quilting."
"I thought I had left a review but appears I did not!  These are great for quilting, especially for smaller projects.  I've been pricing these and this price is the best I've seen anywhere... even with a 50% coupon you would pay more for these at Michael's...so if you want a set, these are your best bet!"
"There's just my husband and I so we have leftovers or cook for more meals.  Consequently this 8"" bag is perfect for the proportions  we eat."
"These clips are wonderful!!!  No more snagging your skin on the pin.  The container they come in is hard to open but once you get the hang of it, it's not so bad."
"Made it so much easier to hold my projects together without pinning, and pinning.  I can reposition my material with No pin holes, much faster."
Excited wife = happy wife.  She said it was better than she expected and if she says to I believe her.
You will love the ease and usefulness of this product.  Sometimes you need a bit more that a straight pin will hold so to have these on hand is great.
So wonderful to not have pins sticking everywhere! So pleased with the craftsmanship of these strong lil clips. A+++ product!
I USE THESE SMALL CLIPS IN PLACE OF PINS.  CLIPS ARE MUCH EASIER AND HOLD MY MATERIAL IN PLACE.  WOULD RECOMMEND AND ORDER AGAIN.
they make sewing anything together so much easier...I even use them  on my knitting projects. holds everything together secure. Glad I ran cross these from a friend
I have used these a lot since I purchased them last year. I prefer these over pinning and they are especially useful when sewing several thick layers. Everyone should try these out!
These are very well made and a great amount and cute to look at - awesome material and gets the job done
"These little clips are great!  I have a set and bought this set for a birthday gift for a friend.  They are very useful in many ways--when applying binding, working with ""slippery"" fabrics, assembly of tote bags and hand bags--these are a few of the ways I've used them.  I think anyone who does a lot of sewing and/or quilting would find these useful."
great for quilting
"These clips are the perfect gift for my mom. They love sewing this and that. The quality of these clips is great, and more importantly the price is excellent. Highly recommend."
"These are very strong little clips, but they are a tad small for me to handle.  I didn't return them because my granddaughters like to play with them.  They are perfect for their little hands and they will stay out of my threads if there is something like these for them to play with in my sewing box."
These clips are fantastic!  They hold together fabric very well and I prefer to use them over pins for most of my sewing project.  Amazon sells them at a lower cost than any other seller too.  Go for it! Highly recommend.
when you are trying to quilt without getting your fingers stuck with pins.  I am glad I purchased these.  Thanks
"Hubby bought as Christmas stocking filler.  I have used these in the past and find them convenient  the only thing I find that on certain materials they slip and do not hold like pins, however in saying that if you are sewing with a fabric that is waterproof or leather type, than these are great because the less holes you put in this type of material the better.  ."
"I bought these to use to hold bindings, but end up using them for all kinds of things.  They came in handy when I was recently making some curtains.  I use them all the time!"
"these clips are great,  I love to sew and these clips are very sturdy,  they hold fabric together without being too rough as they are very smooth. I use them for many craft projects. I cant say enough about how awesome they are."
"These are designed to be for sewing, but I bought them to use for other random crafty things. I love the color red, so that influenced my decision to buy them (shallow, I know). But they are great little clips that are strong and look nice, so if you wanted to use them for a decorative reason (such a clipping things to a memory board), these are great! (And I am sure they would work well for their intended sewing purpose, since they are strong)."
"This relatively new product is easy to use.  Does not cause pain, like pins, and aids in your being more precise.  These clips have measurements right on them so you know exactly where to sew.  I highly recommend them for every sewing and crafting room."
Used these clips to hold binding on a quilt I was finishing.  Clips held great and were easy to remove while sewing.
I use these for help in seaming handknitting.  I can put together the whole garment and hang it on a dress form before I start.  Brilliant!
Far and away the best price I have found on this item... a quilter's dream. Likely to get another box for myself soon.
Love these...can be used for so many other things than just binding.  This size is so easy to handle and the red color make them easy to see.
"I'm getting to where I prefer to use fewer pins when sewing. These are clips are perfect for that. I also like them for when I'm working with fabric that you absolutely shouldn't put holes in unless they can be hidden in the seam allowance (e.g. laminated cotton). The box that these clips come in is nice. I planned on putting them in another box when they arrived, but upon seeing the container they were already in I knew there was no need to do so."
Great price for these fantastic little clips.  They hold much stronger than I thought they would but don't leave marks on my fabric.
I make queen size quilts and hand sew the binding on at the end.  These are great and holding the binding in place as I sew around the quilt.
"Love them!  Every person that sews should own these.  Can be used by everyone.  Smooth transaction; easy, easy, easy. Buy it'"
"Does an excellent job in finishing the binding, but can be used for multiple uses they are also very sturdy"
"These are the easiest way to put on binding! I will certainly give them as gifts to my quilter friends next year. The 50 pack gives me a lot to work with, although I could have gotten away with 25. Definitely worth having for any quilter."
"My mother does a lot of sewing from quilt bindings to teeny-tiny hems on doll dresses, these have proven to be waaay better than straight pins for so many jobs.

-Tight clipping and don't slip
-Open wide enough that she even used them on a multi-layer padded upholstery project
-Easy to see
-Easy to use
-Good on any edge seam you can imagine

I'm not usually one to try to improve on the wheel and I was worried that these might just be higher cost with no real benefit but I'm happy to report that our family is now a Clover Wonder Clip family.

P.S. They are MUCH cheaper on Amazon than they are in craft and sewing stores!"
"This is a great product, but I probably could've just used the mini binder clips I have in my office if I had thought about it before buying these. I just started quilting and I'm definitely a wing-it type of person. If it's close enough, then it's good enough for me. Definitely not a professional here - I figure if my quilt top doesn't line up, I'll just trim off the edges and the quilt will be smaller than I originally intended by an inch or two. I intentionally avoid patterns that require high accuracy.

The clips have markings for seam allowances and such, but mostly I use them to just clip the edges of my sewing projects without stabbing myself with pins, so I'm not really using the markings on the clips. They work great though! Easy to clip on, unclip as I go, no blood stains from pin pricks, and the hard plastic carrying case is awesome for storage - I'm not having to reach into a zipper baggie because I'm too cheap to go out and buy a container specifically for the product. The bright red/hard plastic is also nice. I've accidentally left pins in my quilts that I didn't see and found with my flesh. I've also dropped pins on the carpet where I have to STOP EVERYTHING and find it so I don't forget about it or step on it. If I drop one of these it's easy to find, and not quite so urgent."
Why haven't I been using these forever?! They make binding quilts so easy! I highly recommend this product; buy them for your friends too!
"I do not know how I ever did my sewing projects without them.  They are great, especially when sewing any type of binding !  Continue to find more ways to use them."
Wasn't sure if I would like these but they are perfect for holding the binding in place for hand finishing.
Wow! Wow! Wow!  I love my new wonder clips. I have been making quilts for years.  I wish I'd had these long ago.  I just recently used them to hold the binding of a king size quilt in place.  My machine sewed right in front of them with ease.  They don't fall off and hold firm.  What a great tool!  Delightful to use.
All my life I've used straight pins for finishing my crafts.  These are so much easier than straight pins.  I've used these on a variety of crafts including non sewing ones and they have worked perfectly in all situations.  I put these on my wish list for all gift occasions because they are so versatile.
"I bought these to help me with the quilts I make. They would be better used just to hem things because the quilt is too thick and it bent some of the clips out of shape. I can see that they will be handy to hem things, though."
"I have actually used these clips for other things than just
for holding the binding on.  They are good little clips."
Will never use pins again to hold binding in place while hand sewing!! No poking my self and no lost pins on the floor around my chair!!!! Great to hold thick layers of material together when making e-book reader covers.
like them I don't understand your guidelines what do you mean by guidelines  I I recommended these to my friends
"My daughter (who doesn't sew) bought me several sewing aids for Christmas.  When I opened these, I had never seen wonder clips before.  I had heard of them, but I wasn't exactly sure what they did, or how to use them.  BOY!  Was I ever glad that my daughter came across these!  No more fumbling with pins that are hard to hang onto!  And when I drop one of these, it's so easy to spot it on the floor---before I step on it!  These work well with any craft project in which you are connecting several layers of anything.  These are like having that third hand you always needed while crafting/sewing!  You can't go wrong with purchasing a pack of 50.  You will discover more uses for them regularly."
"I haven't used them yet, but they look great right out of the package.  I do a lot of craft stuff that involves several layers of fabric.  These appear to be good quality.  If I find out different, I will revise this  post."
I learned about these at my last quilt meeting.  The gal said they work great instead of pins so decided to get some for myself.  But I have not used them yet.
"Lowest price anywhere for Clover wonder clips. Almost a necessity for binding , keeps everything in place while you finish your project"
"I use these clips for regular sewing when I just don't want to mess with pins.  They have a firm grip, and will hold everything from two thin pieces of material to thick purse material with thick padding.  Very good quality, and the box is made out of thick plastic."
"I purchased the Wonder Clips on a recommendation from the Crafty Gemini, Vanessa Wilson at craftygemini.com. They are a fabulous alternative to pins for any project that you would finish an outside edge.  It is especially handy for binding. And best of all... no more pricked fingers. I have used mine for a couple of weeks on various sewing projects, and they are very durable. They would also be useful for any craft project to hold materials together."
"I wanted to try these clips after seeing them at a sewing demonstration.  They work extremely well on hems and binding and hold the fabric well.  They are easy to apply, there is no risk of pricking ones fingers, and they are easy to remove as you sew. They are also useful for making bags, as they hold the layers of fabric extremely well.  On bags, if the opening is small they become a little awkward - I was topstitching the opening of one bag which just fit over the base of my machine and the clips were slightly bulky in this one situation.  I am glad that I brought two packs."
I got this for my mom and she love's it and the clips are vary strong and hold tight. it a must buy if you don't like getting stuck by needls
"I tried these clips when they first came out as I was making a bag, and these work so much better than pins or clothespins. The small package I originally bought cost about the same as this box of 50. What a deal! I'm very pleased."
"I have always used the ""clips"".  Thought that the Clover were overpriced until I found this package - 50 for around $13.00.
Great delivery time from the Supplier.  I now have 3 boxes.  Great when binding a quilt!"
I use the clips to hold several layers of fabric together to sew together. Less slipping of fabric or not sewing through all the layers.
These are really nice for holding fabrics that you don't want to pierce with a pin.  Also nice if you are altering clothing and need to work with the item on the person.  You can make the adjustment without the danger of pins sticking anyone.
These clips are just amazing I find myself using them instead of pins all the time. They are especially great for fleece and quilts.
"good price, good communication, long deliver time to Germany

I am happy with theese Wonder Clips in my sewing room"
I absolutely love these clips. I use them for everything! I love using them on wet bags because I don't have to worry about poking holes in my pul. I use these in place of pins whenever I can because I always manage to stick myself. When I just need to hold a piece together these work perfect.
Excellent value over the price in Quilt shops.  So good I re-ordered more and can now 'clip' an entire quilt before I sew.
"This is a great product for every seamstress and quilter,  would probably be great for crafters in general. Great for hands free techniques."
I use these clips for everything from in place of pins to holding project pieces together in like kinds.  They are fun and useful - how did I ever get along without them :-)
"I know most people use these for quilting, but I like them to hold my hand-stitched embroidery in place when I'm finishing ornaments and other three-dimensional pieces.  They work like a charm!"
"Can't quilt without these handy clips.  They are the right size, hold well and have a measuring guide on them.  I chose them initially because I believe Clover to have great products and now that I have used them, I would recommend them for many different projects.  Excellent price!!"
"I bought these from Amazon after my sister raved about them, and a pack of ten at JoAnn's was crazy expensive. They can't be used in place of pins in every situation, but for many they are wonderful. I use them when I serge almost exclusively; pins can hurt and the serger knives don't like them at all. These just fly by the knives and needles. I also have the larger ones, but these are the most all purpose. My sister sews on leather, and they hold very securely. After she told me about them, I tried to cheap out and use plastic clothespins--what a mistake. They don't hold strongly enough, and are not as precise. These clips get right up to the seamline and hold securely. JoAnn's has a pack of ten for $6.99 online ($10 in the store) and a  pack of 50, like these from Amazon, is $32.99 online. I paid $11.99, plus shipping. 5 stars is what they rate!"
I use these mostly when binding quilts but I have found they work well when i need to hem a skirt or pair of pants.  very good grip.
"Love these clips,  They work great on thick project instead of using pins.  Will be purchasing more to add to my supplies.  Love Clover products"
"I LOVE these!!!!! No more pinning!!! It took me less than 10 minutes to fold my binding over a king size quilt!!!! I use them for everything now.  Of course, if you are doing appliques in the middle of a large piece, they aren't going to work, but for appliques close to the edge and for bindings and piecing, they are great."
"The clips hold well and are very compact for easy storage. They are particularly helpful when sewing on a binding by machine. I bought a larger quantity to split between my home and ""go with"" sewing kits."
"Much better than pins.  I had been using stationary-type clips similarly, but these blow them away.  Wish I had them years ago."
I HAVE FOUND THAT ALL MY ITEMS  THAT I HAVE ORDERED ARE GOOD PRODUCTS AND ARE A GOOD VALUE AT A GOOD PRICE. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT
These are great for stabilizing a quilt's binding for the final blind stitch.  I have used them for 5 quilts so far.
"This should cut down on pinning patterns to material.  They look very sturdy and will get a lot of use,"
"I've never used clips before, I've always used pins, but these are great!  I am doing a project right now that uses several layers of thick material and the clips perform so much better than pins. I don't know that I will use them on really lightweight fabric, but definitely on fabric with high pile or where pins might leave marks in the fabric."
"Handy to keep at the machine for holding trims, zippers, and seams, but also GREAT for other uses in papercrafts, knitting, and crocheting.  One side is flat which allows them to glide over the sewing machine table as you sew.

The little box works well to keep them handy, too.

Why 4 stars instead of 5?  The measurement markings that are molded into the plastic are a bit hard to see."
"This is a great item for anyone who sews. There is no distortion, whether sewing thick quilted or high nap fabrics or regular fabrics. I sewed potholders that were very thick and at the same time had very curved seams. There would have been no way to pin without aggravation and distortion. The time saved from not having to pin and unpin was great. I will purchase the larger size also. By the way, the price was great, much higher at quilt and fabric stores!"
"These clips are nice and tight and really do the job. You can sew right up to them before removing them. They're easy to handle even though they're pretty small. Since I was always poking my fingers with pins, I'm happy to be using these now so I don't bleed all over the quilt!!"
"These clips are great for holding quilt bindings in place while sewing. They also work well in tight spaces for craft projects involving glue. They are small and grip really tight, but they are easy to operate even if your fingers are a little stiff. I bought a pack of 50 and it was a great buy at about $13 with free shipping from amazon."
Great service and these are really handy when quilting.  The item came on time.  I use these when quilting and they work great.  Glad I purchased them!
"Great tool and a fabulous price! I use these with almost every project. It is really helpful to use these when sewing binding, adding trim and for securing the edges of a quilt."
I love them and the service to get them was excellent.  I am ordering more. I machine sew my bindings on and these hold the quilt in place and do not scratch my machine and best of all they don't stick me like pins do.
I haven't used them yet but LOVE the idea behind them.  The case is perfect to keep all of the clips together.  They are also very easy to open/close.  I cannot wait to put them to good use!
Very Handy and Easy to Use.  Very handy for keeping cut pieces of fabric organized.  No pin holes to ruin the fabric.
"I love these wonder clips.  I originally purchased them to use when sewing on laminated cotton, but I now use them for all my sewing.  They are easier to use than straight pins and are very easy to remove from the fabric as you're sewing.  I like them so much, I bought another set for a gift."
The wonder clips hold fabric in place for easy hemming. They are easy to clip. Small enough to not get in the way of sewing.
This does what it is supposed to do but it still causes some puckering when doing multiple layers of fabric. I suspect less puckering than pins though.
They work so well. Much better than the safety pins. Love them excellent alternative to the traditional pins works great
"I wish I'd discovered these great clips years ago. I bought both large and small clips for a variety of projects. No pinpricks, no distortion with these. Perfect for hand sewing quilt binding. I especially like being able to miter corners and have them stay in place. Another great use is for holding vinyl or other heavier materials that are difficult to pin."
"These are great when I sewing multiple layers of fabric and interfacing. I used to use regular binder clips, but they would get too close to my needle and these stay perfectly out of the way."
Useful little clips.  I used them for sewing to hold the cloth together and the position stay well in place while sewing.  I also used them for other small packaging seal.  Really love it and recommend it to anyone who is interested in buying it.
These clips are perfect for quilt binding. They are so easy to use and make binding a breeze. Perfect for any quilter.
"Very handy... excited to get started on more projects! I'm so glad I purchased 50, so I don't have to run out of clips or pins... Bought the large clips as well so I should be able to manage projects better... These are sturdy and have seam allowance markings (no numbers, just a line) but the packaging will instruct the measures for easy convenience..."
going to come in handy when adding trims around necklines and binding to little doll blankets. I can think of 20 ways to use them right now. If you sew you will love these.
Super price for these.  They lay flat and hold slick fabric that I don't like to pin because pins can leave marks and sometimes slide out. Have used binder clips but these are so much better.  I'm sure I will find many more uses for these in the future.
"These clips are so great to have. They are really nice when you are sewing something that can't be pinned or if you just want to clip it and go!

I also use them for all kinds of other things such as keeping my gloves in pairs:)"
"I wish I would have discovered them sooner! These allow me to clip a baby blanket within an inch of it's life so it doesn't slip when sewing. Or, I can use them when dealing with oilcloth/laminates, so I don't puncture the material quite so much."
Love these clips!!! I use them to contain my embroidery item to the hoop and they function perfectly. I am so glad I bought them.
Received these clips this morning and have already used them for holding binding in place while hand sewing as well as quilt sandwich edges. They are fantastic!! I can understand why sewists don't care for them but for quilting? A must have tool in my studio!
"What a clever ideal! I love to piece quilt and these will help a lot! Thanks for the rapid shipping too! I only wish I bought more of them , can't  wait till payday to order more! Thanks!"
"Love these clips, no more pin marks in fine fabrics. I will say these take a bit of getting use to .... at first the time you save ""pinning / clipping up"" is taken back learning how to manage them as you stitch. Take your time and before you know it these will become your favorite new sewing room tool.... oh and for placing bias binding these ROCK!"
"This product is great.  I've been using those hair clip things, but these work much better - hold the work flatter and can get into tighter spots.  A must have for attaching binding on quilts!"
"These things rock.  Quilt binding will never be the same.  Also, Amazon's price just can't be beat.  Don't waste your time on the small pack.  The big pack is awesome and it is also a storage box."
Then can be used for so many things . But they were so small ! I didn't realize there were other sizes . I will order the larger ones because I think they fer a good price and of great quality ! Just be sure your read the sizeing before your order.
"s
o far i like them but i just started using them iju
st got them in the mail yesterday , i have several pairs of blue jeans already clipped up ready to hem. its sure alot easier then forcing straight pins into all those heavy layers of denim."
"These are aptly named. I find myself using them for everything: in place of pins, to wrangle trim, to hold things steady while I work...you get the idea. I was hesitant initially, given the high price, but these are amazing."
"Love these clips for binding and especially for holding purse straps for sewing.  No clumsy, wavy straps that you get with pins!  Now I have over 100 of these clips!"
"Useful in ways i could not have anticipated. I use these as quick-release paper clips for organizing papers, as mini-clamps in the studio (they don't damage papers the way paper clips do), for fitting, for hemming, on the fridge with a tiny magnet to hold notes....

They are stronger than i ever expected, which is why they keep solving problems i didn't know I had ;->

I just ordered 2 more boxes- one for a friend who actually quilts, the other to break up into smaller batches & give to friends who make handmade books & other artwork. Cannot recommend this highly enough as a gift for people who make things - from fine art to kitsch ;->"
"these clips are great, not only do they work great for sewing, they also are wonder-full for clipping shut small bags and the price is the best around"
"I use them on the binding of my quilts when hand sewing.  Saves time and most importantly, you don't get poked with pins.  Love, love, love them!!"
"Wow, I love these!  No more pins!  I still use the occasional pin, actually, but rarely.  These are so much easier to use."
"I really didn't know what all the ""Hype"" was about these little clips, couldn't imagine that they could be any better than the binding clips that I was using, but,they are!!  These little guys hold the binding nice and firm while I hand stitch.  There are enough of them that you don't need to continually stop and move them forward.  They stay put. These are great, one of those things that you can't imagine their worth until you try them!"
Works great for many things! I love it for using with my embroidery machine when placing fabric on my fast frames.
"My wife started using these for fabric, and I discovered that they make nice binder clips for paper if you don't mind the clip sticking out past the edge of the paper. The spring is very strong, and the red color is really visible."
"I thought I would like these clips, and I REALLY like them.  In addition to their intended use, I also found them very useful for keeping things where I want them in my outdoor craft market activities. Highly recommend them."
"I love these,  they are great for holding quilts together, pieces of fabric.  I don't know how you could live without them."
"This item was ordered as a give away prize at a quilting retreat and I know that they are great for quilters, so I ordered some."
"These are the best little items to have for quilting.  I use them for so many things - from holding pieces together instead of pinning, for bindings, for holding papers together and more.  Great tool to have in the sewing room!  I found that Amazon has the best price on these and of course shipping was fast."
Hold all those cut pieces together for your quilting projects.  No more pin holes.  Great for marking your place in any book.
"These are just cool! This was one of those impulse purchases; I didn't know I ""needed"" them until they popped up from another search I was doing, and the reviews were so great I thought I'd give them a try. They really work and are well made. My husband commented on how strong the grip was!

One note, however - if you have ""blond"" moments like I do, be careful about how you open the box. I opened it upside down and I was a devil to get the clips back in. Once I figured out how the container was SUPPOSED to open, I had no issues. But just a word to the wise since I totally spazzed on it!"
"I absolutely LOVE these clips! I bought them to hold binding in place on a very large quilt, and they do the job perfectly; they hold firmly, do not leave any marks or creases, are very easy to pull off as I'm sewing AND ~ the really big plus ~ they do not ""bite"" like pins!! I've started using them for other things as well...i.e. to hold fabric strips together before I pin them. The Amazon price was fantastically good~ I bought the 50 packs for $13.00 each ~ the best price I have ever seen for these. ( I got 4 boxes, and so glad I did...used almost all of them for the large quilt ) At local Joanne's they are $7.99 for a 10 pack! I would recommend these to anyone who quilts or sews!!! Worth every penny."
Hold the binding for quilts to hem wonderfully.  This is my second box...don't have to stop and re-clip with larger quilts!
"With so many that come in the package, I don't feel like I have to use them sparingly!  I bought two packages; I will share the other package with my sister!"
"Great substitute for pins on some projects!  Anything from Clover is always a good product.  My project, woven ultra suede is pinned to my design wall, the clips will make it easy to move to the sewing table!"
Have been wanting this product but the price point was quite high.  Was delighted to be able to get these and pay a very reasonable price for them.
They arrived as  I was told...and have been so handy in my crafting and sewing  projects...wish I would have found then sooner.
Used at a friend's quilting workshop and had to have my own.  Great price and great product.  Has multiple uses for anything small you need held in place.  Highly recommend.
Since I got my clips I use them for everything. From putting seams together to sew to putting on binding.  I love them.
I bought these in a recommendation of a talented quilter. They are perfect for clipping the binding of a quilt while you're hand stitching - no more pin pokes and tangles with the thread!
They are nice to have on certain sewing project. Very convenient to clip layers of fabric instead of pinning but the clips are heavy. They are perfect for very heavy fabric or quilts.
"I love these binding clips!  I used to use the hair clip style & they certanly beat having to use pins.  But these are fabulous! They are small, very visible and sturdy enough to hold up on thick binding.  A great improvement for quilters.  I plan to buy the large ones as well."
"Totally satisfied, wonderful item! Everything I expected to get!
thanks so much! loved it! have a great day everyone! thanks"
Fantastic for binding quilts. They hold the quilt nice and flat instead of bent like other clips. I also like the measurements on them. Helps keep my binding width even. Love them!
I am enjoying having these added to my needlework tools.  Much easier to use for many purposes than pins.  Wahoo!
These are great for holding binding on quilts.  I also use them to hold groups of cut fabric together as I mix and match.  I'm sure I'll think of plenty of other uses.
What a great deal these little clips were.  My mom and I split a package and we have both been using them ever since.  Quick delivery and great little product that I had not seen in my local stores.
"I'm a beginner at sewing - have only had my machine for a few months - and so I'm primarily doing simple sewing projects still.  Things that can be made by sewing in a straight line down two pieces of fabric.  These little clips have saved see so many headaches!  They're easy on, easy off. They keep the fabric flat, and require making fewer holes.  I ended up getting two boxes because I found myself using them so much!"
The clips work great and were very easy to use when I was putting on the binding of my quilt.  Love them.
"These are great! I used them to hold together layers for diaper covers, you aren't supposed to pin PUL; and I can think of other handy uses for them as well!"
These clips are so helpful.  I prefer using them in place of pins because I get a better idea how a garment will look after it's sewn; pins tend to obscure the garment.
"I haven't gotten to use these yet, but they looked great in the ads.  I have been dealing with husband's two cataract surgeries so haven't had time to ""play"" with my new toys."
These clips keep the bias edging in place without pinning. Very handy to use. Durable and priced well. I use for various edging projects.
"Love these little clips.  Great for holding fabrics together while sewing.  I also use them when finishing fabric items, small boxes and such, using glue."
"Getting these on Amazon made buying two boxes affordable. I really wanted to get some wonder clips because I was tired of pricked fingers and small scratches from pins. These clips hold two layers of lightweight fabric or many layers of fabric together very well. In addition to securing layers, the wonder clips are like small weights, holding a project flat or spread out on a surface, and avoiding the small gathers I sometimes encounter with pins. One box of wonder clips will be enough for a small project, however, for quilt bindings and larger projects, you will need multiple boxes."
"I am an experienced seamstress and sewing instructor. I had seen these clips being sold at my local fabric store for $29.99 and did not think about buying them because of the price. A student of mine had purchased these clips on-line and we used them for a project we were working on to hold bias tape down. Well I was hooked on using them immediately. I found these here on Amazon and had to order them. What a great price, they came very quickly and I have been using them ever since on the baby booties I am making to hold multiple layers in place. I love them and will be ordering another box soon. These are great to have and I recommend them as a must have in your sewing kit. Thank you for making them affordable and for the excellent shipping service.

Donna Whitacre
[...]"
Fantastic product! Has come in so handy for so many different projects. I thought when I bought them I wouldn't need all 50 but I've had nearly all of them out and in use many times!!
"These clips are so handy...I use them primarily for quilting, but have been handy for other crafts as well.  Would buy again!"
"These are so great.  I am making a paper pieced quilt from pieced hexagons, these hold everything in place as I stitch.  If you quilt, you would love these."
"These are great for gripping together thick layers of fabric, especially leather - I use them while sewing the seams of handbags. They're super strong (actually almost too strong - they sometimes leave a mark in leather)."
"They're so strong but small - perfect to hold extra fabric away from the needle on my embroidery machine, to hold items together when trying something on my 2-year-old granddaughter, and I'll soon be using them on my quilting project.  I'm very impressed by the sturdiness and strength of these little clips."
"I got them for only $10 from amazon...  They hold very well, they don't move, they stay where you put them. They look larger in the picture but they are smaller and cute. They are an excellent option when you can't use pins at the edge of bulky fabrics."
"I use this product to hold the binding on quilts while hand sewing it on. No more sticking yourself with pins which is what I previously used. I also think the price was great, so buy a couple of packages!"
I am a quilter and I use the clips to hold the binding in place to sew it onto the quilt.  It works very well and is easy to use.
These clips were a lil pricey but they're great. What you see is exactly what you get. They are very durable too.
"I use them all the time to do binding, remind me of my place when piecing, or clip a bundle to be pieced together. As time goes on I even put one in my hair to keep out of eyes. Just saying there are a lot of uses."
Great alternative than using pins. Clips are easy to apply and remove. It means the kids can get involved in sewing activities safely as well.
"Clover Wonder clips have a good strong grip, are easy to see and easy to use. I love the fractions of an inch markings on them too."
"As advertised, the Clover Wonder Clips are really handy for holding fabrics together until I'm ready to sew.  Using them recently to hold the seam allowance in place over hexagon pattern piece so I can baste accurately."
"You have to get these!  No more slipping and sliding fabric.  Put in my best zipper ever because of these magical things.  Buy them, you will never regret it."
"I love these clips.  I use them daily.  I love sewing, but
I have tremors, and they help to hold
fabric in place"
"I machine sew my bindings on quilts and these are the perfect item to hold the binding in place!  Yes, you have to remove them as you go, but attaching binding is a slow process anyway.  So glad I purchased these and the price cannot be beat!  I bought 3 packs!!"
I recently used them to hold the borders on a king size quilt before I sewed them on.  They worked perfectly and I wasn't stabbed by pins!  What a nice experience!!
I tried these clips at my sister's house. Just had to have my very own. They sure make holding a quilt binding for hand sewing a breeze.
This is a great product!  I have been using them to attach bias tape...Soooo easy with no pinning involved!!  I am sure I will discover other uses for these clips.
"yes....

buy them.

totally worth it.  Ill be getting more packs in order to have a secure surplus!  I love having them around!"
"I've now used both sizes for holding quilt bindings.  Depending on the size of quilt, both the large and smaller clips are really good.
They hold so well. I don't pin bindings any more."
Very durable & strong. I have had mine over a month but have used for numerous different projects. Highly recommend!!!!
the clover clips are a wonderful invention . they work better than anything else. no more getting stuck with a pin. works great for bulkier items  making bags pocketbooks etc.
"If you sew, you need Clover Wonder clips. I had 3 projects ready for binding when these arrived.  They truly make a world of difference!  These are not for your WANT list, put them on your NEED list.

I tested them out on leather which always show my pin marks. They hold wonderfully.  I had to place silk piping on silk and it held firm.  This product will make a huge impact in my projects, plus save me time. They are faster then pinning and then removing pins. The 50 pack was just what I needed and the price was better than any coupon at the fabric/hobby stores would have offered me.

I highly recommend this product to all sewers, not just quilters!!"
There is nothing like these clips I just love them great when binding quilts. They are also good for holding things to keep them in place while you stitch
"THEY WORK GREAT FOR HOLDING FABRIC.........A TIMESAVER FOR USE IN MACHINE EMBROIDERY, AND A PLUS FOR USE IN CRAFT PROJECTS......"
"perfect for keeping my quilt bindings secure whether I'm hand sewing or machining them. These suckers are expensive though, I'd buy the bigger ones but just can't afford them yet. The price on amazon is decent though so I do recommend if you do lots of sewing or crafting"
"I loved this product, makes sewing easier without tedious pins and poking my fingers. Amazon prices is cheaper than Jo-Ann's Fabrics."
These are great when putting binding on a quilt.  They hold fast and do not move as you sew.  Highly recommend them.
No more pins poking my fingers as I hand sew binding onto the quilt. Holds in nice and firmly in place.
"I love these things, and I haven't even sewn a garment yet. I make jewelry, and these are handy to keep beads from sliding off the end of thread or wire, for holding layers of fabric for bead embroidery (ok, that's technically sewing, but not clothes). They hold well, each clip has one flat jaw and one jaw that has a gripper ridge. They are just the right size for holding layers together with pattern paper, and they're big enough to accommodate three layers of polar-fleece type material. Wonderful things, and I am ordering another box to be on the safe side!"
"I bought these based on a recommendation from a friend, and am very pleased. These clips are so much easier to use than pins with things like piping and binding. They hold very firmly and keep the fabric flat. Highly recommended!"
I find  these handy little clips very useful instead of pins to securely hold fabric together or hold trimming in place
I like to use this to 'pin' binding on my quilts while I hand stitch them on.  No more pin pricks and cuts when I get near the next pin.  These hold nicely and much more economical when you buy 50.  I first bought the small pack of 10 and that was just silly
"They're great - use them when I bind a quilt, which I do about once a month. Probably will buy more."
These clips were well worth trying!  I love them!!!  They are quick and very easy to use. Especially great if your not wanting to poke a lot of holes in your fabric.
"They go on fast!  But the one closest to the needle has to be removed at least an inch from the presser foot.  Using these to bind placemats, I found that having to remove the clip so far from the presser foot meant that the bias binding slid out of place, especially going around corner curves.  I will save these for long straight seams, where they are FABULOUS.  I bought the 50-pack (two of them actually), and don't regret it.  I'm awarding 4 stars because of the problem with curves; otherwise I'd give them a 5."
I just finished a tshirt quilt for my son and don't think that I could have done it without these clips!  They were easy to use and such a great help in holding the layers in place while I sewed.
Easy to put binding on..no more hours of work. Easy to use. Lots of quilters use the clips for binding.
These clips are great for hemming or binding quilts.  No more straight pins to draw blood.  Thank goodness for Wonder Clips.
I work with a lot of laminated fabric and this clips eliminated the need of using pins for me with that kinda fabric. Thinking about buying more soon too :)
"These are great little clips that you can use for a lot of things.  They come packaged in a nice little plastic box, which makes storage so much easier."
These clips are the best!  They speed up finishing process greatly.  They definitely stay in place better than anything else on the market.  The price is is very good.
Just love them.  Used them on my binding for the last quilt and they were great-had enough to go entirely around it-easy to work with!
I am a huge fan of the wonder clip.  Perfect for holding bulky projects together while sewing your work.  These are a must have and the price was fabulous!
"For most applications, I really like these clips. They were smaller than I expected, but that turned out to be better after all."
I've been using pins for years to pin my binding for hand sewing.  I thought I would give these a try and I'm SOLD.  Love them.
"These bright little clips let you hold layers of fabric together without the risk of getting stuck with sharp pins.  They are easy on the fabrics and help with seam measurement, too."
Saw someone in a class using these and was hooked.  They are great and the flat side makes them easy to sew with.  The container they come in is handy and was easy to get into.
These are one of the coolest things for making bags. I don't have to use a ton of pins and they are much easier to take off then remove pins.
Love not having to use pins when binding!  Easy to use.  Purchased another package?  A must have for quilters  especially those who own small dogs.  No pins...
"These R wonderful and have found many uses for them including quilting, applique and postcard and card making.
Clever  little things they are, love them."
I use these Wonder Clips more often then pins when sewing now - they are easy to use and easily hold whatever it is that I am working on. Get them - you won't regret it ;)
I didn't know these handy little gadgets existed until I saw them on Amazon. They are well made and useful for so many projects.
"I LOVE my clover clips.  I have about 200 of them in a jar now.  Here's a tip - when I'm clipping the binding and getting a better chance to look at it, if I see a binding section that needs a follow up machine stitch or a little TLC, I'll flip the clover clip so the white side it up instead of the red so it's easy to find when I go back to it.

Also, you can park your needle under one of these guys, between the clip and the binding, and it won't go anywhere."
"These clips are so good for applying binding to a quilt.  Also for holding thick pieces together.  I had split a package with some friends, but found I needed more.  Their curved shape allows them to hold without distorting or pulling."
"Man, where have these been all of my life? These clips are so much better that trying to use pins with heavy fabric."
These are absolutely the best EVER. WAYYYYYY better than traditional pins. SO glad I decided to try them out. Get them. You won't be disappointed.
These are really nice to use. Previously I had the clips that required the handle filled with clips.  It kept coming apart so these are much nicer!
"This is an interesting product for the sewist.  I saw these clips in one of my sewing and fabric store ads but they were very expensive.  Looked like something I wanted to try, so I ran to Amazon to see what the price was and it was just a fraction of the sewing store price.  I do like them in place of pins, the only problem I can see is that on flimsy fabrics, they are a bit heavy when you are using a lot of them.  They are great, though, when sewing on fabrics that leave pin holes.  I haven't used them when sewing bias tape but I think they would be really helpful for that, as well.  I do recommend for your stash of sewing toys."
"These little clips are so tiny that the whole box fits on my sewing table easily.  They are easy to open, and stay in place.  They do not leave holes, so you can use them on leather.  They have a solid gripping surface, so you can use them on lace.

The only negative is that they CAN come off easily if the fabric is heavy, so I could not give them 5 stars."
"I just used these yesterday to hold the binding on my quilt, as I was stitching by hand.  I was so excited I didn't get stuck with any pins like I used too.  Wow, these are great, so glad I spent the money.  One package was almost enough to go around a twin size quilt. I would say this is a must have.  Any quilter would love these clips as a gift or treat for yourself.  The clips are very strong and they did not fall off. I even folded the quilt up 3 or 4 times and it set down then came back to later and the clips stayed intact."
"Had previously purchased a package of 10 at a quilt shop for the same price I paid for a package of 50 on Amazon (that was frustrating!) But I loved using them and decided to purchase more and was happy to find them for such a good price.  They make binding a quilt by hand so simple and although I haven't tried attaching the binding with the machine, I'm sure it would work well in that situation as well.  Purchased an additional set as a gift."
"These clips are so useful. For many parts of a project, especially for several layers of fabric, they work much better than pins. I've been sewing for 59 years and so wish I had owned this product before now. Probably will be ordering a second box."
"I am a ""sewing novice"" and always worried about being able to sew in a straight line.  These clips are great and hold well as well as being designed so that you can sew with them on."
"Who would of thought of using Clips on material, esp-QUILTING? Nice reuseable clips, easier to find when dropped.  Sure beats the old fashion pins.  Works for me!"
"Finally something to replace the straight pin! Works just as well, doesn't leave holes in the fabric. Easy to find if you drop one on the floor. And while it does hurt if you manage to step on one --- it sure is better than having to pull a pin out of your skin!!!! Wish I had found them sooner."
"These are really nice. The hold really well, are convienent and 50 is more than enough! You can keep them in the plastic box that they come in since it very sturdy and durable not a temporary container. It's just sort of an odd design but not a big deal. I was able to get them for about $15 which was a steal! So if you can find them for that price too definitely get them!"
"I haven't had time to do much sewing lately, but I've done enough in the past to know these are truly neat.  Not having to use a billion pins when sewing on a binding makes my fingers very happy.  Not having the sewing line distorted (as when using the hair clips or pins) will be great.  I've already recommended these to friends and family."
I would recommend this to anyone who is sewing purses or making quilts. These are perfect clips for holding the multiple bulky layers together.
"these are small and easy to use on a quilt binding... and I got them early, its a wonder what people will think of."
These small clips work great for small projects but since most of my projects are larger I prefer the larger clips but they are a good product and worth having in your studio.
"A great new product that I use all the time to hold my binding in place when sewing in down by hand. Also, had to sew up my grandson's torn football gloves & used them to hold the other fingers out of my way. There are probably a ga~zillions uses for them! I love them!"
These binding clips are so very easy to use and do not snag my fabric at all.  Thread doesn't get tangled around them either.
"I really prefer these clips for grasping and holding seams where corners meet in piecing blocks together and every other place where I used to use pins.  Pin pricks are a thing of the past now, as these clips work great for hand sewing, as well as for holding quilt binding in place.  They are small, strong, sturdy and have marks for 1/4 to 1/2 inch bite, if needed.  They could actually be used for other tasks all around the house, but I would not want to use them anywhere else but right by my sewing machine.  These are available in my local quilt shop, but Amazon has the best price.  Thanks, Amazon."
These are like mini clothes pins! The difference is  the short length which works great for sewing! And they are cute!
"So much easier to use than the hair clips!  Perfect size, does the job well.  I've bought two more boxes to give as gifts to my quilting friends."
These are wonderful things to use with  sewing absolute love them.  Great tool when binding a quilt!  Nice price on these too
These clips are great & thoroughly recommended for anyone who makes handbags or who works with heavy materials which are more difficult to pin. The clips are strong enough to hold malty layers together. You simply unclip them as you are sewing. Also very useful for holding/clamping materials together which have been glued to secure until the glue holds.
i bough these by accident i will admit.  hit the one click button instead of add to cart so i could research them a bit.  well these are amazing!  works way better than pins on some fabric.  i used them while sewing satin binding on a blanket.  kept everything in place much better.  plus no fear about going over one of these with you machine because they stand out better than a pin.
These worked really well and I have enjoyed using them. They hold patterns and you can even sew with them. I use them to hold cloth out of the way when I use the embroidery machine. I just think they were a little pricey for what they are and how many you get.
"These are handy to have around, but do have their limits. They work particularly well with thicker fabrics, such as holding binding in place around a quilt, but do fall off when used to hold a couple of lighter fabrics together along edges.  Wonder if they might work better if they were a bit longer as well--since bindings can vary in width based on preferences.  Like most quilting gadgets, they work well for very specific purpose, but could use gadgets that work well for multiple purposes so we didn't have to buy so many!"
"These are great for holding the binding and taking the pressure off of your handwork, the price is exceptional Thank you for such super service."
"Wonderful product, would highly recommend them,  this clips are so useful,  I like them so much I have used for a gift"
"Clover Wonder Clips, 50 Per Pack are fantastic! and cute! and adorable!  That is the real reason I bought them."
I am a quilter and use these clips to keep my binding in place when stitching it.  They work very well and I love them.
"Yes, I needed these claps to help with my craft projects to hold them in place.  I only have two hands."
I agree with everyone who loves them.  What more can I say?  So much easier than pinning.  I also use my exercise weights to hold down pattern pieces by the way.  No need to buy special weights.
"These are so nice to have, no pin pokes and they stay where you put them. Excellent purchase and well worth the $ !!"
"I was skeptical when I ordered these little buggers, but they really do work!!! They are so much easier to work with than pins. If you get the chance, order two boxes because they will come in handy."
"I love the clips in place of pins when I make purses, instead of pins in the handle, or sewing the lining in the purse.  They are convenient, not so strong that you cannot clip with one hand.  Make it easier to complete projects fast.. The clips also come in handy when putting binding on quilts instead of pinning, as I hand sew my bindings on.  I would recommend these Wonder clips to anyone who sews."
I saw these used on a harness loom to separate heddles on harnesses that will not be used.  I think that they will work great and the price was better than I've seen anywhere else.
"if making quilts, clothes, etc. you don't get poked with these and they go onto the edge of your project as easy as they come off, when your sewing the edges. I like these alot, you can use them for crafts as well."
"One of my most useful sewing purchases in a long time.  Makes putting pieces together a cinch.  I know they're often used for very thick fabrics, but I've had just as much success using them with thin, slippery taffeta."
"These things are great! I use these in place of pins on almost every project now. They are strong, hold thin and thick layers, stay in place, they're easy to put on/take off, and best of all they don't poke holes in the fabric like pins. I am so glad I got these."
I love the clips for putting binding on a quilt.  I was so impressed with the quality and ease of use that I purchased two additional sets to insure I had enough to do a large quilt.
LOVE LOVE LOVE these!!! will NEVER use pins again!!!  So much easier to deal with!!!  Used them today!!!  Very pleased!!! GREAT!!!
I cannot recommend this product highly enough. So much easier and quicker than using pins. They are super sturdy and even hold very thick fabrics in place whilst you stitch.
These little clips are awesome for when you aren't able to use pins:) one end is flat so it lies close to the cutting board
No longer on pins (still on needles though).  These clips make holding layers of fabric together a breeze!  A BREEZE I TELL YOU!
I ordered the pack of 50 as it was a great value compared to buying a pack of ten at a quilt shop.  These clips hold securely on quilt bindings and for clipping fabric squares together when preparing to piece a quilt.
Friend had some to use to hold rug to whip the edge  for traditional rug hooking.  Works excellent and is so much easier than having to pin or baste.
"One thing not mentioned on the product description (that you can see in one of the close-up pictures), is that these clips also have little raised lines on the flat clip base -- these aren't just for extra grip, they can actually be used to easily measure placement of clip from the edge of the fabric! Back of package tells you the measurements for each line (3/8"", 1/4"", and 1/2"" when fully inserted); I cut that part of the cardboard packaging and store it inside the plastic case for reference. That has been really helpful when handsewing at a 1/4"" seam allowance, so I can more easily judge the placement of stitches. Using the clips has been a lot nicer than lots of pins while I am handsewing with the garment in my lap -- no surprise pokes! Plus, when I reach the clip, I can just remove it and not worry about loose pins (I have been attaching the clips to my shirt when I am done with them, just to keep track of them easier). I haven't used them with a sewing machine yet, and one thing to keep in mind is that they do add a bit of weight (so be aware when working with fabrics that stretch). They are great little clips!"
At a recent meeting I saw a member with these clips on her binding. I was hooked- no more pin pricks .
I think this is a great product for quilting and using on bindings.  They are a bit pricey but I was lucky enough to find them at a fair price on Amazon.  Thank you.
"Rarely do I find a product with so many five star ratings and a handful of four stars with nothing but positive comments, I decided I needed to try these for myself and see what all the fuss was about.  I'm just sorry my first order was for only ten.  Here I am, back for more.

These things are the greatest invention since sliced bread!  In my twenty plus years of quilting, I've come across some good and some not so great notions . . .this is one of only a handful I wouldn't want to be without.

They hold the binding tightly to the quilt making stitching so much easier and faster.  No more pricks from pins while wielding heavy quilts at the machine.  The binding stays on securely until its stitched down."
"I love these clips for holding fabrics together while I assemble pieces and I use them instead of straight pins, etc., when I am sewing.  These clips are tight and secure even on thin fabrics, and they don't damage them.  Will be buying more, and picking up the larger size too!"
As a novice quilter these items are very helpful.  They arrived on time and have been very helpful. I willl definitely recommend to others.
i ordered these clips to assist me with quilt binding  they were to small for my current project..but should be helpful in the future
"These clips have several advantages over pins. First, they are more visible. Pin sometimes get left in and go under the needle, but you can't miss these clips. Second, the clips attach to the cloth as you hold it flat--no bending the cloth to get the pins in and possible shifting one layer away from the other. Third, and the best of all for me, is that I don't have to worry that I might accidentally leave these out and have a cat swallow one (cats do that sort of thing). A cat could swallow a pin, but these are just too bulky. The clips are small, but easy to hold and they seem sturdy. They even have seam measurements on them though I have not found those particularly useful."
"If you've ever tried putting binding on a quilt with pins, stop poking yourself and get these! They clip into place and they STAY THERE. I ended up giving a few to a friend because they are so much nicer than pins."
"After trying other products, I came across these! Not only are they superior to my old clips but getting them here was a lot cheaper than other places I checked!"
"I got a small pack of this item for a gift. I love the product. It saves a lot of time when putting on a binding of a quilt.

I would recommend this item to anyone that quilt's."
"Terrific and ingenious little devices.  This is a brilliantly designed item to help pin quilt binding.  I haven't used them for anything else, but I'm quite certain that there are many more useful ways to employ these babies!"
"This are easy to use, and really keep the ruler from slipping.  I keep the ""negative""  space, around the circles, and use that to put on the back of plastic templates that I cut myself."
Great new tool. easy to use and store.  Good price too. I have used them on a new quilt I was making.
New quilter and these helped a ton. But it was when I made a doily garland that these miracle clips saved the day! Worth it!
"These are great clips.  I have used them on bias tape when the folds were too thick for a pin.  I use them for many things, outside of sewing, as well.

Well worth the money.  Bev. Campbell"
Works great while you sew around the edges. Love them and happy I purchased them. I think I will get a set of the bigger ones too.
Very happy with these. Held together several layers of quilted fabric for a bag construction. Could not have completed the project without them. Really think they will be very useful.
They worked great the one time I used them!  They worked so much better than using paper clips.  I look forward to using them often in the future!
Used them for the first time and loved them.  You can clip down the binding but yet still stitch.  I'm a gadget girl but these really work well
"I know this is seems to be advertised as a quilting notion, but I mostly sew clothing and find these so helpful!  I can quickly ""pin"" things, they're easier to remove than pins, I don't worry about poking myself, and my husband uses these to help fit things without drawing any blood.  I've also used them when sewing hard-to-pin fabric (duck, cotton, and vinyl to make a trash bag) and they work great.  I sewed a very thick chenille baby blanket and these helped with attaching the binding to it.

Get the 50 pack!"
"can't wait to use it as soon as I get the new sewing machine I ordered, will come in handy"
the clips  make quilting easy breezy. they were recieved quick and in great new condition. It is a good investment for any skill level.
"Already hardly pinning at all!  These little wonders also work well with serging as well as sewing. Got two boxes, though I prob didn't need to, as there are 50 in a box.  My sis-in-law had these and shared how well they worked--she was so right!"
This was a present for my mom who is an avid quilter.  She kept losing pins on the floor and so I thought these would be a lot better and there would be no risk of stepping on any pins.  Her other quilter friends are very jealous of her new clips and some have gone out to buy their own.  Good product!
"These are the best clips ever for quilting.  I love them.  I use them to ""pin"" the binding to my quilts before quilting and they work so great.  The 50 pack is also a really great value."
"great to use when you don't want the material punctured by pins,
I am amazed how well they hold,... they are really strong,.... must be great for use with leather too,..."
"After bending many pins, I decided to take the plunge and purchase the wonder clips I'd heard about. At first, they seemed smaller than I imagined them, but once I started using them, the size seemed just right.
It can hold together as many layers as my sewing machine can sew through. They are easy to put in and out but strong enough not to let go of the fabrics they're holding.
They don't leave a mark, either.

So all in all I'm in love with them. Now it's a matter of time to see how long they last..."
"I am in school for accessories design and we make leather shoes and handbags. My teachers all use simple binder clips to hold the leathers together, but I found they weren't sturdy enough and the ends of them were easily caught on the machine when I was sewing. I was looking for a better solution and found these wonder clips. They hold the leather firmly, but don't end up gouging leather unless it's extremely soft. Even if it does leave a little mark it will go away with a few rubs of your fingers. They are so easy to use and easy to grab them off the fabric as you are sewing- so much better than those terrible binder clips that have strange rough edges and gaps. These are super sturdy clips and I cannot say enough good things about them. If you are considering them at all just go ahead and buy a pack- you won't be sorry! Worth every penny- and everyone in class is always trying to borrow them and asking where to get a pack of their own :)"
I do not have an opinion on this product. It will take two years for me to formulate an opinion.
I am in love! My tender fingers will not get pin pricked again! Easy to use. Stays in place. Even has seam allowances markings. Perfect.
With all the quilters out there I can 't believe it took so long for these to be invented. Binding a quilt can be a pain as it is so any help that comes along is welcomed.  Can think of other uses for these clips as a crafter also. A great product.
"Throw down for the 50 pack because these are so unbelievably handy, you will be using them everywhere. They are much quicker to use than pins and very strong and high quality. They don't have serrated teeth like some clamps, they have little concave dots on one side and convex divets on the other side. They really grab and stay put without damaging delicate fabrics. They are perfect for little areas that a pin would be too long for. The case they come in is a sturdy and secure clamshell plastic case. You couldn't find a better case if you purchased one separately. You will wonder where these have been all your life. These are made in Japan, not cheap China crap."
"I have always hated using pins when I sewed, so when I saw these I had to try them. I LOVE them!!! No more sticking myself with pins again. They work really well with really thick fabrics or large layers of fabric all together. The 50 pack was the best deal in my opinion and they come in a handy plastic case. Was actually thinking of ordering more."
"I haven't used these a lot yet, but they will come in very handy when stitching the binding on a quilt by hand."
I started out with a smaller package of the clips but immediately ordered the larger quantity when I realized how convenient they are to use.
"This product makes attaching binding so much easier, no more
folding over and basting then stitch, just stitch one side fold, clip
and stitch.  Think I will buy the larger ones also."
"I love these clover wonder clips, I don't stick my fingers on the pins, like I was doing all the time"
love working with the wonder clips. stays in place don't have to worry about sticking myself with a pin. no pain .
"There are a lot of the clips included.  I wish they had a bit more ""hold tight"" ability. They are okay for thinner items."
"I am in love with my sewing machine and thought I would buy it a little gift-these really do hold. But unlike straight pins that you can manuver around, you have to take these puppies off-which defeats the purpose of the clips. I am hoping they will be more useful for some unknown project in my future. They are just OK."
"Wonderful for just about anything. Great for people who have hand issues. I will be buying more, best new product  on the market."
"These are awesome little clips!  They make binding so much easier!  I always used hair clips, but a friend had these and she swore by them, and now I do!"
Love these little clips.  They are great for sewing and other crafts when you need an extra hand and nobody's around.
I totally love these little clips. They work wonders for keeping my material pieces together while sewing. They work especially well for items that have several layers.
"By using these clips, I can hold the quilt so I can safety pin it and then quilt. It does the trick!"
"I would highly recommend these clips to anyone who loves to sew, either clothing or quilting.  When I first saw these little guys I just knew I had to have them, and yep I was right.  I still use pins or weights to cut my patterns out with, but when it comes to piecing them together these wonder clips are excellent.  They hold the fabric firmly together, yet they are  easy to adjust if you need to, and when it comes to things like 1/4"" hems that's where they really shine and there is never any fabric distortion like when  you use pins.  This is a must have that will make any sewist smile...."
I love these clips. They are perfect for holding down binding while hand stitching.  They are shaped to fit perfectly over the binding while holding tight.  I am going to buy more of these.
"Actually, I bought these for my husband, he is into machine quilting. He doesn't like working with pins so when I saw these I purchased them for him and he loves them. So much easier to work with when he is binding the quilts that he quilts on his machine.  A new hobby for him!"
This product has saved my fingers while sewing on a binding on a quilt It's better than straight pins. Wonderful product.
"I had heard great things about Wonder Clips, and now I am a believer too. They are a great pinning alternative on most projects. I also use them to clip pattern pieces together when I'm working on a project to keep everything available, but together. The clips are durable and there are plenty in one box for what I need."
"I use this to hold my quilt binding on when hand-stitching to the back and it's so fast and easy, plus I don't prick my finger on any pins!"
"These are perfect for quilt bindings or to hold multiple layers together when sewing, especially purse/bags/totes! I've bought 3 pkgs."
"I purchased this item to hold 2 layers of cotton fabric plus the batting together when I would quilt my quilts. The clips come off easily when doing a project larger than a block pattern. Stick to safety pins for holding your project together while quilting.
Not worth the trouble to keep having to reclip the clips when moving fabric around for quilting."
No more pricking your fingers with pins when hand stitching binding on a quilt. Highly recommend that you purchase these clips - you won't be sorry!
"So far, I've only used these with woven fabrics, so this review applies to them.

Being a short person, I do a lot of hemming - sleeves, pants, etc. I can hem now in a fraction of the time it used to take using these little clips.  I also have used them to secure bias tape binding to potholders, etc.  They definitely hold better and are much faster than pinning or basting. Easier to remove as you sew than pins, and no more stuck fingers.

I've been sewing since the 60s and I would rank this as one of the best sewing items I have purchased in many years. Well worth the price.  They seem sturdy and not that easy to break or fall apart."
My sister is a quilter and I got her these for Christmas. They are great! The large clips hold her bindings down so she can sew them.
Haven't used these yet but they look like they will work great for holding the binding on my quilts while I'm hand sewing the binding on.
My daughter says these are the best!  She says they are so handy to help hold fabric together for tough spots. She won't be without them ever again.
Great product. Would recommend to any person who quilts as the clips are good for when sewing bindings on instead of pins.
These are fantastic! They look so simple it makes me wonder why I didn't think of it myself. I use these instead of pins when sewing bulky fabrics and it's so much easier. You'll find hundreds of uses and the nice storage box is a plus. They are high quality.
These clips are a godsend for anyone like me who is tired of poking themselves on pins when quilting!  Thanks!
I have told others about these.  The clips really help hold binding on and don't get in your way while sewing.
The clips are great.  They have a strong grip when used on the fabric.  They are all that I expected them to be.
These clips work well when adding binding to a project or quilt.  Quilters shouldn't be caught without at least one box.
"Very useful, I use them the hold the binding on my quilts when I am attaching it. They stay put and hold the fold. I love them!"
"I bought these to use with my serger, and love Love them. They are working out so so well; and I love how they slide off so easily as the fabric feeds toward the serger knife. I am confident of their holding power and a simple squeeze releases fabric layers as they head towards the serger blade and stitching needles. I love these so much I ordered the larger size; altho I've yet to try them. These have been adequate to my needs so far; I'll be serging heavier-duty sweater layers soon and look forward to using both sizes as needed. I cannot recommend these highly enough.
Try them and you'll love them I bet.!"
"They help with holding material in the hoop.  Just what i needed, Small.  what can i say about clips? There great!"
These are the greatest for using to hold bindings on quilts and I have found more ways to use them.  Holding cuts of fabric together and they even hold up a wall hanging quilt I made.  Greatest little things
A friend gave me a hand full of these.  They are so fantastic that I bought more. If  you ever start using these you will rarely pick up a straight pin again.
"I love these! I like them even more than I thought I would, they are easy on your hands, holds the fabric tight, non-slip. They are worth the money, I would like to buy another pack! They helped me hold the fabric evenly and get an even binding all the way around. I do wonder how clothes pins would compare to save some money..."
Love them.  I have found multiple uses for them. I am so happy that I found them at this great sale price.
"Love this clips. Excellent for quilting, so much more useful than the regular pins. They are great for craft making and bags too."
"Great for any sewer!! OR  quilter!!!They save alot of time, and no pricked fingers when using with the sewing machine,  They hold real tight, and are very well made.  Not cheap cllips"
"I purchased these after reading glowing reviews  but really didn't expect to use them for much more than the occasional quilting. Was I wrong! These clips have replaced pins for me in 90% of my garment construction. Once you get in the habit of using them, they are just as quick and easy as pins and totally eliminate the possibility of hitting an overlooked pin with your sewing machine. Also, no more crawling around on my hands and knees looking for dropped pins before they end up in my foot. And finally, if you are teaching children to sew, these are fantastic! Much safer than pins.

Wonder clips hold your fabric together tightly. The clip opens wide and even has 1/4"" and 1/2"" guide lines marked to help you clip your desired seam width. The bottom of the clip is flat so they move smoothly on your sewing surface. Use them just like you would use pins when sewing seams.

Where they really shine, in my opinion, is when used with delicate fabrics that are easily marred by pins. I am using these while I'm sewing my daughter's wedding gown. It is silk charmeuse, which is very lightweight and the satiny surface is easily damaged. The slighted hint of a burr on even silk pins would mar the fabric. With these clips, I have not used a single pin in construction. The clips easily hold two layers of this very thin fabric together with zero shifting. The spring in the clip is strong enough that the clip bruises the fabric slightly so I am careful to clip only within the seam allowance however, the bruising disappears when I press after stitching.

I think these are a must for fabrics like chiffons and silks, leathers and suedes, vinyl, sequined or beaded fabric, etc., but I find that I use them for everything now! (Clover also makes these clips in a jumbo size, which is perfect for quilting.) If you sew, you will be happy to have these."
A wonderful help for arthritic hands. It makes it so much easier for me with the clips holding the pieces together to feed the material through the sewing machine.
the clips work effectively and do what you would expect; not my first purchase and I would buy them again
"I bought these to do bindings on some place mats and they are fantastic!  My mom had purchased a different sort of binding clips, which were OK, but these held much better and were easier to use.  While they hold securely, they're easy to slip on and off and make attaching a binding very fast and easy.  I'll be buying more for mom.  ;)"
"These little clips are wonderful.  I use them instead of pins when putting bindings on quilts.  In the past I've used long pins--pins don't hold fabric straight, they bend, they stick me!  The wonder clips hold the fabric straight, wouldn't dream of bending, and you can't stick your fingers with them!  They are great for holding thick fabrics.

Would definitely buy again and I will if it turns out I need more than 50!"
"lay flat, non-bulky, strong.  I have used them now on quilts, knitting when sewing seams, on pieces of sheepskin while making rugs, on canvas while mending horse rugs, on the edges of my work while weaving, and to hang and dry felt.  Sure I will go on encountering other situations where they are just what I need"
"I think this is a pretty clever product. I wish I had thought of it! I've always hated sewing on binding, mostly because of all the pins required to keep it in place. I get poked all over, and on occasion I've had pins fall out and go missing. These make the job much easier and more pleasant."
these are perfect for the smaller projects I've been working on. I LOVE the color as they stand out on anything I'm working on!
I love these clips. They work great for holding thick layers together. I used these on a bag I made that was lined with each layer double-interfaced; there was no way I would have been able to get a pin through all those layers!
"Pins.... who needs pins? I just bought my second pack of these clips. No more needles in the flesh!! Not that I make a habit of that, but it has happened once or twice. Nothing else makes you know you are alive like a needle in the flesh. However, I am quite aware I am alive and if by chance I need more of these, well I know where to come! I am going to be buying the larger ones next. They makes it easier to see sewing lines and best of all, NO PAIN. I used them on chiffon this weekend and they worked like a champ! I am throwing all my pins in the garbage!"
I haven't had much use for my straight pins since I received these clips - especially when putting several layers of fabric together.
"For the FIRST TIME ever, I managed to sew on my binding nice and evenly on BOTH sides using these clips!  They are perfect for holding binding in place as you sew it to the entire quilt.  They don't come loose or scratch or bend out of shape like pins do!
Love, love, love these clips!"
"In fact, the work so well, this is the second package of them that I have purchased.  No more getting stuck by pins when I'm sewing down the binding on a quilt!"
"Received the clips in a few days after I had ordered them,  Brand new and cheaper than anywhere I have looked."
"Awesome product with many uses, these  Wonder  clips make holding a binding in place a snap.
Easily machine sew a binding because these clips do not move. They do not distort the fabric, and can be used to hold multiple pieces of fabric together as well.  Convenient markings on reverse side."
"Not only are these good for bindings, I found them awesome for keeping piles of cut fabric together.  I attached little labels on each to tell me what all the cut strata were for a Bargello, keeping them straight and keeping me sane!"
"When I saw these Clover Wonder Clips, I had to give them a try. They are like mini-clamps, and you'll find them helpful for all kinds of crafting functions, including:

1) Applied Binding for Quilts -- That needs to be hand tacked, and these clips hold the fold over to make it easier on your hands. Yes, I also use spring clips, but Wonder Clips are just a little bit nicer.

2) Sewing Vinyl or Laminated Fabrics, you can't use pins because they'll leave permanent holes. Mini binder clips slide off, but Wonder Clips stay in place.

3) Gluing Layers -- paper, fabric, etc. Holds everything in place until the glue dries.

There are measured markings on these clips that you might find useful. Use the clip like a gauge. The price on the box of 50 Wonder Clips can't be beat! The pack of 50 comes in a hard storage box. Also available in a package of ten clips."
"For someone who sews quite a bit, these clips are terrific. They hold seams without stabbing your fingers. They are easy to use, and
and I almost never use pins now. They have markings for seam sizes and that is just an extra huge bonus!"
"The clips fit nicely over quilt binding and hold it in place without distoring/marking the fabrics until I'm ready to stitch it down by hand.  Much better than straight pins that prick the skin or hair clips that ""dents"" the fabric."
These are a great idea and well made. The built in marks make it easy to maintain the seam. (of course the 1/4 inch foot helps as well! LOL)
These are so snazzy! I plan to use these mainly for binding quilts but who knows what else once I get started.
"I am working on my very first ""star"" quilt and finally pulled these babies out of their package. I was struggling with positioning the diamonds in the star until I thought of the Clover Wonder Clips. They are marked on the clear side with several increments; the most important to quilters is that 1/4 inch! I used these before stitching to preview where the seams were going to end up. I am so thrilled - no more pinning, stitching and ripping on these blocks! Just take the piece to the machine and remove the clip before I get there. They are amazing and I wish I had tried them sooner."
"Finally, clips that are easy to use, snag less , and sturdy.  I use for bindings, clipping strips and quilt blocks when organizing.  I clip completed blocks to my flannel board, quick to move and reposition.  Price here is excellent .  Great notion"
"I bought these to use with quilting and was very happy with how they worked.  One side of the clip is flat, the other slightly curved, so it works great for bindings.  I would recommend these to anyone in the quilting market."
I Love the wonder clips. They are awesome for holding bindings. You don't have to worry with pins falling in the floor or sticking your fingers.
Saw these used on sewing with Nancy. They are a great substitute for pins and I like the quarter inch markings
I love these clips.  They are made so that the exact measurement of your fabric binding on the back and front are aligned perfectly.  It makes sewing on the binding easy!
"These will be a big help in my quilting - are highly recommended by friends.  Service was great - ordered Wed morning, received Friday morning."
"These clips held the three layers of my quilt sandwich just perfectly....I almost did not have enough to clip a full size quilt though, so be sure & order an extra package. Also, you can use them to clip your little squares, circles or whatever quilt pieces you need to organize.

 I cannot tell you how much you will like these clips. I intend to use them in my office area, instead of those bulky office clips, these are so much easier to work with.

Also, you hobby people will find a lot of uses to hold objects together.

Next purchase will be the larger size - I am sure I will find uses for those too."
These clips are very useful for many quilting needs.  I used these to hold minky to cotton fabric.  I of course removed them as the fabric entered the sewing area of the machine.
The product was nice.  I liked how it came quickly as I am giving them to my sisters for their birthdays
These come in handy with binding.  They are easy to use and easy to spot if we don't get them all taken off.
"Every quilter, seamstres, crafter needs these clips.  I'm using them to make the Kansashi flowers, and they are so much better than pins to hole the petals together."
quilters will flip at how perfect these are for holding binding in place while you hand stitch it in place.  awesome
"I had seen these used, but had doubts that I would like them. Then they arrived and I needed to put binding on four quilts and they were used again and again. Thanks to whoever designed them for making my life less hazardous, no more pin holes in my hands."
These now also come in a longer size and they are great. I don't know how I got along with out them
the clover wonder clips are exactly what I need for quilting the clips are small enough to not be in the way when attaching binding to quilts but are strong enough to hold the binding in place
"These clips are genius! I didn't realize it when I bought them, but they actually have markings on the bottom that let you measure seam allowance when placing them. I honestly may never use pins again when I can help it.

Hems, bias tape, edging, seams - they have been revolutionized.

I'd call them a must-have for any sewing novice or professional. They're easy to use, and they appear to be well-made. I may just buy another pack..."
I had a friend who used these clips and I fell in love with them. These are easier to use and stay in place better than anything I have used in the past. Great for holding binding in place while you hand sew it down. Will recommend to friends!
I have given a few to some of my sewing club and they are a big hit.  Great for quilting and working on those special projects.
Have not sewn with them but using them to attach a cloth to my walker and love them already. Awsome.
Easier to use than straight pins for many projects. Good grip and work well when securing items that can be secured along the edge.
"A bit small for what I needed them for, but they are great quality.  Just wish they were larger.  Probably will be able to find a use for them."
So far I have used them while piecing a quilt top together. They made the project go faster than using pins. They held with a good grip and stayed put until I removed them.
"I don't know where these have been hiding as they are a must have for sewing,
quilting, etc.  Much nicer than pins."
"i have never seen these before . But the reviews made me want to try them.hope i like them, will see.."
"A strong clip, holds well - definately need the 50-pack to have plenty for tacking down the binding all around my quilts.  Also love the plastic container they came in - snaps firmly shut so I don't end up with a bunch of clips laying around."
I have never liked pins or needles in any aspect of my life. When I thought I had to use them in quilting I just dealt with it and continued to poke myself all the time. These clover clips will replace pins. Seriously these clips have increased my accuracy in quilting simply  because I use them all the time. Where before I might have not pinned because I Hate Them. Get the 50 if you quilt twin size or larger.
"I have used these clips to hold my quilt binding several time now.  They work great...they are a little pricey, but worth it."
Thes are definitely a WONDERful clip for quilting!!!  The quilt clips I used before these came along don't even compare! I may have to order more!
They are small but do the job just great. Keep things in place on curves and for bindings. You get a lot for the price.
"Don't use your office clips, they were designed for paper. This item will prevent you from getting hand fatigue: easy to open, easy to place and it doesn't mar the fabric. Buy the 50 pack. You will use them more than you think you will. Use them to clip together a garment for try-on rather than stabbing yourself with straight pins.

This is a fabulous idea. Now if only they would make larger ones for drapery and upholstery construction."
"this is a great item.  First time I bought the small pkg. then I decided to buy a larger pack.  When I'm sewing my quilt binding (by hand) to my quilts, it really saves me time.  With these clips, hemming goes really fast."
Someone gave me some for Christmas and I then I ordered these.  They really beat the kids' hair clips I'd been using when I add binding to my quilts!
"A well made product by Clover. The 50 pack come in its own plastic box, unlike the ten pack. Like most of Clover products, they are made in Japan, function as they are supposed to and are durable. I have been using these to hold small quilting like projects together for about six months (bought the ten pack to try them, had to buy the big box I liked them so much), and they have never failed me. Not one has broken, lost tension or in anyway failed to perform as they were when new. I have even stepped on them and didn't damage them (not recommended to do, just an observation). The Wonder clips hold firmly and don't fall off when moving the project around, what more could one ask?
I hate pinning; for me it is a skill that I haven't achieved yet, and with the Wonder Clips I don't know if I will ever need to. The only problem I have had was using them to hold a hem on a pair of jeans, they held the way should but there wasn't enough clearance under the free arm of my  sewing machine (Brother XR1300) and a few would get caught and fall off. Not the fault of the Wonder Clips or Brother, just the way it is.
Don't hesitate to buy these!!"
just what my wife wanted.  la la la la la la la la la la la la la la l
These clips are the preferred clips for holding a binding in place while hand stitching it as the final finishing step of a quilt.  A good price for the large supply of clips.
"Clover Wonder Clips makes putting a binding on a quilt a breeze!  Easy to use, and especially useful around curves."
"Great price,  used them last night while putting the binding on a quilt,  very nice to work with, keeps the binding even all the way around,  (due to the way the clips fit and arch over the binding ).  At first I thought this is silly I can pin faster than putting these on, but after I saw how neat they held the binding I like them."
"A quilting product recommended by other quilters. As a brand new quilter, I can use all the help I can get. These keep my binding in place while I am sewing."
"These are wonderful. Easy to get a grip on and easy to use. I had not tried them due to the $$$, but the price on AMAZON was so good I couldn't pass them up and so glad I didn't!! Thank you for the SUPER buy."
I use these clips all the time on quilts and purses.  They hold things in place and are easy to remove as you sew.  Love them.
These little clips are great!  So easy to use for sewing and more!  One side is flat so your fabric lays flat right up to the presser foot.  Love them!
"I use these for my sewing projects, they are good for holding things together that you don't want pin holes in such as a grill cover.  I wish I had these when I made one because I use a heavy vinyl and when you secure the seam with pins it left holes the grill cover, turned out well but it could have been better it is outside and no one really sees it so it is ok.  They grip well and I will use them from now on.  I would purchase the larger package because you usually need quite a few and you will probably order more in the end anyway."
"These clips&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Clover-Wonder-Clips-50-Per-Pack/dp/B004ZKPX8A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Clover Wonder Clips, 50 Per Pack</a>&nbsp;are a fantastic addition to a quilter's toolbox. Binding was my least favorite part of quilting, but no more. The person who engineered these little beauties must be a quilter.  The clip's ends are offset. This makes it easy to know just where your sewing line will be. Sew your binding to the front of your quilt, flip the binding to the back (secure with the clips) then stitch in the ditch between binding and quilt from the front. You get invisible on the front and consistently sewn on the back. And perhaps the best part, no more getting stabbed with straight pins. I can't say binding is my favorite part of the process, but I no longer look forward to it with dread. These clip are pricey, but well worth the cost."
"These maybe small but we're a real great idea for holding the
material in place and made it easy for sewing and cutting
the quilt I am making. They are strong and very durable.

Thanks
Hope"
I really like these clips. I got them when they were on sale. then I shared them with the gals I go to quilt class with. You can use them to hold  your cut out pieces together to keep them organized.
"I do a lot of sewing with canvas, leather & oilskin materials. These are difficult if not impossible to pin, especially with double thicknesses. I did not know theses clips existed, so I was quick to order some to try them out.
Every happy with the product, every happy with the service. Too easy!"
"These are the best little clips - they hold well, lie flat and are just easy to work with!! Use them myself and bought several for gifts for fellow quilters."
Love these clips and this is a great price. . . . . . . . . . . .
Got the product really fast.  The clips are just what I had wanted.  I will  order more soon. Wish I had known about them sooner.
These clips really make it easy to sew curves. Not having pin holes everywhere is a big plus. I will get more to add to my sewing basket.
"Very handy for holding things, like fabric when sewing or anchoring other items.  The uses are endless and now I have to order more because my family has commandeered them! What a great find"
I had never seen or heard of these when I bought them.  I was looking for some other sewing notions when these pulled up.  I decided to give them a try and I am so glad I did!  I especially love them for holding bias tape to a curved part of a project.  So much easier than pinning.  My new favorite notion - give them a try.
I received these clips as a Christmas gift.  They are exactly as wonderful as everyone is saying.  The 50 pack is perfect.  One nice thing about the clips is that you can use them to make sure you are attaching your binding evenly.  Just make sure the red side is on top of the quilt and on the reverse make sure your binding is fitting into the clip at the same place-ie no extra fabric hanging out beyond the clip.  Works great.
"I quilt and when adding binding on a quilt I use these instead of a straight pin.  I do not get poked, stabbed or scratched from the pins.  They are easy to put on and take off, whoever inventing these is a genious in my book."
"The Wonder Clips work very well for quilt bindings.  I usually put the binding on my quilt with pins or hair clips.  The pins poke me and the hair clips don't always stay on.  The Wonder Clips don't poke and they stay where I put them.  In addition, everything lays flat which helps me lay everything out on the table.  Yes, I recommend the Clover Wonder Clips."
"What a great tool for sewing and crafting! In addition to sewing, I use these clips in card and jewelry making. Love these!"
I have really enjoyed these clips. They are very sturdy and come in very handy. I highly recommend them to anyone who sews.
Work very well for holding the binding in place.  Strong little clips.  I'll bet I can find even more things to use them for.
They hold my fabric out of the way very nicely when I am embroidering.  I have suggested them to others.
These clips hold my binding tightly while I stitch it on. I haven't been quilting for very long but these work much better than the hair clip style.
"I use these over pins whenever I can. They're small enough to do the same job but don't poke holes in delicate fabric or get ""lost"" in the carpet when you inevitably drop them. You can use them for things other than sewing, as well. I'd say 50 is a good number for a quilt, but I don't typically use more than 10 at a time for a project."
"Love these clips. While I will still probably still need to use pins, I will reach for these first. No more bleeding! Showed the clips to my mother, and she ordered some as well."
"I am so glad for these clips. I am clumsy with my hands and stab myself constantly with pins, these things are amazing."
These little clips are great!  They are much easier to use than pins and they are much easier to see than pins when you are sewing.  They appear to be made well I haven't had any break so far.
Saves my fingers from getting stuck with the pins to hold the binding in place.  These are the greatest thing ever.  Love them
"This is a great product! Makes sewing so much easier, especially when sewing several layers, no trying to push pins through."
"I chose a 5 for ease of use and no pricked fingers.
Good value, cheaper than barrettes,
and held quilt binding tight."
"I used them while I was doing my binding, it is much better then using pins.  A good product. I like it."
"I have been using binder clips and hair clips for years, but these little Wonder Clips are so much better at holding the edges of the fabrics in place.  They also are nice and flat on one side so that they lye flat and and edges don't bunch or ripple."
"These clips are wonderful.  I am not a quilter, but I do like to make pocketbooks and sometimes it is difficult to pin all the layers together without distorting the design.  I have had these clips for a little while, but I continued to use office binder clips (a good alternative but heavy).  I finally opened the package this weekend for a project and was kicking myself for waiting.  This simple little gadget is a must have in the sewing room. Wonderful to use on fabrics that can't be pinned also.  I would not hesitate to purchase.  I didn't buy the 50ct package because I don't do quilts so the smaller package of 10 was sufficient for me.  Do not hesitate to buy these clips.  Nice and flat on the bottom so you can sew right up to them."
"Great idea, simple to use, very strong, much better than being stuck with pins or trying to put safety pins through the binding, have used them constantly since I bought them."
"I love these!! I thought the price was a little high but ordered anyway.  I was working with fleece when they arrived and work very well with fleece which is hard to pin,  I gave some to my daughter who sews costumes with difficult to pin fabrics.  She loves them...makes working with shiny, sequined fabric so much easier."
"I just love these clips and have found they are much easier to use than the silver clips I used previously.  They are a little pricey, but Amazon had a better price than other sources."
Anyone who sews can use these clips. They are great for quilting but I have found them useful in keeping fabric together that is hard to use pins or you don't want to put holes in.
"I absolutely love these Wonder Clips!! Not only are they good with sewing projects, but I have been finding good uses for them. It is made of durable plastic. The clip is solid and strong. It's the perfect size to keep in your purse as you never know when you'll need to clip something. I even hold coupons with these. I am glad that I bought the 50-pack because people have been asking me to ""borrow""....haven't gotten them back yet. You'll find lots of uses for these clips."
"These clips are great.  I was using them to hold the material together while making pillows, inserting piping around the edge.  Much superior to pins!  They hold well and don't poke or slice while working, as pins do.  Anyone working with fabric, or other need-to-hold projects would enjoy these Wonder Clips."
"Holds well, Easy to use. A Great addition to any crafter. If you sew and/or quilt, you NEED this in your supplies."
These are awesome! So handy for bulkier projects where several layers need to be held together.  I wish I had seen these years ago!
I am so glad I bought the large pack since I used most of them when I attached the binding on a small wall hanging before sewing.  So much faster and easier than pinning the multiple layers together.
"clover wonder clips have been a very worthwhile investment. I have used them from design to completion of a project. I have used them insted of pins for fitting my daughters clothes, and for holding fine seams together for hand sewing, and several other uses. I particularly like the design feature of a fine grasping tip.  One can have so many options for use with this notion! Highly recommend"
"Oh, every quilter who does hand work on their binding needs a set of these clips.  They are just fantastic!!  I also have most everything RED in my sewing room, very cheery and uplifting color to work with.  Thank you for the competative pricing as well."
"These clips are very useful and wonderful for craft projects,  holding material in place for sewing.  They are nice an small but strong."
These hold material together while sewing no pins to gum up machine. They lay flat so they slide right along the machine
"These are great little clips for sewing. I received them this week and have already used them in lieu of pins while sewing a purse. They worked nicely. The price was the best I could find, compared to other sights. Love shopping Amazon!"
They work better than pins in some areas... not sticking your fingers all the time ... easy to use.. I would recommed this item.. Not a big fan of things like this . but they do work well
These are one of te best things I have ever bought for my quilting.  I find I do use them for other things as well throughout the house.
"I tried these on a whim, and liked them so much I bought another box.  They are great for fabric too thick for pins or for a
quick 'set' when you don't want to deal with a pin."
I just purchased this box of 50 clover wonder clips and as soon as they were delivered I started using them.  They work great for clipping several layers of fabric together.  I frequently use a waterproof fabric and if you get a pin hole in it the water can leak through.  These work perfect and I don't get stabbed by pins when I'm turning my fabric.  Great purchase and wonderful price!!!
"Item arrived promptly , well packaged and nicely made. Ive used them often in my sewing. They are a truly great idea while they don't replace pins altogether they do provide a great substitute at certain times."
"I used these to put binding on a quilt.  They held really good.  It seemed to go really fast once I got the hang of it.  Took a little while to understand how far apart to put them, but once I figured it out  it was really quick in sewing the binding on.  A lot faster than pinning all the binding.  I would definately buy these again and I highly recommend to any sewer or quilter, whether  working by machine or by hand."
These clips are a fantastic tool. I use them in many different sewing and craft projects. So much easier than pinning. The price was unbeatable.
"These are perfect.  I gave them as a gift to a quilt maker.
She uses them for quilting and many other projects."
The Clover Wonder Clips showed up just in time to use for making the blankets I made as Christmas gifts. They work awesome - had to use less pins and less sticking myself with them.
"These have come highly recommended, but have not had time to use them just yet.  The price was much lower than any local sewing or quilt shop so I went ahead and ordered them.  They will be used very soon."
"These clips are fabulous!  They grip tightly but not too tight - excellent for that extra little hand you need in projects.  Of course, they are wonderful for binding, too.  Cuter than the old ""hair clip"" looking clips!  And, we want cute when quilting, don't we?  These were offered at a better price than anywhere else, too.  I'm happy - you will be too!"
"These are the best invention, not poking myself with pins all the time, they don't leave holes in delicate fabrics and are very strong and sturdy."
These clips are marvellous. I used them while making slipcovers and they held six layers of cotton canvas securely when pins just bent. Highly recommended.
"I am new at sewing and look forward to using these for minky fabrics as they are very difficult to work with. This clips were very cheap when I purchased them, so I am extremely happy with my purchase!"
"This is a wonderful product.  They just clip onto your binding, no matter how bulking or skinny.  Very easy to use, works well on corners, turns, both inside and outside.  I absolutely love these clips.  Just unclip these as they come to the needle, holds your work together fantastically."
"I don't know why, but I hate pinning! I always put them in the wrong way, I always stab myself, I always drop them on the floor & I always end up bunching the fabric. These don't completely eliminate the need for pins because obviously you need a free edge in order to clip, but I use these now 90% of the time. They're easy to see if you drop them on the floor & they're super easy remove no matter which direction you're sewing in. I love that they have a flat side for keeping your work neat and they have the perfect tension so that they never slip. They are certainly not neccesary for sewing but, if like me, you hate to pin they will make sewing a lot more enjoyable."
"I already owned 10 of these clips and found them so usable.  I wanted more so I ordered the pack of 50 and have found more and more uses for them.  As a piecer, home quilter and sewer I use them to hold my small pieces together as I cut block pieces, to hold seams together as I am sewing and to hold cut pieces by count number.
When sewing the binding on a quilt, they are so handy to clip the binding as you stitch along instead using pins that poke you."
Love these clips...no more getting pricked with pins.  Worth their weight in gold.  Highly recommend them for all types of quilting
"I use these when sewing vinyl banners for my sign shop.
I highly recommend getting the box of 50 because when I use them I use a lot each time."
Love these clips for putting binding on quilts.  Hiolds the binding in place and much easier to remove as you quilt around than pins.
Clovers Wonder Clips are the best new sewing notion in many years!! Would not want to have to get along without them.
"I have seen this used in 'trunk shows' at sewing events and they are highly touted by the 'experts' especially for holding bias around curves. We shall see if they are truly worth the (usually) high price of $30 as found in most places.
Purchased this time primarily because of the low price and 'must have' reputation in order to see for myself."
"this is great for clipping multiple layers of fabric, insulbrite or batting. i use it for making purses instead of pinning the fabric."
I love these clips.  I bought them for quilting but use them for all sorts of other sewing / craft projects
Best quilt.sewing accessory I ever purchased. Made my quilt binding process SO much easier. I avoid buying them because of cost ...if I only knew !...Worth EVERY penny
this is a quality product and such a good price  thank you. i wanted them for doing upholstery on our vintage cars they are perfect for this
"Wish I'd found these years before.  Super hold, much more visible than pins and no marks in silk, leather, ultra-suede etc.  Makes edge binding a snap."
"I LOVE these!!! Makes putting on binding so much easier, no more pins.  Also great for holding blocks together in rows before sewing.  They stay in place, easy to use even for older fingers.  Well worth the investment."
"I really like these clips!!  They won't replace my need for pins, but they fill a gap in the market.

Sometimes, while working on a particular project, I have to put soooo many pins into certain parts of my project that it gets rather cumbersome and even dangerous. I can't even fathom a guess at how many times I've stabbed and scratched myself with pins while dealing with this particular issue. I just used these clips on that project and it was such a breeze and I didn't have to stop working so I could get a tissue to ensure that I didn't get blood on the fabric!

I can't wait to try these on PUL fabric (fabric that has been laminated on the ""wrong"" side so that it is waterproof; often used in diaper making) and also standard laminate fabrics (fabrics that have been laminated on the ""right"" side), since it's advised that you don't put pins through those types of fabric.

All-in-all, these are great and I will definitely buy more of them in the future. Like I said before, they won't replace pins but they sure help where pins are challenging to use."
I've never sewn a border on a quilt so fast. They were so easy to clip on the border and move when needed.
I love using these clips for my quilting. I ended up buying another pack! And it's great for the price!! I highly recommend these for quilting!!
I have used these for my crafts as well as sewing.  I had to repair some Christmas ornaments and these held everything in place without damaging anything.
Using these clips allow me to work faster and it holds the fabric much better.  No chances to prick myself either.
"I think these clips are the greatest quilting innovation I've seen in a long time.  They hold the binding in place beautifully and I just zipped through hand sewing the binding on my most recent (HUGE) quilt.  There is a video you can find online by Clover that shows how to use the measurements on the clips to stitch in the ditch with precision when applying the binding.  I really didn't find that to be as easy as it looked in the video.  It was a ""compelling"" demo though.  For those of you who can master that, there are ruler increments on the clear side.

The bonus to the advantages I already mentioned is the fact that you will no longer be stabbed by pins while your trying to get that binding on.  YAY!!  That alone, for me, was a great reason to get the clips.

Buy them now!  You won't be sorry!"
"These are wonderful clips.  Great for quilting, holding pages together.  They do not poke holes into the great wondeful fabric that I use"
"When sewing a project that you cannot use pins for, this is the exact thing you need.  The clips held well, didn't leave marks in the pleather I was using and made my finished product look professional.  I liked the fact they were red as it made them easy to find/see and they were not so stiff that they were hard to use.  My biggest challenge with them was keeping them away from my children who suddenly were all superheros wearing capes!  Definitely a useful tool in the kit of the active sewer."
"These clips are great, no more getting poked by pins, so easily to handle, great for quilting and mending clothes also!!!"
"These clips are so helpful in holding quilting in place while you sew it down, just makes it much easier to do
free motion quilting..."
Just exactly as advertised. Great price for a great product.  The make sewing quilting binding so much easier - and safer.  No more snagging my hands and arms on sharp pins.  Love the clips and will be buying more for gifts for quilting friends.
"Great idea, saves you from pricking your fingers.
Saves time also.  .  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone that quilts."
These clips got four stars because they are so tight that it was hard for my hands to open them. Once on the binding they hold very well. You have to be careful not to sew over them.
These work so well.  I still use basting and clips some times but for the most part I use the wonderful little clips.  I like these very much for hand stitching my bindings.  I would recommend these for anyone who likes to hand stitch their bindings.
"These are great little clips - usefull for so many things.  I use them primarily to fit costumes on humans, LOL.  They don't stick anyone, and can gather quite a bit more material than a pin can handle.  Helpful to hold things on hangers, or just keep your notes together while working on crafts."
"These great little clips are perfect especially as an alternative to pinning bindings ( the only thing I've used them for so far). The amazon price is exceptional, too. I think I'll buy more as stocking stuffers for my girls."
"Very nice clips I love them and have been using them to pin projects together instead of using pins, I use them for stitch markers, I have even used them to clip the pattern in place to make it easier to look up and follow."
"I love these Wonder Clips and not just for my sewing projects! These are so strong and handy I find uses for them all over the home. I especially like them for their intended use in the sewing room as after years of sewing I was really tired of always getting stuck with the pins that held my projects together. I used lots of them to hold the edges of some fleece together for a blanket for our grandaughter, normal pins would disappear in the nap and I always ended up finding them when they would imbed themselves in my arm as I would fold the completed blanket up after I finished sewing it together, not so with the clips, you remove them as you come to them as you are sewing the seam. I also love that you are left with no pin holes in finer fabrics, I was finding that even the thinnest tiniest pins would leave holes in some of the finer fabrics, well no more, the clips go in the seam allowance and don't stab my arms as they make their way up to the presser foot of my machine.

The price for these on Amazon is fantastic! I had bought two of the ten packs at the store and paid more for those 20 clips than I did for this pack here and got more than twice as many in this pack, even using a coupon at the store Amazon was less expensive!"
I bought these clips for one purpose: to make Box pleats. But I find myself reaching for them all the time. Plus the price was way better than some of the notions stores out there.
I LOVE these clips! So worth the money. I am a professional seamstress and costumer and these save me tons of time. No more pinning binding for me! The clips are so much faster and neater. I can say that using them has actually improved the quality of my work.
"These are a great addition to my quilting supplies.  I already had a different kind of clip, but tried out a couple that I borrowed from a friend. I was hooked.  I use them for holding cut pieces for a quilt and that was a great help.  They are great for holding binding, too and I didn't catch my sewing thread on them like I do with the older clips I used to use."
"I can't believe how easy these Clover Wonder Clips work to secure the binding on any size item.  They attach easily and do not crimp the material they are holding.  They come off easily and store in the original plastic box.  Always ready to be used for the next binding project.  Besides, they are my favorite color and that makes them even more fun to use.  Now I can use my hair clips for my granddaughters hair as they are supposed to be used.  Great product!"
These are great to use in place of straight pins on bindings and other stitching along the edge. They ave a flat bottom which is needed for smooth stitching. They make a great stocking stuffer for quilters and the price on this site is excellent.
"These clips allow me to attach the binding by machine without having to use any fusible.  I first cut 2"" binding strips, fold in half and press, sew a scant quarter straight stitch from the back, press so the fabric is ready to be folded over the edge, and then start using these wonderful little clips about every five inches.  I then set my machine to a blanket stitch and follow the edge of the fabric along the straight stitch line.  The clips make all the difference in being able to attach the binding by machine."
"Love these clips!  They hold the binding well, and I am not stabbind my fingers with pins!  Great product!  Love the red color that is easy to find."
The Clover wonder clips are a great tool to have on hand for quilting.  I am currently using them to hold binding in place that I am stitching down around a quilt.  The thread does not get caught and pulled on by the clips.  I can turn the binding in place on the corners and hold them in place with the clips and have perfect corners every time.
These clips are a great way to keep binding in place while sewing it to a quilt.  No more pin sticks that hurt and could add a drop of blood to that quilt you just spent untold hours on.
"I love the wonder clips! I do not have to worry about pins coming out, or sticking myself while binding my quilts. The clips are easier to use than pins too as there is no distortion in the fabric. I gave some to a friend and she feels the same way. I can now sit and bind my quilts while watching my grandchildren without worrying about little fingers taking my pins out or getting hurt. Love these clips!"
I had previously purchased a 10 pack of these at a quilting show and found them really great so looked to purchase another pack but found this 50 pack and they have proved themselves as being wonder clips in holding the edges of your quilt together and also your binding.  I don't get scratched and pricked with pins like previously.
I had seen these clips at my local quilt shop and they cost almost $50 for this size box.  I decided to see if Amazon had them and here is the same size box for a fraction of the cost.  I will definitely be using Amazon a lot more for my purchases.  Thanks so much for offering quality products at affordable prices.
I love these clips. I only use these now for my quilting. I also use them for hemming garments. I have recommend them to all my quilting friends.
These Clover clips are great little items.  They are strong and hold the layers of fabric together.  Some fabrics can't take pins like PUL and the clips are just the right thing to use.
"so much better than pins. My local store didn't carry these (odd?) but I took a chance and LOVE them. Tired of getting poked with pins. So easy. I just replaced the zipper on my daughter's skirt and happy to use these. The box they come in isn't user friendly, but I cleaned a short,fat, round jar (had coconut oil in it) and used that. Very handy. I may never use 50 at one time but I would say get 50, you never know."
"Make no mistake, these were designed for quilters. I've seen a moderately negative review posted here by a person who garment sews. Ok, you might find a use for these somehow, someway in that area, but it's not designed for that purpose, so if you garment sew and buy these clips, you aren't going to enjoy all the benefits of them that we quilters do. So think before you buy.

Having said that, these are fabulous for quilters! They hold tight and make getting stuck by pins while hand sewing a binding a thing of the past. An added bonus is that they are safe around my pets, unlike pins. And I love that here on Amazon they're half the price you'd pay at online quilt shops or  at your LQS. I highly recommend them and I guarantee that by using a little imagination, you'll find many uses for them beyond binding."
"Reading all the reviews I figured these clips would be a lifesaver. Well, I guess I was wrong. Here's my take on them:

Pros

- you can't stick yourself with a needle
- they have markings for seam allowances

Cons

- they are bulky
- they take up a lot of space when stored
- you cannot sew over them as you can with pins if you place them perpendicular to your seam
- they are a pain to take off close to your presser foot

Oh, did I mention you cannot sew over them? Right. Seriously, I don't understand the hype around these things.
Even at half price off they are way overpriced compared to regular sewing pins. You can get 100 pins of varying lengths, ballpoint, etc. for $5 easily. These cost 3 times as much when half-price off and don't get the job done as precisely as pins.

I sew a lot with stretch and PUL fabric and they are worthless in that area. Plus, if you sew clothes or other items you usually mark your seamline anyway or you use the gauge on the maching; so there really is no need for the seam markings on the clips.
Perhaps they are more useful than pins for quilters or people sewing with multiple thick layers, but for clothesmaking they certainly are not.

***UPDATE 09/25

Based on the comments on my review, it seems that I have hit a sensitive spot by even bringing up the fact that one could possibly sew over pins. Admittedly, I sometimes sew over pins, perpendicular to the seam-very slowly and with a larger stitch length. Is it the preferred course of action-no, but certain types of fabric do require it from time to time. (However, I certainly do not sew over pins with my serger.)
Regardless of one sews over perependicular pins or not, these clips are still way overpriced. Perhaps quilters are happy with them and  love them for their binding, nonethless, garment sewers who might use these only occassionally can get binder clips and get away much cheaper."
"When pins will damage the fabric (leather, vinyl, and waterproof nylon come immediately to mind) these little marvels will hold different pattern pieces together until sewn. together."
"Great price for 50 clips. Surprising how small they are, but just right to be unobtrusive, but bright, easy to see and use. See recent Sewing with Nancy videos with Nancy Zeiman using them when constructing purses and/or totes, especially on vinyl or holding binding in place.
And they hold fine fabrics as well as bulkier fabrics with no distortion or snagging as with pins."
"I love to quilt but must be by machine, the whole process. Though my binding was always atrocious these little clips seriously ~ Seriously ~ helped to match the binding stitching immensely! No more wonky stitching on the back!!"
I have done a lot of pricing around looking for what I need.  I have seen these clips on many sites but NEVER have I seen them for this price!  The product is also great.  But why should I think that on Amazon the price wouldn't be great?  It sure seems like most things are priced great on Amazon.  The makers of the clips should feel great about themselves as this product holds up to a lot of use and abuse!  I would order more anytime.
"These little clips are really strong.  I use them to hold down quilt binding while I'm hand sewing and wow, do they hold better than pins and don't stick me!  They are also great for clipping a note onto a calendar, on your lanyard and just about anything else that needs a little clip."
I am delighted I bought these on the suggestion from a friend. I have found so many uses for them.
I have used these Wonder Clips on my quilt projects and I really do love them.  No more hurtful pin pricks!
"I just received my clips today and I must say they are the best little invention since sliced bread. As others have pointed out there is no more pin pricked fingers. These make my sewing projects so much faster and they are extremely easy to use. My only regret is that I only ordered the 50 but I'll be ordering 50 more. Gee, do they come in packs of 100??? I'm off to find out."
"I have used this product before from my local quilt shop.
I saw these on sale here and what a great price so I hopped on it.
I love this great invention replacing my old way of securing with pins.
No more pin picked fingers. :)
Thanks"
I used the Wonder Clips for the first time yesterday and I wished I would have ordered 2 packages of them.  I have tried other clips in the past but these clips work far better and grip the fabric so there is no movement.  These are well worth the money and I will be ordering more.  Love them
"I am ""converted""!  I love them.  No more pins sticking me, no more blood on the fabric!  No broken needles from sewing over them.  Perfect for sewing the binding on my quilts.  Happy I went for the 50 pack.  I am going to try them on my next knitting project too.  Oh, and they are easy to find if you drop on on the carpet."
I have found so many uses for these clips around my sewing room.  They seem to be strong and sturdy.  Clover has come out with another great product.
"These are great little sewing aids.  I'm currently using them while making rag quilts and it saves so much time by clipping the ""sandwiches"" together instead of pinning them (and no more pin-stuck fingers).  I'll give them another week to be sure they don't start to fall apart, and then order another box.

UPDATE  I've been using these steadily for a month and they are fabulous - am ordering another box of 50."
"I have been looking everywhere to purchase these clips at a reasonable price. I love the design, its pin-free so when I'm sewing on a binding and have the quilt all bunched up on my lap, I need only worry about pricking myself on the needle. The clips are really strong and I like the design being flat on one side so I can use them on the machine too. They come in a nifty little see thru box too, which is a bonus. I am very pleased with the Wonder clips and I was very happy with the speed of the postage too."
"Yep, they are as good as they say!  I love them!  They are so tiny yet so versatile!  I am glad I got the 50 pack too!"
I ordered these Wonder clips from Amazon as a gift for my daughter for her birthday.  She quilts and often sticks herself when pinning a quilt border. I thought these might stop the pin pricks.  She called me immediately upon receiving them to say she had opened them and was already using them on a project.  She stated that they were sturdy and held the fabric together well.  She loved them and wanted more.  I have ordered myself a box and plan to get her more.  They seem to have many uses for  quilters.
"The Clover clips are indeed a wonder, they are small but yet grip firmly. I specifically use them when binding quilts and making purses, but they have a myriad of uses. The markings on the clips aid in keeping an accurate seam. Although somewhat pricey they are worth every penny and I would highly recommend them to sewers and quilters."
"Absolutely MAH-velous !!!  Especially great for laminated fabric when making lunch bags, etc.  NO PIN HOLES !!!  Great for attaching quilt bindings.  Pins?????  Who uses pins anymore!  Don't waste time on the small package...get the large."
"Saw these on the Amazon website and was intrigued.  Since I had a Gift Card I added the package to my shopping cart while purchasing other items.  When the items I arrived, I happened to be in the process of altering the hems on 4 pairs of jeans.  I experimented with the first pair of jeans.  They worked great, held the temporary hem securely while moving around the free-arm of my Janome sewing machine as I stitched.  Easy to remove as the needle approached the clip.  I had all the jeans altered in no time.  Best part - no more pricked fingers from straight pins rotating around the free-arm!!!  I know these will work well with quilt binding as well.  I may be ordering a few more packages so I have enough on hand for various projects."
"I had purchased these for holding thick seams on purses and bags, but they have so many more uses. Recently the hem pulled out of my bed comforter. I started to use pins when hand sewing it, and, as usual, was sticking myself right and left. Then I thought of these gems! They held the gem with total precision, and I was able to finish without further pain!"
"These have to be one of most useful little additions to my ever expanding craft supplies, I was always searching for paper clips, & even used pegs, these are just so handy, almost like an extra set of hands."
I love using this product. Best thing to replace pins. Great price and well made. If you sew or quilt it's a must have.
"Although they're small, they're very well made, and very thoughtfully designed. They have a ""landmark"" on them and with one side clear, you can see that your fabrics (or papers, as I use them for office work and crafts!) are lined up properly. They have a little slot in the handle part where you squeeze and I use that to hang on small headless nails while they're holding a bunch of papers clipped together. Love these, I'll be ordering more!"
These are the most wonderful little wonder clips. Anyone who sews can certainly appricate them. Use them instead of pins in many cases. These are also very useful in scrapebooking. they are easy to use. I use them whem binding my quilts if I see a place that needs special attention for any reason I just flip it over and use the opposite side to mark it. Since they have each side a different color. Then I can find that area later. Amazon had the best price I could find anywhere. Thanks Amazon.
These clips are great when piecing borders instead of pins and no blood on you handiwork. Haven't tried them for holding binding in place but i think they will be great for that too.
"These clips are everything they say they are. Easy to use, sturdy, convenient. I bought 100 and I plan to buy more because they work and function so well. I recommend these to anyone considering purchasing them. You won't be sorry."
"I absolutely love this product - the problem is that you can never have enough of these.  This happened to be a great find for me.  I use these clips to hand sew the binding on quilts.  So much easier than pinning them.  I received this product in its original packaging and in a timely manner consistent with Amazons ""Prime Shipping"".  Thanks again Amazon for bringing great buys on my favorite items!"
"These are simply the BEST! Hold binding, clips to the top of my design wall to hold UFO's that I need to look at a little while, marks quarter and half inch seam lines, dropped on the floor? You can find it! I bought the 50 pak and I am ordering another, they also hold a pattern sheet open on the wall out of the way, clip appliques together so everything is in one place when you next need it...I cannot say enough good about this product, BUY THEM, you will NOT be sorry. And, the cats love to dig them out of the tray and bat them around and I can still find them, Yaaay for this product."
"Yup the people that came up with the name had it right.  These little clips are a definite ""wonder"" is making piecing my purses together easier and I am sure will make binding my quilts a lot faster as clips are so much easier and safer than pins, to me it means no more worrying if I dropped a pin and might step on it... 2 thumbs up!!!"
The Clover Wonder Clips come in handy when sewing down the binding on a quilt.  Just the right size and pressure.
"These are marvelous for quilting.  My borders are so much better than before.  Also, this is an extremely good price for the clips."
"Love, love, love! When I first saw these clips I was a bit skeptical but all the reviews I read were nothing but good. So i gave them a try and I am so happy I did. No more looking for pins in the carpet! And what a great price buying from amazon. Highly recommend if you are serious about sewing."
"I went back and forth on these because I thought the price tag was a little much for clips, but these are great! Much easier on bigger projects instead of pins. I highly recommend. I wish they had bigger packs."
These clips are totally awesome. I made a satin pillow and didn't want to use pins. I was afraid that it would make a run. I used the clips instead it worked great. I also use them for machine embroidery to hold the fabric in place on the hoop. These clips are a must have.
These clips are wonderful. I was very happy to see that I could get such a large amount for a great price.
"I bought this because of the large number of 5 star ratings.  Figured I would find something to complain about.  Well, I did.  I use them so much that I managed to lose one already!

I bought these for English paper piecing and they are great.

11/7/12
Just ordered another box.  I saw someone using them for binding clips on a quilt and I can't wait to try them.  I had to buy more since my first order is tied up with English paper piecing.

The clips are plastic, so won't leave paint or rust if you leave them with your project.  The clippy end has one side that is flat and one side that has a ledge for gripping.  I'm probably not explaining that well, but can't think of better wording.  The point is, there is usually a best side to have up (or down) on a given project.  Getting max satisfaction probably depends on making sure that you are using the right side."
"Lisa Lam's book, "" A Bag For All Reasons"", suggested the use of these clips.
I was buying something else on Amazon so threw these in to the order, free shipping, you know!

I have sewn a few times since receiving the clips and have found them to be quite useful!

While sewing a zip pouch for my Etsy shop, Stitchuation, I found the clips easier to use than pins to keep the lining, zipper, and exterior clamped tidily together before and while sewing it all together.

Also while keeping bag handles in place before sewing, the clips were much better than pins.

I am quite a fan of these clips and thank Lisa Lam for letting me know about them!"
A great idea that will save me plenty of time and effort in the future! The products arrived within an acceptable time frame and were exactly what I was expecting.
These clips are gorgeous. So proud to own them and will use in numerous ways. Clever Clover Clips I call them.
These were recommended by a quilting friend.  I've been using them when turning quilt bindings and hand sewing in place of pins.  They are so easy to use and can be repositioned very easily.
"Wonder Clips have so many uses in my home.  They hold items steady while measuring, cutting, or many tasks requiring secure holding power."
"Works great as I expected, small but very tight, perfect for thick edges! and the price is much cheaper than the clover website."
My wife tells me that these little clamps will be far better than using pins and needles for quilt making and sewing in general.
"Good Afternoon,

I was able to test them for my local quilt store.  They are AWESOME!!!  They work great for quilt binding, holding zippers in place and any other uses that you can think of.  I ordered one pack for another website, but I ordered 3 packages from Amazon.com.  I can't wait for them to arrive.

Debra M. Connis"
"These are great clip over using pins,they hold your fabric in place and are a lot quicker then pinning they also don't pucker the fabric. High quality"
These clips are fantasitic for binding quilts. I have tried a few other methods and these work best. I need to buy more!
"A time and wrist saver. It measures both quarter inch and half inch increments, a useful tool if you need a quick hem on something like a napkin or on larger projects such as the binding on a quilt.  One side flat so as you sew the fabric glides smoothly towards the needle. in some cases I find this better than pins."
"This is one of the best sewing notions I've seen! I use these for every sewing project. I made an iPad case and these made attaching the binding amazingly easy. I use these now instead of pins on almost everything. They are so easy to attach and remove and don't distort the fabric in any way. I bought the set of 50 and am so glad I did. I almost bought the 10 pack just to test them out first but am so glad I didn't. I would have immediately gone back and purchased the 50 pack. I may purchase a 2nd 50 pack for bigger projects.

You won't regret this purchase!"
"Wonder Clips  may be small but they are big on usefulness. Clip quilt block fabrics together, hold binding in place, clip swatches together. Do yourself a favor and buy the large pack, you will find uses for them."
I wanted these clips after reading on a forum that they can be used to hold quilts to the bottom embroidery hoop on embroidery machines.  The interior hoop is not used.  I am thrilled. This saves stabilizer and makes machine quilting with embroidery designs an absolute breeze.
"These clips are very cool!  No pin marks, verstile and strong.  I can seeing them for other uses besides fabric.  I haven't used them much yet but am looking forward to exploring the possibilites!"
"These clips are great! They do not distort or warp the fabric as pins do; they can hold several layers of fabric and material, easy to use! I used them while making a fleece vest - perfect: holding 4 layers of stubborn fleece together as if it's nothing. Such an improvement. And the measure markings are perfect for binding and other tricky seams - wherever the end of the clip is on one side, that's where it is on the other side; no more hit and miss when you stitch in the ditch."
I bought the 50 pack and I will order more.  I machine sew my binding and these clips make it so easy. None of them came loose or moved.
"These little clips are awesome for holding down quilt bindings! I am so glad I bought 50, because I always use every single one. They are sturdy and hold in place very well. Great product!"
"These are the best.  Holds without distorting fabric as pins do. Perfect for sewing handles/straps for bags and purses. Made a purse yesterday and not one drop of blood on the finished product. For anyone who uses pins, you know what I am talking about. Easy to attach and remove as you sew along. Wish I had found long ago.
Not enough words or space to sing their praises. Just get some and see for yourself!"
"I ordered the Clover Wonder Clips after a recommendation from a quilt teacher. What a great notion! It turns out that I have discovered a lot more uses than I had imagined.

Many thanks to the great vendor who got it to me before expected!"
"Product as described, arrived quickly, great service. Stongly recommend. Use to attach binding on quilts so you don't get poked with pins."
"Recently, I discovered the little red clips called Wonder Clips by Clover.  They are excellent for holding down the binding to the quilt top during the handsewing part.  They grip well and can be used to keep curved seams in place during the piecing process and so on.  I have used them in place of straight pins when several layers of fabric were involved for a small project.  The delivery was very prompt and in fact arrived earlier than the promised delivery period.  The well wrapped package arrived in excellent condition.  Hint: the package of 50 clips (as compared to packages of 10) may seem a lot, but I have used every one of them on my quilts.  Great product and great service."
"Love these clips!  Had been using hair clips, but these are easy to use with one hand, and they hold well.  They're perfect for binding."
These work and are a staple for any sewer.
I like these to hold my project in place. Handy little clips. Strong and made sturdy.
They stay put!!!!
Best invention ever!  Perfect for hand sewing binding on a quilt.  Saves a lot of pin pricks!
"These are as good as they claim. They hold like crazy, and don't slip off when you move the fabric. They don't leave holes in the fabric either. It saves time and effort where pins fall out or stick you, these don't.  I gave some to a skeptical sister and now she loves them too."
Perfect size.
These little gadgets work way better than pins for holding quilt bindings in place for hand sewing.
"I am new to Wonder clips, but I love using these in lieu of straight pins.  They work great!"
Great product!  Much easier than using pins!
"Good quality/size for my purpose, which was holding quilt binding in place until stitching. Nice to have a handy container to store them in!"
