"I'm a big fan of the Prismacolor Colored Pencils and this sharpener is a great addition to my set.  It looks and functions great.  So far it hasn't broken any of my pencils, even the softest crimson red pencil that breaks all the time, like other sharpeners do at times when sharpening to a fine point.  I would recommend to anyone."
"I wish I could give this little gadget a full five stars, but the lid is a problem for me. The lid is molded with the body and connected only by a thin piece of already strained plastic. I've had the sharpener for just a short time but I can tell that the lid is going to break off soon. A better design is used by the Staedtler sharpener which employs hinges. You may think I'm being overly picky but this is an expensive pencil sharpener. The Staedtler will last longer and costs less.

Still, this does a good job of sharpening drawing pencils. It just seems a bit contrary to manufacture such a robust, sturdy product and attach the lid by such primitive means."
"I read the reviews on this item and was somewhat worried about the quality and how well the sharpener would work on my non-prismacolor graphite pencils I use for drawing. However, I can't be more happy. I took the sharpener out and tested each of my pencils. The sharpener works just like it should, leaving a clean edges along the graphite. I also used this on just regular ""cheap"" pencils and continued to sharpen those pencils without any problems. This is the best pencil sharpener I have ever bought, glad I made the purchase."
"I have uploaded some photos of the poor shape in which the sharpener arrived.  It came in a tyvek envelope smudged in grease.  The cardboard parts of the sharpener's box were bent, but the sharpener itself was OK.  This was such a turnoff.  The sharpener works well, although sometimes I wonder if a regular metal sharpener is not the simplest thing to use."
"I bought this sharpener to sharpen my Prismacolor Verithins and Premier Colored Pencils. I used it for the initial sharpening of the Verithins, and it performed exactly as it should. Brought every pencil to a perfect point, and only took one try every time. Note: that does have to do with the pencil quality, also. If the lead inside the pencil breaks, it won't matter what sharpener you use, it will constantly break and fall out (depending, of course, on how broken the lead is inside).

Doing the initial sharpening, the canister had to be emptied about every 7 to 9 pencils. It's not a big deal, though, really, and subsequent maintenance sharpening would not fill it for quite some time.

I'm happy. Examining it when it first arrived, I was impressed by the quality of the blades. You will love it if you're looking for a sharpener that won't destroy your nice, expensive pencils."
"This product arrived quickly, works as described, and is much easier on Prismacolor leads than other sharpeners.  If you use Prismacolor soft core pencils, pick one up."
Does what it's supposed to.
I needed this for my pencils
"Great sharpener, love the 2 shape options"
Love it after i got the top off to empty it lol..
"I love this little sharpener for my colored pencils. sharpens really well and glides, not rigid sharpening."
It works well on both regular pencils and color pencils. Serves its purpose well.
"Works great for prismacolor. I would recommend this sharpener if you're using their pencils. Works on other pencils as well, but best with prisms."
Works as expected
Best sharpener ever! Just wish it were more rectangular because its hard to fit this thing in a case.
Good quality
I do like the sharpener and I would have given it five stars but the only bad thing about it is the lid. Because you have to open it every time you use it the lid breaks off after a few use. Don't get me wrong it is a good sharpener. I like that it has two different slots to sharpen pencil. I also like that it's like a little waste basket so only wish the lid was constructed better.
"I purchased 2 of these sharpeners because I really like them, However the two I just purchased were defective. I never could get the lids off of either sharpener to empty. I had to throw away.  "
"No matter the quality of the pencils, sharpening is a crapshoot, sometimes resulting in disappointing splintering and lost chunks of lead.  This sharpener is fierce, and is more likely to do the trick correctly than others Ive used."
As expected
Ive had many pencil sharpeners over the years for my art and this is probably the best.
I trust anything prismacolor so I bought this for my sister for Christmas
Great pencil sharpener. Works well fast and with very kettle effort..
"I use a lot of different color pencils when I jot down FBDs for my engineering classes. This helps me identify forces, different planes and so forth.  I was using a sharpener I purchased from a box retailer and it kept cracking the lead. Finally I did some research and came across this. It is magical. I get the point I need and i don't have to apply unnecessary torque. Worth the buy."
As advertised.
Gift for my wife.  She loves it.
Best sharpener.
"I find Prismacolor pencils don't woek well with regular sharpeners.  That's why this is the recommended one., and for a good reason.  It works better than any others I've tried which tend to eat the Prismacolors."
"Honestly, I like the Bullet better,&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Alvin-9866-Brass-Bullet-Sharpener/dp/B001BYK7LQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Alvin 9866 Brass Bullet Sharpener</a><a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Mobius-Ruppert-M-R-Brass-Artists-Pencil-Sharpener-choose-from-4-shapes-Made-in-Germany-finest-in-the-world-604-Bullet-Grenade/dp/B01BRFCI4C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Mobius + Ruppert (M+R) Brass Artists Pencil Sharpener - choose from 4 shapes! Made in Germany - finest in the world! (604 - Bullet/Grenade)</a>
but I do like this sharpener too. It is made specifically for Prismacolor softcore colored pencils and is very gentile on them. I just like the longer slope of the Bullet better so that the tip seems to stay sharper longer as I color."
trs bien
Wonderful sharpener for Prismacolor pencils. Prismacolor pencils and expensive and I was searching for a good sharpener for those. This one is perfect for what I needed.
Keeps my pencils nice and sharp for a good while in art making until the pencils next sharpening.
Great manual sharpener and I have a bunch from which to judge.
Broke with first is
This can sharper a finger
Great
As expected
I see why these are not cheap. They are made very nice quality! Really cool sharpener actually and I'm happy with this purchase also this is the CHRAPEST I've found for the price of these normally go for on other sites. A great friend gave me some of the markers and I won a bid on eBay for such an awesome price for these new just open box ! Of 72 pack of prismacolor color pencils for 26 dollars
"works good but hard to get apart to dump the shavings. Seems like little lid will break off, but that will not efect the way it works"
"This is made in China, but it works fine. The top might break off at some point, but for now it's a good cover. I had a problem with the first one I bought, as it was taking a chunk out of my pencils. I contacted the company, and they sent me a replacement one. This time it works nicely. The blades are made in Germany, which is nice. I use them with the pencils that it is made for."
This is a great sharpener.
This is my preferred sharper for my colored pencils.
"This is great 2 sizes to sharpen, easy clean and no breakage of pencils while sharping"
Mysteriously misplaced my other prismacolor sharpener. So I ordered this one. It came quickly and sharpens my prismacolor pencils like a champ!
Good product
Great buy.
"These are the best sharpeners for prisma colored pencils! Other sharpeners chew up the pencil, however these give a great clean sharpened point each and every time."
Really good review!
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prismacolor-Premier-Pencil-Sharpener/dp/B004ZDL0K2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener</a>
The best sharpener for my Prismacolor Premier colored pencils. Other sharpeners break the led but this one just works wonderfully."
"Excellent sharpener, especially for the Prismcolor Pencils (which I love, buy the way).  Two choices; wider sharpening hole for large areas & shading...and a smaller one for intricate details."
Nice
The BEST pencil sharpener I have ever owned and will ever own...it's very sturdy! I love the dual sharpening availability! I'm ordering another just to have on hand! I will never use another pencil sharpener for my professional artist pencils again (that includes a really nice electric one!)
sharpens soft pencils well too!
"If you want a consistent, non-tip eating shapener  this is for you.
I could not be more pleased for such a good price!"
"This is a perfect sharper for color pencils. Other sharpers were ruining my Prismacolor pencils ,but this sharpener makes 2 different types of perfect points. The 2 pack is perfect;, one for home and one to take on outdoor drawing adventure."
Works as stated.
Great pencil sharpener that is big enough that you don't have to empty it so often as the smaller ones.
Works great. I like like having two point shapes
"This sharpens very well, however,  it is difficult to empty it - the configuration of the cover/top is strange. If they could redesign that, I would buy more."
Good product
The sharpener is nice but it was cracked when I got it.
"I've had two of these break within weeks of purchase. And I wouldn't think that a Prismacolor sharpener would chew up Prismacolor pencils, but it does."
"This sharpener is by far the best sharpener I've ever used. It is very efficient and you have 2 choices for the tip shape. The best thing about it is that it does not eat your pencil. I bought this to sharpen my new set of 72 Prismacolor Colored Pencils. Since they came pre sharpened, I tried it out on some older pencils and then sharpened all the pencils in the house!"
It sharpens pencils crooked. Save your money.
Best sharpener I've ever used. Buy this. You won't regret it.
The plastic seems cheap and is poorly designed.  The sharpening blades are decent.
Works fine.
great quality excellent
great product  would buy again
Works well
good
I would not purchase this product again. I put in my bag and the top came off. Twice! I had pieces of pencil everywhere. Don't buy this.
I wish the design was a bit different. My cat keeps knocking it off the table and cracking the tube more and more
Best pencil sharpener EVER!!
"As expected, this Prismacolor sharpener works great most of the time. I had some breaks in the wood in some of my colored pencils on the thinner hole side but otherwise, the other side works percect. I am so happy I finally found a sharpener that works and won't ruin my pencils!

Note: works the best when tilted to the side!"
The only pencil sharpener you should own. This is fantastic. I have had nothing but good use with it. No pencils breaking or splitting. Does a very good job for a very reasonable price
This is seriously the BEST sharpener I have ever used with my color pencils! I love it! I love the two options for sharpening and the design is genius!
"I have been searching for the perfect sharpener to use with all of my pencils that is not ripping them up when using, although it did take me a minute how to figure out how to open it to dump the shavings...LOL! But I figured it out. I want to buy another one to pack in my other bags of art gear,!"
Keeps my prismacolors sharp
I love the two-sided pencil tip choice. Works with regular and colored pencils.
I expected better for prismacolor. The design is awkard so if a pencil does happen to jam (which they did) it's a huge pain to get the remnants out of the shaver.
Works great!
I wish i would have had this when i was in school.  It is small enough to fit almost anywhere.
My artist daughter loves this sharpener. She says it is the best she has ever used (only 15yo). They work well with the colored pencils (Prismacolor) and other varieties. Great shipping.
Best sharpener
ok
This sharpener fits in my hand nicely.
"This sharpener is high class all around, it has not once broken any of my pencils and it produces lovely, smooth and very impressive sharp points. I use it with all my colored pencils , cheap and expensive alike. I highly recommend it to anyone who is tired of their pencils being demolished and wasted by crappy sharpeners."
How do I get it to stay closed? it pops open every time I pick it up and certainly can't keep any of the shavings within it.
I'm just as happy with a $2 pencil sharpener.
"its small, but cant work without it, its wonderful!"
Granddaughter liked it
I have been using this sharpener for a while now and I must say it does not do a good job at all.  Very disappointed that there is no sharp point in either hole.  I keep it clean but that does not work.  The lid keeps coming off and spilling out the shavings.  I can honestly say there are no good points to this sharpener.
No problems noted
"I read the reviews after I bought this sharpener. I think the sharpener part works well but it does not make up for how hard it is to open the thing to dump the shavings. I watched the YouTube videos that made it look easy but did not have the same experience. Thinking it was just new and would loosen up, I kept trying and got it off three times but each time the lid shot across the counter. Then it got stuck and wouldnt budge. I used needle nose pliers to lift out the sharpener end. Then I smeared a little bit of Vaseline around the rim on the lid and the body of the sharpener.  Closed it up and tried again. Much easier. If you get one of the sharpeners thats hard to open, try the pliers and Vaseline. One shouldnt have to though. I will not purchase this again."
"Perfect for my needs, big enough to collect the shavings, small enough to take on the road. Good service and price."
Love it.. works great
Best pencil sharpener I've used to date. Gets the points very pointy and feels solid.
it' OK
"It works, but the lid keeps lifting off every time I try to open the cap in order to sharpen my pencils. It gets annoying."
The perfect sharpener for those soft colored pencils! Even has options for both long & short points!  Easy to empty and has an attached lid that doesn't get lost and snaps on easily so the messies don't escape.
"Love the dual openings, as I like a more blunt sharpened pencil.  Still haven't figured out how to empty it yet..."
"Super-sharp, easy to use and empty, holds quite a bit of shavings.
I bought these to use with colored pencils, and it works perfectly."
Great color pencil sharper.
Great pencil sharpener. Works great. Great price
I love this sharpener.  It has a very smooth action and always makes a perfect point.  The option for regular or very sharp point is a GREAT feature.
Good price and easy to use. Fast delivery
It arrived on time and in good condition. It is a very solid and good sharpener. I am very happy.
Nice and cheap
best pencil sharpener I have used so far
Cheap sharpener! I was shocked that this sharpener was such a low quality when the Prismacolor pencils are such a great quality. Very disappointed in this product!!
great item
The sharpener works great except I can't figure out how to empty it. No directions.
The is the best non-electrical pencil sharpener I have found.  Worth the money!
Given as a gift.  So far they like it.
Wgreat pencil sharpener BUT how does one empty it?
Inexpensive and gets the job done. Been using it for a month and it hasn't broken any pencils yet.
"Although this sharper is more expensive than the original green prismacolor pencil sharpner, it is well worth the extra cost. I have both sharpners. This sharpner allows a much finer less wasteful sharpening of all my colored pencils, prismacolor and other brands as well. It comes with two holes for sharpning a very fine point or a more blunt tip. After purchasing this product I no longer use my other sharpners at all.
If you are like myself and have invested much into colored pencils and wish them to last as long as possible, then don't waste your money on  poor sharpners.in my experience they have only wasted or ruined many of my  pencils."
Great product
Love this sharpener. It really is the best for the Prismacolor pencils. I used regular ones and all they did was break my pencils. Sad.
Worked well
"Nice little pencil sharpener, hasn't let me down."
"I bought this item thinking it would be a nice quality since it carries the Prismacolor name.  After the first empty, the top pops off EVERY time I open the lid.  It's extremely frustrating to have shavings spill out every time I open the lid."
Best little sharpener I've ever had!!
This is my third attempt to find a sharpener for my Prisma colored pencils.  THIS ONE is the ONLY one to buy....perfect choice of point preference & does not chew up my pencils!  Had a bit of a challenge figuring out how to open the lid to empty shavings but finally got it. Great choice
It works as advertised. No complaints.
Bought this with the Prismacolor Colored Pencils for my Mom.
"This product did not work nearly as well as I had expected from the brand. Using Prismacolor colored pencils upon receiving this, almost all have broken or become brittle in some way. Too bad I ripped up the box or I would return it. Any other manual pencil sharpener would work just fine; this is awful."
this item is essential for sharpening prismacolour pencils and it gives a very clean finish the blades are very sharp and give two different settings one long point and one a smaller point. The process is clean and you can hear the blade making a clean shave around the pencil point. If you are buying the pencils you should buy the sharpener.
Threw in the trash!
This is simply the best manual pencil sharpener I've ever used. Nuff said.
"I found it impossible to open the sharpener to empty out the pencil shavings. It must be a common problem, because I found some YouTube videos people had made explaining how they were able to open it, but their explanations didn't work for me."
The sharpener is nice but one of the key things advertised is the cover to keep the shavings from going all over. This cover is only held on by a very thin plastic which breaks after a few days. The cover will still stay but since its no longer connected to the sharpener I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars
not sharpening good
It works fine. Nothing special.
works well
nice sharpener for colorists
"Love it, thank you."
Nice. Seems to sharpen very nicely. I don't like the big logo cover on this though.
Finally I have sharp colored pencils. I could not be happier.
Nice shape if my pencils very nice.
Works better than my electric
I like it because it is light weight but I can't figure out how to empty it. Very frustrating.
Love
Great sharpener! Sharpens the pencils just perfect!!!
"This is the absolute best sharpener for soft colored pencils on the market.  I used to do oil pastels exclusively, but found I liked the look of colored pencil and have added that medium to my repertoire and am loving it, but I found it's imperative to keep the points sharp, even when blending colors.  Since a lot of the layering of color is crosshatching--at least the way I do it.  A friend who has worked in colored pencil told me about this sharpener and it's great.  It has two sharpening angles, and although it gets dull sooner than I'd like, it's not expensive to replace.  I never learned this stuff in art school--colored pencils weren't the done thing."
I really like this and am pleased with my purchase.
Great product
Is really nice.  Works better than any I have bought
"Great product! My only complaint was having to go online to look at a video and figure out how to empty the case. Suggest instructions be added to the packaging for how to open and empty shavings.  I was able to keep my pencils sharp, and I enjoy'd the 2 different possible sharpening options."
I love this sharpener. Works perfectly for my colored pencils with no mess. It may be a bit pricier than an average sharpener but it's worth the 'investment'. Would buy again.
Perfect pencil sharpener for  colored pencils.  Doesn't break them or shred the tip.
This is the best sharpener that I have ever had.  It is easy to use and I can take it with me when I travel.
"I only gave it a star, so I could write a review. When it arrived, it already had a broken piece but we glued it back on. However, there are no instructions with it, so it's a guessing game how to use it. The lid comes up so that you can sharpen your pencils but had no idea how to empty it. We finally figured it out but in the process, the lid came unglued, so had to glue that back on. I bought it because I use the prismacolor pencils  but I'm going  back to using the cheap sharpeners."
The best sharpener I have ever used. I am disabled and color a great deal. Just bought my 2nd one and will keep buying them. No breakage very easy for my arthritic hands.
ok
"This works for me very well. I have only used it with my Primacolor pencils (so I don't know if it works with other brands), but it does the job well for the Prisma ones. I love the product."
"Not overly impressed.  Pencil heads tend to break off in sharpener as stated in previous reviews.  A little difficult to remove lid to empty.  Blade itself is sharp enough and if pencil lead doesn't break off, sharpens well."
Does not work well on all pencils
The corners of the box/package were curled and bent a bit but the product itself is nice.
Excellent sharpener. Only a couple of turns and it's very sharpened.
Must have for quality pencils. Does not shred and destroy them. Perfect point's. Got a second for my mother.
I like to draw a lot and I don't like smudges on my paper when Im correcting my this works great I will order more
This works great on all pencil types.  Previous one's I'd purchased would always break the lead of pencils that were not of the best quality. This one sharpens them no problem.
Pencils would break not good
Works perfectly for my soft-lead drawing pencils.
It sharpens the colored pencils well but getting it open to empty is very difficult..l bought it a yr ago but just opened it yesterday. I have already snapped the top clear cover off that I don't think is supposed to come off...and have had to use a screwdriver to pop the blades out to empty it...it's pretty much junk now.
GOOD BUY.
:)
"I am disappointed because the sharpener came with the ""Prismacolor"" pencils  and it doesn't live up to the name. The pencils do not sharpen as well as I thought they would. You end up wasting most of the pencil in the sharpener. When I took the pencil out the point of the pencil is inside the sharpener or it ends up falling out of the pencil. I wasn't trying to get a pointy tip just that it would be even around the pencil for easy coloring and so I wouldn't have to sharpen the pencil too much.  Therefore I am careful as to how much to sharpen so that I don't leave it all in the sharpener. Plus there are two holes for the pencils one small and one a little larger neither one made me happy with this product."
For the price this is the best sharpener I've ever used. I still might long for the old Boston sharpener with a crank handle but this one....hmm...it might be even better.
Works great
These sharpeners actually work and work well.
<3 <3 <3
Very easy to use and it sharpens to a very sharp point. I have not had the problem of breaking leads while sharpening.
perfect point on pencils
Doesn't mangle my color pencils and contains the shavings nicely. Received on time.
"This sharpener does a good job sharpening, but the top tends to fall open easily. It has spilled out into the pocket of my tote on several occasions and made a mess. My granddaughter has one also and it has done the same thing to her. It has been a bit disappointing."
Received this sharpener to use on my Crayola color pencils. I was using color that my old sharpener had made uneven and very jagged. This sharpener smoothed all that out. Absolutely love this sharpener and will never use another kind.
Am a little disappointed in these sharpeners - they have two different shape options which is nice but the tops broke off when we first started using them.  I wouldn't buy these again.
love the fine point sharpener.
"I ordered this sharpener the first time over a year ago. Loved it! It sharpened smoothly with no breakage. Reordered this year because my old one was wearing out. When I received it it worked beautifully until it was time to empty it. Then it fell apart. You couldn't open it at all to empty the shavings and the rim absolutely crumbled. For this price I expected better! Prismacolor, I expected better from you!"
I gave this sharpener as a gift to my son along with the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils. It is specifically made for use with these pencils & is a good accompaniment.
Sharpens all my pencils like a dream.
"These are fantastic pencil sharpeners. They don't ""eat"" my color pencils and graphite like electric sharpeners do. I like that it has two different sharpener holes with a little graphic to show you how it will shape your pencil if you use it. If you get a bit of lead stuck in them, it is tricky to fish out. Otherwise, they are great. I bought four for my high school art class, and I'd like to order at least four more."
"It's a great sharpener. However, I do wish it was easier to empty."
"When I first began adult coloring, I thought a pencil sharpener was just a pencil sharpener. Three sharpeners later and I realized how wrong I was. This Prismacolor sharpener is amazing! It gets my colored pencils to a beautifully sharp point WITHOUT CHEWING UP MOST OF MY PENCIL! It's wonderful! Just a few twists of the pencil and the tip is perfectly sharp. I especially like that it has two options for sharpening, the fat top (like how the Prismacolor pencils come out if the box) or the more narrow pencil tip. I highly recommend this if You're an avid colored pencil user."
"Great sharpener for ALL my color pencils. I like that it has 2 sizes for sharpening, with sharp blades, which makes for a good point that doesn't break! Nice that it has a lid too, to keep all the shavings intact, in one place, easy to open & dispose of the waste."
It's a sharpener. Not really much to say but it works well with my pencils.
work well to me
After you figure out how to open it the first time it great. Just feel dumb it took me so long to figure out.
Great quality sharpener!
"This sharperner is the best. It doesnt break of my pencils. I had a tough time, initially, figuring out how to open it to empty. Once I did, it was easy to open. Get it! You won't be disappointed. No more worrying about wasting my fancy pencils."
"The only issue I had with this sharpener was that I had to google how to open the darn thing. Once I saw a video I was all set. Seems like others have had trouble too, enough trouble that someone made a video for it! It works well on my colored pencils and I like the two different options."
My regular manual pencil sharpeners were devouring my new color pencils. then I saw this sharpener designed for my Prismacolor color pencils. It really works as it described. It makes to size points without removing too much pencil.
"Sharpens very good, comfortable grip but there are not instructions on how to empty the shavings on the actual package."
I love this pencil sharpener.  I have been using it for several months and it is the best.  It works on any brand that I have tried it on.
Sharpens exactly like I want it to!
"I was very hesitant to get this after seeing all the bad reviews on it, but I found out that it was actually a great product. It sharpens my pencils to a very sharp point despite what some people were saying, and as long as you don't use a ton of force, it is easy to find out how to open it to get the shavings out. Obviously if you use too much force trying to pry it open the wrong way it will crack because it is made of plastic, but that does not mean it is a low quality sharpener. It is awesome and I love it"
Like it.
Works well
"This sharpener was next to impossible to open and dump the shavings. The blades on the sharpener also appeared to be very dull it wouldn't sharpening my pencils without heavy breakage.
I broke the sharpener apart the first time I tried to open it and dump shavings  would not purchase again"
Very nice sharpener... has 2 different sizes and is very well made!
Trash. Garbage. Do not waste your money. It will swallow up every pencil it comes in contact with.
Quality sharpener- exactly what you would expect form Prisma!
"Amazing product.  It works really well, and I dropped it like three times and it is pretty durable.  It sharpens to a fine point, and very well.  I wish I had bought this ages ago!"
"works as intended, no mess"
Really love prisma but dislike this sharpener. Always breaks the lead and color pencil tips. Not sure why I might have gotten a defective one.
great!
"Best prismacolor sharpener.period.

Bought this after getting tired of broken leads with this one : https://www.amazon.com/review/create-review/ref=cm_cr_dp_d_wr_but_top?ie=UTF8&channel=glance-detail&asin=B0027A7EZK#.

Absolute pleasure to use this and it guarantees a sharp end. It is as easy as sharpening any pencil, as it should be."
How do you open it to empty filings?
Amazing! Finally a pencil sharpener that works!
Like this a lot but I don't really use it with the bottom attached. I like to see what I'm sharpening when I do it so I just hold the black bottom under the sharpener so I can see the blade but they bottom still catches the wood. Use this with prismacolor soft core pencils
"This is a nice pencil sharpener.  I have been using it for about 6 months now.
It does not eat up the pencil, it sharpens the pencil well."
"Pencil sharpener works well but unfortunately, once you open to empty it, it comes apart easily afterwards. I've had to clean out my nap sack several times because it opens by itself and spills sharpened residue in it despite the lid that covers the 2 sharper holes. Having a large and small sharpeners does come in very handy."
Fairly basic. It's a sharpener. Seems nice so far.
"I haven't broken a lead yet, in sharpening my Prism pencils...  that is a big thumbs up.  It was a bit tricky trying to open it to dump the shavings though."
Great little sharpener. Only use it on my colored pencils.
Good product!
Works great. Took a little while to learn how to use it. You have to twist the colored pencils and don't push in at all or else it will break them.
Works well
"Works great, but had to use a YouTube video to figure out how to open it."
Works well
"Very nice sharpener, two point types. My problem with it is that it is hard for me to open, old man hands, and there are no replacement blades. So far it has held up pretty well but after a few hundred sharpenings and cleanings it is beginning to get a bit duller.

My Pros:
Sharpens well with little effort
Heavy Plastic
Fancy looking yet inexpensive

My Cons:
Hard to open for me
No replacement blades
Started to get dull after a few hundred uses."
Thank you very much I released it today
This sharpener is DIVINE!! Works so much better than any other I have tried
Best sharpener i have ever had
"best pencil sharpener i have every purchased, it manages to sharpen my pencil to a perfect point and fast so it doesn't eat my pencils :)"
its ok
"This is a great sharpener. There are two hole sizes, with two kinds of points. Very easy to see, and use."
"bought this and returned it, it was damaged."
Makes a hirrible noise.
This thing wouldnt open and broke the first time I used it. Trash...
"<div id=""video-block-R1DWN03JCE5AID"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81%2Bd%2BXLpeoS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91M4mByzDBS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Works great for my colored pencils and watercolor pencils!  To open it just use your thumb to push the lid off. I open the top flap ( itll open anyway) and put my thumb on the little indent on the top and push firmly upward. It pops off with no issues."
Works great!
I love it. Loooooove it.
This works great on my prismacolor pencils and no more loosing it
Gives a very smooth sharpening experience with very little breakage. Doesn't take a lot of your pencil when you do sharpen.
I love this pencil sharpener its great for drawing on the go its a must have for aspiring artist as myself.
great product high quality love it
"Great little pencil sharpener, especially for on the go."
I bought this and so far every pencil I use has a strange ring like indent when using.
Great sharpener! Offers two shapes; a shorter and a longer type. Works well and holds the shavings inside for less mess.
"I love this sharpener more every day. Icve had it nearly 6 monthsb frequent usage & still sharpd hold enough so I can take small projects with me for wait times (doctors', car repairs, airport, etc).Easy to empty & clean. I will replace it with one just like it when it dulss. 3 thumbs up! (5 stars)"
Excellent sharpener for all our colored pencils. Love the dual holes.
"The blades on this are amazing. I love the two different points that the sharpener offers.
My only reason for deducting a star is because its a struggle to remove the top. It took me 5 minutes to open it. Ive had it for almost a month now. The blades are still sharp and the top is now easier to remove. I could see this being difficult for anyone with arthritis. A screw on option would be an improvement. I do recommend this based on how well it sharpens and the dual pencil point option."
"I've had others but I love this sharpener. The only downfall is it's a bit tricky and confusing to get the top off and it's easily cracked when trying to figure it out but it's holding up just fine now that I know how to remove it (pro-tip don't use the lid, you'll find the seem about 1/4 of an inch below the top, just push it there and it should pop right off ... and throw pencil shavings everywhere, but I think that's a rule when opening a pencil sharpener for the first time when full)"
"Works well. Is a pencil sharpener. Lit, but not lit AF."
Great product highly recommend
"Will never use another even of it ever breaks, this is my favorite sharpener by far."
AWESOME PRODUCT
"I purchased it as an add-on item with my prismacolor pencils, but I never received it in the mail. Ive had 1 of these before, and it is a great product lol"
"This is an inexpensive sharpener, made more inexpensive by being prime.  It does a great job of sharpening Prismacolor pencils (hint:  use a light hand.  Do not shove pencils down against the blade.  Put pencil in the correct hole).
However, how the hell do you get it open to empty the shavings compartment?  I was not able to figure it out on my own, and there are no detections on the packaging.  Are we supposed to use it until it is full, then throw it away?
*Updated* *Updated* *Updated*
Someone in another post told me how to open it.  It doesnt unscrew.  It pulls apart.  Doing this, I got one open, but not the other."
Good product
work perfect on prismacolor pencils.
"Great product
Great seller
Will repeat business
Thank you!"
Best sharpener for colored pencils. My regular sharpeners were tearing them up but this does a great job with all the different kinds I have. Easy to store and open.
If you use colored pencils this is the sharpener you need!!! Regular sharpener are made for graphite pencils and often break the wax in colored pencils!!
Not what it says as advertised. Doesn't sharpen colored pencils very well at all. They clog it up and it broke after only filling it twice. Wouldn't buy again
Smart and good for shine cuting
Works great
"The sharper is great, the pencil is well fit for drawing after sharpened. However it is a bit difficult to take apart it and remove scrap"
Excellent sharpener. Never fails to give me a nice tip.
"Didnt work very well with the Prisma coloured pencils! The pencils kept breaking when sharpening.
Bought myself an I orbit!
A lot better"
Sharpens pencils nicely without hacking them up and contains the shavings and lead so there is no mess. Great for sketching on the go.
Nice sharpener and stylish sharpener
As described
Excellent sharpener for lead and colored pencils - would highly recommend!
"These are great, but the bulkiest of them makes it hard for traveling...but I still love them. I have two!"
Very nice sharpener.  Gives a long sharp point or a short sharp point without eating up a lot of pencil.
awesome to have for Prismacolor pencils.
Works great!
It sharpens the colored pencils to a nice point without eating up a lot of the pencil. Love it.
"Love this sharpener. We'll designed, sharpens without breaking the tip."
"I thought  that with a prismacolor sharpener  it would sharpen very well prismacolor pencils, not, the tips breake."
Works good
"Excellent  sharpener.  It makes a perfect point on the Prismacolor Pencils, but not quite as good a point on other brand pencils. However, it is well worth having at hand for all your coloring projects.  I do love mine."
Gave this sharpener to my nephew. He really likes it!
"a good sharpener makes al the difference. This is super sharp and gives me no issue, as other sharpeners can cause the wood to break and splinter. I also love the fact it has the two tip options"
"Im not sure why this sharpener got such good reviews. Its too easy to break off a pencil point off in this sharpener, and if you do, its a pain to remove the broken point."
"I am really disappointed in this pencil sharpener. i bought this particular sharpener because I had a new set of Prismacolor colored pencils. Same brand, everything. But it's horrible. Regardless of which sharpener I use, it doesn't sharpen to a fine point. More than that, it harms the pencils, breaks the leads (which is particularly disappointing, because you can't buy all my favorite pencil colors separately). I've used other sharpeners which have worked a lot better (that came with a different pencil set), so I'm pretty sure the problem is with the sharpener, not the pencils. Don't buy this just because of the label ""Prismacolor""!"
"Not impresssed with sharpener or pencils,sorry."
HORRIBLE!!  Don't buy this sharpener.  This does not work well!!!
Great pencil sharpener just wish it was a bit bigger and easier to open but that's really just being picky
High quality product
Great sharpener!! Will buy again when blades gey dull.
"Great sharpener for colored pencils, because using an all around pencil sharper ruins the colored pencils by shaving too much off."
works great
"Picked this one after reading thru many reviews. Not sure I have the best as I haven't tried the others, but it gives me a perfect point after just a few turns. Have sharpened many pencils and it still works like new. Haven't broken a tip in or after using this sharpener. Doesn't hurt I'm using one of the best brands of both pencils and sharpener either. So far, I'm %100 a Prismacolor! Definitely worth the purchase!"
works well with pencils.
This was purchased as a gift and recipient loves it. They said it works great
"I was very hesitant to buy this pencil sharpener because of the price, but it is worth it! It sharpens any pencil so smoothly. It's amazing."
Works well but it broke a couple points of one pencil over and over.  Maybe the pencil is defective.  Great sharpener.....
It does what it needs to do.
This sharpener works very well for colored pencils since it has the two point options.  One concern is the lid on top: the hinge looks really flimsy and I feel i have to be really careful with it or it will break.
"Item arrived on time and undamaged. I've done a careful in depth comparison of a few handheld pencil sharpeners which include single and double hole silver with compartment for shavings and without,  a few different store  brands all with  compartments to hold shavings, Prismacolor oval sharpener, and this Prismacolor design. The breakdown is this:
1. While the single and double hole silver without shavings compartment are very sharp so you will have less breakage, they are quite small and a little hard to hold on to.
2. The store brand with single hole and shaving compartment albeit are nice to not have to be standing over a trash can, but not very sharp and there is more lead breakage.
3. The prismacolor oval is a nice design concept, but the plastic feels low grade and must have a larger hand to hold it steady to use due to it's length, resulting in more lead breakage. The shaving compartment does not hold very much.
4. This design is well designed and well constructed in all ways. The choice of being able to sharpen a more pointed length for harder lead cores and detail work is very nice. The option for a more shallow for better lack of term for softer cores is very nice as well. The flip top safety feature is wonderful. (No more accidental cuts on finger tips) The plastic used seems very sturdy and will hold up for a long.
Overall if you've been going thru countless handheld sharpeners trying to find the perfect one, this is it hands down. Well constructed and designed in all manners, and is offered at a fair price. Highly recommend.
( I have not received anything from the company or Amazon for this review. Am just a passionate artist who takes great care of her art implements.)"
Worth it's weight in gold.
awesome
"Terrible. Every time we used it, it broke the point off the pencil. Now we cant use it at all b/c the part that lifts off for emptying separated and got stuck. They shld stick to pencils & stop making sharpeners."
great product for the money
"Love these pencils and use the sharpener all the time. It is a bit tricky to figure out how to empty it at first, but it is sturdy and a nice shape."
Thanks
love this sharpener keeps shavings inside clear see through until you are ready to dump out
"Sharpens very well. Works as expected, arrived on time."
"If you're having problems with sharpening your pencils, try this sharpener.  I've had a few pencils that were so sharp the point broke off, but that happened rarely.  I never had a problem getting a sharp point.  Best I've ever tried."
The sharpener works very well with no side cutting. easy to grip too.
Kept breaking pencil tips
Will sharpen your colored pencils to your choice of two different sharpnesses.
"Loses a star because I had to youtube to open.

Works fine but dang...y'all gotta know folks are googling directions. Draw a diagram already.

Do not fold diagram and place in sharpener."
This is a really nice sharpener. Ive been using a random sharpener I got at an art supply store to sharpen my prismacolors and it broke every pencil almost every single time I tried to sharpen them. This prismacolor sharpener is so much better. Its gentle on the colored pencils and it doesnt take much force to sharpen a pencil to a nice point. This is the way to go!
"Bought for my artist friend. She loves it! I use it when I visit her to draw and paint in her studio. Sharpens well, doesn't ruin the pencils. I'd buy again to get one for myself."
Smart and good for shine cuting
Item works very well. Only downside is a little tricky taking apart to empty and the lid broke off first time it was used.
It definitely makes a difference what type of sharpener you use. Prismacolor pencils need to use this sharpener not just any sharpener. Buy it its worth it
"Yo this sharpener sucks lol
My prismacolor pencil points always broke in this and I almost never had a point that would break a few seconds after taking it out. It sucks. Get a different pencil sharpener if you value your prismacolor pencils.
The lid also broke the 2nd day I tried using it. Seriously, it sucks."
Works great!!
My wife loves her new sharpener. It keeps her Prismacolor Colored Pencils always sharp.
Great sharpener! Love it!
The perfect pencil sharpener for home!
I've had to go through a few sharpeners to find one I like but this one is the best I have found by far.  Love it!
works great
"Got a few points with my wife on this one as a regular pencil sharpener was eating them up and the choice of two styles of tips, even better."
"It's a pencil sharpener. It does the job. Of course, not all are created equal. This is a very good pencil sharpener. I use it with my Ticonderoga pencils and have great results."
My 11 year old loved the idea of being able to sharpen her pencils in whatever shape she preferred. Offered wide (as they come packaged) or pointed.
"Bought this for my daughter who is very passionate about her artwork. I thought it would be a great gift to have one that doesn't need electricity to operate even though I have come to prefer the milling type of sharpener.

While probably not unique, this is the first one I've come across that doesn't jam, shred, or break the point of the pencil as your sharpening. Absolutely recommend."
"Great stocking stuffer for art student! I have not used it, so I can't comment on that but it was well received and nicely packaged."
Poor quality product
Great sharper!
Given as gift
I have been using a mechanical sharpener and it keeps tearing up the colored pencils. This was just what I needed. Does not tear up pencils and easy to clean and use.
I only use prismas and my pencils always break after sharpening with this product. I use a different sharpener altogether. Would not recommend. Funny how it's meant for prismas but eats up your pencils.
Perfect
"I gave this as a gift, but when it was opened, it appeared that not enough adhesive was applied to the top with the cap and the part that has the sharpener. Because of that, it was quite hard to open the pencil sharpener to empty out the contents."
Works great for sharpening Prismacolor Soft Core pencils. Two sharpeners in one for a narrow or wide point. The shaving receptacle keeps work area tidy and it's very easy to open when you need to empty it.
Practical in use! Very cheap!
"Sharpens well, hard to empty without spilling."
"Terrible design. The top was glued on so that you cannot open it to remove the pencil shaving waste without breaking the brittle plastic.
Do not trust online review videos showing how easy it is to open. A simple traditional pencil sharpener is much better and doesn't cost nearly as much."
It sharpens really good. Doesn't shread the prismas.
I like that it has the 2 size options. It breaks the tips more often than I would like.
really like this sharpener
Awesome pencil sharpener so far.
"Its a pencil sharpener. Its a nice, manual pencil sharpener. I don't really use it as & have an even better electric pencil sharpener. But if & when I need a nice, manual pencil sharpener, Ill pull it out & sharpen my pencil..."
Exactly what was described and perfect sharpener.
"The long point side on mine is no longer usable, because one of the Prismacolor pencils broke inside, during sharpening. This sharpener does nothing to prevent breakage, neither the long nor the short sharpen. Since it is Prismacolor's brand, I would expect it to be manufactured to sharpen their pencils with little to minimum breakage."
"I bought it to go with my brand new set of Premiers thinking I wanted to treat my pencils with care and use what is best for them on them, it's a Prismacolor product so it should be good. I also had no other sharpener so I wanted to make sure what I spent my money on was worth it. Nope, it  Chews up all my pencils no matter what or how I do it. You can literally hear it breaking the pencil, not sharpening it. I have lost so much led off my Prismacolor Premier and Verithin attempting this one that I'm heart broken. It is the only sharpener I have and I still won't use it for my regular pencils."
"Good quality, like how the top snaps shut."
"The best pencil sharpener I have ever used.
Pros-
-Lots of pencil sizes
-Very clean
-Doesn't break your lead half the time you put it in and you're like ""gosh dangit i have to put it in again"" and then you snap it again and you're like ""I JUST WANT TO USE MY PENCIL"" but the universe is actually conspiring against you. show the universe that you're the boss and use this pencil sharpener
-looks pretty..

cons-
-not that convenient to put in your pencil case, but it's also not super big so shrug emoticon"
I only use these sharpeners! Good quality and very user friendly!
Perfect.
I actually love this little sharpener. Will need to see how long the blades last but I have found it works well with all my colored pencils and let's me choose the type of point I want. Remember to sharpen a graphite pencil every now and then too-it helps to lubricate the blades after colored pencil sharpening. Holds a decent amount of shavings.
Works well with my colored pencils.
It doesn't sharpen the pencil as sharp as other sharpeners
I have been using KUM sharpeners for awhile and replace my blades often.  I thought I was happy with those sharpeners until I went back to this one.  Only thing I don't like about it is it doesn't seem to have replaceable blades.  I will buy this again.
I love the sharpeners. Theyre the only ones I have found that work on the primer color pencils. Everything I tried broke the point until I started using these. Now Ive got four of them so they're always in reach
Sharpens the pencils faster and better than any sharpener I've ever seen.
I have a nice set of Prismacolor pencils and this thing broke off the tips as soon as I started using it. I knew I should've purchased an electric one.
"This sharpener does a great job with Prismacolor pencils, and also with lesser brand pencils.  The two openings give you a choice of shorter or longer points."
"Works well and if you sharpen SLOWLY, there's less lead breakage than most sharpeners, which is always a challenge with colored pencils."
Great sharpener.  Does not over shapen and waste the pencil lead
Nice pencil sharpener I use it for my colored pencils. It has very sharp blades  and two different slots that sharpen the pencil at different angles
I have bought a lot of pencil sharpeners off you. None of which have worked for very long. They break! I think you should send me a free one. A big company like you selling such junk!
"I gave this as a gift, but I own one myself.  Sharpens way better than my older sharpener. The wood doesn't split and points don't fall off like they did with my old one.  Great price too!"
"items came as described my daughter loves it , will recommend and re-purchase from seller"
"Sharpens the pencil well, but extremely hard to open to empty the shavings.  I actually broke the top off trying to remove the sharpener portion.  They say to push from the bottom.  Didn't work for me.  There are no instructions on the packaging."
Great sharpener for my colored pencils.
love it
"I bought this for Christmas for myself and my daughter-in-law.  I love how it sharpens and wish I could take the sharper out and use it......  On Christmas day I used enough to need to empty it..... BUT... and this is the big BUT....  I can't empty it.  There are NO directions on the packaging!!! Can't open it.... to empty it...  So....went on line and checked videos and just couldn't get it to open to empty.  AND broke it trying.  Screw it...... broke off plastic pieces..... I wrecked it beyond belief and now no return.  I'll just buy the ones that let the shavings go right into the trash.  Why pay  the money for a ""fancy"" one that doesn't work - even though it sharpens the best.  I'm upset really.  This is the first time I have ever written a review.  But I'm mad.... and this product is unless because a person can't even figure out how to use it correctly (empty it) and as you can't so it becomes plastic waste in less than 12 hours of using. Bah Humbug!  Darn it.  Shame on you Prismacolor.... you are looked at for quality.  This product is beneath you.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prismacolor-Premier-Pencil-Sharpener/dp/B004ZDL0K2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener</a>"
Works good as it has to do
Broke first time I used it.
Perfect for my prisma pencils. Sharpens them well.
does the job
"I use Prismacolor Premier colored pencils, as they are the best I have found. Unfortunately, when the lead breaks, it is very hard to sharpen it to get the lead back using any other of my several manual pencil sharpeners. I bought this one because it was made to be used with the colored pencil brand I use. But it doesn't work!! There are 2 openings-one very small and the other larger, a bit bigger diameter than the pencil. Neither worked on the Prismacolor pencils I had after the lead cracked at the base. I thought I'd have to throw the pencils away until I found another sharpener (that I also reviewed) that worked. I was very disappointed, especially since you would think that something that was made for Prismacolor Premier pencils specifically would work."
very sharp. pretty good
broke it trying to figure out how to open it
Much better than a regular sharpener. Doesnt break the pencil tips. Offers 2 sizes. Recommend for anyone using softer tip pencils
Best sharpener I have purchased so far.  Puts a sharp point on all brands of colored pencils and does not break the lead off inside the pencil.
"I purchased this sharpener to use with my Prismacolor pencils.
The first time I used it, the black piece with the name on it broke off. I don't feel that should have happened.
It does a great job sharpening.
I'm not sure if I would purchase another or recommend it to others."
"Excellent sharpener.  I can sharpen my Prismacolor pencils without breaking the points off.  It doesn't work very well with other colored pencils however.  I use one of those tiny pencil sharpeners for those.  If you use Prismacolors, this can't be beat."
Sharpens both prismacolors and other brands.
A favorite!
gooooood~~~!!!
Great sharpener! Cleans out easily. Good for color pencils and wood pencils
good quality and helpfully.
Too early to tell
For two pencil sizes.  Has lid so holds all shavings well (no mess in pencil case)
"I tried multiple, different pencil sharpeners and they always would break my pencil tips.  This Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener is great and works with really no broken tips."
Works great!
This is by far the best sharpener I own and I own many.. Alot of them cheap and some quite expensive but nothing like my Prisma color sharpener..like the pens these are my fav.
"It breaks all leads, from all types of pencils"
Best pencil sharpener for colored pencils but the blades dull very quickly. I just ordered my 2nd one in 3 months.
Fine goods. I thank you.
Very nice
I can't believe the difference between this sharpener and the cheaper ones -- and it's not like this one is that expensive to begin with.  Keeps pencils sharp (as expected) with less waste than those basic sharpeners that tend to break the lead.
I never write reviews but this is complete garbage. It literally broke apart in my hands when I removed it from the packaging. The metal pencil sharpener inside the flimsy plastic is the same as any other metal sharpener. Avoid.
Nice and sharp....doesn't use up a lot of pencil lead....
amazing
Works great with prismacolor pencils!
Love these. Just wish for wider variety of colors.
Excellent
"Had to call the company for a replacement as it was impossible to open the lid to empty. No directions are included and they told me to go to YouTube to watch a video by people who had posted! Excellent sharpeners but extremely poor design - crazy even. Lots of comments on YouTube about how impossible it was to open and how easily it broke. You would think that their ""sharpener engineers"" would look at the reviews and make some corrections, but that would be silly as no one seems to care anymore."
works great
GREAT
needed with pencils
Works perfect thanks
"I own more pencil sharpeners than I can count but this one is different and it is a great complement to Prismacolor pencils. The sharpener has two sizes, one is for the thinner Verithin pencils and the other is for regular size pencils. There is also a lid which is a nice feature. I like having both sizes in one sharpener along with a consistently sharpened pencil."
"*thumb is where you will push up to open*
The external black piece came off immediately as I was trying to figure out how to open it to remove shavings. When it popped the, the clips that hold it in broke, but the piece does fit back on. This was pre sharpening, so off to a bad start.
A pencil sharpener shouldn't need instructions on how to open it.... but this one sure as heck does! There is a barely visible indent toward the top that you push in and up to open.
I tested it on 4 pencils, all Prismacolor Premier. It broke the lead off of 2 pencils, wasting them and causing me to dig out big pieces of lead from the blades. The other 2 pencils sharpened marvelously.
But honestly... it's a low price sharpener so its not that serious. :D"
good
Excellent!
greatest sharpener I ever had
good quality pencil sharpener
Excellent quality no complaints.
not as very good pencil sharpener Ive had better and i have many sharpeners.
"Lifesaver, or more succinctly, colored pencil saver. Must have if you're using their colored pencils."
Best sharpener on the market.
ok free
Perfect size to fit in my bag with my art supplies!
"Works great with high grade color pencils. Not so good with cheap ones.
It has two holes for sharpening one for a long point tip and one for a shorter fat tip.

Update : After using a bit Im taking one star away because the top is really hard to remove to empty shavings. It came unglued from its base and I hade to reflux it. Now I have to be super careful taking tip off when emptying so that I don't break it."
good product
Fine product.
"I read the reviews and decided to try this sharpener despite the complaints about getting it open. It looked so easy in the video. Unfortunately it didn't work that way. The plastic cover on top came unglued the first time I tried and neither I nor my husband could open it without chancing cracking it. I am not a ham-handed oaf as a previous reviewer suggested those who couldn't open it must be, nor is my husband. It is a bad design. Its really a shame as the sharpener blades are quite nice. I will use it until it is too full to use anymore then throw it away or pry out the sharpener and use as a backup. VERY disappointing!"
This really does a great job of sharpening my colored pencils. Just a few turns and you're done.
"The Manual Prismacolor Sharpener is the very best manual pencil sharpeners I have found to use! The only exception I have w/this manual sharpener is a plastic side piece that has broken off w/ALL 6 OF THE SHARPENERS I HAVE BOUGHT! It typically works thru about 7-8 removable shavings times when it gets full.  This sideplate quickly becomes lose w/each time u empty the shavings. The plate has 2 hook connectors that attach the plates to the actual pencil sharpener. These hooks quickly break off or crack requiring the sideplate to be attached w/tape or some kind of glue to keep it attached to the container. If you do not find a way to hold the pencil shavings into the container, it spills pencil trash from the 2 separate holes that the plate attaches to the sharpener.
Otherwise, this sharpener has 2 separate sharpeners w/one sharpening thin & the other sharp & thick.
Even though I have had each sharpener to have the plastic cover piece break, it has still been the very best manual sharpener I have ever been able to find! You cannot find better."
"Works great to sharpen pencils...that aren't prismacolor! Had a little trouble figuring out how to open it so that I could dump the wood shavings. Kinda amazing that there were no instructions anywhere! That's when YouTube saved the day, because apparently it's a common problem."
This is a great dual sharpener.
"It keeps coming apart, but needed for the prismacolor pencil."
"Love this sharpener. I ordered a second one. It doesn't eat my colored pencils, like the electric one does."
This is a handy tool for a quick sharpen on your colored pencils.
I use with Prisma colors as well as water color pencils. Works beautifully.
Perfect price and it works great.
Recommended for Prismacolor Pencils to get a better performance on them (and to save money).
"This is a well made sharpener, and works great with the colored pencil set.  It's easy to empty and makes a nice addition to the art bin."
good sharpener
I tried this yesterday with some old hb number 2 pencils and both sharpeners work like a charm super sharp points.
"Awesome!!!
Best sharpener I have ever owed"
This sharpener was even better than I expected. Im keeping it with the tote I use to take my watercolors to class because it not only sharpens really well but the container holds the shavings cleanly. I can sharpen both my regular pencils and my colored pencils as it has two holes of different length; long and pointy and short and a shallower pointy. Would buy it again.
Very happy.
Very satisfied
Works beautifully with the Prismacolor pencils.
"I love this sharper, very durable and not too shabby.. I even like the cover."
"I purchased this as an add-on with some Col Erase Prismacolors, and I was somewhat disappointed with both, especially after all the good things I've heard about them. It's tough to open and doesn't sharpen my pencils any better than my other cheap sharpeners. At least it looks neat."
Best pencil sharpener ever!  Sharpens my colored pencils to a nice point.
"I like this. It works well, and it doesn't leak pencil shaving powder when I set it down carelessly."
What can I say? it does its job well.
Good quality. Has two different holes for different size points.
Well made and sharpens beautifully! Would purchase again!
Awesome deal for the amount of pencils that come with. Great variety
Sharpens my Prismacolor pencils.  Easy to clean.  I like it a lot.
Good quality.
"There are 2 sizes of holes, I found(by accident-I thought I picked up a graphite pencil) that the large one will sharpen charcoal pencils if you are very gentle. Since one of my hands doesn't work well this has made sharping so easy, and it is so easy to empty. I would rate this 10 stars!!!!!"
Great sharpener for the colored pencils!
"Maybe it was the sharpener, maybe the colored pencils. Whatever, I just couldn't get a good point. I wore the pencils half way down before I gave up."
My daughter loved it!
Excellent product
Great tool two tip sizes.
"Excellent for colored pencils, makes a perfect short point."
Very sharp and dependable.
"Works reall well, comfortable in your hand, somewhat difficult to empty."
A must have for anyone using Prismacolor pencils.
Sharpens the pencils well.. As long as they aren't cracked in a trillion pieces..
I love the way it sharpens my Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils.  It's a perfect fit!
Great sharperner.  Does 2 different points.
My new pencil sharpener worked great. It gives a nice sharp point or a fat point if that's what you prefer. I would recommend this as a good one.
A must have for Prismacolor Colored Pencils!!!
"works well, very sharp"
"I have a collection of pencil sharpeners so this one will be used if others fail, it's a good size and you can see into the barrel when it's full... Easy to open, has two different holes to sharpen the lead size...it isn't a large hole for jumbo pencils... sometime after using all my capture shavings ones I go to my small silver one... I'm happy with it...Thank you!
R. Bridge..."
Excellent! Thank You!
"This sharpener sharpens to a perfect needle point every time. The core only fell out once because I sharpened too much. Excellent purchase, very happy with it."
Nice and Sharp - different size sharpening holes do seem to do much.
My son loved this sharpener for the prismacolor pencilsl!
Great sharpener. Worth the price.
cool!
"Its a pencil sharpener.... I put un-sharpened pencils in....twisty twisty....TA DA!!  They come out with a nice, sharp, point....."
"Does a really lousy job with the prisma premier pencils, but is a good sharpener for grafiet pencils."
Not sure if it is the pencil or the sharpener but sometimes I have trouble with the lead breaking off in the sharpener. No always so it could be the pencil itself. Otherwise it works well and I like that it holds the shavings until I empty it.
My young Artist is very pleased
"When I first ordered it, the sharpener fell apart but they sent me a free replacement. I still have yet to see whether or not it works over an extended period of time. But this second one didn't fall apart immediately."
Works good.
works great with prismacolor pencils
I like it
The best sharpener I've ever used.  Clean cut and easy to take anywhere.
"Sharp, worked well."
Love it
Sharpener is Okay but not as good as the Orbit
Great portable sharpener!  Works with all my pencil brands.
It is rather fragile. If you're gonna buy this best bet is to carry it in something like an art bin. You could put it in a bag but away from anything heavy as this thing is really fragile. Mine has a couple cracks in it and for god sake don't drop it! aside from all that the working part functions fine.
Great sharpener with 2 sharpening options
I'm not sure if I just got a bad one but this isn't even worth the few dollars I paid for it. I've needlessly burned through so many pencils because the lead on my pencils break almost always. And then I have to stop what I'm doing to dig the broken piece of the blades. I will definitely be throwing this out and looking for an alternative.
I use this little pencil sharpener for all my Prismacolor pencils.  The Prismacolor pencils are waxed base and they burned up my electric pencil sharpener.  So now I only use this sharpener and save the electric sharpener for my other brand of pencils. It works really well and holds a lot of shavings.
"Wife liked it, A L O T!  but it's cheap enough the cover broke in just a few short months.

For the overall price and brand name, the manufacturer should step up the quality. As much as she likes it, we will not purchase a replacement. Shame on another name brand company going cheap in design."
great to sharpen any pencils
"I wanted to love this, but it doesn't sharpen at the 30 degree angle the  way it's meant to.  I like to use the stubby sharpen on my colored pencils.. This is made specifically for that , it does it , but you have to fiddle with it too much to get it done.  Aside from that it's a good sharpener.  Strong clean blades, a smooth finish and no mess.  The top flips open ,  but it stays attached so you don't have to go looking for it.  The container opens under that for easy dumping.  While I recommend this product there's probably a better one out there for a stubby sharpen."
This pencil sharpener works great. I color a lot using color pencils and have tried so many different types of sharpeners and this one gets the point perfectly.
Sharp! Does not break tip while sharpening
ok
I love this sharpener. It has two different sizes to sharpen a pencil and very durable.
its great
"breaks tips when it dulls.  bought derwent super point, buy the super point before you wast your money on this."
"As stated by others, hard to empty... once you empty, the lid won't stay on and pencil shavings will be all over your desk perpetually."
replaced cracked one. works real well with my colored pencils
"Awesome product. I didn't get it on Amazon, but I've been using it for years and I couldn't ask for better. 99.9% of its use is for my Prismacolor pencils, but I wouldn't hesitate to sharpen anything in there. Think I even used it for a lip pencil once."
"I've tried a few battery operated pencil sharpeners and they were awful, they just weren't cut out to sharpen softer colored pencils. I finally bought this to sharpen my colored pencils, which are not Prismacolor brand, and it works really well in sharpening them. You do have to be careful not to press down too hard. The only drawback is that it is not really easy to lift the lid off to empty the chamber of the pencil shavings. I would definitely recommend this over the more expensive fancy sharpeners out there."
Great sharpener with a wonderful design!
Magnfico
Very good shapener for color pencils! I would recommend this to both students and professional artists.
"Nice sharpener for colored pencils, as with any pencil sharpener it has its flaws, but great for a easily accessible sharpener."
This is the best pencil sharpener I've bought for drawing.  It gives you two easy options - a longer very sharp point or a shorter more rounded point.  It gives just the point needed very quickly and cleanly.  Love it!
Good sharpener blades but plastic casing cracks easily. Also have to line up the top to close it properly. Should add color arrows to help line it up right.
Great for my prismacolor color pencils
Pretty  cool for a grown up
Works fantastic with the prismacolor pencils. Have not had a problem with breakage since starting to use this sharpener. Perfect for softer pencils. You can tell it was made for these pencils.
Wonderful hand sharpener!
Excellent choice that matches the excellent Prismacolor Premier pencils
It barely ever has a problem!
Perfect for my prismacolor pencils
Pencils need extra twists to sharp. Looks strange and fragile afterwards.
The best sharpener for pencils...
Very good for Prismacolor pencils.
good
as expected
"Nice, stylish design, holds a lot, abit pricey but really ok"
Great sharpener! Does the job as any sharpener should.
Great sharpener! And good price as Add-on item!!!
very disappointed  -impossible to get a nice sharp edge with Prismcolor premier pencils.
I purchased this pencil sharpener for my prismacolor. pencils. I purchased this from Amazon. I like this kind alot better.
The best!!!
I was actually pretty disappointed with this sharpener. It doesn't work that well for my prismacolor pencils. The lead often breaks off into it.
Finally!!!! How many pencils YOU have laying around which need to be sharpened? I have my work cut out for me. Works perfectly!
great
They sharpen well and the cap easily comes off but doesn't pop off by itself so you can trow the trash out just search up how to open it
"I had color pencils I was about to throw away because I could not get anything to sharpen them. This totally sharpened them perfectly.  Even the worse of the colored pencils.  Two sizes of tips, love this thing!"
Sharpens at an angle so it saves the color.
"Oh, how I wish I had bought this Prismacolor sharpener long ago.

This Prismacolor sharpener sharpens my coloring pencils with just a short twist of the pencil. It can sharpen the lead with the least amount of shavings I have ever seen. That is, the old style sharpener shortens the pencil a quarter inch or more every time. This new Prismacolor pencil sharpener can sharpen the lead taking only an eighth of an inch.  And sharpens them without breaking the lead in the softest pencles like the green ones.

Just love it."
"I bought this because all my color pencil leads kept breaking, with the Staedtler sharpener.  I didn't have any problem at all with the last one. I've got three different sets of coloring pencils and not one pencil was useable.  I thought it was worth a shot, five bucks to see if the sharpener was the problem...the sharpener was the problem. This Prismacolor sharpener hasn't broken any leads so far.  I am hopeful that remains true. I love the barrel-type, keeps the shavings contained until I empty it.  I love that smell!  Pencil shavings and crayons!"
"Hello.

This is a pencil sharpener that has 2 different  slots.  Each slot gives a different size point on the lead.  It's easy to use, and nicely compact.  It has a lid to protect the blades, and with a flick of the thumb, the blades lift out so that it can be emptied of the pencil shavings.

Many people use this sharpener, and I agree that it is a very good sharpener.

Let me know if I was helpful.  If not, I want to know that too.

Thanx,
Mindy"
"Good enough sharpener, but just a regular metal sharpener in a fancy not really necessary receptacle. Overpriced. Problem is, opening the lid to use it, I've noticed it is easy to open the whole thing, risking pencil shavings on the floor. Could be a better designed way to fix pieces together so they stay together securely until you need to take it apart to empty.."
"I've tried all sorts of pencil sharpeners for colored pencils and was disappointed in most of them.  If you have Prismacolor pencils, you need this sharpener.  This sharpener also works perfectly for the three other brands of colored pencils I have.  Definitely recommend."
Works great
damn I thought this product would work well but it turned out to suck. unless you buy the prismacolor pencils then its going to tear up every other pencil.
"Works great,  handy little gadget"
Wonderful sharpener for my prismas! My pencil are instantly sharpened and ready to color. This is a must have product for prismas
Works perfectly with my Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils
"My mom does alot of art work and she loved it.
Said it was one of the best pencil sharpeners ever."
Totally love it! Nice sharpener!
"Easy to use, holds a lot of shavings, no mess, and looks great! You get two choices for sharpening style for a perfect tip every single time! This is the best I've ever used!"
Best hand held sharpener I have EVER had. Easy to use. And fast.  Watch video if you have never owned one. Easy to empty once I saw video. Just push up on top with both thumbs.
Just repeatedly broke my prismacolors :/
works
Sharpen my colored pencils very well
Sharpens well but does not make the pencil even and smooth like I would prefer.
I this works well for my prismas and most others as well it has two options one side sharpens without exposing to much pencil the other side exposing more of pencil and core
its ok its a pencil sharpener nothing special. but it does what a pencil sharpener does
Perfect as described
"Not super crazy about this sharpener. I bought it a year ago, and feel it eats my prized colored Prismacolor Premiers for lunch! Also, the lid has a small notch in it that must be lined up to replace after emptying, and with a little off set force causes the top to break. I did like the size, that there was a lid, and that you could see when it was full due to the opaque color."
perfect for me
as good as a pencil sharpener can be 10/10
These seem to be just about the best color pencils available.  Both my wife and daughter are aspiring artists and they love them.
"It worked ok, my pencils broke several times, but I think that was due to the pencil not the sharpener. I would however recommend an electric sharpener instead."
I misplace everything so I'm ordering a couple more.  You don't have to waste a ton of pencil to get a sharp point and I really like that.  I chose this brand because I love their pencils.  I'm not disappointed.
I have better sharpening with a fifty cent sharpener.  This has broken more leads than sharpened.
I love this product. It is easy and smooth to sharpen my pencil/color pencils. You can also see through inside how much you have to empty the bottle. I like the cover on the top and it keeps it safe and clean in the drawer.
"Very nice sharpener.  I found out from an artist that it's better to twist the sharpener than the pencil. The circular shape fits your hand perfect to do that. Only thing is I like to keep my pencils in a case & this doesn't fit there but goes in my purse, backpack or pocket just fine. I recommend it."
"Incredibly smooth sharpening, streamlined design.  It's the best manual sharpener I've owned."
GREAT
Sharpens wonderfully!
Not a good sharpener. The tips are falling off the pencils.
Works very well
i love it
This is a nice product. It performs perfectly and prevents you from making a mess! I wish I had one of these years ago!
works great
This is the best pencil sharpener I have ever owned. It seems silly to go on and on about a pencil sharpener but it's never once let me down or frayed my pencil or wasted lead. This is the only pencil sharpener I use for myself and my kids. Don't bother buying cheaper ones at the store because all they will do is frustrate you. Buy this one and you'll never need another.
The best coloring pencil sharpener I've used.
"Just had to buy a second one for an envious friend. Then my artist daughter-in-law said, politely, 'Doesn't everyone have one of those?' Hmph."
Horrible - cannot open to throw out pencil shavings
"Works, came with a pencil case we bought."
"Prismacolor has a winner, here.

I've gone through a lot of pencil sharpeners over the years:  probably dozens of manual sharpeners, and spent hundreds of dollars on electric sharpeners.  The manual ones get dull in a month or less; no electric has lasted more than a year, no matter how much I spent on it.  The most reliable has been the old crank-style sharpener, like those we used to have in elementary school, mounted on the wall.  But those only make on kind of point, and they eat colored pencils for lunch.

This sharpener is the best I've found, to date.  I've used it for a month and it still seems as sharp as the day I opened it.  The shape and size are very ergonomic, making it easy to control, even for a child.  The shaving's reservoir is sizable, and easily removed and replaced.  And best of all, it offers two different styles of point:  an elongated point (typical of graphite pencils used for writing), and a cone point (the point that most color pencils come with).  Now I can get exactly the kind of point I need, and I'm not wasting expensive colored pencils by feeding them to the pencil sharpener.

I'm so glad I ordered a couple of these; I'll be using them a lot.

Highly recommended."
good
Sharpener as needed for coloring book  and pencils.
Great.
Just what I needed for my wax pencils. Nice product-better to use this than one for lead pencils. Excellent
Works great! Doesn't break colored lead. Love it.
Love it. Sharpens pencils with ease. My 6 year old granddaughter uses it without difficulty.
thumbs up
Great sharpener and having two size slots is extra nice.
"Prismacolor Premier pencils are solid, easy to sharpen and blend well. These are one of my favorite pencils as the color assortment is good and they are easy to work with. I highly recommend Prismacolor Premier."
"Great pencil sharpeners.  When I use them with my Prismacolor pencils, I find it best to start in the large hole and finish off the point in the smaller hole.  I also find too much pressure breaks the tip.  Use a light touch."
Great little sharpener for colored pencils
Worked perfectly with Prismacolor pencils
"This sharpens my prismacolors, but they sometimes still break inside the sharpener, like any other sharpener."
Sharpens pencils lol
I'm never buying a cheap pencil sharpener again. This one sharpens perfectly without shaving off half the pencil. One or two turns and I have a perfect led
Perfect for my colored pencils.  No other sharpener works as well
Very nice and fast shipping!
It does work very well but the cover on mine keeps falling off after having to open it to empty it a few times.
"Great sharpener for premier pencils.  As described, can sharpen two ways.  Really easy to sharpen, the points look like the pencil points as they were bought at the store!"
Great Product.  Great Seller
Well made
Too complicated for such a simple tool. This thing is way too hard to use for something that just sharpens pencils. It does not do a better job than my electric one. I thought it was supposed to be gentler on my softer pencils but it is not. It mashes some just easy and the tip breaks off in it just as easy too. I'm still trying to figure out to open it to empty it out!
Sharpens Prismacolor colored pencils so easily and perfect. It's my favorite sharpener.
Good
Perfect for my needs!
"Fantastic! Made for prismacolor pencils specifically. It has two different sharpeners for the pencil, one to file it to a pinpoint, one to sharpen to a thick point. I find that any other sharpener seems to waste a lot of the product and the lead end up breaking... this never happens with this one. Very pleased. I recommend it to anyone purchasing a prismacolor pencil set."
Prismacolor makes high quality pencils so I figured you need a high quality sharpener to sharpen those pencils.  This sharpener will allow you to get a long fine point or a short stubby point as it has 2 sharpeners in 1.  It does an excellent job sharpening the pencils.  My only complaint is I wish it had a larger shavings container as I find myself emptying it after sharpening only a few pencils.
My favorite pencil sharpener.
Nice
"This sharpener worked good for a little while, then started to chew up my pencils."
very pooly made
Great
Best sharpener I've ever owned.
"Works great for putting on the ""blunter"" point."
I bought one of these a while ago to use with my Prismacolor 72 pack of colored pencils. It works great! It doesn't eat up the pencils like normal sharpeners do to colored pencils. It has two sharpeners and keeps the mess in the container very securely. I just bought four more for my mom (a third grade teacher)  to bring to school for the upcoming year as her students always need to sharpen colored pencils but the classroom electric sharpener ruins the pencils. I highly recommend this sharpener for your colored pencils!
This sharpener is excellent in sharpens the color pencils 2 ways and it does bot nicely.
It's not clear how to open the sharpener. The attempt at trying to improve the ergonomics are pointless. Kum is a better brand.
Daughter loves it.
very good hand held sharpener
I use no other; magnificent!
Sharpens my col erases very well
It sharpens Prismacolor pencils perfecty.
"If you have Prismacolor premier pencils, I recommend skipping all the cheaper ones and going straight to this one. It will save you money in the long run and out of several I tried (Staedtler, Prismacolor scholar...), this one is by far the best."
the best pencil sharpener for colored pencils that I have found.  Excellent product
This really works great. It is a tough one too. Love it
"The top comes off all the time, constantly making a mess. I'm defiantly buying a different sharpener."
Good little handheld sharpener for my prismacolor pencils. I love that it isn't so small you have to worry about losing it and that it catches the shavings. A must have for coloring book enthusiast's.
As described....
"This is a great sharpener, glad I bought for my Prismacolors. Yes, you can probably find something cheaper or use one you have around the house (not including other artist-grade sharpeners), but don't this one is made just for these pencils and after spending that much money on them, I don't mind spending a couple dollars more for a nice hand sharpener. It's a good price and really nice. I didn't notice for a while that the two different holes for sharpening actually sharpen differently (there's a symbol by each one that I overlooked."
"enjoy the sharpener very much, nice fine points are made. only thing is opening the top, which once figured out is very easy. there is a vid on youtube that shows how."
This is the worst pencil sharpener I have EVER bought. The cheap ones I get at the Dollar General store for 50cts is way better.
"it's ok for the price, but I expected it to be better because it's the same maker as the pencils."
AAA
trs bien
"Requires repetitive twists to sharpen a single pencil. Repeatedly broke pencil points when trying to sharpen a box of Prismacolor Verithin pencils; one point finally stuck in the sharpener and has so far proven impossible to remove.  Very difficult to open to empty it, and then equally difficult to put it back together.  Would not recommend if you have arthritis in fingers/hands/wrists."
a good pencil sharpener for the color pencils.
I really like my Prismacolor Premier Pencils and this little sharpener compliments the pencils quite well.  I wouldn't use any other sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils.
Works as described easy to use.
"I have eight or ten collections of pencils that my OCD has propelled me into buying, my 150-pencil collection of Prismacolor pencils being the best.  Before I bought them, I read here on Amazon that with such an investment, the only pencil sharpener that should ever be used for Prismacolors is the Prismacolor brand.  I have taken that advice to heart and, despite widespread complaints about the fragility and proneness to damage of Prismacolor pencils, I have had no injuries to ANY pencil, in ANY of my collections, from this pencil sharpener.  I am thrilled with that outcome and would urge any prospective buyer of pencil sharpeners (especially for use with pencils in adult coloring books) to spring for the few extra dollars involved in buying this brand.  In all candor, though, I think that the lack of damage to my pencils has something to do with not rolling over them with my wheel chair . . . ."
No complaints
Didn't last and the points keeps breaking off. Not a good purchase at all
"Bought this sharpener for my 10 year old granddaughter who enjoys coloring with Prismacolor pencils because I like mine so much! It has places to sharpen two different points. One sharpens to a longer point while the other sharpens a broader, shorter point which I prefer. It works well on the different brands of colored pencils I use. I'd buy it again!"
"The sharpeners are good...However, once you take it apart to empty the container it's difficult to put back together.  I had to throw away to outer part because I got so frustrated trying to get it back on."
"As always, Prismacolor!"
Good pencil sharper
Good.  Gives two different pencil points.
Will buy again
great sharpener. haven't experienced any problems or breaks for my colored pencils.
good.
grand kids in Ireland love it to sharpen pencils
Does a good job. Nice sharp blade.
do not buy....
Does a horrible job - broke the pencil heads and blunted pencil heads without sharpening.
Excellent device. Sharpens the pencils with ease and no breakage
Nice little pencil sharpener!
I only use this with my Prisma color pencils.
Works great
"Just what I expected, And the price is so good. Thanks"
good
Perfect accessory for Prismacolor pencils!
"really good

-My sister"
"I was hoping the ""wide"" sharpener would be wider, closer to how Prisma pencils originally are. I can otherwise barely tell the diffetence between the two options but sick to using the ""wide"" one. The blades have thus far been reliable"
"It's nice and sharp and does the job, but I can't open it to empty; and my husband can't figure it out either.  I'm sending it back to the manufacturer full of shavings."
Cheaply made hard for arthritis hands to open. Crap. Do not buy broke top first time trying to open
This sharpener worked very well with the Prismacolor pencils!!
sharpens great and I love the size of it.
"Given as a gift to my sister, she says, it works great."
Points keep breaking off and clogging the entrance holes.
This item is cool.
Ordered to use with another brand of colored pencils and it doesn't work. Just breaks off constantly and never gets a point. May be fine with Prismacolor pencils so I can't rate it for that. Just a head's up on use with my pencils (Crayola pencils).
"I had purchased several of the cheaper manual pencil sharpeners and of course they worked fine for the first week or two but then, they would start eating away my pencil and would waste a lot of the'lead' so now, that I have purchased the Prisma pencil sharpener, it works beautifully! It does not waste a lot of the pencil itself and it gives you the perfect tip! ( so much so that I bought a second one to use for my eyeliner! LOL it works perfectly for that also."
Sharpened the pencils well and has enough storage for the shavings. I think I'm really going to like it.
"I tried using a regular pencil sharpener for my Prisma Color pencils and it would only break them and nothing more, this sharpener however sharpens them greatly and most never breaks them."
This came as a set with my PridmaColor Prncils. Highly recommend.
"I thought this was a spiral sharpener, but it's not. It's just two cheap little pencil sharpeners with single straight blades. The blades might be sharper than the dollar store variety, and it does have a container for the shavings, but it's not really worth the extra money."
Perfect!!!
This item makes normal sharpening and blunted sharpening to not waste lead.  It;s fantastic and a great item to use with the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils we bought.
Great sharpener for my Faber Castel polychromos.
"We had been using a regular pencil sharpener because that is what we had on hand, what we have found is that we wasted a lot of good pencil by not having this sharpener. Buy the sharpener with FIRST order of pencils, we wasted money by waiting. Pays for itself."
Very cool has 2 holes for 2 types of point.
Best sharpener I have used for drawing.
"The sharpener is great! But...The lid broke off and I had to pry it open to empty. Now the lid is cracked...bummer. I sent it back and have
 still heard nothing after several months. I bought another one...same result. Too bad, as the sharpener itself is five star, but the container is obviously a bad design."
Get to the point!
Awesome sharpener!
"Hard to open but I googled  for Prismacolor phone number, called them and asked how to open it. I can now open mine."
Best small manual pencil sharpener I've found.  Sharpens regular pencils without issue!
Didn't know how to open but I was helped. Thanks
I've had many sharpeners before and this one is my favorite.  It sharpens well and keeps them contained.
"Doesnt sharpen as well as expected.  The flip top will break off at some point as it is a thin plastic that holds it together. I purchased for the wide point.  The Scholar sharpener I previously purchased feels easier to sharpen pencil whereas this one feels rough.  Unfortunately I cannot sharpena wide point with it, therefore this purchase. On the positive, it does hace a nice shape and grip."
Still enjoying this 2 years later and can't get enough of itN great pencils
"Efficient sharpener! I use both holes to create a fine point. First I do three~four turns using the longer tip symbol, then I do two~three more turns accordingly using the wider tip symbol. I haven't had any broken leads yet, but like another reviewer stated, these sharpeners do scratch the edges of the pencils :("
makes great points on the pencils  specially with having the two different points that you can choice from.
very hard
"I had been using an electric sharpener to sharpen my Prismacolor pencils, and it was chewing them up.  The first time I used the sharpener I was in awe.  The end of the pencil looked like it did when I bought my pencils new.  Works wonderfully!  Doesn't eat up the pencil.  Only removes a minimal amount of material as it sharpens.  Absolutely worth buying.  Highly recommend!"
Sharpener works great but it was a puzzle to figure out how to empty! Had to look up directions. Instructions should be included!
"Sharpens great, difficult to open to empty."
This pencil sharpener is the best one I have ever used.
fair
good product
"This thing is a beast. I have an electric sharpener and just got another... this thing is superior to both.  My wife loves it, because it allows her pencils to function just how she needs them to.  Happy wife, happy life confirmed."
Sharpens pencils without breaking the lead.
"So I have been using a prismacolor sharpener for almost two years. It finally started to loose its edge so I bought a new one on Amazon. It works perfectly and lasts a long time. If you have prismacolor premier (soft-sore) color pencils, they can be sharpened with this sharpener."
This is the best sharpener I have used. I am tried many and this one is the easiest on the Prismacolor pencils that break so easily.
"Our leads break inside often.  But when it does work, the point is fine."
perfect for Prismacolor Pencils!
purchased this item with two other items as gift for granddaughter; loves PRISMACOLOR PRODUCTS; best there is
Great eorks super
Thank you
I love how this has 2 sharpeners. Most sharpeners make the tip so narrow and thin that the tip breaks off. Not this one.
Love this sharpener! I use it for coloring and it's amazing! Highly recommended!
"broke tips of pencils, jammed and then broke into pieces when I tried to open it to unjam it."
It works well.
great if you have prismacolor pencils then you have to have this because it is a must have. no other sharpener is better for prismacolors than this one.
Good sharpener
Actually I use this to sharpen eyebrow pencils.  It's the best sharpener that I've found.  Not what I originally purchased it for but it's much more useful for the eyebrow pencil
"works perfectly.
i wish i could just leave it at that but amazon needs me to write more before i can publish this review"
This does a great job on the Prismacolor pencils.  Much better than a power sharpener or a hand crank one.
"This is definitely a good sharpener for colored pencils. I have had it for months, use it daily, and it STILL gets the pencils nice and sharp. The blade has not dulled even a little bit. It has two holes, for two different sharpening styles, and I find that sometimes a stubbier sharpened pencil works better than a regular sharpened one. This is made for Prismacolor Pencils, and I have a ton of colored pencils, besides my Prismacolors. I think I much have sharpened about 150 pencils by now, and it still does not need replacing yet. Guess Rubbermaid still outdoes itself with this little diddy."
"Sharpens just like any other sharp sharpener. It's easy to empty, but it can open too easy sometimes, spilling shavings in your bag."
"Very easy to use, small enough to not take up space while large enough to not be easily misplaced. Sharpens in 2 ways for your preference, and smoothly. Great sharpener. I would recommend.

UPDATE:  I was loving this sharpener, and for sharpening I still do, however the second time I went to empty the top came unglued and popped off. now I can't get the sharpener part out in order to empty. :(  I am very disappointed."
"I bought this because I kept breaking points in the handheld sharpeners. I did not want a heavy plug-in model because it could not work out of doors.
This is heavy enough to stay put and light enough for travel. Takes up minimal space on the table. Sharpens very very well. What is not to like?? Happy I found this product and I would but it again."
"I don't care for the lid. I will probably take it off. It gets in the way when you are turning it to sharpen the color pencils Yes, I said turn it. That is what is suggested. It does a good job of sharpening, but pencil quality helps. The other thing is they give to sharpeners on it but they look to be the same size so I don't why there are two."
I finally foud a pencil sharpener that doesn't ruin my Prismacolor Pencils!  Other sharpeners just break them.  This one doesn't.  So if you use or are thinking of purchasing Prismacolor pencils BUY THIS!
Perfect addition to my arts and crafts.
nice
"Great colors and easy but wear down very fast and have to sharpen often.  I'm working on one page and maybe colored 6 leaves and had to sharpen 3 times already.  These will not last long for the money, especially on colors used often.  Very disappointed because very hard to find anything that works well in adult coloring books."
"Seems to work alright but my pencils break. I'm not sure if it's my pencils or the sharpener, that's why only 3 stars."
"A great little sharpener, esp. for Prismacolor pencils
None of my usual sharpeners were working well so
for the price, I gave it a chance."
Best pencil sharpener.  Never used one like this before.  Thank you!!!
These were a Christmas gift for a friend and she loved them.  Amazon has the best price.
Nice little eraser.  Like the choice of broad or narrow tip.  Is kind to the pencils.
Sharpens my colored pencils very well.
Happy with purchase.
Love
Perfect!
Fine pencil sharper
Sharpens the Prismacolor Premier pencils perfectly.
Keep breaking the lead of my pencils. It's actually worse quality than their (prismacolor) cheaper green pencil sharpener.
broke the first time I used it!
"Really great for sharpening colored pencils, which, if you've tried other types/brands, you will appreciate."
Works great.
great
This is a great little sharpener!
Great price for great product
Works good!
ok
Love it
I have bought a few other sharpeners but I really love this one with the two size options.  I use the pointed smaller size most often and am able to use my Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils in tight spaces that I usually reserve for Staedtler fine tip pens.  The thinker more blunt side is great for coloring larger areas.
"I got this as a gift. It works really well, and I had no idea how to open it until coming to read the reviews here just a few minutes ago. After a few uses of this sharpener, the plastic around where it opens is cracking and the lid/plastic that was super-glued around the sharpener holes popped off. This would be fine for someone who does not move around a lot, but for someone like me who takes her sketchbook everywhere and abuses her art supplies, it is a bit delicate."
"we bought this as part of a set that included 132 count Prismacolor premier colored pencils and two colorless blender pencils. Our autistic son loves it, sharpens pencils easily and has nice shavings holder."
This was a gift.  It goes with the pencils I gave my sister.
sharpens very well
Works fine and looks fancy!
"Major design flaw issue. Prismacolor pencils are very soft and require the pencil to reremain stationary and the sharpener to be turned for proper sharpening, opposite of what most people usually do, but it's necessary to keep leads from breaking and to get a good point. The big issue is the ""attached lid"" doesn't allow me to do that for so I had to cut the lid off to use it properly. 
It really helps if form follows function, but sadly someone either didn't know how to properly sharpen their own brand of pencils, or they were more interested in it being a tidy sharpener. The sharpener works fine otherwise, now that the lid is gone."
OK pencil sharpener. Nothing Fantastic.
Best pencil sharpener.  I use with my poly-chromo colored pencils. Gives a nice sharp tip.
"No matter how carefully I twist, this sharpener broke every one of my Prismacolor Verithin pencil tips multiple times--and I tried both openings, just in case. Over and over I fished out broken tips to toss in the trash, wasting my expensive pencils!

I had hoped to avoid using my electric Exacto sharpener because it shaves so deeply, but at the lead never breaks in it."
"The best sharpener for colored pencils. I used prismacolors primarily and I use erasable prismas for daily sketching and laying down ground work for finished pieces. Considering soft lead you need a very sharp blade to get them sharp with out snapping off ten million very expensive pencil tips.
 It's got a huge storage compartment for pencil crud, which is awesome cause you don't actually need to shave off that much to get a very nice point with this thing. I'm sure I'll sharpen like fifty pencils before I have to empty that thing. Probably. This does mean it's a bit large.
Totally worth it if you're a colored pencil user. Hopefully it lasts a good long time."
Great quality!
It seems like I've only used it a few times before the blade in the sharpener has gotten a little dull but it worked good I just need to know where I can replace the blade at thank you again
Good Transaction no problems Thank's
the BEST pencil sharpener EVER!
I am new at using coloring pencils and tools.  This seems to do the job.
It sharpens the pencil.
Works great!
Does the job it was made to do.
Works great sharpening the Prismacolors without eating away the pencil.
perfect for my Prisma colored pencils
"Sharpens the pencils perfectly, doesn't break off the tip every time you sharpen! Excellent tool for your craft room."
Great!
Smaller than expected but works well. No opening instructions. Sharpening unit pops off to empty.
"Easy to use, and sharpens pencils well."
Great sharpener. Turn the sharpener not the pencil. Sharpen some regular pencils once in awhile to keep the blades working properly.
Works well
"This sharpener does not sharpen evenly. One side of pencil does not sharpen, and it will break some colours that seem softer than others, like the darker blues. I just bought these and sharpening some of the colours has shortened the pencil because of the poor quality of the blade! and I have yet to colour with them. I watched the how to video before using. But it still sharpens one sided as well."
"It's an adequate pencil sharpener, but there are many sharpeners which are just as good"
"It's great sharpener. However, trying to open it to empty it was impossible without watching a You Tube video. I must add, it's so easy to open once you know how to do it."
"This pencil sharpener is Ok, I wouldn't rave about it. It doesn't always sharpen the pencils fine enough for me."
Best pencil sharpener out there!! There are two slots. One slot is for very pointed and the other for more rounded. The metal sharpeners are made in Germany (need I say more)....the case in China. It is easy to empty once you get the hang of it...so read the directions.
It sharpens my pencils!
"love it , excellent product."
can't wait to try!
Doesn't have the power to sharpen!
Be sure you have good lighting before trying to figure out how this works.  There is a tiny indent  to push open the top.  This allows you to get to the sharpener.  Arrows ( black on black) tell you the blunt or narrow point. The blades work fine.  Then you have to figure out how to empty the shavings.  I ended up prying off the extra curved piece on the outside to get the entire top off. Then I had to figure out how to put it back together.
Best colored pencil sharpener! This one even stopped my cheap set of colored pencils from cracking and shattering.
"It is not a BAD sharpener, just not nearly as sharp and smooth as a Kum. I was disappointed for the price."
"What a disappointment !  I expected more from Prismacolor.  Once the lid was removed and replaced for the first time, the lid would no longer stay on.  Poor quality."
"This is a terrible sharpener. I have prismacolor pencils and I bought this on Amazon Prime Now (I thought since it was available, had good reviews, and I was using the same brand colored pencils that I love this would be perfect). It never sharpens my pencil to a tip, no matter if I use the small or large size sharpener, and when I did sharpen it to and adequate sharpness based on my previous results the tip kept breaking. I am adding three pictures respectively: the best sharpness I could get my pencil to, a comparison of the size it was before sharpening trying to get it to a nice sharp tip to color, and all of the shavings for a one time sharpening that still sucks."
"This by far a superior pencil sharpener.  If you are having difficulty sharpening your pencils, this is the sharpener to buy.  It costs more than some sharpeners but what you save in pencil breakage during sharpening will outweigh the sharpener cost.  As with any manual sharpener and color pencils, you need to have delicate touch when sharpening.  Also I have found that if you empty the sharpener before it gets too full, that cuts down on breakage during  sharpening as well.  When I need a new sharpener, I will definitely purchase another"
"I was hesitant to purchase this when I could get a cheap sharpener for a fraction of the cost, but I am so glad I did. The two sizes are great and the blades are super sharp! Definitely worth the money!"
It's OK. I use it for what I need which is to sharpen pencils.
Seems to be one the best enclosed  hand sharpener around
received damaged. The sharpener breaks the colored pencil core.
ITS OK
Bought this with colored pencils..but it doesn't sharpen the pencils very well unless you push very hard on the end of the pencil...which is a problem for someone who has weakened grip-strength or a child.  Not impressed.
"I love this pencil sharpener.  It works great.  Now if they would just put on the product packaging how to open the darn thing.  I had to get on youtube.com to have someone show me.  You feel the front of it and there is an indention at the top, you just push up with your thumb.  It was a little hard to open at first, however after the first time it's easy."
"Really great sharpener, super simple and reliable. I leave it in my backpack and its a wonderful little self contained pencil sharpener."
"Absolutely the BEST for sharpening my Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Coloring Pencils!!!  I really love that there are two point angle sharpeners, and I tend to use the broader of the two to help reduce tip breakage. Really good steel sharpener blade in this, and the best part is the shavings catcher. The top lifts off for easy dumping of the shavings. Best sharpener I own!"
This sharpner works no better than the cheaper pencil sharpners.
worked great
works great
"Arrived on time and sealed. However, the blade on the unit I recived is defective and non functional."
good
Easy to use on the pencils
"Useless for Prismacolor pencils as they split and break, had to buy electric to sharpen them, prismacolour need to lift their game and make an electric which is the only thing that is good for prismas!!"
love this item
"Awesome hand-held sharpener, lil complicared to figure out how to open it the first time."
"This is the only sharpener to buy! I found that out after many trial and error purchases. I was looking for a sharpener that would sharpen my prismacolor pencils without breaking the soft core, and this one has the option of not shaving off so much of the wood before obtaining a sharp point. I still have some breakage, but not nearly as much as with other sharpener. I liked it so much, that I purchased a second one for my coloring daughter."
This is a really good sharpner. The best I've ever bought. All sharpners I've bought usuallt kinda ruined my pencils and they barley sharpned them. I use them on pencils and on my prismacolors and it's great I've had it for a while now and it still works nicely and it also arrived on time. Thanks alot.
It doesn't get the pencils sharp enough.
"This is great, used always before the typical sharpener."
Best sharpener!  Will buy another!!!
It has worked great for me. I will order this again when needed!
Love this sharpener!!!  It has two different ways to sharpen.  You can sharpen to a long point or a short point.  It sharpens easily and quickly!
This has a great German made metal sharpener inside. I had to call Prisma to find out how to open the lid to get the shavings out. That's the only drawback.
"This pencil sharpener sharpens my pencils to a sharp point but I can't open it to empty the shavings so that is why I gave it two stars.  My husband can open it after several tries.  We even put some oil around the rim, hoping it would open easier the next time, but it didn't help.  Mine may be the only one that won't open because I haven't seen anyone else complain about it."
A very useful addition to the Coloured Pencils!
nice
Don't take your expensive pencils and run them through a crap sharpener. And definitely don't put your wax based pencils through an electric that isn't designed for it.
"Best for the premiers. Due to the fragile quality of the wood every other sharpener I tried broke my pencils (Including prismacolor scholar sharpener). Highly recommend.

-Comes with two point sizes
-sturdy
-great quality
-great price"
I love this sharpener!  It is a 2 in 1 which is a must for coloring.  One sharpener is for a fine point and the other is for a more shallow point. What I like best is that it stays together... The shavings bin stays put until you empty it... No more shavings everywhere!
Great for ALL pencils. Especially for soft-core pencils
Returned.
Wife loves this and has helped her pass time during chemotherapy.
Loving this pencils sharpener!
"This sharpener is perfect for my prismacolor pencils.  It makes sharp points without 'wasting' too much lead like some sharpeners.  It took me a steep learning curve to figure out how to empty it, and I somehow cracked it in the process, but I finally figured it out and it still works!  I use it daily and it seems to stay sharp over time as well."
Works great with prismacolor premier pencils.  Zero broken leads
"I got my package on a sunday, which was nice. I ordered this sharpener to go with my 72 brand spanking new prisma color pencils... I was so excited to start to using everything I started to color and shade... when I had to sharpen my pencil it broke on the right side of the sharpener. I was so disappointed.  I understand that there are two sides to this sharpener but it makes no sense if one is useless and breaks the leads in my $50 expensive color pencils. Don't waste your time on this. Just because it's from prisma color doesn't mean it's the best for your pencils."
Excellent sharpener for the prismacolor pencils.
"Hmmm..., sorta torn on these. They do sharpen Prismacolors very well, but proceed with caution & sharpen gently, or the tips WILL break off.

My only real issue is how easily the top/lid, which the sharpeners are attached too, pops off, sometimes when sharpening a pencil or sometimes when it falls, scattering pencil shaving bits all over. It gets a bit looser each time the lid is removed (when emptying it, or by accidentally popping off). I'll probably add a small strip of washi tape to it, to make it stay on more securely.

Not sure if I'd buy one again, I'd probably try out another brand instead, but until I wear this one out, I'll keep using it."
Great sharpener for colored pencils.
Works like a charm! Love this. No instructions how to open. lid lifts up....I youtubed it.  :)
I've tried other sharpeners for my colored pencils and this one is the best!
don't hold up real well the top falls off all the time. But this is one great sharpener doesn't eat up your pencils . Just bought another one.
"It's the best you can get honestly you can never get that initial point back, that's my opinion but this sharpener is the best for colored pencils."
Excellent pencil sharpener with dual sharpening ports.
Works great!!
works great with my prisma pencils.
I actually haven't used this yet but I did take it apart and look at it and it seems pretty easy to use.  I like that it gives you 2 depending on what type of tip you want on the pencil.  Long and skinny or shorter and skinny.  That is a feature that you normally don't see.  Looks easy to clean.
"I could get this thing to sharpen some pencils, but never could get it to sharpen any of my prismacolor premier colored pencils.  I found the KUM sharperners all work much better."
"I figured I would get the companion sharpener to go with the prisma color pencils since the pencils are so expensive, I wanted to get the most out of them. So far this has been great, hasn't broken any of the tips. I did have trouble opening it. I think it's because I was being careful and worried about breaking it so didn't want to push too hard, but you just have to. I actually had to google this issue and watch a video of someone opening it to figure it out... obviously I'm not the only one who had this problem! It's not so much a negative though, I'd rather have it secure than the top fall off and spill shavings everywhere."
Perfect for sharpening my Prismacolor Pencil.
This is a nice sharpener and works on my Prismacolor and Ohuhu colored pencils. It also works well on good ole' number two pencils. Even if you don't use a number 2 pencil also it is good to sharpen it in your colored pencil sharpener to keep clean as well as oil and wax free.
"Less then 1 star...total waste, do not buy. Usually Amazon reviews are solid but I have no idea how this received 4.5 stars. It flat out does not work well at all, chews through pencils. I've tried all sorts of pencils including art pencils too. I just threw it in the trash today...I wish I could return it."
was ok
Hey what can I say it sharpens Prisma Color pencils. But; it works great!
It seems weird to really like a pencil sharpener but this one is nice. Two different sharpening options and both work really well. Never had a better point on my colored pencils
i really didn't care for the pencil sharpener to much.everytime i would sharpen a coloroed penicl it would break.
just helps break the pencils
"This pencil sharpener works okay. It worked great at first, but ow after a little bit of time it seems to break more leads then it sharpens. I probably need to replace the blades."
the best
"Honest, this has been more of a headache than anything. You have to be REALLY gentle when sharpening Prismacolor soft watercolor pencils it just eats through them. The shape is awkward, the lid broke the third day. It ended up in the bin, and to be honest the 2 sided sharpener I bought at the Dollar Tree works better. I would not suggest this product. Very disappointed."
Great quality
super bien
Works well
works great
"I was debating on getting this sharpener ONLY because I wanted an electric one.
I am so glad I read the reviews and decided to give it a try. It works great. Sharpens my pencils really well, no breakage! Highly recommend. And, an unbeatable price! "
"Just what I was looking for!
 And ordering was fast and easy
thank you"
"It's just the pencils, because the lead breaks off easily in light colors."
Good value.
"It works well for my high-quality pencils, doesn't chew them up. I like the Derwent sharpener too, and I would choose between them based on cost."
"Works ok.  Not great, just ok."
Very smooth pencil sharpener.
Once there an unsharpened pencil ...then small dark and handsome this entered my life and together we began a romance that will last till all the pencils are sharpened.
Needed for prisma colored pencils. Other sharpeners butcher the pencils.
Absolutely love the way you can sharpen in two different ways one for thin and one for thick pencil tips. The only brand of pencils I use for coloring. Been using this brand since 2006.
sharpens well
Excellent sharpener. Two sizes. Does a great job and holds a lot of shavings.
Sharpens pencils just like you want it to.
"Sharpeners are great. However, the little plastic top on mine was not connected, rendering it impossible to open to empty. I was able to superglue it, but it's still very hard to open.  Again, the actual sharpeners are excellent."
Works really well!
The VERY BEST colored pencil sharpener for this brand of colored pencils.  Since purchasing this pencil sharpener I'll ONLY use one made for the Prismacolor pencils.  It's somewhat difficult to empty; otherwise this would have FIVE BIG GOLD STARS.
Prompt delivery of item in excellent condition/packaging. Perfect cut edge to sharpen pencils anywhere you are. Seller is highly recommended!
"By far one of my best purchases for my art it is the best pencil sharpener I have ever used!
 It came very fast!  In fact it also shows that it hasn't arrived yet so it came early. Yay!!"
The best for getting your mind off the daily grind when you need a few moments to relax.
I purchased this sharpener for my Prismacolor Premier pencils. I've had it for a month and it's already dull. I've have a Faber Castell sharpener for 6 months and it's still very sharp.
does a great job
"I don't know why some people hate it, but I think it's better than any other pencil sharpeners at this price."
"Better than the average manual pencil sharpener but not as good as I expected a Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener to be. When you're Prismacolor, and you sell colored pencils, shouldn't the sharpener with the Prismacolor name on it be exceptional?"
The sharpener didn't give me the sharp point that I need. Also the pencil lead got stuck in the blade and I couldn't get it out.
It broke the first time I used it.
works great with the Prismacolor pencils! I use it for other pencils brands as well.
It works so well. Very smooth sharpening.
I love them! They're great for coloring in tiny spaces & the colors are bright & rich. They move across the paper smoothly & blend well too. I'll definitely be ordering them again!
i loved it... so did my dogs. need to order another now.
"I do like that you have two options, a very sharp, narrow point or a sharp, wider point.  I've found, however, that sometimes, the sharpener leaves little gouges in the leads or around the pencils.  I do like that it has a little flap over the sharpener holes to protect them from outside debris/dirt/dust.  It's easy to empty and holds quite a bit of shavings."
I use this for my color pencil set. It seems to work pretty well. I like that the canister is bigger than most I have seen. I don't have to empty it as often.
Great product
I think I need to get a electric sharpener. This is hard to do with my arthritis in my hands.
Great product and great price
"Hard to open to empty it, not sharp enough"
This is a good hand held sharpener but it is much smaller than I thought it would be. It has 2 dif. sharpness. This will not do for any kind of giant pencils.
Pencil sharpener is fine.  A little hard to open to empty. Is actually same 2 sharpeners that I already have.  Just this one has a small plastic container for the shavings.
great!
Lid doesn't stay on well.  Broke quickly.  :-/
Awesome
So far so good
Works well with pencils.
"not as good as I hoped, my regular old school one works better."
"I've read several times and even seen several YouTube videos where people claimed that this was THE sharpener for Prismacolor Colored Pencils.
I had just recently purchased a large set of Prismacolor Colored pencils so I intended for this sharpener to sharpen perfectly and protect my pencils from over sharpening.
I do use my pencils daily and like to maintain a sharp tip. I liked the ergonomic design and was able to sharpen by turning the pencil or by turning the sharpener. This is great for tired hands.
Overall I experienced the same amount of tip breakage during sharpening as with any other sharpener, minimal.
The one thing that disappointed me about this sharpener was that for the price the sharpening blade did not stay sharp very long at all. I was only able to use it for about a month before having to replace it.
This would be a great pencil sharpener to give as a gift but for someone who used colored pencils everyday it's better to just keep a handful of less expensive sharpeners on hand."
It works ok. The prism colored pencils do clog it a bit.
worked well with the pencils
I was disappointed in this design. I like the TGaal sharpener- it has a dial so you can customize the pencil point - from squat-sharp to long slender-sharp. It works with both slender pencils like Ohuhu and the thicker Prismacolors. The TGaal also empties easily.
"Excellent color pencil sharpener! It just needs one or two twists to make a point. It is somewhat difficult to open and empty, but I don't have to do that very often."
Got these pencils for an amazing price. Great deal. Pencils are fantastic.
NOT TO GOOD
"If you like coloring, these are AMAZING! They are soft and it is easy to control the color deposit."
"Best portable sharper that I've found for both colored pencils and regular pencils. It's not a perfect sharpener in terms of precision, but I really need something to catch the shavings easily while on the road. I have two of these, one at each of my workstations."
muy bueno
"Why love a pencil sharpener? Because it works. My wife has Prismacolor pencils and I just wanted my own sharpener for regular pencils for my own desk. My age old battery powered sharpener died (it was a workhorse!) and I didn't want to spend much so I opted for a handheld, basic one. Went to Staples and saw them range in price from $2 to $5 in the pencil and pen aisle. My wife showed me the Prisma section and I spent the extra money for this one.

I write music and mark music in rehearsals so I always need a sharp pencil. First time I tried this I used the narrow point. It cut like butter, maybe took about six turns to go from blunt to a perfect point."
Not nearly as good as I thought it would be.
"Just got this today.  I  experimented on multiple sets and love it.  I like that it has the options of a blunt and fine point. Worked equally well on my Crayola, Quill and Rose Art. I've used Prismacolor for 30+ plus years and for me they are the best because they are wax based and love the page they go on smoothly.  I gave my daughter my large set so recently bought a small set to get by on.  My other sets tend to be more scratchy when applied. Another  reviewer mentioned the cap might break I think they might refer to the thin plastic hinge.  The lid  snaps down onto the receiving holes of the 2 sharpeners at the top so even if the hinge breaks, it will still stay on snugly.  It makes finer points suitable for outlines or blunter for shading and  I like the feature of clear plastic to see when it's full.  There are no instructions,  so I will tell you after watching some videos, that to open it, find the arrow shaped depression in the top with the clear side facing you, and push it upwards with one or 2 thumbs and it will pop off.  Not one pencil lead broke while sharpening because it only took two cranks and the job was already done!  Hope your coloring brings you joy!"
love it
Easy to hold pencil sharpener with closed top. Sharpens coloring pencils to a nice point.
Love this thing. It doesn't seem to eat colored pencils like other sharpeners do
works great
Recommend this sharpener.
Very nice!
great
"I have tried doing this several different ways and very often it will break the end of the lead and get stuck in the pencil sharpener. after removing this, it seems to happen over and over until the pencil is almost gone. when I am at home and just put it in the electric sharpener it works just fine. I feel a 25 cent sharpener would work the same or better"
Thank u
"Works way better than the cheap sharpener I got from Walmart, so far!"
Awesome!!!
Great sharpener!
"This is a fancy pencil sharpener!  It even has an artistic swirl element along the side that makes it easy to hold onto while you're twisting your pencil.
AND it allows for both types of points, the short pointy, or the long tapered;
AND it has an attached top so nothing spills out;
AND of course it has quite a large shavings container you can easily empty.
It's a great ""adult"" pencil sharpener!"
Sharpens the Prismacolored pencils great without breaking.
Xmas present for my daughter to go with the Prismacolor 72-count pencil set. She's very happy with it.
Great service and great product
"I have three different kinds of sharpeners that I've purchased for my Prismacolor and Derwent pencils.  This one is my absolute favorite.  There's two different sharpeners inside which makes it great for getting a very sharp point for detailed coloring/drawing.  The only complaint I have is that the area around the removable top tends to crack when you use it a lot (empty it) and especially if you drop it, so you'll probably end up replacing often  if you do a lot of coloring.  This is the second one I've had; the first one I bought lasted about six months.  The sharpener remains very sharp though so you can get a lot of use out of it.  I highly recommend this sharpener though because the other two I bought (one other Prismacolor and a Derwent) could hold a candle to this one."
Just as described! Great product. Has two different sharpening angles
The coloring person in the house says this one works the best.
Does not work for the Verithin Prismacolor pencils.
Cover well but don't have a lot of ink in them. First picture I colored had some outlining and it almost used the one color i chose completely up! It wasn't even that much outlining!
"Its ok, it works better than all my Pencil Sharpeners that I bought on the local stores, or walmart etc, by far this is the best manual Pencil Sharpner I had have, but some times it brokes the tip of my prismacolor premiers, but most of the time Ill say 99% of the time it works as it should."
good
Nice product fast ship
A+
"I really did not like this pencil sharpener at all.  My original cheapie works much better.  Hard to figure out how to open.  Eat up pencils, not sharpen.
Maybe I was not doing it quite right, have the prismacolor soft core and hard core pencils and did not like sharpener for either."
Great sharpener.  The perfect companion to go with our Prismacolor pencils.
"There are two different sizes on this product.  Because of that, there are poorly made and extremely fragile. It did not last me a full week. Now I did purchase another Prismacolor/Scholar pencil sharpener and it is by far the best pencil sharpener I have ever used. I will attach a pic of the really good sharpener. Just don't waste your money on this model."
Ordered this sharpener to go with my daughters Prismacolor pencils. She loves it
Great quality
"Sharpens my prismacolor pencils wonderfully. I really like that it has two holes with different settings, one a sharper thinner cut the other, equally as sharp I think, but wider."
ok
"Love this sharpner. I  love adult coloring and have tried many sharpners, this one is the greastest by far. ihave always run into my pencils breaking in other sharpners but not this one."
"This seemed to be a great sharpener for it's price, but I've used it numerous times and the sharpener breaks the lead every time I use it. I purchased the same brand colored pencils."
"This is an awesome sharpener. Makes a really nice sharp point without breaking the lead, color medium or wood. Cleaning it out is easy too."
Best sharpener
Greatest pencil sharpener EVER!!!!
The Prismacolor Line is very nice quality
"It doesn't sharpen better than a normal pencil sharpener, in fact the tips of my pencils seem to break off easier with this one."
Must have for the colored pencils
Disappointing.  Doesn't match photo at all--way little.
Always been good art supplies for sure. This sharpener should last quite a while.
A sharpener that works and doesn't break the pencil!!!
Just as described
It worked pretty good for the first few days and then stopped sharpening
No package instructions to empty after using the sharpener.
Works well & is helpful to have 2 sizes of sharpeners. Use it all the time & it's easy to empty when full of shavings.
works very well
"Great sharpener, easy to tote around with my pencils, easy to empty. I don't use it that often so I can't say how long it will stay sharp."
Love the sizes available for for sharpening.
Good for a hand sharpener
Given as a gift
Very nice
Good
Awesome.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Great product!
"So far,  so good!  This sharpener is great for my Prismacolor Premiers and the Scholar colored pencils. I suggest that you ""gently"" insert the pencil in the sharpener and gently twist the sharpener, not the pencil and it works like a dream! I did order the Scholar sharpener,  but until I receive that I'll keep using this one. I agree with one other reviewer,  stop whining and don't be so rough sharpening your pencils. I almost didn't get this sharpener, but then I read this person's review and went ahead and bought it. I'm glad that I did!"
Works gret. Thanks.....
Works well but not as sturdy as I had hoped.
niece loved this.
Nice to have a sharpener dedicated to our colored pencils with no problems.
"Nice, but nothing special then any other nice pencil sharpener."
"Very well made, sharpens all my regular and drawing pencils to a fine point."
Perfest
Great
It is hard to open and close now and then.
"Great price and great sharpener. Sharpens very well, the 2 size work quite well."
Works as intended to sharpen pencils
"I wish I had this pencil sharpener back in school. It's the best one I've ever had! Worth it!! 100%. Parents, be nice to your kids and get this for them."
Works great thanks
Very nice!
"Finally, a good pencil sharpener."
I really liked this pencil sharpener.
"Sharpens smoothly and very well, the tip is pointed but not too sharp to create breaks when applying pressure -- note: there is no solution for broken pencil leads. Fits perfectly in my hand so I'm not squeezing or forcing - I can allow the tool to do the work."
Very happy with this purchase
Sharpens pencils nicely
"I was amazed to find this bundled with the Prisma Manga colored pencil pack, and it was a great deal for both!"
It kept breaking my expensive Prismacolor pencils. You would figure it would be good quality having the same name. Not in my opinion.
been using for a while now and works very smooth.
Good sharpener but difficult to disassemble to empty shavings!
Works great on colored pencils.  Much better than my old sharpeners.
I've went through several of these type of pencil sharpeners and this one is definitely the best one I've found.
I love this pencil sharpener. It sharpens two different ways so you can choose according to the project you are working on. It arrived quickly and was packaged very good.
"My little sister wanted this for her color pencils as the lead is soft and breaks in other sharpeners. Checked up with her after a month of use and she says it works great, no more broken lead and good tips."
Love this sharpener! It's the third one I have bought. I have one and have given the other two to family members.
My go to sharpener! Doesn't break the lead and works very smoothly!
This was purchased to sharpen my Prismacolor pencils. The sharpener is defective. It only sharpens half of the pencil leaving wood on the other half. I would like to send it back.
I love the the colors
Excellent Sharpener.  Works better and easier than any I've ever used before
Got it with the pencils as a package deal. I would not have bought it if I had a choice.
This little pencil sharpener is not worth the effort.  It's very difficult to open it to throw the pencil debris away and put it back together.  I have also noticed that many of the points get broken off the pencil just when I am about to stop sharpening them.  It sharpened nicely WHEN it sharpens and I do need something mobile but will use the electric pencil sharpener when I am at home.
It works well.
This is the best hand held pencil sharpener I've ever had. It works great on prisma and other color pencils. I plan to buy another.
Better than most pencil sharpeners for fragile colored pencils
"It won't stay together. The sharpener is terrible. It's not worth all the hype that it received...will never buy it again...back to my cosmetic sharpener.
It sharpens better than anything I've tried."
"Of all the stupid companies, the most important they they forget to prodive is how to open the pencil sharpener to empty the shavings. Any loon could figure out which pencil size they are sharpening....but the hardest thing they don't put on the packaging. What clueless dimwit designed the packaging? If I could I would give this item minus stars."
Highly recommended! Exactly what I was looking for in a colored pencil sharpener. Gets my colored pencils nice and pointy sharp - exactly as they came when they were brand new.
Nice handy tool
"pretty good pencil sharpener. im not an experienced artist with color pencils- i am using prismacolor pencils, but i do notice the difference between using this sharpener versus my regular electrical one i use for pencils"
"I have bought plenty of pencil sharpeners for my kids from the store. None work all that well. The pencil point would completely fall off.
This one works great. I went ahead and ordered two more.
Highly recommend to purchase this one over everything else."
This pencil sharpener is a good one and works well with the Prismacolor Premier Pencils.
I have not been able to open and empty the pencil clippings
as expected
I use the Prismacolor pencils and this is the first sharpener I have found that is genuinely nice to the pencil. It doesn't tear it up or break the lead.
"Needed a solid pencil sharpener for my pencils when drawing, this does the job great!"
"Perfect size for my mom's arthritic hands and easy for her to manage. The top seals, so there is no loose shavings."
Ordered 2. One for me and one for granddaughter.  Works very well for both prismacolor and Crayola pencils.
Got this sharpener to keep my Prismacolor pencils in good shape.  The 2 points are perfect for a narrower point for small coloring shapes and a wider tip for bigger things to color.  Very smooth when sharpening instead of using a cheap hand sharpener.
Works very well.
great item
I absolutely love this pencil sharpener! You can use it on any pencils not just Prismacolor. Even the cheap pencils that my sharpener I paid $15 for at Walmart doesn't sharpen that good!
Shape is great and it works better than expected.
Works well to sharpen the prismacolor pencils.
Wife loves it.
Perfect for their pencils!
"Great product,  arrived in time and I saved a lot of money"
Very prompt shipment and love the product.
"no good , eats pencils. came with the prismacolor pencils, not worth anything, I threw it away"
Just as described. Very happy with product.
At first I thought I didn't need an $8 pencil sharpener so I bought a cheap one. But that one kept breaking the colors. So I went ahead and bought this pencil sharpener and it is super. Easily sharpens and does not break the color. Save some money and buy this sharpener first!!
"blades don't hold sharp edge for long, my worn out in few months,have been struggling with ever since,breaks leads,chews up wood. Over priced company brand name does not mean quality! Looking for one with replacement blades and better price."
"works great, no problems."
Christmas gift.
"Nice, additional instructions were very helpful and interesting!"
"I have tried using other pencil sharpeners for my Prismacolor colored pencils with varying success. I have found this sharpener to be a cut above all the others I've tried. The pencils get a nice sharp point with this sharpener. Breakage in the sharpener occur once in awhile, but I find that this is more a problem of the pencil having been dropped and the core being broken than the sharpener breaking the pencil."
great sharpener with 2 pencil sizes. Really like that the shavings don't go all over.
good
"My wife and daughter love theirs, best colored pencil sharpener!"
good pencil sharpner
"as described, fast delivery"
great sharpener
There are no instructions on how to open this sharpener to empty the shavings. I watched some videos online and still had a very difficult time figuring it out. There is a small notch and it looks like you can use that to pry it open (the inner circle at the top actually comes out but very hard to do so). In the process of trying to remove the top I put a tiny crack in the unit itself. Very disappointing and not worth the money.
Best deal ever!!!! Best pencils too
Very good sharpener.
k
Good
This will save many a color pencil. Great!!
Bought as a gift.
"It is nice to have the short point option, but the top hinge does not hold up well. The whole thing is unnecessarily bulky for the job it does. And there are cheaper alternatives for short points. Stabilo 4514 makes a great point and can be found for less money."
Really good sharpener especially for prismacolor pencils.
"I purchased this after Christmas to service the 150 set of Prismacolor pencils I received from Santa.  I love it.  I have a set of 24 Prismas that I purchased a few months ago, to see whether I liked the pencils before asking Santa for the full set. I used a different, generic, sharpener on them. This one works far better and much more efficiently. A couple of twists and I have a new point. I think the pencils will last much longer with this sharpener which is made especially for them.  I also love the design concept. It looks nice sitting on my desk, where I do the bulk of my coloring in adult coloring books."
Very good sharpener!
"Needed a sharpener, so far do good!"
This was a gift and they are very happy with it.
These are the only sharpeners I use because with the 2 sizes it gives me the option of the point I want on the pencil.
Nothing special about this sharpener
work for other different brand of color pencil well too
it looks just like the picture and works great thank you..
"Is it me? This sharpener is fairly inadequate. My tips keep breaking and jamming the sharpener, forcing me to use my vintage hand crank sharpener which seems to be wasting the pencils."
good
"It is a little difficult to empty, but once you get the hang of it its no problem. I love that it has the two seperate slots and I have never ever had any issues with breakage or anything like that. Great sharpener."
This is difficult to open and empty. Caused a huge mess as I struggled to open the sharpener. I told my daughter not to use it as it is not worth it. Better to hold a cheap little pencil sharpener over the trash can than mess around with this thing.
Item performs as described is an excellent product.
USEFUL
"This sharpen is so great, very sharp and gives you a choice for the kind of points you want on your pencil"
"I am very disappointed in this sharpener since i only got to sharpen about three pencils twice, now the sharpener does nothing.  Its as if the blades of the sharpener are dull.  A waste of $7.00"
Mist have if you have prisma pencils!  Great sharpener that actually gives your pencils a very nice sharpe point without eating half your pencil in the process.  Will buy more to have for all of us in house.
Best pin celebration sharpener yet.
"The main compartment opens when I want to open just the lid to sharpen my pencil. Would be great if it opened on the bottom for cleaning out rather than the top. Otherwise, love the two sharpening sizes."
Not real sharp my prismacolor pencils break off after finally getting sharpened
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE these pencils!!!!!!!! Soooo much better than any other pencils I've used before. I will certainly be back for more!!!
Gave to daughter-in-law; she was very happy it.
Great product.
"Sharpens colored pencils without eating up the pencil. Smooth cuts in two sizes.  Easy to use, easy to empty."
"Sharpener  was the best,,,, it's well worth the price  which wasn't  that expensive for such a great  tool"
works great perfect for soft and harder penciles
Great!
Double color penscil so made one color not there one was cracked very disappointed
"Bought this as a gift, he states that it works beautifully for his prismacolor pencils, and it has a large chamber so it doesn't need emptied constantly. Highly recommend!"
Not the quality I expected.
Works well
works great!
Excellent addition to any drawing enthusiast pencil set
I love this sharpener It gives me a sharp point without eating up a lot of pencil and allows me to achieve better detail.
Nice sharpener....I tried a different one and it didn'the sharpen them as well as this one.
Works well
Perfect sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils. Love the choice between wide and sharp.
Works really well.  Can get a very sharp tip without breakage.
Works better than any we've tried in this past.
Pencils are now sharp.
Perfect!
I am very satisfied with my purchase.
it SHARPENS a lot
Best sharpener for the prismacolor oencils. MUST HAVE for them!
"I wanted to love this sharpener, sadly mine has a defect that causes the sharpener to leave a grove or cut into the wood of the pencil. Also when sharpening I've noticed it breaking and slivering off the top of the lead."
"I'm always looking a good pencil sharpener that will last. When I got this pencil sharpener, I was pleasantly surprised to see how sturdy this one is. This sharpener also comes with the option to sharpen your pencil into a fine point or a broad point. I like having this option for when I want to shade or do fine details in my work.
However, I did have to look up how to open the sharpener, and the first time I opened it, it was hard to get the top. Also, the plastic bit that says Prismacolor on it that you have to slide off first to empty the sharpener can be difficult to get back on.
Overall, I love having this pencil sharpener. It works well both for colored pencils and grafite pencils."
Excellent! A must for anyone who loves colouring
"I got this sharpener to go with a set of the Prismacolor coloring pencils that I bought as a gift.  The sharpener has a wide point and a sharp point sharpening slots.  The quality of the sharpener is good and this sharpens the coloring pencils with no issues or breakage.  The sharpener has a shaving compartment that prevents a mess which is easy to open and empty.  It is small and compact and easy to carry around without taking up too much room.  The blades are sharp and do the job well.  I do think the sharpener is a bit pricey at 7 dollars as compared to other brands.

4 stars"
"I thought it was a bit ridiculous to pay this much for a pencil sharpener, but it came in a bundle with pencils and blending pencils, so I figured I'd give it a try to see if it was any better than the $1 sharpener I got at the grocery store. Turns out, it is better. I had a couple pencils that had a flaw in the wood that made them hard to sharpen - I'd get a crack in the wood, then the lead would crack. Really frustrating. This one managed to smoothly sharpen those pencils so I can actually use them for more than ten seconds. I guess the difference is the sharpness of the cutting edge? In any case, it will be interesting to see how long this stays as sharp, but if it does dull, I'll buy another one rather than wasting money on one that doesn't work from the start."
Lid broke within the first couple times of using it.
Great for sharpening special pencils
Sharpens nicely and works well with prismacolor pencils.
As advertised.
Best sharpener. Thank you
This was part of a Christmas gift and I've gotten nothing but a positive response.
"I honestly thought pencil sharpenets were all the same until I got this one. Feels like a high end one and the pencils are always beautifully sharpened, and the tips don't break while sharpening."
The artist that I bought the pencils for loves it.
"This is a great sharpener with two different sharpening options: wide and thin. We use it for coloring pencils as it allows to selectively sharpen depending on the need. For super precise lines you would us the thin sharpening hole, and for other needs you use the wider hole.
It's held up well, over a year of use and we've had no issues sharpening regular 2HB wood pencils or the coloring pencils.
It has a cover that protects the holes that's a bit cumbersome to open up, you need long nails to pry it open often. We ended up breaking the cover but it's no big deal. It's a bit pricey but worth it."
sharpens sharp
As expected and great price!
Perfect accessory.
Works very good. Doesn't use a lot of the pencil up as long as you're careful.
Great
works great
works good
Haven't tried it yet but my daughter has one and likes it alot
Loved it works well
Does the job great !  Good price
works perfectly
"This little book has beautiful, quick, and easy pictures. It is perfect for when you want to color but limited by time or on the go. Gel pens bleed through the paper some if you are light handed."
Bought this as an extra to go along with the Prismacolor Pencil set I got.
very nice
Nice addition to my art material collection!
"Easy to use, works very well, no mess"
This pencil sharpener actually sharpens pencils very neatly and completely.
Great Product
Great quality!
Sharpener did exactly what it was designed to do.  Thanks so much.  Great for Prismacolor pencils.
"If you have Prismacolor pencils, you need to invest in this sharpener. The cores of the pencils are extremely soft, causing the tips to break if used in any other sharpener. This sharpener is made for these pencils, and you will save money by using the right kind of sharpener with the right pencils."
This was a gift so I can't comment
Very good color for me I enjoy the pigments of colors.
Gift recipient loved it!
arrived on time and as expected
Works good with the pencils.
It's a bit of money just for a pencil sharpener but it does the job with out eating my pencil and breaking the lead.
Works great with my daughter's Prismacolor pencils.
I'm so glad I bought this with the color pencils it sharpens them so nice
So happy these came before they were supposed to.  I have no duplicates and they came in perfect condition!
"Really nice pencil sharpener. Blades are nice and sharp, so it doesn't ""skip"" the way a lot of sharpeners do, which means it never wastes lead, not even the soft cores of Prismacolor pencils. It took me a few minutes to figure out how to open it to empty it, but I figured out that all I needed to do was press my thumb to the little divot in the top, and it pops right off."
The sharpeners work well.  It has leaked shavings on occasion which is why I docked one star.  I've not used it a lot yet and I'm also a bit concerned the plastic hinge for the lid won't last but only time will tell.
She loves them!
fancy sharpener!! my daughter loves it.
"works Very well!  A problem...  I believe replaceable blades are available for this pencil sharpener.  The blades wear out quite literally, and the blade edge disintigrates.  This causes the next pencil to break the lead."
This sharpener is ideal for the Prismacolor Pencils
Seems to work well.
Even though it is a manual pencil sharpener it works good even over time. Most of the manual sharpeners I have had previously work well for a while and then don't do so well. This one has stayed sharp for me.
Pencils are good. Would be better if the color name on the pencils would be in some other color than gold. The gold lettering is very difficult to read.
Good quality product.  Keeps pencils nice and sharp for coloring detailed images.
"It works well, but the top falls off."
replacement blades are available for this sharpener
"Major difference between a regular sharpener and this one. I was like what is the difference, but there is.
Just go for it, you will not regret it. Specially if you are using expensive coloring pencils like the Prismacolors."
Reasonably priced!
This is great.
Excellent
Handy
Love and I like that he has to sharpening blades so you don't eat up your pencil so fast
"I used this one, One time, and had to look at the blade on the sharpener to see who made it, It's the Most Perfect sharpener I have now, and Sure enough, MADE IN GERMANY stamped on the blade, Germany is renowned for precision in a few things, Blades being one, My collection of Straight Razors are from there, Solingen.

These are going to be my permanent Hand Sharpeners for some time now.
."
Very nice sharpener
The only Sharpener I trust for my Pencils
works great!
"I thinks it's convenient to be able to choose 2 ways to sharpen my pencils though I prefer a sharp point most of the time. This shapens great most of the time but I do get the occasional lead breaking or wood being chewed, however this makes he more the pencil vs sharpener(?)"
Very nice I like it.
Quality sharpener that you need for the quality of pencils Prismacolor makes.
"If I am hand sharpening, this is the sharpener I always go after to use.  It sharpens just enough of the pencil and sharpens evenly all the way around the pencil.  It also gives me two choices as to long thin or shorter and stubbier point, depending on what I am working on with the pencil.  Like I said, It is the hand sharpener I go to first!"
"Very sharp however doesn't sharp evenly, getting a better result with a .99 cents sharpener at Walmart"
have not tried - XMAS Present
Purchased as a gift.  Receiver loved it.
Great grip on hand and pencil. Never chips or breaks the lead
"If you are tired of cheap pencil sharpeners ""eating"" too much or breaking the soft lead of expensive art pencils than you need this. I don't wish to run through my pencils prematurely because I didn't handle them properly & every sharpening method I tried before this one did exactly. It is smooth & has given me a perfect point every time, regardless of type, brand, length, etc. This sharpener even gives you two point options - one lengthens the point & the other sharpens while keeping it squat. I have found each type has pros & cons depending on what you're doing with it but either are helpful under separate circumstances."
"After reading several reviews, I bought this to sharpen my Prismacolor pencils and wasn't going to take a chance at wasting them with other sharpeners! It sharpens perfectly, and I haven't had any problems with it at all!! :) Very happy with my purchase!"
"My granddaughter, the artist just loves them."
Amazed at this hand held sharpener!!
This is the best sharpener for Prismacolor pencils. I should have bought this with the pencils. It creates 2 types of points and never breaks the points.
"I used this pencil sharpener while in drawing classes in college. Well made, and great for the Prismacolor pencils. I'd used a variety of sharpeners and always came back to this one specifically for my Prismacolor pencils. I never used it on other brands since we had to use Prismacolor, but I found it to be a great sharpener with less waste and breakage than others."
"They're ok for my Prismacolor pencils. They still sometimes break, but they do come out sharp."
I absolutely love this sharpener! I'm using it on my Sargent colored pencils and it works amazing. Sharpener them and they look brand new like I've never used them!! Love love love it.
Works great to sharpen the prisma pencils.  Better than a regular pencil sharpener .  2 different sharpening shapes
This came free with my set 12/15/16. It feels so nice in your hand and when you sharpen your high dollar pencils with it. I love the fact that you can sharpen your pencil to a long are a short point. And it cuts like butter. I think it's a must have.
For a battery pencil sharpener ( I was skeptical ) it is wonderful. Does agree at job sharpening . Easy to empty & clean. Tha batteries last a long time too
Just PERFECT FOR PRISMACOLOR SET!!
"BEST PENCIL SHARPENER EVER,, NEVER HAD ONE LIKE THIS ONE."
Sharpens pencils! What can I say..
"This is one of my favorite pencil sharpeners, and I have tons. I love to color, and an electric sharpener doesn't always work. This sharpener works for some of my most uncooperative pencils. I can sharpen pencils without constantly breaking them. It sharpens evenly, too, and slices with ease, so it doesn't leave a wood overhang at the tip. I also love the option of choosing the shape of the lead, and whether I want it longer or shorter, my point always comes out sharp. I thought the reservoir for shavings was a little small, but it doesn't fill up that quickly, because it only takes a couple twists to fully sharpen a pencil. If you like to color or draw, I'd suggest this sharpener."
I love this sharpener ! Works well
This sharpener works great! I have 2 different type of electric pencil sharpeners and a couple hand ones and this is by far the only one that works well on my Prismacolor Premier pencils.  Super easy to use and easy to haul with me.
"I have had several pencil sharpeners.  This one is the best.  It doesn't make the points break as you labor to sharpen your precious, expensive colored pencil."
"Sharpens nicely for awhile, then the blade goes dull and it works like crap. Not to mention removing the cap to empty the shavings is really annoying, not really that obvious."
"I am glad I followed the advice to get this with my pencils. Works perfectly. My brother-in-law used my pencils, but a regular sharpener and I lost inches of pencils because of it. Seller was lickity split, as well."
Does a wonderful job.
good sharpener - you may have to search youtube to figure out how to empty it.
"Good sharpener. Use it often, and keeps the area clean. Easy to empty"
A bit over priced but works well.
"Bought the sharpener for the Prismacoloor pencils to be sure my granddaughter had a good quality sharpener for her beautiful new pencils.  The sharpener does two different tips on the pencils so you can choose according to what you are creating at the time.  She is very happy with this nice, sharp little wonder.  So that makes me happy!"
Consistently breaks the tip off my colored pencils
Good 
Above average colored pencil sharpener
great
"good with the pencils that are prismacolor brand, they can break off in other sharpeners, this one is good for them."
Wonderful!!!
Works great
Worst sharpener ever. It has broken every pencil head off and does not sharpen. I literally had to break it just to throw away the pencil shavings because it would not come apart. My pencils are expensive and it has broken around 5 of them.
"Works as advertised. Like to snap lid on it, which keeps things neat between uses."
Love this pencil sharpener I'd like to take it to school and sharpen the kids pencils I think it's wonderful
One of the best pencil sharpeners ever! Totally worth every penny.
NO
Hands down thee best pencil sharpener I've ever used!
THE WORST PENCIL SHARPENER EVER>  MY WALMART SHARPENER WORKS BETTER> FEEL VERY CHEATED
"Until my granddaughter uses it, I can't give it a 5."
"This is the worst pencil sharpener that I have ever owned or used. I bought my sharpener at Walmart, so this review bears no reflection on Amazon.
The sharpener falls apart every time I use it.  It chews pencils apart and doesn't give  ,
a nice sharp point.  This is a piece of junk. I paid for the name of Prismacolor and all I got was a bunch of pencil stubs that say Prismacolor.

ay Prismacolor.

apart pencils"
"Handy Pencil Sharpener for my Prismacolor Colored Pencils. Now I have EVERYTHING I need to sit and relax and have fun with my ""adult"" coloring books - just have to make more time for coloring, that is!"
"Works great for sharpening my Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, 2 points. Thanks."
Works well
"Works good, at first a little difficult to open."
This is probably the best pencil sharpener I have ever purchased.  It is sharper than most.  The only criticism I have is the design.  It is difficult to open.  I purchased another as a gift to a friend who was having trouble with her lead breaking in her old pencil sharpener.  She was really excited with its sharpness and good point on her art pencils.
Works great with PrismaColor colored pencils. Easy to empty without all the mess.
"I have several sharpeners, and this is the one I use most. I almost removed one star since the blades aren't replaceable, but I decided not to reduce the rating since you can buy 4 of these great sharpeners for only $15, and that will last even frequent colorists like me at least a year.

Some people are reporting difficulty sharpening and breakage with this sharpener. While you may have a defective set of pencils, the issue also may be with your sharpening technique. I prefer a wide sharpener for pencils that are as soft as the Prismacolor Premiers, which will give you the sort of shallow sharpening the pencils have when you receive them. You're MUCH more likely to experience excessive breakage if you do a long, narrow sharpening like you might with a graphite or harder colored pencil. Yes, you'll have to sharpen more often, but exposing a lot of the core is much of what leads to breakage.

Also, be sure to hold the pencil lightly in the sharpener and turn the sharpener, not the pencil. You can't jam these into a sharpener and turn the pencil to grind them down like you can with a graphite pencil. You're not on a timer when you're sharpening, so check periodically to see if your point is where you want it to be. I use the wide opening for the softer pencils like the Premiers and the narrow opening for the harder ones like the Verithins. If you're feeling drag and hanging when you're sharpening even though you're using the correct technique, it's time to replace the sharpener, or to replace the blades if you're using a sharpener that allows that.

Just a tip for those of you using the Prismacolor pencils and not just the sharpeners. If you happen to get your pencils during a time you have a warm, sunny spot to set them for a while, you will probably head off some problems if you go ahead and do it rather than waiting to see if you have fractured cores. You never know what these things are going to go through in shipping. Just set all the trays out and roll the pencils after about half an hour, leave them for another half hour, and you should be all set.

Hope this helps!"
"Using the small hole, and then the larger hole keeps my prisma premier  colored pencil  lead from breaking. It is the best sharpener I have ever used for my press my pencils."
"This works perfectly with my Prismacolor pencils.  It has two choices of sizes for sharpening to a thin or wider point.  However, I had a hard time figuring out how to open it and ended up pulling off the wrong part.  Now it always pulls off when I need to remove the lid for opening.  If you don't make my mistake, it may work better for you."
"After trying multiple sharpeners, I have now tossed all but this one.  I was shocked at just how great this sharpener worked for all my pencils!  Others hurt my arthritic hands to use, this one makes sharpening SO easy!!  The first time I needed to empty it was a bit tough getting the top off.  Thought I was doing something wrong so I googled it and found a YouTube video (someone else apparently had the same issue).  Kept trying and it worked - and got easier after getting it apart the first time.  I'm sure they are machine-made so the top is just tight from that."
TOP BROKE OFF RIGHT AWAY
Works nicely - have gotten a few pencils down to little nubs.
I want the sharpener that comes with the Prisma color pencils (72) - please order them together.
I use this sharpener a lot with all my pencil brands and it works just great.
chews pencils up a little bit. but works quite well.
super!
love it
"I've been coloring for stress relief since long before adult coloring came into vogue so I have been slowly adding to my colored pencil collection over the years and just recently invested in the Prismacolor Scholar colored pencils - not the best or the priciest, but more than I'd invested before. Now, I don't know if I was doing something wrong (I mean, how many techniques are there?) but the sharpener kept eating my carefully used colored pencils - So every time the lead would break I would wince in sorrow! lol ...Since then I've found an electric sharpener (Etekcity Electric Pencil Sharpener, Automatic Feed and Dispense) here in Amazon that has worked amazingly well with all of my colored pencils - I very rarely have a lead break and the sharpener produces sharp pencils in a couple of seconds! I would never use anything else!"
2 tpes of sharp is better. does not break tips often. cleans easy.
"Extremely sharp, even, produces a fine, strong point on my aquamonothlith colored pencils!"
nice
"This pencil sharpener provides a very sharp, clean tip for my Prismacolor pencils.  I was quite pleased since the previous Prismacolor pencil sharpener I had purchased a year ago ( the single-holed sharpener) did not provide as sharp an edge.  I did watch the video to be sure I knew exactly how to sharpen the pencil - that sounds scary, but it does make a difference how you hold the pencil, the pressure applied, and whether you turn the pencil or the sharpener or both.  I encourage anyone contemplating a purchase of this sharpener to view the video."
"Works well, as described"
One of the best dual sharpeners out there! Well worth the price!
This sharpener tends to catch the core of the color pencils causing them to break. The small metal sharpener works better.
Great sharpener really does a good job.
This sharpener works perfectly.  And with the  different choices you can have a long tip or a shorter sharp tip depending on your preference. Sharpens like a dream.
Great product.
A S S
By FAR the best pencil sharpener ever! I love it! Makes the pencils even last longer because they don't break off inside the sharpener.
Worked as advertised.
My grandchildren love to do artwork and this pencil sharpener works great for them.
Easy to use
Love the sharpener for the pencils. I broke my first one trying to empty the shaving. There were no instructions included. I found a video on you tube which helped.
"For starters, I would like to say this is a wonderful pencil sharpener that has done a fantastic job of keeping my graphite pencils sharp without breaking them. That and its ability to keep the shaving collector on tight (thus keeping the mess out of my art bag and pencil case) is worth five stars alone.

I do have one qualm with it, however, which I suspect has to do with its excellent seal. Removing the top to empty the collector does not feel intuitive, and I admittedly had to find a tutorial to figure out how to do it without breaking it. Included is a picture for others who may struggle in popping the top off of this. Hopefully, it helps others who might therwise be prevented from enjoying this handy little sharpener."
Works great for colored pencils
"Small and easy to fit in with class materials. Clean, sharp points .  Does a good job."
standard
A little disappointed in the fact the thin tip side of the sharpener doesnt fit the pencil well and causes the pencil tip to break. The wide tip side works great.
nice to carry with
Well at first I really liked this sharpener-but when to trying to open it I broke the black sleeve that is on. I was able to get the top off once. I have since tried again to pull up from the top and it is too tight-can't open. Very dissappointed.
sharpens well
"ate my pencils. I love the Prisma products but not this one. However they did refund my money
Thank You"
"Nice sharpener, designed a little oddly but other then that works great, sharpens pencils nicely, I got it specifically for my prismacolor colored pencils."
sharpens good
"Love this!  It's such a simple device but it makes live with prismacolor pencils so much better! I find regular pencil sharpeners tend to break my lead too easy, but this is perfect!  Will definitely be getting it again when needed!"
"I got this sharpener because of the 2 blades allowing to have a long or a wide point. However, the wide one doesn't have the same shape as prismacolor Soft core pencils! I sharpened a few pencils before realizing it. Those pencils have now an uneven point."
"Challenging to empty, however, great product."
"This sharpener is much better than what I was using before. Works quite well, clean and smooth sharpening, handy and well-made."
"I had such high hopes for this sharpener! I'm not sure if I have a faulty blade or what but every time I go to sharpen by pencils they sort of get stuck as I turn and therefore I am unable to get a long fine tip. I can get somewhat of a fine tip if I use the wider hole. However, when you use the wider option the lead is much shorter (the result is similar to how the pencils come sharpened originally). Overall, the sharpener did not achieve the results I was looking for and I will have to hunt for a superior product replacement."
It's a Prisma color product!  Need I say more?
"Seriously, it breaks every one of my pencil, maybe I am not sharpening pencil in the right way? But that never happens to other pencil sharpeners before, or I could get a bad one, it literally wasted half of the box of pencil, I am disappointed and heartbreaking, I am even using it to sharpen the pencil from the same brand, how could it went wrong?!"
great sharpener
This is probably the best pencil sharpener that I have ever used! Totally worth every penny! Thanks Prismacolor for your continued excellence in your products!
good
"I have arthritis in my hands. Sharpening my pencils can wear on my hands, before I even begin to color, draw or paint with my watercolor pencils! This tool is easy and comfortable to hold. I also really like the fact that it contains both a wide and narrow sharpener. Use the wide slot to start your pencil, then the narrow slot to sharpen it to the point you need for detail work."
"Great product, sharpens really well"
Works great.
OK
Great color pencil sharpener.
As described
Excellent quality.
Perfect pencil every time.  Love the two level of sharpening depends on the pencil or color pencil.  More expansive but worth it.
"Love prismacolor, always have always will, nothing compares!"
"The pencil sharpener is working great. I had bought another pencil sharpener earlier, but this is my favorite!"
"The sharpener works great but the top doesn't fit tightly, if I knock it over the top comes off and the shavings spill out."
This works well but for some reason it is not my favorite manual sharpener. I think its the flip top lid that bugs me.
really good sharpener
Sharpened my pencil maybe twice and it started to break the point every time I sharpened my pencil. Maybe one of the worst sharpeners i have used.
"I Love this sharpener!! It makes the best put of all my pencils!! I highly recommend if you color with pencils, get this sharpener!!"
"This ABSOLUTELY the best sharpener I have ever used!  You have a choice of two different point lengths and both sharpen to a point!  A small caveat though, when using sharpener with your Premier pencils, you still need to take care.  I use the shorter/wide point length and I am careful when I sharpen them to keep the soft lead from breaking up in the pencil.  I'm sure all you colored pencil users know what I'm talking about.  For regular graphite pencils, these sharpen right to a point easily.  I am taking math classes and tutoring algebra so I like a sharp pencil.  I've tried a bunch of different sharpeners out, and have found a couple good ones (always made of metal).  But this one is the bomb!!  I love it.  I bought two for myself and one for a gift.  I showed it to a friend at work who immediately ordered four of them for her and her family.  Can't say enough good things about it."
"This is great for sharpening my prismacolor color pencils. It sharpens colorpencils to a fine point. I've used normal sharpeners for my colorpencils before, but they often just break the lead for my prismacolors, probably because the blades weren't sharp enough. But these perform very well, I love that there's a specification for what each hold for sharpening does. I was honestly a bit confused when I had to empty out the sharpener. After taking off the somewhat bulky black exterior thing, I noticed that the cap is actually very thing and I had to pry it apart from the rest of the sharpener with my nails."
"Worth every penny.  I've tried so many other sharpeners for pencils, this gives a nice point you can actually use and get in small places."
Prismacolor are amazing but always broken with all kind of sharpener so i decide to by the one for prisma and also the same problem happened . Disappointed
"Excellent sharpener, has not broken lead yet!"
Best sharpener for my prismacolors!
Very sharp no mess
Smooth clean sharpening!  No waste I g my pencil's. Great sharpener. Worth the money!
"The best sharpener I've came across. I love the two different sizes combined in one jar. Obviously it's made that way for the Premiers and the VeriThin pencils, but I've used this sharpener on multiple brands of pencils."
"I do like this sharpener, I use it for my Prismacolor colored pencils.  It does a great job and I rarely lose the ""lead"" when I sharpen them.  I do, however, wish it were made a little better.  It was hard to empty and the top has come off of it already.  It is still functional though so I don't really see it as that big a problem."
everything came in as ordered and came in as specified.very pleased
looks ok
Awesome sharpener for the price.
Good sharpener
"Hard to open without eventually breaking the top lid off. Once it's broken, hard to empty the sharpner."
Once I figured out how to empty it and did it about 5 times the plastics began to crack and now the lid won't stay on.  junk!
"I have a few pencil sharpeners lying around the house, but this one is my favorite by far! Sharp and seems to cut colored pencils a lot better than cheaper sharpeners. I want another for my office now. Love it!"
Works great with prisma pencils
sharpens pencils...
"At first I thought this was a horrible product.  Kept breaking my pencils and i filled the container rather quickly.  Then I thought three was no way they would put the prismacolor name on something that didn't work.  So, I tried again, this time not pushing so hard.  Also barely scraping the surface.  It takes a little longer but I actually waste very little of my pencil.  Now the reservoir is barely filling & I am getting some amazing tips.  So, don't give up!  Just be patient and apply very little pressure, be amazed! Update: I love this sharpener. Crappy lid though. I just sharpened 10 pencils and the container is barely half full. Works on all my pencils, not just prismacolor. Difference in the tips are barely noticable but there is a difference. I wanted to upload pictures but i don't see the option to."
the best hand held pencil sharpener for colored pencils!! works awesome
Great item to use for my Prisma Color colored pencils!
"I recently purchased this Prismacolor pencil sharpener for the prismacolor pencils I have. I originally had the Prismacolor Scholar pencil sharpener, but I became frustrated with the tips of the pencils breaking  whenever I used it. I bought this one, hoping that a more expensive sharpener would get better results.  Unfortunately, I still get broken leads very frequently.  Maybe there is something I am doing incorrectly,  but I just can't get it to work for the prismacolors. That being said, I get much better results when sharpening other pencils - Derwent, watercolor pencils, etc."
I have been using prismacolor's premiere set for years and I find that pencils can be wasted by self sharpening with even the best precision because they are so soft and creamy. Great to have two angles.
Works great! I don't use Prisma's but I've used this on regular pencils and it's perfect.
"This is a great sharpener for getting a really sharp point on your really soft colored pencils. I have found a few tricks that help with that as well. Insert the pencil and rotate the sharpener, not the pencil. It helps to hold the sharpener upside down and the pencil point up, this puts less pressure on the pencil and may prevent the sharp tip from just breaking right off. I have worn down many pencils that way! I have also learned that if you bake your prismacolor pencils, any cracks or breaks inside the wooden casing will be repaired and that also prevents your fresh sharp point from breaking right off. If you want details on how to do this, you are welcome to contact me!"
Best pencil sharpener on the planet!
I love my shop window and when you order some more thank you.
Works great! Love the container that catches the pencil shavings. Can be a little tricky putting the sharpener back together after emptying shavings but I think that's user error not product design... Has dual sharpeners for different length and circumference of coloring product.
"This little pencil sharpener is absolutely the best way to sharpen Prismacolor Pencils. Electric pencil sharpeners can easily remove 1/3 of the pencil in one sharpening. Other handheld sharpeners leave the lead exposed which results in the lead breaking easily. You can feel the difference in the way this one sharpens your pencil. It feels clean and smooth and leaves a solid point. With the amount of sharpening I do, this will save me a great deal of money.
Thank you for a superior product."
Very good!
Sharpers sharp and without making the pencil point uneven or fragile.
Bad sharpener
The top sometimes comes off in my bag which makes a mess but otherwise great sharpener.
Excellent quality. Best sharpener I have found.
"I wish i had bought this sharpener sooner, instead of using a regular pencil sharpener, the regular ones always made my pencils break, this works amazingggggg on prismacolor pencils."
Great sharpener. Handy and easy to hold.
Excellent product! Anyone who uses colored pencils knows what it's like to find a great sharpener! It creates a clean point every time with the choice of a broad tip or sharp. Product arrived on time and was properly packaged.
Great little sharpener would highly recommend
"This product is really work well. But I have been trying to figure how to open it for 5 mins until I find there is a instructions on Utube, that would be help you to learn how to open this before you destroying it :)"
Good sharpener - but had to look on YouTube to find out how to empty it.
Works great with there pencils
As a manual pencil sharpener this is the best one I have tried. I use it constantly and like it a lot.
Pencil sharpener great for colors pencils
"I would try a different sharpener next time but this will get me by for now. I like that it is easy to empty and can be easily carried anywhere you want to travel and color. However, I only use the small sharpener on the left because the larger on the right really makes the lead too long and it bulges out around where the wood ends; I was wasting a lot more of the pencil on the right because the point doesn't last long and I would have to sharpen a lot longer for the long tip. I was also expecting a higher quality blade inside, sometimes it really struggles shaving them evenly unless I set it on a table and use both hands to guide the pencil in perfectly straight because the opening is much larger than the diameter of the pencil and they wiggle all over when I try to sharpen, resulting in jagged pencil tips which are not great for small detail. Perhaps I got a defective one with dull blades but I would recommend looking into higher quality sharpeners in the future."
Will be an x-mas gift
Love this AND VERY fast delivery! Will purchase again. Thank you!
great item fast deivery
Perfect!
"This sharpener is the best I have tried so far. Some of the others just chewed away at the pencil, breaking lead along the way."
My daughter loves it. Perfect for her Prismacolor pencils. Thank you.
very well pleased
Works as advertised and is very convenient to use.
First manual pencil sharpener I've bought that really works. Creates a fine point. Super sharp. I'm getting another one!
Works great with Prismacolor pencils. One does not have to find a pencil sharpener when your pencils become dull.
lovely
Wonderful sharpener!
"Best little sharpener I have ever used and I have many.  Points rarely break
when in the sharpening process.  It is small, handy and a great shapener.
I rarely ever use my electric sharpener now as this makes the perfect point and
saves my precious colored pencils  I have a few other styles of Prismacolor
pencil sharpeners, but this particular one is by far superior."
Top keeps falling off.
"Okay, so this sharpener has a learning curve. I didn't know there was such a thing. Seems simple. Insert pencil, turn, sharpen. Take top off, dump out shavings.  Simple. It's not that simple. So I thought you had to remove the outside sleeve to get the top off. You do not. The little lid that covers the hole is on a base that removes completely. The top( the lid, and the part that holds the sharpener) is held on by a groove and two little ridges of plastic that click together with corresponding grooves in the lid.. Twisting will un-align the ridges, and you might break the lip of the cup by trying to remove it by force. If you line everything up, it comes off easily enough.
When I first tried using it,I was dissapointed and thought that Prismacolor had finally let me down. I have have Prismacolor blenders and Magic Rub Eraser, and Prismacolor Premier colored pencils. I have the Verithin Line and am getting the Cool Erase. I bought the Beginning Manga set for my sister and felt it was high time to get a sharpener. I was dissapointed at first.
Then I figured everything out.
Once you get past the first curve, everything is good. This sharpener looks attractive and stylish, and it works well. Form follows function, and it takes pencils mangled by other sharpeners and cleans them up, sharpening them to a fine point. Regular graphite pencils, wax based colored pencils, watercolor pencils, graphite and oil based colored pencils and even chalk pastels; it sharpens them all nicely. I would recommend this sharpener, and only gave it 4 stars because of the learning curve.
However, if you have a sharpener that works well and doesn't give you issues, then unless you like collecting art supplies like I do, you might not need this one."
"Gave it to my niece for a gift, she loves it."
"Works great, especially love the two different sharpening angles (sharp) and (wide)."
Purchased as a gift for a teenage family member.  Looks exactly as pictured online.
"A little tricky to open, but once you understand to pop the top off from its side, it's a perfect pencil sharpener. Small, easy, durable."
"A great sharpener!  I got this sharpener to use with my prismacolor colored pencils I got for christmas, but it works equally as well with plain old number #2 pencils.  The lid is hinged so it can stay covered so none of the shavings will fall out of the bottom trap/container if you need to wait to empty the sharper and have to throw it in an art kit or even your bag.  Great product."
Works perfectly with my Prismacolor pencils. A bit difficult to open but once you figure it out is a charm to work.
Good
"Good sharpener, as long as it lasts. The plastic around the rim kept chipping off and I finally gave up and threw it away."
"nice sharpener, sturdy and two size choices"
"I used this in public school constantly until the blade dulled and the plastic broke. It did a good job and sharpened many colored pencils but was not designed to last forever, years, months even under heavy use."
Does a great job.
5 Stars.
Works well with the prismacolor pencils.
excellent sharpener!
Very smooth. So much fun to use when coloring.
"I love prismacolor pencils! This sharpener is made to fit their pencils, so less is wasted or broken."
Great
Good product
Wonderful sharpener though I struggle sometimes keeping the cap firmly down....but it makes a sharp point without breaking the tips off
excellent quality
"Best pencil sharpener I have ever purchased. It has two choices for sharpening, and a convenient catch-all for the shavings. I would reccomend to everyone!"
Works excellent if used like the instructions say...meaning you hold the pencil still and turn the sharpener around it.
Very Good!!!
I ordered this for my daughter. She said it works great.
This sharpener has two different hole sizes and the size that makes the tip very pointy has chewed up four of my prismacolor colored pencils so far.  The other hole size has done an OK job.  Would not recommend this product.
This sharpener works pretty well but the blades dull after about 2 weeks of use. It is expensive for something that quits working properly so soon. The lead breaks and crumbles when it starts getting dull.
"This is so annoying that I'm just about to take a hammer and smash this thing to smithereens. I should never have to read tutorials and watch videos on how to empty a silly sharpener. But I did anyway, just because at this hour of the night I need it. And nothing works. I held it in every position known to man, trying to pry it open. The top will not come off, period. There's a video online because there are so many of us who can't use this thing more than once.  I'm done with Prismacolor. No serious company can put out a product like this on the market. It should have been recalled instantly."
good product
"Great sharpener--got it to go with my new Prismacolor pencils--if you are going to spend that much on colored pencils, no reason to ""cheap out"" on the sharpener--this is great!!"
Best pencil sharpener ever!  THANK YOU
OK
Good product
"I've only used this sharpener about six times and today when I tried to open it to empty the shavings the plastic top broke off the unit making it impossible to get the shavings out without wedging something against one of the sharpening blades to pry it the unit out of the casing so I could empty the shavings.  Of course, the whole unit is useless now because every time I want to use it, I'll have to pry the sharpener out of the casing each time.  Also, I was sharpening Prismacolor Verithin pencils with it and it broke almost every pencil until it broke and I started to use a cheap old fashioned open sharpener and now I'm not chewing up my expensive Prismacolor pencils with the sharpener.  So, save your money and just go old school!"
Works great.
This is an excellent tool! Works well. Is easy to clean or replace dull blades. cuts smoothly. A reasonably priced and useful bit of lo-tech machinery.
Great!!
"Perfect sharpener for your Prismacolor pencils! Nice and sharp with two separate sharpening slots for wide or narrow sharpening. Easy to empty, ergonomic, and just the right size."
great quality!
"Works great with my Prismacolor Premier pencils.  It has two holes for sharpening, one for a thicker and one thinner point.  To empty, the top part pulls off and then you just push it back on the sharpener.  If you have colored pencils, you need a sharpener."
Works amazing! A must buy for prisma colored pencils.
Useful
Works great
The two types of sharpening is a great idea
Good quality sharpener. Definitely better than any of the sharpeners I've found in stores. Glad I bought it.
Doesn't sharpen so good. I bought an electric sharpener instead.
Works great
"I'm really enjoying this sharpener.  It's solid and high quality without being clunky or hard to keep with you when you need it.

It works very well.  I get a beautiful, fine point on pencils quickly, without shredding or breaking the pencil like some cheaper sharpeners do.  I use Prismacolor Premier pencils with it (which are very soft) and Crayolas (which aren't) and get good results with both.

It is easy to empty, once you know how to, but still securely stores shavings until you are ready to do so.  The lid over the sharpener hole also prevents shavings from falling out accidentally.

Finally, the thing is just sleek and attractive - and I really never thought I'd say that about a pencil sharpener."
Woks fantastic. Love the fine point.
As described.
"Nice little pencil sharpener. Perfect for my Prismacolor colored pencils. Works well. They rarely break inside it. Great product, great price. No problems!"
Thanks
Really nice gets my prismas nice and sharp
Works well but a little difficult to open to remove shavings.
"Don't think you're being fooled in to buying a name just because it matches that of your coloring pencils. I had bought two other sharpeners prior to this one thinking that there's no way this one would be anything special. Though the others were able to do an ok just sharpening they waste a good deal of your pencils based on the type of sharpening they do (where they're cutting away too much of the lead and shaving the wood back too far.

This sharpener delivers precise sharpening, minimizes waste, and solid results with every use. I could not be more more pleased!"
Better than any Ive tried
My favorite pencil sharpener.
"Gives me the nice sharp point I want, although it doesn't last long. If you have the PC premier colored pencils, then you need this sharpener. The others just won't do."
I came across this sharpener while doing an online search for a good pencil sharpener for colored pencils. It seemed a bit expensive but I decided to give it a shot and am so glad that I did. A few days after it arrived my toddler knocked his older brother's colored pencils off the counter breaking the tip off about two dozen of them. Usually sharpening colored pencils is an exercise in frustration and waste but out of the 24 or so pencils I sharpened I only had trouble with 3 (and that may have had more to do with being dropped than the sharpener).
"it works ok,"
The best sharpener for the best colored pencils on the market.
"I bought this pencil sharpener for my husband, who is a professional artist.  This is an excellent pencil sharpener for the Prismacolor colored pencils and it has two lead widths to choose from.  I highly recommend this for artists of all ages!"
"Very sturdy. The holes are a little big for their (prisms color) soft core colored pencils so sometimes it bites the wood on the pencils so you have to becareful when you use it, otherwise is pretty solid and works well."
"Very easy to use & love that it gives you a choice on point size!  If used properly, it will sharpen your prismacolors w/o all the point breakage. Now if only they would make a tool to fuse the lead back together when it breaks inside the barrel & falls out!
Until that happens, try heating up your pencil w/ a heating pad, hair dryer, or carefully using a heat gun (NOT a microwave!!) to melt the wax based lead back together.
If this does not work, don't fret as all is not lost!  Save all your broken lead pieces as you can add a bit of oil or other blending medium to create a great watercolor effect & used to fill, blend, & shade!  Not only is nothing wasted; you have expanded your creative options & turned trash into treasure!! Hope this helps!"
Excellent A+
The person I bought it for said it broke right away.
This does sharpen my prismacolor pencils.  However a number of them break constantly when sharpening.  They don't break when I sharpen them with a small hand sharpener making me believe it's not the pencils.
Used for colored pencils. Soft core. I bought a cheaper one and it did the same thing. I thought buying the more expensive one would do the trick but this thing is just as terrible.
Love it! Works great
Good sharpener
Only pencil sharpener I used on my Prismacolor pencils.
"This thing sucks , you'd be better to buy a .75$ one from Walmart"
"An excellent sharpener, it doesn't break the soft lead of a coloring pencil like some of the other brands.  You can choose between a really sharp point and a shorter, more sturdy one.  I do recommend this product."
It works better for the soft pencils than anything I have tried.
"Worth the money. I went through 2 or 3 cheaper pencil sharpeners before biting the bullet on this one. It was worth every penny. No more broken points on my SoHo Urban, Prismacolor Premier and Prismacolor Verithin colored pencils."
I LOVE this sharpener!! I have tried a variety of sharpeners...looking for one that would give my pencils a nice point without breakage. I finally found it in the Prismacolor Premier Sharpener! It fits nicely in my hand...the design allows for easy control of the pencil as you sharpen it and the clear shavings container let's you keep an eye on the point of the pencil. The only design flaw is in the difficulty separating the sharpener from the container....they are snug! But the overall performance is excellent! Highly recommend! !
Myvery favorite sharpener!! I have bought several;!!!
I didn't realize that colored pencils needed a special sharpener.  This one provides an excellent sharp tip without ripping the wood or the colored pencils.  Love it!
Great sharpener
Great sharpener. It has two sizes so you can make the point narrower or thicker.
"This sharpener works really well for the prismacolor pencils and gets the point nice and sharp for details, my only small complaint is the base that holds the shavings does come apart a little too easily sometimes when I am sharpening. I prefer slectric operated but this is much more convenient, good for travel as no batteries and sockets needed."
Great sharpener for the price.
Good sharpener that let's you choose how you want to sharpen...but the cap looks like it will break off very soon and it feels rather cheaply made
"The colors are nice and vibrant, but a larger set if you are looking a large variation. Only complaint is the colors themselves are very soft for my liking"
Works well
Love it so much my pencils are no longer breaking.
Works great
I have no problems with this sharpener so far. It took a bit of time to get a hold of how to take the top off but thats fine. It works pretty well and I'm satisfied.
Works great
very  good!
"You definitely need to buy it if you own an expensive Prismacolor set, it's perfect for it!"
"Great product. Good price  .
Oki"
It's okay. Easy to tuck away with my supplies.
This is the perfect sharpener for an aspiring artist or adult who likes to color! We gave this as a gift along with prismacolor pencils and the recipient loved them both!
good quality sharpener
"This may be the best hand pencil sharpener I have ever used.  So sharp, at first I wondered if it was cutting the pencil."
"I use Crayola colored pencils and the tips would break off when I sharpened them, NOT with this sharpner!!  I absolutely LOVE it!!"
"I figured it out, but wish the instructions were there on how to empty the shavings.  otherwise, it was worth the price."
Very sharp !1
"I like the two different choices this sharpener gives you - long thing lead or short stuffy lead, depending on how you are using them."
Sharpens colored pencils well. It does not eat pencils and they are sharpened into a perfect point.
"My kids go through sharpeners constantly, hoping this one will last and last"
"Excellent sharpener, and works with the prisma colors as expected, and it hasn't broken a pencil tip yet"
Like really works good on my colored pencils
Product works great and keep the color pencils sharp.
Works better than I thought it would.  A little tricky when I first tried to remove the top to empty it. But no problem it now.
Works great for my Prismacolor pencils! Love this!
Great for sharpening color pencils.
This is the only pencil sharpener that you should never use for your prismacolor Premier colored pencils. It is made for it for the softness of the colored pencils and other sharpeners are too harsh for it and end up breaking them and damaging them.
works great.
Have recently started coloring for relaxation and a good pencil sharpener is critical.  Good design.
Great
Excellent pencil sharpener
"This is a great sharpener, not just for colored art pencils but any pencils. It has sharpener openings for shorter pencil tip (like the tips that colored pencils come with)  and elongated pencil tip (which would be like a writing pencil). Seems very sharp and has a flip top lid to keep shavings inside until you are ready to empty. Easy to pull top off to empty, too."
These are good value and works.  Tricky with triangular shaped pencils.
It is extremely difficult to tell which hole is for wide and which is not.
Just got this the other day. I've used it a bunch already and it works fantastic! I haven't had any breakage from my Prismacolor colored pencils. Highly recommend.
Love this. Easy to use. Collects the shavings in a tidy container. Though it is a challenge to open at times.
"leads still break, but can get a point"
"This is the pinnacle of hand pencil sharpeners. Even the pigment-rich waxy prismacolor points don't shred or break off. This is quite important with my expensive Prismacolor pencils! if needed, I will purchase another one. Highly recommend!
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prismacolor-Premier-Pencil-Sharpener/dp/B004ZDL0K2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener</a>"
My favorite of the sharpeners.
This pencil sharpener is just okay.  I actually prefer to use my electric sharpener on my prismacolor pencils.  The top on this sharpener doesn't stay on very well and I have to be sure to hold the top in place while I sharpen the pencils.
"I was confused at first on how to open it, but after I figured it out it as easy, this thing is amazing."
"Upon first use it did sharpen great and exceeded my expectations which landed 5 stars. After several uses with premiers and Verithins, it is starting to sharpen very uneven no matter how careful you are. Either that or the wood casings are poorly made just like others have stated. It can crack the casing too so be careful. I find that if you alternate with the wide and the fine side then it works better and if you dare try to sharpen to a fine point you will be disappointed! I ordered scholar sharpener to test and ordered an artist grade sharpener as well and will update on which works the best.
UPDATE:
Click on my name and read my reviews. I hope I help others in decision making prior to purchasing. The scholar sharpener sucks and if you are on a budget then I suppose you can get these sharpeners BUT if you can afford prismas or any other artist grade materials then you might want to rethink the best sharpener/tools to keep your products safe right? Well I ordered the Dahle 155 sharpener and although it is talked down upon by many reviewers not to use rotary sharpeners on any of your expensive pencils they are WRONG! The Dahle Sharpener is all you will need and it is the best and first professional sharpener I have tried. I highly recommend it so if you have the time then please take a peek at my reviews so you can see what I have tried/tested."
Does what it is meant to do and is lightweight and portable
Works great
Excellent product
"Very nice sharpening, easy to empty, and has a cap to close.  I keep it for my own colored pencils, away from the kids' pencils :)"
My mother and I ordered two of these.  One worked fine and the other one constantly broke points off and we don't use it. Just use carefully; color pencils don't sharpen like regular pencils would in a regular pencil sharpener.
Great sharpener!  It does not tear up the pencils and i like the two differnet sizes it offers.
Good
only complaint is that it is not clear how to empty the shavings.you need to pop off the prismacolor cover and then pop out the top to empty the barrel.
Best sharpener I've ever owned. Creates sharp points for fine detail work as well as 'normal' points for 'traditional' coloring for lack of a better way to word it. I have purchased 2. One for me and one for a friend. I HIGHLY recommend this sharpener if you like to color and want the best sharpener or your pencils.
I bought a set of the Prismacolor soft core pencils and decided to get their sharpener.  I'm glad I did.  It's easy to hold and use and feels solid to the touch.  I've found that using a light pressure when sharpening works best.
plastic cover that comes on and off to dump out shavings could be stronger
Fantastic manual sharpner. Best I've ever found
as described just as I thought it would be :)
"I don't know how wonderful this is. I hear it's fantastic... But, mine never arrived"
Very good sharpener to use with prismacolor pencils! I really like the flip lid to empty the container too.
"Definitely a step up from other sharpeners I have used. It didn't solve my problems with colored pencil ""lead"" breakage, but my pencils are very cheap ... I think the problem is with my pencils rather than the sharpener."
Love it
"Not as hard on color pencils than regular sharpeners.
I get less breaks with this sharpener."
Didn't work well
"it is an effective pencil sharpener but as it gets used a lot, it has a tendency to put stress on the colored pencil and some pencils have broken several times until  can get a really sharp point.  It is still a useful sharpener."
This works wonderfully with the Prisma Colored Pencils
Arrived perfectly and on time! so excited to start using them already!
Came about a week sooner and it's not a bad sharpener hasn't broken any of my lead highly recommended for prisms colored pencils
"It's a delight to use compared to other brands,"
"Love the sharp point option exactly what I needed and searched for, finally found it, works a treat, makes colouring in so much easier."
smooth and clean sharpener.
"I bought this to sharpen my Prismacolors and it does so very well. I like that it has a small compartment to hold the shavings. The blades were sharp, and when I use it I do not make a mess.  Blade is sharp and my color pencils get sharpened evenly.  I also like that it is easy to hold and compact and easy to carry around .  Just place the pencils in and twist when the container is full you just have to empty."
"I absolutely adore this pencil sharpener. I can throw it in my bag, and the lid never comes off and spills everywhere. there are two different sharpening sizes, and it the body of it makes it easy to tell when its full."
Top quality pencil sharpner that doesn't chew up your art pencils. Highly recommend!
Exactly what I needed.
Awesome sharpener.  Must be used correctly
Works better than any other hand-held sharpener for colored pencils I have tried.
Handy tool for on the go.
"I have not seen anything spectacular that sets this apart from other manual pencil sharpeners I have used, but the design is extremely ergonomic and does a great job of containing pencil shavings.
It has two options for sharpening pencils so that you can choose the length of your lead."
I find the pencils break easily because the blade is set back too far and they got dull fast. Better to get yourself an all metal hand held sharpener. I got it for the name brand. I was wrong. Annette
I absolutely love this the sharpener is the best hand sharpener I've ever had and I used half of 1 of the 12 pencils I got to create my art it's amazing definitely a great buy
Sharpens colored pencils very well.
breaks and chews pencils
"I should have listened to the previous reviews.  I ordered the 150 piece set of prismacolor pencils and the sharpener.  The first 3 pencils I sharpened, it broke the lead off in the sharpener and I had to take it apart to get the lead tip out.  The same thing kept happening, and I never did get even a slightly sharpened pencil.  Don't waste the money, buy a 99 cent sharpener instead.  Very disappointed."
Makes a nice sharp point which is needed for fine detail work.
"I used this with my premiers and it is SO much better than the other sharpeners I have. It makes for a very, very sharp point."
Best sharpener I've ever had. Very worth the extra money. ALL other pencil sharpeners eat my color pencils. It don't matter if they are cheap or expensive color pencils other sharpeners broke lead down and I'd have to sharpen some more.
I prefer my cheapies.
Works very nicely.
Great sharpener! Fast shipping!
"The lid broke after 2 days use, and then the sharpener was very hard to pull off to empty the shavings.  This sharpener also left a mess of many of my Prismacolor pencils, rough wood and broken tips. I was very happy at first and nice looking design, but not is it doesn't work."
Works well but pops apart often so I need to hold it together. I'll probably glue it and it will be fine!
"I have purchased several pencil sharpeners over the years, and this is by far the best one I have ever owned. It sharpens the pencils down to a very sharp point, without eating half your pencil or breaking off the lead.  I would most certainly buy it again."
"Great sharpener, works great with Prismacolor pencils!"
"I bought this a couple days ago. I tried it the minute I got it home. It works wonderfully. I don't understand the negative comments. I sharpened all 102 colored pencils and not one broke. I have prismacolor, Crayola, Royal and Staedtler. This is a very good sharpener. I just use even pressure, not shove it in like a bull dozer and turn gently in one direction! Easy peasy!"
I had a few sharpeners lying around so I tired to use them on the Prismacolor Premier pencils. Nope! So I ended up getting their sharpener & it's definitely worth it. You can sharpen the pencils wide or fine & it doesn't crack (so long they're carefully sharpened).
Very nice sharpener.
Great sharpener. It has too ways to sharpen. Depending on if you want a long point or a short point.
This is a great little sharpener it's works very well on my prismacolors with out breaking the soft core leads. My only complaint is the flip top can is a pain to open to sharpen my pencil! Other than that this is a great product
Easy to use. Sharpens pencils well
works great!!!!!
The best sharpener for Prismacolor pencils!
"Needed this a simple sharpener, no batteries happy to use"
"This is my second one of these, I loved it enough that I bought another one when the lid broke on my old one after 4 years. I used the heck out if it, and it still was pretty sharp. The only reason the lid broke was due to my kids dropping it so many times. Has 2 different sizes of lead length to choose for sharpening (long skinny or short wider) and I love that for portrait sketching to get thinner points for details and thicker for shading. I will always have one of these."
Works great on any brand colored pencils. Delivered quickly.
Absolutely the best sharpener I've found yet!  Adore this product!
"Works great, sharpener is just what I needed.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is when taking it apart to clean out the bin, the sharpener part doesn't snap back in as I expected.  After a few uses, it stays put however."
Perfect sharpener!
"I can't count the number of sharpeners I've tried, manual and electric, expensive and inexpensive, but none were made for colored pencils, this sharpener is just that.  I not only use it on Prismacolor brand, but three others also.  Only the ones that are soft break, but I almost never get a broken pencil anymore.  It is the best one I have used on colored pencils."
Works as advertised--doesn't break the color off when sharpening.
works as it should
This sharpener is lovely. Sharpens welp every time. Great for all my pencils.
"If your kids use colored pencils for school, you have probably had trouble with sharpening them without breaking the lead repeatedly and sharpening down half the pencil before you can use it again. OK, that's an exaggeration, but only by an inch or two. I decided to invest in a better sharpener this year rather than my usual $2-3. So far,

I have been incredibly pleased with how it sharpens Prismacolor which I use for my adult coloring books, and the Crayola brand I get for the kids. The blades are sharp enough to prevent lead breakage, the flip-top lid holds the shavings in and the design is comfortable in the hand. I only had it a week before the dog chewed on it - surprisingly, I can still use it! The dog could only chew off the upper edges in the few minutes she had it (medium-small dog) and the removable lid could still slide in place (see photo.) It's no longer leak proof, but I'm just happy it still works.

After trying it, I bought one for each kid. Hoping for a smooth, breakage free school year."
This is one of the best little sharpeners I've used in a long time!
Works well for Prismacolor
"I really like this pencil sharpener.  Works good, fits in my hard well."
Excellant sharpener and replaces the green prismacolor sharpener that isn't great with other pencils other than prismacolor pencils
works great!
"This pencil sharpener is great! Works well for both regular size pencils and thinner ones (such as Prismacolor verithin). It has worked well through countless sharpening and doesn't chew the end of the pencil as some do. Leaves you with a nice, sharp point. Got one for my mom too and she loves the portability of it. (She was using an electric sharpener until it stopped working). She likes this one better!"
This is a great pencil sharpener.  It sharpens not only regular pencils but does a really good job of sharpening even soft colored pencils without wasting the lead.
Very nice.
Good pencil sharpener
Sorry prismacolor. Broke all my pencils and not worth it !
great sharpener
Has lasted much longer than cheaper ones. Pencils sharpen smoothly.
I see little difference from other sharpeners.  The pencils still break off much too easily.
"Very happy with the sharpener. It works well, and has a nice design too."
Purchased this pencil sharpener to sharpen my colored pencils.  It is very hard to sharpen the pencils and the top has already broken off and I have only used it a few times.  Would not ever purchase this again or recommend to others.
The top comes off sometimes and shaving get all over but it does make a sharp pencil
Sharpens quickly and smoothly without tearing up your pencils or wasting much of them.
"Nice for a hand held sharpener, I prefer electric but this is great when I travel."
I use this pencil sharpener I use for my prisma colored pencils and my other pencils. It is handy also because it has a bottom that catches the shavings. My pencils do not brake either . I would recommend this with buying Prisma color pencils.
Sharpener works very well for my Prismcolor pencils.
"Loved that it had 2 sizes, I mean every pencil sharper does but this one works really well with the prismacolor pencils"
Very nice sharper great price
Works extremely well with the PrismaColor colored pencils I purchased.
Must have this sharpener. I was using an eye liner one but tried this base on others review.  Nothing beats this one I've tried so far.
"Love, love, love this pencil sharpened!  This is the best handheld pencil sharpener I've ever owned.  It is well worth the higher than average price tag!"
Well made sharpener. I've gone through so many of these its not even funny. This one has lasted the longest and sharpens every pencil in the house.
Great sharpener.  The only one I found that sharpens back to something similar to the manufacturer's point on soft leaded pencils.
Works great !
I am extremely disappointed in this product. The tin holding the pencils was badly dented even though the shipping enveloped was fine. The pencils were not damaged. Clearly the tin was damaged before it was shipped to me. It is necessary to have the tin to hold all the pencils.
Works great
What can I say?  It's a pencil sharpener.  Does the job.
not that good.
Works great for my colored pencils. No more waste.
This sharpens to a perfect point without much pressure.
granddaughters like it
"Who would have thought one could have such strong feelings about a pencil sharpener?  And yet, it's true, it is Excellent! Two separate blades for your choice of sharpening. And considering how expensive some pencils can be, this is worth it! I'll probably buy another just to have around."
Terrific sharpener! The best one I've used.
it was not as sharp as it should be eats up my Prismacolor pencils
"I bought this for use with my Prismacolor soft core and Verithin colored pencils. The blades work well and the different angles lends themselves well to sharpening the different consistency pencils. However, the sharpener started to fall apart after a short time. It is difficult to open the first time one needs to empty it. The method is not obvious and I had to look online for help as the items didn't come with directions. As seen in my pictures, the rim on the body of the sharpener cracked and the top piece with the lid came off the piece which houses the actual blades. Now to use it I must carefully hold all three pieces together, otherwise they fall apart, leaving shavings all over the table. I expect better quality construction from Prismacolor, especially considering the price."
Perfect for prismacolors. Best sharpener hands down.
"Love this sharpener!  The blades are super sharp and I have no waste to any of my pencils.  I use Prismacolor pencils and I can't afford any breakage or waste, with this sharpener, I have no worry!  It only sharpens the thinner pencils but has 2 sharpening choices.  One will give your pencil a super sharp point to get those hard to reach areas and the other will sharpen it more bluntly.  There is a resivoir to hold the shavings so no mess and it's easy to empty, there is also a cap on the top to cover the holes to prevent accidents.  No little fingers getting cut.  Well worth the money, a great sharpener!"
It is a great product.  It works perfectly.
I never paid so much for a sharpener but this is absolutely the best one I've ever used in my life if you want a great sharpener this is the best you will ever find
Sharpens pencils. Not much else to say. Does what it should.
Perfect
"This sharpener is great! I mostly bought it for the shorter sharpener feature, and it works real well. It's got a nicely sized chamber that collects the shavings and the lid is nice and secure."
Best shRpener for all artist type pencils!
Nice sharpner so far
"This was fantastic. I said ""was"" because on a trip recently I lost it. I thought I was ordering this one again but ordered a different one. It is ok but not quite as good as this one - so I guess I will reorder and try not to lose the new one. :)"
"This sharpener gets the job done quickly, and without wasting a lot of pencil. It could stand to be a bit sturdier. I've had to replace mine twice, as it didn't withstand a 2-foot drop- and I can be a bit clumsy. Otherwise, this sharpener is perfect."
Sharpens wide or angled. works as described. great product.
GREATTTT!!!!!!!
Does the needed job for my Prismacolor pencils
Best pencil sharpener I own - better than electric pencil sharpeners and smoother than other analog sharpeners.
"Ineffective, not productive, I returned it"
This sharpener did not work well for very long. Within two weeks it was mutilating my pencils. I was very disappointed since this is not an inexpensive tool.
What can I say? It sharpens well!
"Works great, sharpens my Prismacolor pencils like a charm."
Too big.
"This is the first manual pencil sharpener that I've purchased as an adult after my electric one broke down after 15 yrs of use.  It was recommended to me by an artist. I like it. It sharpens my pencils just fine. The feature I really like about it is the cylinder catches your shavings. You just take the top off & empty it when it's full.  I was skeptical about getting a manual sharpener, but it has worked just fine.  It is small and lightweight, but you can sharpen a lot before having to dump it.  I have decided to stick with this for the time being instead of replacing my electric one.  I use it to sharpen my Crayola colored pencils that I use to color in adult coloring books. That is the only thing I use it for."
I was a bit disappointed in the condition of this item. The metal box holding the pencils was damaged (and will not close properly) due to poor packaging. The product itself is great and as described.
"Need to exchange this, it stopped working 4 days after I got it. Very disappointed was sure it would last, very let down. Need to know how to exchange it for another."
"Just okay, very small, and lid tore off, really not needed."
"After reading some mixed reviews about this sharpener, I decided to give it a try. Given how expensive Prismacolor pencils are, I wanted to find the best sharpener to keep from wasting any of them. Though this one will do the job, the super inexpensive little sharpener made by KUM receives a 10/10 from me while Prismacolor's is more like a 5/10.
Pros: Though I prefer a longer core, having two optional lengths has come in handy. It certainly does a better job than an electric sharpener. The shavings container is super convenient, as well.

Cons: Though at times this sharpener works perfectly, it's not uncommon to get unevenly shaped sides, which weakens the tip. I've also lost chunks of lead due to the sharpener taking off too much wood and/or destroying it completely. The container fills up quickly and should be emptied frequently for optimal results.

Summary: Personally, I'll be buying the KUM brand sharpener from now on. If that's not an option for you, this one is definitely a 2nd-best. Keep in mind, though, that there is a fairly large difference in the quality of edge you'll get when comparing the two brands."
cap doesnt stay on great but its still fine
"I bought a set of the Prismacolor pencils for my nephew who likes to draw and color.  the pencils are wonderful, but expensive, so I wanted him to have the good sharpener for them.  It works well."
I really like this pencil sharpener because all of the shavings go into the sharpener instead of my table or bed!!!
I was very satisfied.
AAA
Works great!
Awesome sharpener
"This is a great pencil sharpener for my Prismacolor colored pencils. I keep it with the pencils. When I sit down to use the pencils, I always bring the sharpener with me."
Works very well.
Anyone using colored pencils need to have this great sharpener.
"Works great with my PrismaColor pencils, gets them to a really fine point"
good
Gentle for my colored pencils.
I use this very day at work and at play . It is a nice investment for my craft box
Great pencil sharpener.
"This sharpener is amazing. Almost too amazing, lol. I used the fine point sharpener to sharpen my Prismacolor Col-erase pencils a few days ago, and last night, while using them to draw out a garden plan, I accidentally stabbed myself in the finger with the tip of one and ended up getting blood all over the drawing. Ooops! Needless to say, this sharpener works very well."
Recommended for any Prismacolor lovers
Great
Used it only once looks sharp
"Great pencil sharpener for our high quality Prismacolor pencils. Works on other high quality pencils too and keeps from grinding down the pencils too fast. You get two choices of tip you want, just flip the pencil sharpener. Good stuff here."
I use them all for one reason or anther.
This is a great pencil sharpener.
"Good sharpener for the new prismacolor pencils I just purchased. I have quite a few sharpeners,but this is my favorite so far. I definitely recommend it,especially is you have high quality pencils."
I bought this to go along with my Prismacolor coloured pencil set. I love how it has two different options of sharpening depending on what you want to colour. There is a sharper for narrow for more defined use and a wider option for shading use.
Great sharpener.
"This was a gift to a friend and she has 6 pencil sharpeners and her comment was that hands-down, this is the best."
"This sharpener works really well, very good quality!"
"It does what it is supposed to do, nothing special. I ended up buying one for $1 at either AC Moore or Michaels and that one works much better."
"This product is very good. It sharpens my pencils very easily. Only problem I have is that sometimes it would break the pencil. Overall, I'd give this a 4/5"
pleased
"Seriously, worst sharpener ever."
"Great little sharpener but I really don't like the plastic case that says ""prismacolor"" it gets in the way and is hard to get on and off."
"This pencil sharpener is awesome for sharpening the prismacolor pencils!  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the way you empty the sharpener.  There were no instructions on how to do this.  I tried for 30 minutes to figure this out, when I finally did I broke it!"
"It's good. Love the shape.  Easy on your fingers.
Yes it costs more than the dollar store sharpener but at the end of a hard day sketching and sharpening pencils.
Your fingers will thank you. Much lighter than the battery operated kind and you back will thank you too."
Works as expected
Great pencil sharpener - easy to empty and put back together.
"Amazingly, durable, and easy to clean and not to mention gentle on my softcore Prismacolors, this sharpener was well worth the investment. It also doesn't eat up my pencils as fast as any off brand or cheap grade sharpener would."
Excellent. sharpens well and the size of this sharpener works well for me.
This does sharpen colored pencils well and by that I mean not at the angle that are for the #2 pencil you use at school.  This has a more obtuse angle.  Almost but not quite as blunt as the point put on the short golf or bowling pencils.  This wider angle makes it harder to break the tip off.  Colored pencils have softer cores than graphite pencils.  The only complaint I had was that opening it is difficult.  I hope it will become easier over time after many uses.
"Worst sharpener, broke after 3 days. Returned and got the bright green ones that come in a 3 pack-they are still going strong."
"I use adult coloring books with Raffine Marco Fine Art Colored Pencils, and this sharpener works great.  It has two sharpening ports: one for point, and one for a wider surface.  Both sharpeners work equally well."
"So far so good, no pencil have been broken off in the middle of sharpening... yet. I like how it have 2 different sharpening head or style"
works great!
Works perfectly :)
good
Great Sharpener!!  It's in my art kit with my prismacolor pencils!
Don't forget to purchase the sharpener for the Prismacolor pencils!!!
"This is a large pencil sharpener, with two openings at the top to sharpen small and larger pencils, and a lid to keep shavings in.

The reason for the large size is because this is a pencil sharpener that holds your pencil shavings, to be emptied out at a later time. Do your sharpening and snap the lid back on to protect the shavings from falling out in your bag. I took off one star because I barely used it and the lid hinge has partially broken off already. Pretty soon it will completely fall off. This is a failure in material selection because of the thinness of the hinge holding it in place. What's the point of have a cover if the hinge snaps off?

The design is fine, but the thick black plastic wrapping around with the logo is completely superfluous, and adds nothing to the functionality other than to make it look semi-cool; another minus half star. The blades on both sharpeners are sharp and will do their job.

This pencil sharpener is made for those that want to sharpen their pencils anytime and who don't want to get up to a trash can immediately. If I could improve it, I would make a smooth and simpler cylindrical shape, with a thicker hinge to prevent it from snapping. This gets 3.5 stars."
Love it! But I lost it! I've got to get another!
works  well
Excellent sharpner.  For the price they should be able to make it in USA>
"excellent sharpener, very convenient and precise."
"This sharpener works well and I like the fact that I have a choice of two options for the sharpness of my Prismacolors. I took off one star because it was somewhat difficult to figure out how to open to empty. Once I found it, it's fairly simple."
Good product
"This sharpener works great with Prismacolor pencils. I like that it has a wide and a narrow sharpener in one, and is easy to clean out when it gets full."
nice
"Not pleased at all with this sharpener.  First of all it is like the riddle of the Sphinx to figure out how to empty it.  Second of all it destroyed one of my Prismacolor pencils.  I went back to using my electric sharpener, it is much more consistent and easy to empty."
I like it but the only thing wrong it that hard to get open to get out the trash.. It does work well and a good buy!
"Highly recommended if you get expensive prismacolor pencils, as it has a shallow grind without too much wastage."
Love how this does not chip the pencils!
very easy to use and I love this kind of design.
"This sharpener works great, sharpens nicely, and has not broken one lead yet.
That alone is enough to recommend it!
I hate it when a sharpener keeps breaking my leads, or the pencil wood.
So far this one has not done either thing one time!"
"Great sharpener. Two different shapes for your pencils. In addition to the one I have, I have given three as gifts."
As good as any larger or automatic sharpener.
Works well on all my colored pencils
This Pencil Sharpener works very well with the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils.  It sharpens to a very nice point and it does not break off the pencil points. I definitely recommend this sharpener for your nice colored pencils that you want sharp without chewing up the pencil lead!
It sharpens just fine but can't see how to open it to empty! Any clues?
Does not work well for  me
small but works great
very good eraser
"Love this sharpener, it does a great job"
"It works well if you are very careful. I have experienced quite a bit of point breakage, causing waste of my pencils. Prismacolor pencils are very expensive and I don't want to wear them down with breakage by a pencil sharpener. I expected this to be better but as long as you are VERY careful when sharpening your pencils, it works the way it should."
"great high quality metal sharpener the only problem is that ]the top come off and shaving go everywhere, and it is extremely hard to place the top back on."
This is an amazing sharpener!! I love the 2 hole options that allow you to customize your tip!!! Very happy with this purchase!!
"I actually LOVE this sharpener.  The reason I did not give it 5 stars is only because the container itself is a thinner plastic and if you are not careful you can accidentally create small fracture like cracks within that plastic (the clear part of the container).  For the price (for a sharpener) I wish they would create these with a little more durability.

However, I realize this, so I am very careful and mindful of where there are inner cracks and am trying to make this great little sharpener last as long as possible.  As far as for sharpening my delicate prisma pencils, it is OUTSTANDING!  And for that, it deserves 5 stars.

Would I purchase this again?  Probably.  If I am unable to find a comparable sharpener with a more durable container.

Hope this review helps :)"
Love it!  My husband got this for me for Mother's Day along with Prismacolor colored pencils.  I really like that I can choose a wide or narrow tip for fine or broad coloring.  I've used it a bunch and haven't had to empty it yet.
EXCELLENT sharpener.  It sharpens quickly and accurately.  It does not waste your pencils in sharpening.
Needed a good sharpner
"Works well to sharpen pencils and looks a bit flashy while doing so.  It's not  going to help you win friends or influence people, but maybe the art you produce with  its help will..."
Girlfriend uses this to sharpen her colored pencils.  She says it sharpens them perfectly and evenly.  Unlike regular sharpeners that tend to mess up the ends of her colored pencils.
Works great.
Good
"This pencil sharpener makes the cleanest, sharpest point of any sharpener I've ever used and I've tried quite a few in sixty+ years. (I took the black Prismacolor shield off mine to make it easier to hold. I'm sure it serves a great purpose, but I like it better ""naked""') Yes, the point breaks off occasionally, but that will happen in any sharpener because Prismacolors have such soft wax cores. Take it slow and don't force the pencil.
I'm packing up my battery-powered sharpener, my electric sharpener, and an extensive collection of hand sharpeners. This sharpener is all I need."
"Don't waste your money on lesser sharpeners, and get two of these before you lose one, and have to wait. This one will not eat your pencils by breaking the leads, as others might. I love this sharpener."
This was a hit with my daughter. Works great
The Prismacolor Premier pencil sharpener is exactly what I wanted and needed to sharpen my fine art colored pencils.  No complaints here. Would buy again.
Works well.
"Haven't used it much yet, but you feel like you're sharpening butter, it's so sharp and smooth"
"I'm not impressed, it won't sharpen my prismacolor pencils without breaking."
All good Thank you
very nice sharpener. My daughter really loves it.
the lid has already broken and has also came apart multiple times... pencils are awesome but thought the sharpener would have been better :(
Sharpen them in Style
Good one
Best Sharpener I've ever used.
Very happy. I have the soft core Prismacolor pencils and realized I needed the hard core for detail areas. Can't wait to use them.
Does the job....
Very useful.
This works well most of the time. A point breaks occasionally.
"This is a great pencil sharpener and definitely saves your very high priced Prismacolors from wasting away! I have tried approximately 10-12 sharpeners and for the purpose of hand sharpening with Prismacolors, this little sharpener definitely serves it's purpose... hopefully it will last in the long run."
Works really well with the Prismacolor soft core pencils.
I am a little disappointed in this sharpener. I heard really good things about it but I don't find it worked all that well with my new prismacolor verithins. It notched up the lead pretty good. I think I actually like the small handheld one that came with the prismacolor accessory kit that I bought.
"You know, you could sharpen your pencil with a kitchen knife but when you need something like this for a six year old then this is a smudge better. It is just big enough that when he holds it, it is sturdy in his hands. The blades are sharp and give an even cut. It does not make a mess. So, it is a good option."
Works great....
Great purchase extremely cheap price but durable product
"Sharpens okay, not even tho"
works well
Produces a wonderful point with 2 point options. Easy to use. Now my favorite sharpener.
Perfect pencil sharpener
I have had not one nib break! Razor blade sharp nib. I think where people are having problems with this item is: they are using too much pressure pushing the pencils into the sharpener.  I use maybe two or three pounds or less pressure and turn my pencils at a moderately fast spin. This works procedure for me. I did experiment; using a lot of pressure on a cheap pencil with this sharpener: I wound up with multiple broken nibs and a very short unusable pencil.
"I would've given this 5 stars as I REALLY like the ability to sharpen a pencil in two ways, depending on how hard the lead is. But then when I went to empty the shavings out of the chamber, the flip top broke off and being it apart as too hard!
Will order another type of sharpener for myself, and give this one to my daughter."
"I like my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/General-Pencil-3-in-1-Sharpener-Display/dp/B000KNPIL8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">General Pencil 3-in-1 Sharpener Display</a>&nbsp;better than this Prismacolor sharpener.  I find the Prismacolor sharpener a bit awkward in my hand when I'm trying to sharpen my pencils, and I also have a problem with the colored pencil lead breaking off and them jamming in the sharpener.

I do like having a choice of whether I want to sharpen my pencil to a long, skinny point or a shorter, stubbier point, which is a feature of this sharpener.  The Prismacolor sharpener can also go longer between cleanings, as it has a larger shavings storage unit than the General 3-in-1.

I also have an&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Ohuhu-Electric-Automatic-Pencil-Sharpener-Special-Design-for-Colored-Pencils/dp/B017VPJTRG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Ohuhu Electric Automatic Pencil Sharpener, Special Design for Colored Pencils</a>&nbsp;but it is really murder on lead.  I've sharpened a couple of pencils down to stubs trying to get a point on them, and Prismacolor pencils ain't exactly cheap."
"This sharpener is ok, but I like the Prismacolor single hole sharpener much better."
Thanks!
Nice points...
This sharpner works well on various brands of color pencils.  The shape is comfortable in the hand.
"I LOVE this sharpener. LOVE. I just bought a second because I accidentally broke my 1st because I couldn't figure out how to empty it at first. But I still used it until I lost it (oops). It's great for my coloured pencils. Keeps them very sharp,  just as I need for my detailed work!"
Not worth the price very tiny
It sharpens
Works great
Must have for prisma color pencils.
Works great without eating away my expensive art pencils.
Works well and easy to empty the shavings.  The shape makes it easy to grip in the hand.
absolutely love this item.  It sharpens with such precision.  THANKYOU
As expected.  No issues.  Would recommend.
"This is by far the best sharper on the market for colored pencils!!!  I've tried many different sharpeners, and this one not only leaves the best point, but always sharpens evenly, and with just a few twists.  Very quick shipping, and arrived perfect."
Excellent
Very good product at good price and delivered promptly.
I couldn't produce a good tip on my colored pencil with this. I sent it back for a refund.
"The sharpener does its job well. My only complaint is that when you try to open it to empty the shavings from time to time, the outer cover is easy to remove but hard to put back on. I might be one of the few who had difficulty with this, but for me it was discomforting. I spent about 10 minutes just to put it back in place. I do love the design of it though. It matches with the awesomeness of the prismacolor pencils themselves."
this is not an electric pencil sharpner
This is a the best manual sharpener ever.
Creates perfectly pointed pencils. Great for use with the adult coloring books. Love it!
"I love this sharpener! Before this sharpener I bought a cheap uncovered metal one from Micheal's that would do the job but would sometimes mess my soft core pencils up. Soft core pencils are not cheap! I like how there's two options for what kind of point you want on your pencils. This sharpener can hold a lot of shavings before it needs to be emptied. My pencils always come out to a perfect point and never splits the wood. Only con would be how the lid is designed. I've been using needle nose pliers to pull the top open since the plastic lid tore off the top. Probably fixable with a little glue. Design flaw but other than that this is an amazing sharpener and still works. Even though this sharpener is a little pricey, it sure is worth it!"
"Well, I was nervous about this purchase... I had read so much about breaking leads and different sharpeners for the Prismacolor pencils - I received this and oh my! What a great sharpener! I have never had a lead break off, I always get the type of point I want - there are two different sharpening holes!!! I do sharpen a regular lead #2 in it on occasion to remove any potential wax build-up. It is quite easy to remove the top and empty the shavings. I would definitely purchase this item again if something happened to mine! A great product."
"Unless you have very strong hands and are willing to replace the sharpener each time it is filled with shavings, skip this one.  It does sharpen.  But please read posted questions about how to open it to empty it.  It is not intuitive, and being black, it is difficult to see the indentations.  I asked Prismacolor Customer Care, and they were not helpful.  I've spent hours trying to open it without breaking it.  Others have had it for a single use since it broke during the opening process.  I don't think it is supposed to be a disposable sharpener.  This is an annoying product."
"Perfect for the color pencils we use for stress relieving coloring books for adults, good quality."
"Best sharpener I've ever had! I actually bought one, then after using it and loving it so much I came back and bought another one! This sharpens color pencils (and regular pencils) with ease which was so nice after struggling to sharpen my color pencils and other sharpeners taking out chunks of the wood or causing the tip to break. No problems with this sharpener at all!
This has 2 tip options and a lid so nothing falls out."
Sharpens my Prismacolor Premier pencils perfectly.
"I bought this sharpener in order to sharpen my Prismacolor pencil set. I had another pencil sharpener that didn't seem to get the point as sharp as I wanted. When I received this, the actual sharpener that is inside this unit seems to be identical to the one I already had. After using this one, my pencil tips would sharpen to a really nice point that I could never achieve with the other.

There are two holes at the top. I found that if I used the larger hole first and then finished it off on the smaller one, I would obtain a nice sharp point to the pencil. I also figured out that if I put very little pressure on the pencil and rotated the sharpener instead of the pencil, it would not take off so much of the pencil itself.

I am very happy with this and I know it is extending the life of my expensive pencils!"
Super pencil sharpener.  It does exactly what it is advertised to do.  Its size and form are also very handy.
Every time I try to sharpen a pencil the tip is consistently breaking off. I have wasted chunks of pencils trying to get them sharpened. Like I said this is very disappointing considering how expensive these pencils are. This sharpener is also quite pricey.
"Best sharpener I have ever used, the point it makes is perfect."
Works great!
"This is great pencil sharpener, and a must have for Prismacolor pencils. Does not break the lead and is easy to use and empty."
Great quality and fast shipping.
I'm an artist using colored pencils ( among other things). Best sharpener I've ever used. Period. Worth twice as much.
Excellent. Works well with my prismacolor premier colour pencils with no breakage.
The best pencil sharpener I've used for my quality colored pencils.
"I had a very cheap pencil sharpener that I got from our school bookstore and it did a terrible job sharpening my Prismacolor pencils. So I ordered this one. In the meantime while I waited for it to come, I used another sharpener that I had laying around. It was just one of those generic rectangle shape ones that has no chamber to hold the shavings in.

When this sharpener arrived, it honestly confused me. I couldn't see the which hole was which (that probably was most likely my eyes) and i was confused how to open it. After I got all that figured out it didn't do well sharpening my pencils. It seemed to break them more.

I went back to the generic, hold over a garbage can, sharpener to finish my work."
"Smooth, sharp & effective. A bit tricky to empty the first time."
Sharpens my Premiers without breaking!
"Good product, sharpens colored pencils very well."
I bought this to use on the unsharpened Prismacolor pencils I bought and it works really well plus it holds A LOT of shavings!
"I ordered this sharpener along with a box of colors of the same brand. The sharpener has two things that are a problem for me. First, the pencils kept breaking, and second the design of the case is really complicated to open, I almost broke it trying to open it to empty it. It was disappointing to me, because I bought it assuming that it would work better then my electrical sharpener but it does not, I wasted a lot of pencil just to get them pointy. I returned this item."
It works really well!
It is worth the cost.  It sharpened better than any of the other small handheld sharpeners I tried
Doesn't work on pastel pencils. Breaks the pastel out instead of sharpening the point. I suppose it would work alright with other pencils.
Great product
"I had difficulty removing the top to empty the shavings, had to get on You Tube for instructions. The top has started to crack a bit but the quality of the sharpening is very good."
Best colored pencil sharpener!
"Awesome sharpener for your color pencils, works great."
"great sharpener, for sure...."
nice
Bought for a friend along with some adult color books as a stress reliever.  She says it works very well and is easy to use.
Great product
Great
I was not too impressed it crumbles my colored pencil.the blade is very sharp great for graphite.
"The product is good and  functional however pricey. I don't exactly feel the differents between this sharpener and a regular sharpener. Regular sharpener sharpens my Prismacolor pencils just fine. I think you can get one that's good as this one for a cheaper price, it's not that worth of a buying."
Has the ability to sharpen short or long but does not hold much before you have to empty them. The Verithins come unsharpened. I was emptying this quite a lot.
No mess
I had this device less than a week and the plastic in front broke. The left sharpening side no longer sharpened my very expensive pencils. All it did was break off the lead. The right side would sharpen them to a funny point. I'm very disappointed.
The product broke the first week I used it.  I would not recommend it.
My daughter has a huge collection of Prismacolor pencils and this sharpener is great for her.  It has 2 holes for different tips.  It's easy to use and doesn't make a mess.
Good
A bit difficult to figure out how it works. After playing around with it for a while I finally figured it out. I bought it to use with Prismacolored pencils but returned the pencils because I didn't like the coverage of the pencils.
great for the Prismacolor pencils.
Excellent product. Better than expected.
Works well
"I bought this a couple days ago. I tried it the minute I got it home. It works wonderfully. I don't understand the negative comments. I sharpened all 102 colored pencils and not one broke. I have prismacolor, Crayola, Royal and Staedtler. This is a very good sharpener. I just use even pressure, not shove it in like a bull dozer and turn gently in one direction! Easy peasy!"
"This pencil sharpener works great. I got an adult coloring book and colored pencils as a gift, so got this sharpener to sharpen the pencils and works as expected. No problems yet, I would recommend this one."
Perfect sharpener  for the prismas
Great sharpener. I love it!!
"Excellent hand sharpener, gives total control"
Product as described
The best sharpener I have ever used for colored pencils. There is a hole for normal pencils (crayola size) and then another for the more pointy pencils (such as the thin Prismacolor ones). Works great! I love it and highly recommend it.
sharpens great. 2 different sizes.
Perfect for prisma color pencils.
Works good .. a bit cumbersome to put together ... would recommend
Great sharpener for Prismacolor pencils. Sharpens to a nice point
"Great sharpener! Took me a while to figure out how to open the top! Ended up needing to put my glasses on then it was easy to find! lol Great product, I plan on purchasing a spare for my suitcase:)"
Love the two hole design. And it always seems to be sharp and easy to use.
This little sharpener gives you two different shape points on your pencil and yet is small enough to fit into any carry bag. Easy to clean out too
very nice pencil sharpener!! perfect for colored pencils!
The only sharpener that works for prisma color pencils that you won't spend a fortune on. Sharpens them without breaking the color off before you are done !!! The design looks great on my desk as well. Would buy it again.
Sharpens pens great
"Love this pencil sharpener!  Precise sharpening of my colored pencils, portable, no mess, empty when you're able. Has a cover that slides over sharpening holes when not in use."
OK at best
Absolutely grate for sharpening color pencils
Nice and very much worth the price.
Excellent performance
granddaughter loved
Handy well made sharpener. Works well with prismacolor colored pencils
Does a nice job. I use it on both my Prismacolor and my Marco Raffine colored pencils. Took a little while to figure out how to empty it. I've had no problems with it at all. Glad I took the chance and bought it.
Works great! Isn't too rough on the soft leads and colors.
One pencil finally sharpened...took about half of it. All in all a good value.
"Love this sharpener! Pencil fits well, few twists and your point is sharp again without breaking off the tip. It's a self-contained system, so you empty out shavings at your convenience. I use with my colored pencils."
Helpful for my coloring pencils
Nice.
great sharpener for artists; no mess
"Two options for sharpening with this, wide and pointy. Perfect for the Prismacolor Premier pencils."
"Nice quality pencil sharpener! Lid comes off a little to easy when dropped on hard wood, but maybe I'm just clumsy!"
Excellent sharpener! Very glad I found it.
I'm not sure why this sharpener is better than any other except that it has a large barrel for the shavings.  It works fine.
it does the job and has both angles for my colored pencils both soft core and hard core
"I like the sharpener, but I don't think it will last long. Less than a month in and I can see hairline cracks in the thing plastic case."
"Love my pencils, great sharpener, doesn't break the tips off."
Bought because I spent a lot of money on my prismacolors and this was supposed to be the best to use for them. Not impressed. It works fine but its just not any better than dollar store sharpener. And its tricky to open.
"It sharpens okay, but hard to open to get the shavings out - also the lid popped off within a week"
"My wife uses this as an all purpose sharpener for all her pencils. She has a number of sharpeners, and claims this is the best. It consistently sharpens to a nice sharp point without breaking the lead, and is easy to empty.  What more do you need from an inexpensive sharpener?"
Great sharpener
Wife loves it on her massive Prismacolor colored pencil collection. It sharpens short and fat (better for most colored pencil uses for her) or long and thin (regular pencil type sharpening). It is made very nice and she likes it a lot.
"This is a great sharpener and small enough to be convenient when travelling. It is lightweight, but although it is plastic, it seems durable. I haven't had any issues with it cracking or breaking up to this point. The sharpening is perfect for prismacolor coloured pencils and makes a nice, even point. I haven't had any issues with the lead breaking so far in any of the pencils I have sharpened. It is small and has a small shavings depository, so you won't be able to sharpen too many pencils before you have to empty it, but doing so is straightforward and it is easy to put back together. I have been impressed with this sharpener for the price."
this pencil sharper is awsome
This is a must have!
best sharpener
"This is literally the best pencil sharpener. If you know me, you know I'm obsessed with sharpening my pencils and I'm a classic over-sharpener. They always break and are sent early to their grave having a life left but I can never get them to sharpen without breaking. Well this thing brought them back. There is nothing that can't be sharpened by the two different sizes and I have been raving about this ever since it was delivered. I actually think people are tired of hearing me talk about it. It's reliable, and sturdy (unlike my other one which broke in like one day) and it sharpens things so well and to such a point I can't even explain it properly. Would definitely buy again, makes me happy to sharpen my pencils now."
Great sharpener. Love the two different point options
Works fine. Didn't break the lead. Hard to open.
"I was impressed by this pencil sharpener on my prisms color pencils and ebony sketching pencils.

It holds the scraps. Love it."
Love this sharpener. It gets my pencils super sharp so I can really get small areas. There's two types of tips this sharpener can achieve and I've attached a few photos so you can see the difference between the green and gold. I have not had any breakage issues either.
Must have if you have Prismacolor pencils.
"If you have difficulties sharpening, buy this sharpner.  I've sharpened all 132 pencils without issue.  Don't force the turn and don't jam the pencil point and you'll be happy."
"the clear window makes it easy to dump sharpenings when it's full, which is nice"
great!!
"I purchased this pencil sharpener for convenience for my daughter to keep her colored pencils sharpened while coloring in her new adult coloring books.  I figured since the Prismacolor pencils were recommended to me as good quality, so I assumed the pencil sharpener would be equally good quality.  She has appreciated the convenience of the portability of the sharpener."
its a sharpener  works with the softer leads.
"It sharpens, this pleases me."
Works great.
I honestly thought for this being a prismacolor pencil sharpener that it would be easy to uses and empty. It is made of a cheap plastic material and does not sharpen the pencils nicely. I'm better off using my sharpener from the dollar store
Works well.. hard to empty the contents.
"I've been using sandpaper to create my points until I received this... no joke.  It's a great sharpener.  I thought I'd be sharpening my pencils with this product to simply collect the shavings then putting them to the sandpaper to create my points, but I haven't... because I haven't needed to"
"This is the first manual pencil sharpener I have owned that worked! It allows you to sharpen to a long or shorter point, and also a very fine point. Perfect for drawing or coloring fine lines and details."
All other pencil sharpeners seem to destroy Prismacolors. It's worth the cost to get the most out of the expensive and high quality Prismacolor pencils. Doesn't work very well with Crayola or Rose Art colored pencils; their lead is too hard.
"I have this sharpener to use with my Prismacolor Premier Soft Core colored pencils and I absolutely love it.  I have not had any issues with breakage and it gives me the point on my pencil that I need for the small details in the adult coloring books I have.  I love that it contains the sharpenings and I don't have to be near a trash can every time I want to sharpen my pencils.  There are 2 different size sharpeners - 1 gives you the longer point, this one is my favorite.  The other gives you the ""stubby"" point.  They both work great - just depends on your preference of point.  I like the longer point - if you are a hard pusher with your pencils I would suggest the shorter point - less breakage."
Great sharpener
"It sharpens fairly well but the glue holding the top together did not hold long, so it is not easy to open and empty."
"This sharpens my pencils great! I've used several other pencil sharpeners that would break my pencils or would eat half my pencil before I would get my desired sharpness. This one doesn't eat my pencils or break them, which is a good thing when you're spending a good amount of money on your colored pencils! The lid comes off easily to empty, I think the price is good for what you're getting. I recommend! I hope this helps anyone that's just as frustrated as I was with broken, half eaten new pencils!"
Christmas gift to go with adult coloring books and pencils.
"This is the ONLY sharpener I have ever used that did not eat up my pencils.
I don't know what it is with me and pencil sharpeners (same thing happens with my makeup pencil sharpeners), but either it does not sharpen at all, or, it sharpens it to the point of breaking off, OR, it just eats the whole pencil up.

I just started coloring for relaxation and the designs I use are to intricate for crayons. So I bought three sets of colored pencils. All of them sharpen very nicely with this sharpener. It is easy to use. Easy to empty. It has a lid on top (though I see to real purpose for that), but I guess if you carry it in a bag or purse it would help keep the shavings from falling out.
I probably will not ever buy another sharpener. I will stick with this one as long as they make them."
These were bad quality. The crystals were.super dull and the post backs kept sliding off. Not worth the money paid.
This broke within just a few uses. Will return and purchase a different one.
Provides great support for high impact activities. Have to position the gel portion around your knee cap just right or it hurts after about an hour of use.
Works as promised.
Works great on Prism Pencils... love it.
"Good pencil sharpener, assembled with steel blades that last long and provide an steady sharpening every time I need to.  There are two slots for wide or narrow sharpening angle that work well for my prismacolor and staedtler pencils.

I have noticed that the plastic lid is kind of easy to break so I have to handle it extra careful every time I open this sharpener.

It is semi transparent so I can easily check the amount of pencil debris inside the reservoir.  I can open and discard the contents without any hassle.

In short words, I do recommend this sharpener as it is reliable, decent price and does the job according to its designed.

Check the attached pictures for your review."
These are the best bags I can find for the big garbage cans in our barn. They aren't perfect but they work better than the ones I can find locally. We buy lots of these but this time for some strange reason we got clear blue bags instead of the usual black. Let's hope they hold up as well as the black ones.
Hard to put together after emptying. Not very good at sharpening colored pencils either.
This is a nice product. I bought it to specifically use with prismacolor colored pencils because the core of the pencils would easily break off in my other sharpeners. I haven't  had any problems  since.  The only thing I don't like is how to remove the top to empty the chamber. I actually  had to look it up on YouTube.  Lol
Works well with coloured pencils
"Ordered this with my Prismacolor pencils.  It does what it says - it sharpens pencils! (duh)  So far, so good.  It seems pretty gentle and is not pencil hungry like others I've tried with eyeliner pencils.  I like the flip top too, so it doesn't make a mess.  Yeah, I like this and would buy it again."
Perfect point everytime
Works fine!
Excellent for professional prismacolor pencils
Works very well with Prismacolor pencils - just be careful you don't ofersharpen when you first try it out.
A good sharpener with two different sizes depending on the point I want. The lead has gotten stuck a few times. It works well on graphite but on softer pencils the blade is a bit to deep leaving a rough edge when finished sharpening.
"Nice, use my pencils"
"sharpens very well, just wish it was designed differently to open. But would buy again because of the way it sharpens, and the ability to hold the shavings for a while."
"great product, works well..."
This works well with my Prisma Color pencils. Sleek. Sharpen your pencils with style.
Effectively sharpens pencils wuthout breakage.
"Fills up QUICKLY.  I have broken a few points using this.  It is ""OK"", but think I probably could have done better."
Absolutely love this sharpener! It is easy to pack and take with you. Don't have any problems with shavings getting loose. It works great with ANY brand of pencil. Like that it has 2 different holes to give different lengths. Sometimes you need a really sharp point. Recommend!
"If you invest in a set of Prismacolors, chances are you'll have a lot of lead breakage in standard sharpeners. Don't do it! This sharpener is designed to work with Prismacolor pencils and it works great. Better than any other sharpener I've used, and it minimizes lead breakage, which gives your product more longevity. It feels very ergonomic to the touch and easy to empty out the shavings. The flip top is another great feature to keep shavings from dumping all over when not in use."
"Felt a little daft because couldn't figure out how to empty it at first, not easy to get the top off to do so. However, makes a wonderful sharpener, perfect points. Does not eat my colored pencils. Very nice sharpener."
"This sharpener worked very well at first, giving sharp points without breaking the pencil tip. I really liked it and was disappointed when, after just a short time, the sharpener became less sharpening and more often grinding the pencil down and breaking it. I ordered another thinking that maybe my first one was defective, but I had the same experience. I'm looking for a good, more reliable, sharpener."
Excellent for prismacolor pencils!!
Pretty good sharpener.  It stays MUCH sharper than the dollar ones from the Dollar store.
This sharpener will make your Prismacolor Pencils have a sharp precision point for getting into tiny detailed areas. There is very little waste to the pencil when you use this sharpener.
Perfect for what I needed.
"Works very well with my Prismacolor pencils, which I expected.  I feel like a dummy, because at first, I could not figure out how to unscrew the thing to get the shavings out.. haha!! Great product!  I would NOT sharpen my precious Prismacolors in just any old random pencil sharpener."
I love the Prismacolor pencils but have found other sharpeners that work better. It is satisfactory though.
"I had a heck of a time with my old pencil sharpener breaking the lead of any softer leaded colored pencils because of the narrow angle.  This sharpener turned the breakage into a rarity with the wider angle sharpener!  It's so wonderful, I've bought a couple extras just in case they're discontinued."
"Doesn't work on my colored pencils, only regular pencils."
love the two sizes and seems very sharp
I haven't had any issues with this sharpener. It works great with soft core Prismacolor pencils. It's shape is pretty basic. It's not twisted like the photo. Once piece of dark plastic wraps around the other. I guess it might help it not slip in your hand but it's probably just supposed to make it look cool.
I love the different cutting styles. Smooth as butter. Highly recommend for your Prismacolors!
Nice sharpener.
Sharpens pencils better than any other sharpener I've purchase.
I finally found a great sharpener for my prismacolor pencils...this sharpener in no doubt will not chew up the pencil. I also have learned by trail and error that if you hold the pencil and twist the sharpener with in 3 complete rotations your pencil gets sharp. I recommend using the side with the smaller point that way the lead come to a small sharp point that is strong enough to last...I am in no way an artist but coloring in the adult books like muscle cars trains ETC. helps me cope with my PTSD...I would highly recommend this sharpener to anyone who is starting out using adult coloring books and prismacolor pencils....
"I don't know why, but this pencil sharpener works better than any other sharpener I've ever used. Not only do you have a choice of two different types of points that you can sharpen too, but it also sharpens very easily and quickly with minimal effort. I highly recommend it."
"No issues... Yet, it hasn't been very long."
Prismacolor makes FINE products. Always has.
Worls really well with my woodless colored pencils. :)
Good product. Well made.
"As far as the sharpener itself goes, it works great. It does what it's supposed to do. The problem is with the cover. I've had it for a few weeks and the top plastic that covers the holes has broken off. It snaps back on, but each time I try to remove the cover to empty the shavings the entire top comes off again keeping me from emptying it. It's a pain, and because of that I don't recommend you buying this one.

Update: I feel crazy, but just realized that I was trying to remove the lid wrong. The entire dark plastic section comes off, and not just at the top where the seam is. Because of this, I move it up to four stars. Sorry about that."
This is the best pencil sharpener I've ever used. I have had a very small number of leads break by comparison to other sharpeners.
"My coworker suggested we try this, this is the best sharpener we have ever had. Go no further! We never break the tips anymore and it is sharp and has been excellent for several months. We color often so it definatelly gets used a lot! I will be buying a few extras for my backpack and such!!"
Does the job!
Product was fine but delivery took forever and I had to reorder.
Works great
Sharpens my oil pencils very nicely. I no issues
Perfect for the Prismacolor pencils and does a great job.
"Very nice pencil sharpener.  I read where you should not use an electric sharpener on colored pencils.  This sharpener allows you to have control over the amount of wood taken off the pencil.  I like that this one has two different holes for different points.  It will sharpen to a very sharp point. At first I thought it was a little expensive, but after using it and the results that I get, I have decided that it is well worth the cost.  If you have colored pencils you probably need this product."
Works great on my prismacolor premier pencils. I have had no problems so far with the sharpener.
Love this sharpener for my colored pencils.
All other pencil sharpeners chew up my prismacolor pencils. This one is well worth the money!
Good!
"Good product, but I recommend having an electric sharpener as well."
I haven't had any breakage or cracking of my Prismacolor pencils wit his sharpener. Sharpens to a very fine point as well.
Great sharpener. Love the 2 different ways to sharpen
Great pencil sharpener for the price!
"very quick delivery, good quality."
"Works, nothing fancy for the cost though."
"I have the green single Prismacolor sharpener and am very pleased with that one, but this is better.  It's nice to have the choice of two different tip shapes.  I like to press hard sometimes and the lessy pointy tip is stronger and less easily broken under pressure.  But the other side still gives the option for a longer, sharp point.  And the design is classy!  Cool curves, bigger storage for shavings, meaning less trips to the trash can."
So far this sharpener is the best I've tried!  My hand does get tired out if I do more than 20 pencils at a time and the holder fills up quick with the pencil shavings.
"Pencil sharpener works well but is a little tricky to empty.  The top portion is recessed into the base and you must pull it out to get the shavings out.  The only way to pull it out is by tugging on the plastic lid that is a single piece of hinged plastic.  The plastic hinge is very flimsy and I'm pretty sure the lid is just going to rip off one day.  When that happens, we'll no longer be able to empty the container."
I am very pleased with this sharpener.  I had tried several different types of sharpeners and they were destroying my pencils.  This one gives me the results Inwas looking for.
Best sharpener for the prismacolor pencils.
"Great but I only use one side of this dual sharpener. I don't use The side designated for the long point because it makes the soft lead of the prismacolors premiers break off very easily. Using the short point end gives me a great point, sharp and long enough for me and I press hard for dense coverage."
This sharpens very well and doesn't seem to waste that much pencil doing so.  I'm very happy I ordered it along with my colored pencils.
Love the way it sharpens. But my case is breaking right where the top sits in the thing that catches all the shavings.. and I've only had it for a couple weeks.
Fine .
I bought this specifically for my Prismacolor pencils but find myself using my cheaper sharpener instead.  This one just seems like the holes are not right or something when I go to sharpen.  I have to really angle the pencils right and try to press and twist along where it shaves in order for it to even make contact enough to sharpen the pencils.  It annoys me actually.
"It's a pencil sharpener - who cares? Right??

Well, this pencil sharpener surprised me. I don't know if the blades are sharper - or if I've simply bought and used junk in the past. This sharpener takes only minimal effort to sharpen my new Prismacolor pencils. The 2 sharpening options really are functional - offering a sharp point for fine work and a wide point for easier shading. It seems like a silly point (no pun intended) but the flip-up lid is great as well as it prevents the spilling of pencil shavings in my pack. I almost didn't buy this item - thought I'd save a buck by going to the local dollar store - but I'm glad I purchased it: it works really well and has earned its keep!"
cap doesnt stay on
amazing!! thanks
Works great love it!
"I've tried many pencil sharpeners, and for an on the go one, this is the best by far."
This sharpener works perfectly for my prismacolor pencils.
"This pencil sharpener does such a smooth job of sharpening my colored pencils.  I like that I have the option of two kinds of points on my pencils since I use them for various projects.  Mostly I love the smooth sharpening and that it doesn't break the point as many sharpeners do.  The size and shape makes it easy to grip while sharpening.

I've been pleased with the Prismacolor items I've bought for their quality."
Delivery was right away and product was as expected.
I like the two different sizes but I don't think it gives a very sharp point.
"I love this sharpener. It sharpens pencils to a hard pointed tip of Colour , and since I have been using this sharpener , I seem to be breaking lead a lot better , which of course saves me money on new pencils"
Awesome little sharpener. Puts an awesome point on the pencils and keeps things tidy.
gift
"Sharpens quite nicely, BUT, extremely difficult to open to empty shavings. It is broken now!  We are using electricians tape to hold it together. !!"
This sharpener was a great purchase! I bought this to use with my Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Colored Pencils and was not disappointed. This sharpener sharpens very well and so far hasn't become dull.
Way better than using regular sharpener but the top does come off way too easily & broke really fast but maybe that was just mine. Other than that the blades are great for what they're meant to do & I'm glad I bought it.
As described
"Sharpens fine, nothing special. But in less than a year the plastic has cracks up and down the sharpener, long wise. The top doesn't stay in well anymore, it kind of just falls off and the shavings fly out. It has been well cared for and had normal weekly use."
"This sharpener is awesome! It's sharp and get's the job done. The shavings container holds a lot & you will find you don't need to constantly empty it out. The price is great, the product is great, & the quality is definitely there!"
Great sharpener with two different size sharpening holes
shaving catcher cracked on my second dump
"its ok, not any better than any other sharpener, wanted a sharpener that would give a nice sharp point, and this one really doesn't."
Thank you
Worth the money.  I kept breaking leads with every other sharpener I bought.  This one is great.  Doesn't eat the entire pencil to get a sharp point.
Appear ok so far
Used it a few times worked well.
Great and shipped fast
Great sharpener.
Good product
It does only a fairly good job in sharpening the prismacolor pencils.
Great sharpener for Prismacolor especially when traveling.
A nice sharpener.
A Very handy pencil sharpener. I keep it with my colored pencils and don't have to go to the electric sharpener every time I need one sharpened.
Have used many of the pencil box sharpeners before and the wall mounted ones.  This one is a great too for an artist.  It is really nice to have to option to have a more broad or pointed tip.  Haven't had any issues with pencils not sharpening correctly.
I pondered the right pencil sharpener because I've spent significant money on my complete set of prismacolor soft core pencils.  I also have prismacolor Verithins. I started with the prismacolor scholar sharpener.  It did okay but i wanted something that would give a better point. This prismacolor premier sharpener is great! The cutting blades quite sharp and the 2 point choices are ideal for both pencil types.  My soft core pencil get a great point. Highly recommend. For 5 stars make the pull off top more obvious. Took me awhile and some force before i figured it out and it shouldn't be that hard!  ;)
Works like a charm!! Thanks!
Great pencil sharpener for your colored pencils. It doesn't eat the pencils up and gives them a nice point. I recommend this sharpener over the cheap versions that don't work so well.  I bought two that is how much I like it.
This is a great sharpener and it works well on the Prismacolor pencils. I would definitely recommend.
Its okay; wonder how an electric one would work?
Whoa! This things works really well!
Excellent pencil sharpener for my coloring pencils.  Can't do without it. I especially like the fact that it has two different sharpeners under the cover.
Works well with my Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils.
Love
I love this pencil sharpener. Would definetely buy again
Lovet
My friend loved it!
Great product.. on time delivery on Christmas eve
This was a gift for someone else.
Works super well with any prismacolour pencil!!
Arrived in adequate packaging. Product functions with both Prismacolor pencils as well as with pencils manufactured from substandard materials.
sharpens well
Only sharpener I use for my prismacolor pencils.
Works well to sharpen colored pencils. I researched a few other brands and decided to go with this one because I was familiar with this brand.
"This is a good sharpener, but as others mentioned, it is really hard to open the cap. It was a challenge for me since the first time and unfortunately I broke mine just after 4 or 5 uses.
They should build a cap that can better resist if this is a solid and durable sharpener. Disappointed !!"
Works really well.  Very happy with it.
This is an excellent pencil sharpener.  I use this for sharpening colored pencils used for my adult coloring books.  It gets used alot and I have had mine for over a year and use it almost daily.  I do occasionally sharpen a graphite pencil in each of the sharpeners to clear off wax build up from the colored pencils.  This trick keeps the sharpener working like the day I got it.  I would definitely recommend.
Cutting blade wasn't smooth
thanks
"I ordered this sharpener for my Prismacolor Premier pencils. I had just purchased the 132 pencil set, so I needed a good sharpener for my pencils. I decided to go with the same brand for the sharpener. It's a great sharpener! It has two different holes, so you can sharpen your pencil to a longer point or a shorter one. That's a nice option to have. I haven't figured out yet what the difference would be, but I am sure I will with some experimenting. The sharpener has a cool shape that fits nicely in my hand. The sharpener catches the shavings. It also has a plug for the top of it, so you can close it. This keeps the shavings from falling out if the sharpener is traveling in a pencil pouch, backpack, etc. Great purchase! My only wish is that the sharpener could fit inside the tin with the pencils."
Great sharpener. A little hard to open in order to empty.
Part of a combined set of art supplies.  This was included in a birthday box.  The size is great.  Excellent price.  I'm very pleased.
"I am editing my review of this pencil sharpener. I bought it at the end of January and was happy with it at first although I initially had trouble getting it open to empty the pencil shavings. I began having problems with broken leads about 2 weeks ago and now, after having only used it for a little over a month, it no longer sharpens pencils. It got almost daily use during that time but it should last longer. There are no replacement blades available that I can find. It was reasonably priced but not if it needs to be replaced every 2 months!"
The Prismacolor Pencil Sharpener has both a slot for creating a sharp and a more blunt point on Prismacolor pencils.  I really like being able to get a very sharp point for small areas and details and this sharpener does the trick.  I love that it has its own container for the shavings as it prevents a lot of mess. The top comes off easily for disposal of the shavings but not so easily that it flies off when you use it.  Nice product!
Can't figure out how to open it!
"Great sharpener for colored pencils and your regular pencils as well. Unfortunately, I dropped it and it cracked the plastic but surprisingly it did not break apart. You can hardly even tell it was dropped. Very well made. Great product!"
I like this sharpener and I do not get a mess with it when I use it.  It contains the pencil shavings easily which is a problem I do have with another brand's sharpener.
daughter loved these
"I've tried numerous sharpeners, and this is by far the best one I've used.  I get super-sharp points on my pencils, and not having to deal with shavings going everywhere is wonderful."
Good
Great with my Prismacolor Premiers
Looks very durable but haven't used it as of yet.
Works amazing with my daughter's pencils!
My daughter needed a good hand-held sharpener for her art. This is perfect! No more broken leads or crooked sharpening. Even on the super pricey Derwent pencils this works perfectly every time!
Dual sharpener. Works flawlessly.
"Sharpens my Raffine colored pencils beautifully--the very sharp blades cut cleanly, and you have two options for the shape of the tip. There's also a nice large reservoir for shavings. You need this for your colored pencils."
The shape of the pencil sharpener makes it easy to hold and use.  I like that it collects the pencil shavings. Has two different size holes.  And it is made by my favorite Prismacolor brand.
Fantastic sharpener. No complaints :-)
good
"Does what a sharpener should do, could probably get away with a regular sharpener though, no need to pay $9."
Works really well especially when you use the small point side.
Broke trying to empty it the very first time!!!!  I do NOT recommend at all!!!!
simple to use and efficient
"Great sharpener for my prismacolor pencils, as well as my Marco Raffine pencils. Two different hole sizes as options are nice."
Love them
I wouldve expected a much better quality sharpener from Prismacolor.  My eyeliner pencil sharpener does way better than this
Very satisfied with this sharpener. Does a nice job.
There are cheaper sharpeners out there that work just as well.
"Takes a bit of effort to get a good 'fine' tip, but it works."
Great artist's  tool for professional colored pencils or regular pencils
Great sharpener.  Pencils don't break with it.
Love how nice this is for colored pencils the fact that you can sharpen your pencils to a very nice tip for detail work makes it worth the money. I'm very glad I purchased this.
Best sharpener I've found yet!
I own a cheap set of crazy art colored pencils from Walmart and this sharpener works great. Very few broken leads.
This is an absolutely awesome pencil sharpener. I'm throwing away all the cheap ones. It has two sharpeners under the cover. It is the best ever pencil sharpener with European blades.
"Easy to use, loved the two-sided sharpener function."
"I am so disappointed in this sharpener! I really thought that I would get a good sharpener that would last awhile, especially since it cost $10. I love the way it sharpens, it brings the pencils to a sharp point in a few seconds and doesn't break the lead. When I first received it, I first figured out how to take the shavings receptacle off and did that the first time with no problem. HOWEVER....the 2nd time I tried to remove it to empty the shavings, the whole lidded top came unglued from the sharpeners. There are 2 slots it goes into, but it just comes right out again. The top, which has the holes to stick you pencils in, along with the sharpener itself has to come off in order to empty it. You have to gently pull the lidded top, which I did and it came unglued. I had to pry the sharpener off with a tiny knife. I can still use the sharpener, but not the shavings receptacle. I am very disappointed in this!!! I may as well go to the Dollar Store and get a cheap $1 sharpener!"
"Was nervous about sharpening my new, expensive colored pencils.  Held the pencil in my non-dominant hand and turned the sharpener with the other hand--worked like a charm!!!"
Best pencil sharper
"Sharpeners the pencil but the blade dulls rather quickly also.  A few times of the unit, an it needs a new blade,"
"This pencil sharpener worked seamlessly with my Primsacolor Colored Pencils. The sharpener is the perfect size and allows for 2 settings, easy to open to remove shaving, however it does not detach without at least a little force -- which saves you from quite the mess."
You definitely need this sharpener if you use Prisma colored pencils. It helps save the majority of the pencil when sharpening
The top keeps falling off and my colored pencils keep breaking
Good
Great
Not the best sharpener which sounds crazy since I use prismacolor pencils.
"Works as well as I expected it to.  Just be careful to not press your more delicate pencils too firmly into it as it could damage the tip....otherwise, I am very satisfied.  Use this all the time without too many problems."
great sharpener  - absolutley meets my expectations
makes a nice point to your pencils.
Good one I will buy again
"This is the best pencil sharpener I have ever used. I'm so glad I got it, because with it, my colored pencils can last longer."
Works great with the colored pencils
Good sharpener
Problems using the side meant for longer tip sharpening.  Lead tends to break off.  Still trying to figure out how to empty it. Wouldn't buy it again.
"This is a very good sharpener for adult coloring.  There are two choices for sharping, each works very well."
Love it!
sharpens fantastic for the prisma's  a must have
Works great! I use it with my prismacolor pencils. it doesn't eat them like some sharpeners do.
Works great for colored pencils.
Awesome sharpener for my color pencils.
Perfect for coloring pencils.  2 holes to sharpen very pointy or wide and pointy.  Highly satisfied.
You need with prism pencils. Good product
I purchased this to use with the Prismacolor colored pencils I use for adult coloring books.  It seems to be a good quality sharpener!
I love that there are two options for sharpening! So convenient!
"It's a good sharpener for the most part. I had hoped though, that it would sharpen the Prismacolor Premier pencils without breaking the tips now and then. I know that's part of their nature due to being soft, and this sharpener does it less than other sharpeners I've used... but it still breaks them sometimes which is frustrating. I've been actually using the broken off tips to avoid wasting them because I'm stubborn!"
Sharpens the pencils wonderfully! No waste so no loosing expensive pencils to to much grinding away.
Both sharpeners work great. A little difficult to empty.
Short points or long thin points
Works well with the Prisma Colir Pencils.
Very high quality. I will never buy another brand.
Works quite well.  No complaints.
"Best pencil sharpener ever!!!! Easy to open, easy to clean and easy to use. Has 2 different ways to sharpen and I cant say enough good things about it. If you have half a brain, you can figure out how easy it is to open. It sharpens quickly without grinding down your pencils. Opened right away for me. LOVE IT!!!"
Works great for graphite pencils
Great for the price and it's good for prisma pencils
"my wife has recently begun spending her free time on adult coloring books (not THAT kind you dirty bird), so I bought her this pencil sharpener because 1) it containerizes the shavings and 2) the two sharpening sizes are great for making broad and fine points on your pencils"
These are okay but save money and buy the same quality at your local big box store.
I thought pencil sharpeners were all created alike...but I was wrong.  I love this sharpener and will use it often...it is smooth going around the pencil and catches the wood which is great.  It comes with two openings one for small and one for larger pencils...I have used both sides on my regular size pencils and it works great.
Nice. Sharpens both fine and normal pencils
"wonderful, love it."
This an outstanding sharpener. Much better than the first brand I ordered. It works great on all pencils--not just Prismacolor. I highly recommend this sharpener.
This works very well on the soft core pencils.
Great deal.
"I searched in every major store around here for an enclosed manual pencil sharpener. Nothing, it is like they do not exist, I mean who uses pencils. So I am so glad I bought/found this one. it works great for my spectracolor soft color pencils.  Sharpens to a very nice point without burning major calories!"
"I was skeptical--a hand-held pencil sharpener is a hand-held pencil sharpener, you know?  But this really does make a difference.  Much less breakage of my colored pencil leads, and it sharpens them quickly with only a couple of turns.  It also works better than the electric sharpener we have.  It is definitely worth the slight premium over a regular hand-held sharpener.

I have succumbed to the adult coloring book trend, and this thing has made that pastime so much more relaxing, because I used to try and eke more use out of the pencil between each sharpening, and would end up making smudgy,- outside-the-lines marks on my pages that bothered me.  Now, I can just grab the sharpener right next to me, and with a couple of quick twists I am able to go back to coloring even the most detailed pages."
it is a very good sharpener
Sharpens my colored pencils great! Sharpener has two holes to choose either a fine or a more blunt point. Perfect for my adult coloring books with all the small details. Holds enough shavings where it does not need to be dumped every sharpen. Nice quality and portable. Can't ask for more.
"This pencil sharpener looks good, but works no better than an inexpensive plastic sharpener (the type used by young school children). It's somewhat difficult to open the cap on the top, and to remove and empty the cup that holds the shavings."
serves it's purpose
Perfect for all of my pencils. Allows me to tune points to suit project
Super sharp. Does a great job on the pencils.
Given as a birthday gift along with coloring pencils and coloring books.  The recipient is very happy with the sharpener and says it does a wonderful job keeping her many pencils sharp.
Best Sharpener Yet For Prismacolor Premier Pencil !
"THE tool to have for your awesome Prismacolor pencils. Offers a choice of sharpening angle - the shorter depth that new pencils have, or a longer depth of sharpened edge to increase the color area. Well worth the investment in maintaining your top-choice colored pencils."
"Perfect for the Prismacolor pencils.  I bought this after buying two sets of Prismacolor pencils and both my adult children love it.  Gives you two choices of point, does not waste as much ""lead"" and am only sorry I did not buy these together with the pencils.  See my review of the Prismacolor  pencil set (132 colors)  Would not hesitate to recommend this and the pencils and if fact would suggest if you want to get into this hobby and it is great fun, buy Prismacolor."
Breaks the pencil lead.
I have a really hard time understanding how and why so many people have had such difficulties with this product. I absolutely LOVE it. I have used it on MANY pencils of different types and brands and have had zero issues. When the razor dulls out on this- I hope this is still available to repurchase.
"could work better ,cover broke off ."
"Once you really start your coloring, this size has to be emptied so often that a larger size would be better..of course, a hand held sharpener can't be very big for the hand! soooo ..if you don't mind that drawback, it is fine."
Does the job for which it was intended.
"It maybe me, but I seem to be breaking off alot of my lead using this sharpener. Going to get an electric one to see if that helps. Other than that...
The sharpener is well made, easy to use, does a good job of putting a point on the pencil. Easy to empty without a lot of mess."
Neither side sharpens as well as the little free one that. Came with pencil set
This is an absolute must if you are using prismacolor pencils! It works great with both the verithin and premier pencils.
This is the best pencil sharpener I have ever had. I never knew pencil sharpeners could be so good. I figured they were all the same. This makes a fresh clean point in only a few turns. It is very sharp and doesn't eat up half your pencil trying to get a point. I use it on my Primsmacolor pencils. It took me a little bit to figure out how to empty it but I think that was just me. I highly recommend this.
works great for our colored pencils. I really like being able to change the shape/size of the pencil tip just by using this. Highly recommend it!
Great for Primsacolor soft pencils & has a lid gor travel
"This sharpens the pencils well, but I won't recommend this sharpener because I purchased 2 of these (1 @ a time) and they have a design fault. In order to empty the shavings you have to pry it open with a screw driver or similar object EVERYTIME!  When I got the first one I thought it was user error, so I ordered another & found the same thing."
Silly design that has nothing to do with functionality.  Get a simple one.
I got the adult coloring book and i love the vibrant colors of the pencils...a good selection of colors
Bought this eraser for my colored pencils.  It has two  holes for sharpening and works wonderfully.
not a bad sharpener...thought it would be a good on for my prismacolors
good for on the go
"If you have prismacolor colored pencils, this is a must have."
Works great for the color pencils
LUV
this sharpener is not one to be carried around. it broke in a week and constantly popped open getting pencil shavings in my bag all the time...
This is a great sharpener for Prismacolor pencils.
Beautiful city lord. Easy to shade with.
nice
Fantastic sharpener!
None of my colored pencils are ever dull with this handy dandy angled twisty razor.
"It sharpens, but you have to be careful when you open it, 1/3rd ends up on your clothing."
Sharpens beautifully! I just wish they made it easier to empty.
"I was using a cheaper pencil sharpener and it just ground up my prismacolor pencils.  This one sharpens quickly and without extreme waste.  Very tricky to figure out how to open the box for cleaning, but then after we figured it out, it's embarrassingly easy."
Excelent product
Works as expected.
Works really well. Watch the video though. I sharpen the way they tell you to and have little breakage now.
"So far, so good with this sharpener!"
Sucks go with faber castell trio sharpener
"Nothing seems to work as well as authentic Prisma products on Prisma colored pencils. Less colored pencils wasted, SWEEET! Works great. Does also work great on Prisma color sticks."
Sharpest pencil sharpener I have ever used. It sharpen my prismacolor pencils to a beautiful point.
"This sharpens my colored pencils to a fine perfect point and doesn't break them at all. I love it! I draw daily, and this sharpener is a savior."
"This is just okay. It's a basic, normal pencil sharpener; the only real benefit to me is the hole that specifically makes a very sharp point on the prismacolor verithin pencils. I got it as a Christmas present for my grandmother, and unfortunately it turns out is VERY difficult to open. The first one broke when we tried and I had to replace it. When you do get it open, it consistently spills pencil shavings EVERYWHERE, so be sure to use it over a trashcan!! If you can remember to do that and don't mind have to tug a bit, I guess you'll do fine, but you'd do fine with a basic little metal sharpener, too."
Great for my Prisma's
"I use the Prismacolor pencils for adult coloring - this sharpener is great for those!  It is very sharp and functional.  I can easily pack the sharpener with my colored pencils and travel with them.  I am ordering another sharpener for my makeup pencils, as I struggle getting those expensive lip and highlighter pencils sharp!"
"good product, exactly as described
wish there were ridges on the side of the removable top for grip to make it easier to remove top so you can empty the shavings, but other than that product works great and has a good feel to it."
I love this this sharpener doesn't tear my pencils up. I love it!
Excellent product
"Gets lots of use, works well."
"High quality sharpening, has 2 sizes, narrow and wider gauge specifically designed for the Prismacolor pencils.  If you own Prismacolor, you need this sharpener."
"Finding a good sharpener can be hard, seriously. They don't sharpen evenly or the break off the tip... But not this one! I use it with my Prismacolor colored pencils and it's works fabulously !"
"Works just fine, and very affordable.  Thanks."
The sharpener worked perfectly on my prismacolor pencils!
"We bought Prisma Premier pencils and wanted to keep the points in the same shape, fine tip, and longer lasting with the Prisma pencil sharpener. This sharpener is specially designed to provide two styles of points, depending on your art needs.  This sharpener is well designed and has quality sharpening blades for both styles of points. Every pencil is sharpened perfectly. Other sharpeners make the point to long and thin and remove too much wood which needlessly uses up the pencil faster. The fine thin points break easily which forces multiple sharpening sessions which should have been one.  If you have colored pencils, this is the sharpener for you...It will create a perfect point every time, without wasting the pencil. If you like a longer thinner point...This sharpener does that too...You will not be disappointed with this sharpener."
Love them.
Well worth the investment for my colored pencils!  Two options for sharpening points.  Sharp blades make for smooth turning without breaking pencil leads.
Thanks
Perfect thankyou
Works as expected!
WORKS GREAT FOR ADULT COLORING BOOK PENCELS
just two words THE BEST!
It is hard to sharpen the pencils without breaking the colored core.
Best sharpener I have found
Had an issue with other sharpeners breaking the tips and I figured if I use the right one with my prismacolors it wouldn't do that... still does.works good for the most part but knife works better
"I received this Pencil Sharpener with my Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Colored Pencil, Set of 24 Assorted Colors.  Great pencil sharpener.  Doesn't give a long point that breaks easily, but instead sharpens to get the best used from the pencils."
Excellent addition to the pencil set
"Great sharpener! Never have a problem with this style. This is my second one: one for my desk, one for travel!"
"I bought  this in August of last year. I was just starting to color. I thought it a was great product at first. Loved the fact that it had the little container attached so I would not have to go to the trash can each time I sharpened a pencil. It was kind of a hit and miss with the sharpening and the tips breaking. At first I thought I had lost the touch for sharpening, but then too many tips were coming off and tips were getting stuck too often. So I started using one of those little old school metal sharpeners that actually came with my Prismacolor pencils. Much, much better. Tips were fine. However, it was very annoying to have to dispense of the shavings so I kept coming back to it. Today, I'm giving up. It really breaks more tips then it's worth and now it has also cracked to the point of all pieces falling a part. In my opinion not worth the money."
Perfect! does the job!!!
"I ordered this when I ordered the Prismacolor Verithin Colored Pencils thinking it would work better than a normal pencil sharpener. Boy, was I wrong! First of all, it did not easily sharpen the pencils to a sharp point and the lead on 2 of the 5 I sharpened with this broke before I ever used them. I used an electric pencil sharpener to sharpen the rest which worked great. Secondly, it was impossible to figure out HOW to empty it. I thought it might just be me, but I had my husband try and he couldn't figure it out either. Needless to say, I am returning it today!"
This is the best sharpener I have ever owned
"It sharpens very well, but the only reason why I took off one star because the plastic that is attached to the side came off and I can never figure it out how to put it back since it's concave shaped. And the top part easily broke."
Very disappointed with this sharpener. It does a great job sharpening but it is too hard to empty and it broke and is useless after the 3rd time I emptied it.
"The metal sharpener itself works very well on color pencils.  However, the plastic case was impossible for me to open so that I could toss the pencil shavings.  I finally had to break apart the plastic case to remove the metal sharpener and throw away the shavings, and then I discarded the useless plastic case pieces.  The design of the case is poor, and had I known this I would have just purchased a metal sharpener, which is what I have now."
It was complicated to figure out how to empty. But once you figure it out is pretty easy.
Delivered as shown
I use this with the Ecocity pencils.  I had bought another one and it didn't seem to work at all.  This one really sharpens the pencils and has a second style to sharpen with if you don't want the super sharp tip.  Opening it up to empty is tricky (I had to google it!) but once you figure that out it is a great sharpener .
"I don't know what happened with my app, but I wrote a review for the colored pencil pack I bought along with this sharpener and it ended up on this item review.... So that's weird. Anyhoo, good pencil sharpener. Works great with the same brand pencils. I don't get why some sharpeners seem to only work with same brand pencils. I haven't tried this on any other brand. A bit $ at 6 bucks for a sharpener but I splurged."
"This is a great addition to the prismacolor pencils.  I like that it gives you the option of a long short point or a shorter, fatter point."
CERTAINLY MAKES KEEPING A GOOD TIP ON YOUR PENCIL & CONTAINS THE MESS. FITS GOOD IN MY HAND AS WELL.
Just what I hoped for.
works great
Shipping very good. Hate the sharpener
"Ok, I am SUPER picky about my colored pencils. I know, it sounds weird, but I love my PrismaColor pencils and can tell the difference when I use a cheap sharpener. I tried this one only because it's made by PrismaColor as well. It was so cheap I was worried it wouldn't work well. Well, it works great! You have two shapes to choose from.
The only reason it didn't get five stars is because sometimes it's hard to pop the bottom off to empty it."
"I ordered the Prismacolor pencil sharpener for sharpening my Prismacolor  colored pencils as I'm one of the millions of people who've jumped on the bandwagon of adult coloring.  I find the gentle art of coloring is soothing to my senses and I suppose there is something nostalgic in the choosing of colors and filling in the spaces in the coloring books made just for this purpose.

I can find no flaw in the way this sharpener sharpens and I had anticipated it to eat up my expensive pencils the way the old school cigar box sharpener used to do.  But I happily found this not to be true.  It only sharpens until a point is achieved and then will sharpen no more.  I had a little trouble emptying the shavings, but after several non aggressive attempts, had it figured out.  I've used this for about three months now and haven't had it break even one lead.  Very pleased with it."
Purchased as a gift
Great pencil sharpener.  I use it for my colored pencils and it works super.  I bought another one for my friend.
"I got this as part of another set.  I'm very thankful to the people who answered the questions in how to empty it.  Seems like it would be obvious but it wasn't easy to find.  I had to ""break"" it down before I found the where top separates.

Aside from that is worked great on my graphite pencils, very smooth sharpening and giving me a nice clean tip with no breakage.  It also sharpened my Raffine colored pencils very nicely, also with no chips or breakage.

Granted it's working as intended brand new, and it's probably as sharp as any other manual sharpener.  The test will be to see how long it lasts compared to those other sharpeners.

I took the one star off because of the lack of directions to remove the cap for emptying.  In my attempts the plastic bit with the holes came off first and I didn't want to risk breaking it so didn't try too hard on removing the center piece where the actual sharpener sits.  Found it quite by accident."
A must-have if you are purchasing prismacolor colored pencils. I've already done some significant sharpening with this and have yet to experience any broken or uneven tips using this sharpener.
"I bought this, along with the prismacolor pencils. prismacolor pencils are a MUST first of all. But 2nd. the sharpener is great. I really like it its sharp doesn't take a lot to sharpen the pencils. once in awhile it does something funny to the led/color/end part, but not really. do another twist n all good:) I wanted an old school pencil sharpener like the ones from school but got this for now & very happy with it! I'm choosing 4 instead of 5, not really sure of a reason. haven't had experience with other sharpeners I suppose lol."
Why didn't I have this pencil sharpener in high school? It is probably the best hand held pencil sharpener I've ever used!
perfect
I lave the sharpener it has 2 holes for different points collects all the shavings and doesn't eat my pencils away
"Very satisfied with this sharpener. Was leery of other saying how it broke their their lead but I've used it on several pencils so far and no issues. Was a tad confused on how to open it at first. I was afraid on breaking it but once I figured it out I felt kind of silly!
For anyone else having this issue: Pull solid black side piece straight off. Wrap hand around the top and lift up."
Does what you expect a sharpener to do.
Does what it says it does. Would buy again.
works great on art pencils
"works well, a bit pricey, but knew that going in.  Difficult to open to empty out the shavings, but better than if it were to open on it's own."
very sharp
I was disappointed in this product. I thought it was bigger.
Didn't work with my new Prismacolor Premier colored pencils.  Broke the point right off.  Got a $1.50 metal sharpener and it works like a charm.
Great product
This works really well on expensive prismacolor pencils without much waste at all.  Worth the few extra bucks because of that to me
"Haven't used it yet. But looks great. Comfortable to hold. Love that it has two sizes of blades for sharpening - one more pointed, one wider."
"The pencil sharpener is great.  Not only does it sharpen in 2 different shapes, it also does a clean sharpening. No tip has broken of before I was done and the shave is even.. Perfect for my colored pencils"
"I hesitated to buy this sharpener when I saw the mixed reviews. I received it today and couldn't be happier with it. It sharpens smoothly and to a fine point as promised, perfect for my Prismacolor Verithin pencils. Worth the price."
"Yes, you can get a crappy little plastic square to sharpen your pencils for 99 cents, but you get what you pay for. This is a high-quality sharpener that has two options for type of pencil point you want to make. It is absolutely perfect for use with good quality colored pencils. It hold a good amount of pencil shavings securely, and you won't dump the mess on your desk by accident."
Does the trick and has two different sharpeners one for a long skinny point and one for a shorter wider point. It's definitely worth it to buy a better pencil sharpener like this for colored pencils.
I really needed a great colored pencil sharpener my very expensive colored pencils were getting ate up by sharpeners I really needed something that was going to allow me to keep the pencils I was going thru so many pencils and those  pencils are not cheap so this works like a charm I didn't want to pay for a very expensive one I just wanted one that was going to do the job and not cost me an arm or a leg. I didn't realize that just any old pencil sharpener would work.. well its true you do need a special pencil sharpener this one was perfect I learned that after about five of them I even purchase the old time ones the ones you had in school where you put your pencil in and manually turn the lever..  this is a great buy it will save your pencils.. and you will save money I promise.. give it a try..
"Good sharpener for prismacolor pencils. Gets my pencils too a good point. I did have one pencil break while sharpening, but that may be due to that specific pencil, or even operator error since it's once out of probably 100's of sharpens."
Really like that the sharpener does both fine and slightly broader tips. Sharpens the pencils very easily too.
"Fine product, but disappointed in seller.  How in the world did you charge almost $12 for one, and now you're charging only $6.88?  I'm feeling a little ripped off."
A must have if you own the Prismacolor pencils!
Works!
"Purchased for my wife for her ""coloring art"" stuff.  She says she likes the sharpener and it works very well.  Nothing more I can say about it.  If she's happy then I am happy."
works well.
"I never realized how bad my old pencil sharpener was til I used this. It's amazing. Good blades, easy to hold, has a lid to minimize mess and easy to empty (but not to easy to happen accidentally), and plus two point options. Love it, excited to start coloring and creating easier now! I don't know how much sharpeners usually are but this isn't much for a great one!"
"Just a very good pencil sharpener.
Works good and very pleased with it.
Thank You."
"This is the best pencil sharpener, I've ever had.  No broken pencil leads, huge chamber for the wood shavings.  The only tricky part is opening the top to empty it.  First remove the top that just pops off, it protects the two different holes for 2 sharpening angles.  Then use your thumb and put tin the little indentation and push up with your thumb in the little divit right on the black part at the top of the sharpener.  You can feel the line between the part that lifts off and the part that doesn't.  It is tight, so it took me a while, but be careful you don't want to break it."
Perfect
Good product
Absolutely love this product. I was using a cheap sharpener that I for at a local drugstore and was continually breaking my expensive pencils. With this I have no problems at all.
"This DOES work well for soft core pencils.,,when it works the way it should. I contemplated repurchasing because mine broke rather quickly--the lid /sharpener portion never stays perfectly secure and eventually it just wouldn't stay put at all, but it seems the price has almost doubled from when I originally bought it, so... maybe not if it might break the same away again."
My son liked this very much. I will buy from them again.
great item
I can't believe how well this sharpener works with my Prisma colored pencils. Points are perfect and not much waste. No problems so far! Small enough to slip in my tin with the pencils. Easy to empty. I've tried several other sharpeners and this one is best. Well worth the cost.
"I love this sharpener. I've been using a (much more expensive) highly lauded KUM sharpener for a couple of years. It worked, and worked well. But the amount of sharpening required to put a point on was considerable. With this unit, I am able to put one or two turn on a pencil and get a fine point. I was emptying the KUM every hour, and with this unit I have used it for 2 days and am emptying it for the first time. It also sharpens my Verithin pencils nicely."
"Great Sharpener, the only one I own that doesn't break the charcoal pencils all the time. It does break them though, just not very often. Barrel keeps enough so you don't have to clean it all the time."
Very happy with this. It doesn't break my pencils like the other sharpeners do!
"Sharp blades, not too hard to use, good control of the pencil point, extremely portable, and easy to clean."
Works great
Thank you
Great add on when buying these rich kids colored pencils.
"I really wanted to like Prismacolor, I did. Let me explain.... I purchased 8 or 10 individual Prismacolor pencils to try, brought them home and tried to sharpen them with a Kum sharpener I have always used with great success and the wood splintered and leads broke on 3 of them one after the other. I returned the other pencils and purchased another popular brand that I have been happy with. Today I needed a few colors that were sold by Prismacolor and thought I would buy their sharpener to go along with the pencils. The sharpener works but because of the design the pencil is able to move while being sharpened causing the tips to break. For a 9.00 sharpener and the cost of the pencils that had to be over sharpened just to get a good point, I am not impressed. This will be the last time I purchase anything Prismacolor. The sharpener is over priced because of the name on the side and doesn't work well. It is cheaply made and difficult to empty because of the poorly designed top. Not recommended."
It came chipped and it only broke pencils
"Great sharpener,  love the 2 options for tip sharpness, very easy to use."
Really like this but wish the chamber that holds the shavings was a tad larger.
Very sharp and great quality - what I expected for the price.
"Breaks the pencil.... and how do you unload the shavings? Not very user-friendly or practical.

Get a Staedtler instead. They work just fine."
"This pencil sharpener works well with Prismacolor Premier colored pencils if you have a light touch. The reason I marked it as 3 stars is that it is not at all obvious how to open it to empty it. I didn't figure it out until after I had broken mine trying to pry it open. The first time I opened it, I just pulled up on the top cap and the top came away with the sharpening blades, allowing it to be emptied. The second time, I did the same thing and the top cap itself came up, leaving the sharpening blades and holder in the sharpener with no way to empty it. After prying it as gently as I could, and breaking it, I figured out that the top assembly with cap, blades and holder pops up if you push up at about the same point where you push up to open the cap but a little lower. The top assembly has to be aligned very carefully for it to snap back into the shaving reservoir properly. So I'm marking this product down for being too finicky and not at all intuitive about this frequently done process."
Perfect for colored pencils. Bought to sharpen prismacolor colored pencils. Didn't want to chew through them with electric sharpener. Top is a little finicky to remove to get rid of shavings but just what we wanted to sharpen soft colored pencils.
Love Love Love this sharpener!!
"Great sharpener. Doesn't take but a few turns. Lid is a little precarious, but as long as you don't force it (removing or replacing), you'll be fine."
"Sharpens okay but is a B-word to get off the lid to empty! One of the worse designs ever for those of us with hand problems, not handicap thoughtful.  The first one broke and Amazon replaced and waived sending it back since it would cost as much as the product.  I called directly and got a call back in mere seconds!  Kudos for Amazon service..main reason it is my go to online retailer.  Back to the sharpener.  The plastic cover that closes the top comes off almost the minute you attempt to get the lid off to empty pencil shavings.  Then with that plastic shield on the body of the barrel, good luck with that!  I finally found a letter opener that would pop it off without destroying the lid.  I was fiddling around with it last night and finally figured out how to get the logo shield off the body!  Would you believe now the lid pops on and off like a dream!? My advice pop the shield off the body that holds the shavings before popping off the lid. Hint; Has to be at least room temp if its been sitting out in a cold mailbox.  I would have given at least 4 stars if they had directions like I found out the hard way on how to empty.  5 stars if they would just get rid of the shield...maybe its for making it childproof?  But come on we all know most kids can undo child proof lids don't we?  Or they just want us to buy more sharpeners and think its our fault?  Not this colorist lady!"
Pleased with the ease of use and size. I recommend this for watercolor pencils.
Work well with a price better than the stores and no lost gas or my time!
Works well.  I haven't had any problems with it destroying or wasting my colorer pencils.
Best sharpener I have ever had. Definitely worth the extra money. What I found puzzling was if you buy the sharpener and blender pencils separate (which I did) it was cheaper than buying the combo pack.
"I love this pencil sharpener.  I know it's pricier, but it works like a charm.  I always manage to break pencils when I sharpen them, but this one doesn't break the pencils.  I've been using this excessively for a month now and only broken a pencil once!"
horrible horrible breaks all of my colored pencils.  Would not recommend .
"Works okay, broke off a piece of it before it's first use. Often the pencil gets stuck and breaks before I even finish sharpening it, but when it works it works like a dream."
"This pencil sharpener is average at best. I did not read the reviews before ordering it for my Prismacolor pencils, which I adore, I just figured: Hey, it's the same brand pencil sharpener. Let's treat our pencils right, shall we? Well, it turns out they went cheapo on the sharpener.

First of all, it's a pain to open this to empty out the contents after use. It opens from the top, but you have to snap it open just right and the first time you try it, it doesn't look or feel obvious. I have shown a picture.

Second, I don't know why there are 2 sharpeners, they look like they are identical.

I really don't like the inconsistency of sharpening. It is a funny sort of blade. You have to be so careful and you may still ruin your pencils. I can't understand why this is such a rubbish product, because Prismacolor had won my heart with their exquisite colored pencils.

Well, I will be using it a little more to see if it gets any better with use, but from the other reviews here, it doesn't seem like it will. I would just go with any standard sharpener after that because you want to protect your pencils.

Update 1/25: Downgrading to ONE STAR on this lousy, awful, dysfunctional ""Premier"" pencil sharpener. It has broken so many tips of my Prismacolor pencils that I'm thinking about writing to them! It is LOUSY! A waste of a product! Do not buy it."
Not very sharp. But I like the two types of sharpening.
Ordered this for my wife. She uses prismacolor colored pencils along with this new sharpener. She loves it and says it sharpens the pencils to a good tip everytime.
A must have sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils...makes a very fine point two side so one for hard and one for soft core
My husband loves this and uses it all the time.
"These are great! Perfect size, not too big and easy to use. I highly recommend."
great for making the pencil last longer.
"I bought this sharpener to use with my Prismacolor colored pencils. I had no trouble with sharpening pencils; it actually sharpened well. The trouble is with the cover and the top that has to be removed to empty the shavings. They are cheap plastic and break easily. I am in the process of looking for another sharpener. For the price, this should have been much better designed/made."
Great sharpener for colored pencils of all kinds.  I really like the 2 options of points.  One is very long and pointed and the other is short and pointed.  Personal preference but it's nice to have a choice.
Made perfect for Prismacolor Pencils. Having sharpened pencils backward for years I am learning to turn the sharpener not the pencil. May need another!!
"I really like the 2 sharpener types.  The very sharp is great for coloring in thin lines, and the blunter tip is great for broader coloring.  This saves so much pencil, compared to an electric sharpener. It only takes a few turns to get a nice point."
One of the best sharpeners around for the coloring pencils.  Mrs. love it
"Gets the job done, I like that there are two holes, one big and one little."
Works fine. Sometimes the top can be a little challenging to remove because there isn't a spot for you to grip but other than that I have zero complaints.
"I bought my first set of Prismacolor Premier colored pencils, so decided to buy the matching brand of sharpener for, hopefully, the best results.  Today was my first day using it, and it works great.  You can choose whether to make a long, thin shape or the original shorter point.  I have been using the shorter point, figuring it's a more stable shape.  It gives a nice point and nothing slivers or breaks.  The blade is sharp, so you don't need a ton of force to get the job done.

For those who had breakage issues, I would just be sure to use the shorter side and be easy on how much pressure you are using.  I'm having no issues so far.

Also, to remove the shavings, just pop the top off.  Not the hinged lid, but the entire top half inch.

Nifty looking sharpener, too, as a bonus.  :-)"
Nice sharpener to use with my prismacolor pencils.
"Sharpens pencils like the best of them.  Haven't had any issues with getting fine point tips for coloring with pencils.  Easy storage of shavings and removal of shavings to transfer to the trash.

A must for anyone who needs a super fine tip."
This sharpens great but the lid doesn't fit very well. The lid comes off way to easy and way too often. The plastic around where the lid fits gets little micro cracks in it and you eventually have to hold the lid on while sharpening a pencil. Not fun....I now have to buy another one.
"Although packaging was perfectly intact, sharpener was cracked so that lid doesn't stay on. Expected more from this brand and at this price point."
Sharpens well enough but not a real difference in the short to long side. Which is very wasteful with expensive colored pencils. Hinge/cap for open & closed is extremely cheap. I expect it to break any day. I really expected more quality from the brand. I am going to give it to my kids for regular pencils & get something else that will sharpen shorter as this one advertises as to not waste the pencils.
"Pro. The blades sharpen well. Even better than the Prismcolor scholar. I like the fact that you have multiple points in one sharpener.
Con.  The top cover came unglued the first time I opened it and it was so difficult to remove the top to dump the shavings that I accidentally broke it. Also I only knew how to open it by looking on AMAZON FAQs no instructions in the package.
I will keep this one for the blades and use it when I travel and buy another one for home. Hopefully the second one won't  break and I will use some glue on the lid to keep it in place."
Great sharpener. It doesn't break the pencils as you sharpen them and it holds a lot of shavings so you don't have to empty it frequently. I love it so much I ordered another one just so I'll have a spare!
Perfect sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils! Leaves a nice sharp point and doesn't wast anything.
It sharpens pencils and catches the shavings.
Great pencil sharpener.  Sturdy.  There are two holes to sharpener pencils.  One is for a more shallow sharpen and the other is for a longer one.  Really nice movement.  I like this sharpener.
This works great. I loaned it to my sister and she did not want to return it. I ended up buying her one too.
Sharpens great but it was hard to figure out how to empty the shavinga
This pencil sharpener eats up my pencils which seems crazy since my pencils are the Prismacolor 132 set.  Rather expensive colored pencils to have a sharpener destroy them.  I ultimately threw the sharpener in the trash.
A noticeable difference in the feel when sharpening a pencil versus the Bostich I was using. Super smooth and gentle sharpening.
"Bought this to sharpen my Prismacolor colored pencils.....it kept breaking and breaking the lead out. Tried different colors, ways of holding and turning the pencil, and even tried a graphite pencil. Same thing. Finally just threw it away. Not happy. Looking for a good pencil sharpener!"
Good sharpener. Great seller.
"The first thing to go was the cap that fits around the unit that says PRISMACOLOR on it.  It's just decorative and sports the name of the company with no use to sharpening that I can figure out.  It snaps on and off....and is so difficult to put on again I just left it off after getting frustrated with it. Next issue was emptying the shavings!  You have to take the top off which incorporates the two sharpeners and the shavings cover. It is extremely difficult.  The shaving cover that goes over the sharpeners kept popping up while I was attempting removal of the unit to empty shavings.  Eventually that cover broke off.  So that went in the garbage to keep the decorative cover company.  Now if some shavings escape oh well, that i find less frustrating then having to mess around with putting that broken off cap back on.  Now for the guts of it all....the sharpeners.  You have two sharpeners in this unit to choose from.  One sharpens to a wide angle, the other a narrow angle. To me the difference is not dramatic but it is interesting to play around with.  The sharpeners work very nice...way better than the cheaper sharpeners you can buy or the old fashion sharpeners. I have had one pencil that the sharpener seems to eat up.  But I think there may be something wrong with the pencil - which is a prismacolor pencil!  The sharpeners are good but the design of the unit makes it one of the worse sharpeners out there.  I could have went cheaper and got less frustration and a better designed unit. I expected better for the price!"
This sharpener sharpens to a very dull point while taking off a lot of the pencil length.  It does not sharpen to the fine point the pencils originally come in.  It's way too expensive given it doesn't do it's only function
Best Pencil Sharpener I ever tried......I used so many in the passed. Awesome for my color pencil portraits
"works very well with all prismacolor pencils, perfect point, a must for sharpening your colored pencils!!!"
works great for the colored pencils !
Adorable! But is does run on small side. My grandson wore it for my wedding and was comfortable all night.
Awesome! 
Best sharpener for colored pencils hands down!!
"As long as you know the proper technique to sharpen prismacolor pencils, this sharpener is top-notch and works perfectly. Love. Love. Love."
"I received a small sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils in a pack of different items for Prismacolor, but I decided to go ahead and buy this as well. I am SO glad that I ordered this sharpener as well! You cannot compare the dinky little one that came with the other items to this one. I love that it holds the pencil shavings as you sharpen. It was definitely a pain having to find a place for the shavings as I was into coloring a picture. I ended up sharpening my pencils over the case, or into my pen case, and then having to empty it. So, the fact that this holds the shavings (and you don't have to empty it very often) is a major plus for me. Also, it does a great job at sharpening the pencils without ""eating"" them to quickly. It is definitely worth the $4-5 that I paid for it, and I would recommend anyone purchasing the Prismacolor pencils, or other expensive, quality colored pencils, to get this along with them."
excellent product.
quality quality quality!!! worth every penny because it is designed with a great blade to last and it dosnt eat my prismacolor pencils it sharpens accurately every time :) thank you prismacolor for doing it right.
easy to use and nice edge
Good quality sharpener. No complaints here.
 30%
"I like this little sharpener. I use it for all my pencils, especially my prismacolors. Sharpening pencils is an easy task if you don't force it. Although, force is needed sometimes to get a fresh pencil started, light half turns , then check it out and you're done. No more broken leads. The only problem I had with this sharpener was getting it open the first time. Because the sharpener is recessed you have to open the lid and pull it up to open it. So you have to be careful not to pull too hard so as not to break the lid. Otherwise this is a great sharpener!"
Cute little sharpener.  So far it works great.
"High quality, does a good job."
"happy customer,worth buy."
Wanted a sharpener that would  create a thicker point for my softer lead pencils and my colored pencils.  Does the trick and most pleased.  it also will create needle  points on my H pencils.  Has double barrels which allows this feature.  Have other double barrel sharpeners but they do this so am pleased.  I have a variety of different brand pencils so do not feel I have to use on Prismacolor pencils only.  One lesson learned is to always turn the sharpener not the pencil.
sharpened unevenly and broke led
"Works great with my prismacolor pencils and with all other pencils as well. So cute and compact and such a mighty little sharpener, I love it!"
"This sharpener works very well.  There's been some complaints that the leads in pencils break too easily.  I have found that you need to twist the pencil rather than the sharpener and there doesn't need to be a lot of pressure to do this, otherwise the leads will break."
"I love this sharpener. There are 2 holes sized for regular pencils. One for a longer point and another a little smaller, which I like because my pencils seem to last longer."
Good sharpener.
"The best hand held pencil sharpener I have had.  It is easy to hold and empty, and it doesn't mangle my expensive Prismacolor pencils when I sharpen.  There are two different size sharpeners and both work fantastic.  It will sharpen any pencil, but I will only use this sharpener with my colored pencils!"
Hard to work and points could be better.
Great sharpener for the Prismacolor Pencils
I have used a few different pencil sharpeners for colored pencils but this blows them all away. I have had no problems
"Having a clean and sharp point is a must for Adult Coloring.  This is a great sharpener.  The only drawback is that I couldn't figure out how to open it to remove the shavings.  I had to go on Youtube.  Because of this I am giving 4 stars instead of 5.  The black outside is just decorative, though it looks like it has something to do with opening it.  It gives you a nice point so you can color in tiny corners."
"Although cap broke off, it works well especially on Prismacolor Premier pencils.  Two holes.  Will make  a nice sharp point to work with.  Am also going to try KUM sharpener as it says it will make a longer point and has extra blades.  Who knew how quickly a pencil sharpener could get dull."
No complaints. Like the different points choice.
This is the most outstanding pencil sharpener.
"This is just the right size, thanks"
Exactly as pictures.  Works great.
New Prismacolor pencils fit and sharpen as the product information described.
A sharpener does make difference.  I love it.
"Curiously, only one side of this works (with Prismacolors or regular colored pencils).  The other side breaks the pencils no matter how I grind them.  I'm 44, it's not like this is my first rodeo with colored pencil sharpening.  However, the side that does work is nice and sharp and gives a good point."
Easy to use....doesn't break lead....
Perfectly sharpens !
Nice product
Piece of garbage!
Bought this to use with my new colored pencils for my new adult coloring book :)) I was afraid the pencil tips would break as with every eyeliner sharpener I have ever used in my life lol but it sharpens the colored pencils to a great sharp point without having the tip break at all. Highly recommended!
"I love this pencil sharpener on my prismacolor premier colored pencils !I never had lead breaks! I don't know about what others were talking about but this totally does its job! i hold the sharpener on my left hand and the pencil on my right, I just rotate the sharpener instead of the pencil. As i heard that it helps lessen the breakage when you do it like that and true enough that it did!. I bought few more of these sharpeners as reserves."
"Try turning the sharpener rather than the pencil with a light pressure using the other hand rather than your dominant hand, this has worked great for me."
Quality pencil sharpener. Looks nice and works great. A definite buy for anyone with Prismacolor Soft Core Pencils
This is the PERFECT  sharpener for any colored pencils. Really nice and sharp and with two different cut profiles for the leads........really long and thin or a little shorter with a tiny bit nubbier tip. It's awesome.
Its a good pencil sharpener.
"I'm very happy with this pencil sharpener.  It is very sharp and makes a nice, clean cut."
decent pencil sharpener
Pretty good sharpener for my Prismacolors.
Great product
"Love the Prismacolor Pencils, thought the sharpener from the same company would be a good one. Was I disappointed, the 44 cent one I bought at Walmart was much better. Please don't waste your money."
Good Sharpener
This is a great sharpener for my prismacolor pencils. It works great and doesn't require too much turning to get them nice and sharp. But the only downside is the plastic covering that has prismacolor logo written on it; it gets on the way of removing the top to get rid of the sharpened products inside. I just removed mine and left it on the side because it's a useless part of the sharpener.
"really sharp.  really really sharp.  Does not take much to sharpen the pencils.  So, so far, it is working really well and has been beneficial to have with my prismacolor premier colored pencils"
Handy and convenient.
"Cheap, plastic casing comes apart with little use. Sharpener inside is OK though."
"very handy, like the choice of sharpeners"
Best pencil sharpener I've ever used.  Sharpens my primacolors perfectly and it's so nice to not have to empty out the sharpener every time you use it.
"I have not had many good sharpener experiences, and this sharpener gave me hope. Ditch that grey ""set"" sharpener or that silly bullet, and get something like this. It has a fat and thin side, a clam-shell lid to keep the shavings in, and the sharpener piece is removable to clean or get cheap lead out if it gets stuck. I've had it for a few months now and there is no drop in its performance; the blades are still tip-top."
Love it!
"I love this pencil sharpener! Every time I've ever had to sharpen a Prismacolor, I've done so with dread as I knew I'd lose a good inch off of my pencil just trying not to destroy it and get a good point. This sharpener solves all of that! 2 sizes--regular and large-- will fit in here and I use it on all my watercolor pencils as well and no longer feel like I'm just sharpening away dollars. I do wish that the lid stayed on a little better, but I'm still too elated about the way it treats my pencils to complain. It's worth the money because it will save inches on your Prisms (or other expensive art pencils!) I would love this as a stocking stuffer, birthday present... whatever."
This sharpener doesn't break the pencils like some others do. I'm very glad I got it.
Excellent
"Excellent Sharperner, no issues, both slots work perfectly.. no problems opening .. 100% perfect.."
I like this sharpener for all of the pencils I have used it on. The pencils do not break and it sharpens to a fine point.
Love this sharpener!  This sharpens my pencils perfectly.
nice
EVERYTHING I EXPECTED JUST AS DESCRIBED AND ORDERED
I love my Prismacolors so I want to sharpen them carefully.  This works perfectly and is light weight in my art tote-bag.  Pencils are an investment and it pays to sharpen them correctly.
Hasn't broke a lead yet!
Works well!
it's sharp lol
"Very nice pencil sharpener. I like that there are 2 different point options. It catches all the mess, too and its easy to empty. Great sharpener."
"The top of mine broke fairly early on, so the lid does not stay on."
Bought this for artist grade colored pencils. Works well.
Breaks tips too often when used.
This is the best colored pencil sharpener I've yet tried and I've tried a lot of them. This one REALLY works without crushing your expensive pencils to smithereens.
Excellent sharpener and eliminates the mess since it catches everything.
This sharpens my colored pencils perfectly.
"So far, it works good.  Metal sharpener housed in a plastic cylinder.  Two sharpener heads.  I like it because it contains the shavings until I want to deal with them.  I have Prismacolor Premier Soft Lead Pencils."
"Very disappointed with this. It breaks the lead everytime I goto use it. You would think a sharpener bybthe same brand as the pencil would work. Shame, I really like prismacolor too."
Great pencil sharpener for the 48 color Ohuhu colored pencils.  Creates nice tip on pencils for sketching and coloring.
"Love this sharpener for my Prismacolor color pencils. Perfect pencil tip every time. It does the job with a quick turn of the pencil. It doesn't eat the pencil in order to get a proper tip.

Would recommend this product and would repurchase when needed"
"I really liked this at first, but it broke by the second use. The lid pulled out of the top and the blades are already dull (I've had it about a month.) Definitely wouldn't recommend."
All in working order and at a good price!
I was extremely gentile? However it broke as soon as I tried to open and empty it! Is it able to be replaced or exchanged please!! Thank you
Sharpens evenly without over sharpening.
"Very nice sharpener, happy with purchase"
works as described
"When it sharpens, it does a good job, but for some odd reason my pencils keep breaking."
great quality
Great sharpener. Offers both long and short tip sharpening options. Works well. I included photos to help with opening/emptying. 1) Find the indentation at the front/top. 2) Press hard into the indentation. 3-4) The whole top piece will pop up and off.
"I like the option of two different sharpening tips for the pencils. Wish the top was not plastic though, don't know how it will hold up."
Goes well with the Prismacolor Premier Pencils
"works very well on all brands of pencil---however, removing the cutters to empty the holding bin puts great stress on the flimsy plastic connector and soon you cannot get them apart !  I'm trying to think of a creative way to remedy the problem---maybe some crazy glue, a tiny strip of  fabric, some tweezers and a lot of patience???"
"Makes crisp centered points.  Good with regular colored pencils as well as a 2nd sharper option for the verithins.

I'm not going to knock a star for this, but the first time you try to open it to dump shavings you're going to be baffled.  I'm also not going to tell you how to do it.  You'll enjoy the satisfaction of solving the puzzle and will then never have a problem again."
Works very well!
This started out great sharpening till I had to empty it. It was very hard to get apart. I cracked the part to empty and then when I put it back together it now chews the wood up on my pencils and the color points just keep breaking. I'm using a 99 cent one that works great. I would not recommend. I am using high quality pencils also.
Two hole sizes and a receptacle for shavings. I like this a lot as it meets my needs for regular and colored pencils. A plus that it holds shavings inside until you have the chance to dispose of them. Recommended.
"I picked up Prismacolor soft core colored pencils and really needed a good sharpener.  Yes you can buy a cheap sharpener at most box stores but they eat up pencils.  Prismcolor pencils aren't cheap and I don't want to waste ANYTHING.  The sharpener works great and quickly.  I will use this sharpener for a long time because it works so well with my favorite relaxing pasttime, coloring books."
Sharpens my colored pencils perfectly. I've been using it daily for about a month. It's holding up well.
"I have only used this sharpener on my Prismacolor pencils and after all the horror stories I have heard about these pencils, I have not had any problems at all.  This sharpener has worked perfectly.  I have not used it on any other pencils yet.  I have just started coloring again and have ordered other pencils, but have not used any with the sharpener.  I will be ordering a spare so that I can put it in my traveling coloring bag."
People complain about their pencils breaking when sharpening. I have never had this problem. Great sharpener
"Great sharpener for your colored pencils, good reservoir and sturdy. Doens't damages the tip of the pencil."
"Great for colored pencils and graphite, do not use for charcoal."
No issues so far. Have used this on both cheap and expensive pencils and eraser. Works great!
"I love this sharpener. It obviously goes perfectly with my prismacolor colored pencils, but I also use it on my daughter's crayola colored pencils and it works just as well. The option of two sizes is great, especially to use the smaller side so the pencil is shorter for my daughter."
"Made for the Prismacolor Premier Pencils.  If you own the Premier pencils, then you need one of these. No other sharpener works as well on the Premier pencils as this."
"I love it, except when I open it.  I feel like it is going to break."
Excellent sharpener. Works great on polychromos too!
Great sharpener for Prisma Premier pencils. It is also well made.
"Love. I love this sharpener. I enjoy coloring as one of my favorite pastimes, and colored pencils are my favorite thing to color with. I've used many different sharpeners. Most people will say the sharpener doesn't matter. Believe me, it does. This one is very lightweight. It has a fliptop lid, which cover the two blades (narrow and thick tip), and the body is encapsulated to keep all you shavings nice and neat inside. It makes sharpening so simple so you can focus on what you really want - COLORING!"
Great for the soft core colored pencils.
"This sharpener is great for Prismacollar pencils, thick or thin. I have not tried it on other pencils.  The sharpener seems to make the pencils sharp without making them uneven which is a good thing.  Price was lower here than bricks and mortar.  One complaint is how the top works or does not work.  I presume thay I am supposed to lift just one part of the lid. No can do.  The whole plastic cap comes off when I open it that means if I do not pay attention I could lose it or I could have it accidenrally have it fall and step on it. The top goes back on easily enough.  And it is easy to clean."
"Thank you for a flawless exchange! Great product, fast shipping!"
This sharpener rocks and goes perfect with the soft core pencils what need sharpened a lot
"Looks pretty cool, sharpens well, but I must be an idiot because I can't get the durned thing open to empty the shavings..."
It works.
"First, the sharpener does work, so maybe it should be a higher star, but the flip top is already...less than a month of use...almost broken off and emptying the shavings is just not easy.

It should be better for the brand and the price.

Nice try, but doesn't quite make it"
Already broken and used by an adult with a gentle touch.
"I'm a big Prismacolor fan but this pencil sharpener is a grave disappointment.  It ruined the pencils, shaving the wood around the point into splintery pieces and the point wasn't what I consider a sharp point.  Perhaps I wasn't using it exactly right although you shouldn't have to be a genius to use a pencil sharpener.  I went back to my electric sharpener. I know that the wax isn't really good for the motor but I learned a trick that works great.  Every 6 or so pencils you sharpen, sharpen a regular graphite pencil and it cleans the wax from the blades.  I wanted this one for a spare but I'm not going to use it at all."
like having two points to choose from
ordinary sharpener
This sharpener has two openings depending on the thickness of the pencil. That comes in handy. Nice sized collection container for shavings. Nice little sharpener.
"I've got a few of those tiny little one inch cheapy sharpeners. I've never had any problems with them except they are a bit small in the fingers when trying to sharpen a bunch at a time so when I saw this I figured, ""let's get serious about sharpening!""

It took me a few seconds to figure out the flip top and to strong arm open the shaving container but after that I got busy and sharpened about 20 pencils. I didn't have any breakage and the dual tip thing is pretty snazzy. The flip top is annoying and will likely break off after a while, do yourself a favor and just snap it off :) It'll hurt less.

Overall it's just a sharpener. The fact the when I need to sharpen I still reach for my cheapy little metal ones tells me everything."
Great Product!
"Picked up one of these at my local art store. Hands down the worst hand sharpener I've ever used. Taking an unsharpened (as in flat on both ends) Prismacolor to this and trying to get a point is like pulling teeth.
You will never, ever get a sharp point with this sharpener. Ever.
Let's play devils advocate for a second though and say that you do manage to wrestle this impossible piece of cheap plastic into refining a point for you. The SECOND you apply any pressure (say, oh I dunno, you want to shade) the tip will fold like a piece of wet cardboard and drop out of the wood. Frustrating, but okay whatever. You try again. This time the lead breaks off inside the sharpener. By the time you get the stubbiest, dullest point back, you'll have ground down 3 inches of your pencil and still have a point that's completely unsuited for drawing.

Save your money."
Sharpens pencils much better than my other sharpener ! Doesn't eat the pencils up like some do.
Sharpen great with expensive pencils
Works good. I do wish the could somehow center the hole so it is less wobbly. But I don't see how they could with 2 holes.
"You MUST get this for Prismacolor pencils.  Other pencil sharpeners just won't work as well.  Holds a lot of shavings, and is easy to empty.  I've use mine a lot, and it's held up quite well.  Arrived quickly and in its original packaging."
"Good quality, sharpens well and the chamber is large so it doesn't have to be emptied often."
"I've always dreaded sharpening my pencils because they would splinter and lose so much wood/pencil trying to get them sharp. this is the first sharpener that HASN'T caused my pencils to split, splinter or otherwise need to excessively sharpen to get a clean point. I'm able to put a pencil in and turn 2-3 times and come out with a pencil that looks like it is new out of the box. I am thoroughly impressed."
best pencils ive had
I loved it. It works very smooth and it doesn't break the lead. It sharpens the pencil without taking off much of the length.
Great sharpener
This is a good sharpener.  It is the same brand as my colored pencils and works perfectly with them.
Very sharp & works well with Prismacolor pencils .
"Unfortunately, I'm not thrilled with this sharpener for colored pencils. I originally had high hopes for it because it was small,portable, and made by Prismacolor. It has two different size sharpeners inside, and the shavings are caught within the container. But I found it actually ate a lot of the pencil, and made the point rough and brittle. The lid also snapped off after just a few uses. I still find that the absolute best sharpener for Prismacolors is the CARL Angel 5 manual sharpener. It consistently gives a very fine, smooth point, with almost no waste--very important when you consider the cost of these pencils."
Works well. I haven't had some of the issues other reviewers have reported. I have to.think Prismacolor would know how to best sharpen their own pencils. Minus one star because over time I can see the shavings compartment cover separating from the unit.
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prismacolor-Premier-Pencil-Sharpener/dp/B004ZDL0K2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener</a>
Nice and sturdy. The outside is plastic but the sharpener is all metal not just a metal blade set into a plastic case.
I also like the sharpening option of narrow or wide point."
This pencil sharpener is great for carrying along with you. Has two different settings for sharpening. Is easy to empty the shavings.
This is absolutely the best sharpener for coloured pencils I have ever used!  When you can very easily have hundreds of dollars invested in your coloured and sketch pencils you need a sharpener like this so you don't butcher them and grind away to much of them when putting a working point on them!  I'm going to pick up a second one for a back up and toss into my supply drawer for later on.
Good except the lid has a tendency to pop off
"Smooth operation and in perfect condition when I received it. Love the styling of this product as well. Has more of an artsy, modern look - which I love; it's cooler-looking than other sharpeners."
"Perfect for my Prismacolor colored pencils. I like how it has two different sharpeners-one for widening, one for sharpening the very tip."
"This sharpener is the best I have found but still I have problems sharpening my color pencils. I have several kinds and all sharpen the same. It seems as if something is crooked, either the pencil or the blades on the sharpener. It works best if I do not let my pencil core get down to the wood. The wood is soft and that is part of the problem. Still I would' buy it again, much better than others I have tried."
Great sharpeer.
Did a nice job sharpening the pencils.
This little thing works like magic!!!
Nice  sharpener.
This sharpener sharpens alright but it is so cheaply made. I like to never have figured how to take it apart to empty it. It doesn't seem durable. The lid has a thin plastic hinge that's looks like it won't last long. They're making a mint off this. Not worth the high price for what you get.
NICE SIZE. WORKS WELL.
I can get the sharp point I need without wasting a lot of the pencil! love that!
broke after a few uses
"perfect for my prismacolor premier pencils. Only one brokerage so far, but I guess it was because it was too full at that time. I emptied it more often ever since, and the brokerage thing never happened to me again."
"I really like this sharpener. It does the job and with the lid, I don't have to worry about a mess. Works well with non brand pencils too! I am currently using Ohuhu in addition to my Prismacolor and the Ohuhu pencil sharpen perfectly in the sharpener."
So far so good. Sharpens pencils without point breakage.
"I've bought sooooo many pencil sharpeners in my lifetime and this seems to be a very good, medium sized sharpener, however I still prefer my electric sharpener so I don't use this Prismacolor nearly as much. Although, it's too much trouble to take an electric sharpener, when you are one the go!  For someone who needs a sharpener for school or wherever, this would be a good one to use but if having more space in your bag for other things is important, then you may want to get a smaller size and save this for your workspace at home. It makes a nice sharpener to sit on your desk, where it wouldn't be too big, nor too small.

UPDATE!  I didn't mention in this review, when I last wrote it, because I had not yet used anything other than regular lead  pencils with it, at that time, but this sharpener works great with watercolor pencils, as well. I've even sharpened my watercolor crayons in it, since then, and it did well with those too, but you will probably need to clean it out when sharpening anything with color and make sure that the blade is free from these colored tips, as they have more of a tendency to get stuck in the blade. If this happens, you can use the sharp flat tip of a steak knife to gently remove the colored pencil tip or pieces from a crayon. Of course, use caution when handling any sharp object and do not ever allow children to do this!

I also made a change in this review, from 3 stars to 5 stars (I don't recall why I ever gave it just 3 to begin with, sorry about that Sellers AND Buyers!). I've used it a lot more since I wrote this review and now I see that it deserves a much better rating!  So, in conclusion, I say, "" Go ahead and buy this nice sharpener, I think you will really enjoy it!"""
I sent this to my daughter in California along with Lavxivi color pencils. She says this sharpener is very good and gives her a perfect point.
Excellent
I dropped and broke it within days of receiving it. So I can't give a review
"I had hoped that since this was made by Prismacolor that it would be a really good sharpener for their Premiere colored pencils, but it's really not. It, like many little manual sharpeners, sharpens low on one side so that there is wood virtually down to the end of the point on one side. No matter how many times you turn the pencil, it just won't sharpen evenly. Drives me crazy."
It works very well
"I have Prismacolor crayons and they are very expensive so wanted to make sure I had the best sharpener.  I had originally purchased the Staedtler sharpener and it worked well but this one is much better for the the Prismacolor crayons.  The only negative I would give it, is that the cover does not stay on well."
I've used this for about a month now.  I like it ok.  I have noticed in the last couple of days that the leads break easier when I am sharpening.  Not sure if that's the pencil or the sharpener.
Loves this pencil sharpener
"This is the best sharpener I have ever used. It is sharp whereas most are not. The only issue is that I had to actually Google how to open it. Something like that should be either self-explanatory, or there ought to be directions on the packaging."
"Pencils sharpen up quite nicely, but it was a little confusing when I tried to empty it. It seems like the plastic piece on the side should slide in order to open it, but it doesn't move. The entire top pops off in order to open it! Other than that, it's great!"
Excellent product!
Excellent sharpener and perfect with Prismacolor coloring pencils!
"The smaller of the two sizes of sharpener works okay, but the larger has not worked for me on any of the brands of pencils I have tried. Getting the top on and off when emptying it is sometimes difficult.  I wonder how long it will last before the top breaks"
BEST colored pencil sharpener I've ever owned. I love the two sharpening options and how nicely it sharpens. I recommend this to all my coloring friends!
"Use it carefully or the pencil wood breaks. In future I will buy a inexpensive, all-purpose sharpener that does the same thing. It does, however, hold more shavings than a smaller sharpener, which is a definite plus. It came nicely packaged with other art supplies I ordered, which was convenient."
I like the electric sharpener beter
This is really a great tool! Perfect for the Coloring pencils!
So sharp! So smooth!
Purchased this to go with my Prismacolor premier pencils. It works well.
A very good sharpener. Works perfectly. No complaint here.
Perfect sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils.
"It sharpens very well. Easy to use. Initially I could not open to dump the shavings, but after a while, figured it out."
Not so good for preventing prismacolor colored pencil for breaking. If looking for a sharpener for the prismacolor it is best to use an electric one
Great product. Arrived quickly and safely!
Very Happy with sharpener
I have owned many cheap sharpeners in the past. This one is excellent and worth the money.
Breaks the tips of my prismacolors and always opens in my bag and spills stuff.
So far works great. I have purchased several different sharpeners and this one is definitely one of my favorite ones. I use it on all my different brands of colored pencils and my drawing pencils.
Does what is supposed to do. There are two sharpeners and both do exactly as advertised.
I really like this sharpener but sad to say I knocked it off my desk and the bottom part broke but I can still use it just have to empty it sooner than usual. I like the two different size holes and it gives a nice sharp point.
Good product
If you use prismacolor colored pencils this is the sharpener for them. You will be very pleased with how they sharpen your pencils.
would have expected a bit more difference between the two sizes of sharpener
Great sharpener and easy to travel with because the shavings are secure until you have opportunity to toss them into a trash can.  Does a magnificient of of sharpening my colored pencils.
The best fit for my pencils with 2 sharpening styles.
"Works best for Prtismacolor pencils and offers two sharpening choices. Empties easily but it can be difficult to put the top back on, you have to line up the notch and groove."
product has two cutting heads one for fine  points the other for medium points  I am very satisfied
Works very well
"great quality, fast delivery, no surprises. Happy with my purchase and my seller"
"Never, ever, use any regular pencil sharpener for PrismaColored pencils, unless you are very, very, good at what you're doing. This is the best type of sharpener to use for this type of colored pencil, and such a great price! I used to use regular sharpeners for mine when My aunt had first purchased me this type of colored pencil (Back when I was simply a novice at coloring, I was more of a pencil/graphite artist at the time) and I had trouble sharpening them without breaking the wood and the wax color. After a few horrible attempts I had gotten it to a fine science of sharpening without wasting my precious, amazing, PrismaColored pencils. If you have a budding artist in the family, they will love you forever if you get them this! A sure fire win present right there!!!!"
Works good
A+++
Works great with the Prismacolor Scholar pencils.
"This works beautifully and smoothly and does not break the leads on colored pencils.  The top flips up like a toilet seat (sorry but that's what it reminds me of) to reveal the openings to sharpen the pencils.  The dark plastic angled casing serves no purpose, it is purely decoration.  It does not give instructions on how to open the shavings compartment, but if you grip the whole top and give it a good tug it snaps out easily."
works great and reasonable price
HAVEN'T TRIED IT YET BUT I'M SURE IT IS GREAT
Kind of hard to get the lid on correctly.
Works perfectly!
I bought set of Prismacolor pencils and the first two I sharpened with this sharpener the lead broke multiple times until the pencil was half the length and I hadn't even used it. I ended up getting my makeup pencil sharpener and that worked great.
Excellent.
This is a great item. I am very happy with this purchase.
Works great although sometimes the tip breaks off. Hate it when that happens.
Prompt service and quality product.  BEST manual sharpener I have ever used!!!!
Keeps breaking my PRISMACOLOR colored pencils. Doesn't stay sharp
As expected
"I bought this to use with my colored pencils that will be coming here shortly in the mail. I opened it today and decided to try it out on a regular number 2. pencil. (I'm a full time college student and still use pencils and a notepad to keep track of my assignments despite the laptop in front of me.) It sharpened like a dream, very smooth use and came to a point quite easily with hardly and pressure on the pencil. I have to say, this is the best handheld sharpener that I have ever owned."
As good as any pencil sharpener
Nice it worked good but only used it once.
"I'm addicted to adult coloring books and was so frustrated with them breaking so often with sharpening. I actually prefer crayola pencils as there are great colors and they are a perfect softness for easy coloring. This sharpener is superior to the ""cheap"" ones I tried, well worth the extra couple of dollars. My pencils are lasting much longer and the frustration is gone. Love it!"
"Perfect sharpener, sharpens pencils very nicely!"
Great Sharpener! It is the only thing I will sharpen my prisma color pencils with.
Very Good
This product is a total waste of money. The lid broke off and it was really hard to empty it. I use Prisma colored pencils and it broke a lot of them.  It would be better to go by a kids school product ..
"I got this sharpener yesterday and I must see it truly is amazing, it sharpen's my premier pencils perfect, I also have water color prismacolor pencils and it sharpens good but I would suggest you don't sharpen it too long or it will brake the entire point off."
"I loved this at first because it's nice to choose your point, but it is a little bulky for my bag, and the top keeps popping off, spilling the shavings."
Wish I'd had this when I got my first set of Prismacolor pencils over 20 years ago.  It does sharpen to a perfect point and minimally eats up the pencil length.  It was so worth the cost.
"I own one and this is a gift, love that there are two types of points available in one sharpener"
Perfect for Prismacolor
"just got the sharpener.  What a PIA to get the top off to empty it.  I had to google search to fingure out to pop the top off, then the shavings went everywhere.  It is not easy to open each time!
Update- the darn thing cracked the second time I tried to get it open to empty shavings!"
Really good
Perfect for sharpening my prismacolor pencils. I had been having them chewed up with using a regular (school) sharpener which had worked well with a lower quality pencil.  This did the trick.
Great as expected.
Excellent sharpener. It does not eat the pencil up. It has 2 slots one that gives you a finer tip.
Not user friendly
Great sharpner that doesn't chew your pencils up!
Does what it's suppose to do.
The cover snapped off right away.  It does sharpen well.
Works wonders for the coloring pencils
"works great, blades are very sharp, so no catching on the wood."
I have not been disappointed for a moment. Sharpens nicely and quickly.
"It's a fantastic sharpener, don't get me wrong, but it fell apart the first time I tried to empty the shavings and hasn't stayed together since.  Very disappointing for an $8 sharpener.  Love love love the points it gives me, but I'm constantly having to look for the top because it fell off AGAIN, the artistically diagonal cover won't pop back on, and the two holes it's supposed to line up to leak shavings all over the place.  On the whole, it's like a bad boyfriend who's great in the sack.  Nirvana when you're in bed, but hell everywhere else.  :-)"
I like it.
Sharpens pencils well.
When you take the top off to empty it. It is hard getting the top back on. If i have to work to do this thats not a good sign. Seems like everything that i have bought from Prismacolor is not good products at all. Will not be buying any more from this company
Great sharpener and nice to hold. It has a nice feel to it.
This is by far the best pencil sharpener I've used!
"Great sharpener. Give two tip options which is good because I like the wider tip option vs narrow tip. Sharpens evenly, not breaking and hacking at my prismacolor pencils. Price here is about half the store price as well!!!"
Best pencil sharpener ever! So nice and fluid. No breaking.
good!
"This got good reviews and came recommended by others who use the Prismacolor pencils. Unfortunately, I am very disappointed.  It does not do a good job of sharpening, and yes, I followed instructions of holding the pencil in left hand and turning the unit around the pencil.  Also, it is extremely difficult to get the top off to empty. Actually, I had to come on Amazon and read answers to questions to learn how to open the sharpener.  I know I'm in the minority, but I will not buy this again and will not recommend it."
The best little sharpener ever - smooth sharpening and sharp pencils abound!
OMGosh! This tool takes gentle care with my expensive art pencils. Love it...and so affordable.
Unit broke within 3 weeks. The top does not stay in the sharpener. Thus making it unusable. Expected more from this company.
A must have if you own any good colored pencils or sketch pencils. Will save you from wasting your pencils.
"Great sharpener , excellent result with prismacolor pencils"
"I use this sharpener when I traveling and going to my art class.  It has two holes for a sharper or a more rounded edge.  It is easy to empty, just push out the top where the holes for pencils are.  I use it to sharpen my Prismacolor colored pencils.  Sometimes it eats the pencils a bit, but not in a large way."
Seem to work quite well.
Love it but how do you open it to empty?
The cover of the sharpener looks flimsy and will break anytime after multiple use. Was expecting a better design given the higher price tag than other brands.
I was surprised at how modern this sharpener looks.  I love it!!!!
"Well made sharpener, lightweight and super sharp blades. Works like a charm on my Prismacolor Premier and Inktense pencils.  I love that I can choose my point, either short or long.  I really prefer a short, wide point on my colored pencils and this little guy fits the bill.  I only with that it was smaller and more portable.  I'd even take it without the shavings catcher so I could fit it into my pencil cases. Love the asymmetrical design, too."
Sharpens well.  The cap came off and the sharpener will not come out of the tube.
Good sharpener I like that there two different sizes
"VERY DISAPPOINTED> EATS UP A LOT OF THE PENCIL AND LEAVES A RATHER STUBBY END WITH A SHORTENED COLORED PART> THE LITTLE 'KUM' WOODEN PENCIL SHARPENER IS FAR SUPERIOR, SHARPENS PENCIL TO A LONG SHARP POINT WITHOUT EATING UP THE PENCIL. KEPT IT JUST TO EMPTY SHAVINGS INTO."
"This is the first pencil sharpener I have ever used that does not munch up my colored pencils. I have found, in the past, that it does not matter if it is a quality colored pencil or not, they get munched up, broken and shredded.

I have been using this daily. I especially love that is has two different size sharpeners for the pencil tips. Each pencil I sharpen is perfect and smooth. It is great because I am coloring in some very narrow patterns and shapes.

I read a few reviews that said it is hard to open when you want to empty it out. I did fiddle with mine for a few miutes. There is a little groove in the front where the lid snaps shut. You just gently push up and the top comes off with no problems. If you try to open it by twisting the lid you will snap the lid off."
Works perfectly.
sharpens the prismacolor colored pencils perfectly. doesn't break the lead or split the pencil
"It is a pencil sharpener, what more can I say.  Works well and looks pretty good too."
Necessary
"I really thought this sharpener was going to work well, but it turned out that it's just garbage and a waste of money. If your looking for a better sharpener I wouldn't recommend this sharpener unless you want your color pencils to be all gone. Look somewhere else and done buy this product it's not worth it. It's one of my biggest mistakes I've chosen."
"Decent sharpener, appreciate the two sharpening options."
Great quality for the price and I like how there is two different sharpening holes to fit your preference - a more blunt sharpening or a longer one.
"I bought this a Hobby Lobby.  Unfortunately, it was $9 there.  Anyway, I'd been using a Scholar sharpener, which I found to be totally inadequate because the blade dulls very quickly, and as a result, split the pencil so badly I've shaved one of them down to almost nothing, so I bought this one and haven't had any problems at all.  It was a good purchase, even if it did cost $3 more."
"Great sharpener, although I do like the Faber Castil one a little better, this does a brilliant job of not splitting my wood pencils and gives a nice sharp edge to the lead for minuscule designs!"
works well
"Sharpens like a knife. Constructed very well, not cheap or flimsy. A very good sharpener!"
"Love it, words well, and got everything on time."
"Works really well, just remember to turn the SHARPENER while holding the pencil steady, instead of turning the pencil to sharpen. Helps lessen the stress on the lead!"
The pencils I was attempting to sharpen (Prismacolor) do not do well with this sharpener.  It doesn't perform any better than any other sharpener I have used from my childhood.
"Product was fine, but should have packed box tighter, even with newspaper so all the items I got in one box didn't rattle all inside the box loosely such as my soap bottles and softback coloring books and other small items."
good little pencil sharpener but no instrustions how to open it to empty the shavings!  Its ridiculous I had to go on here to find out how to empty it. Should have been on the box or with instructions!
"I tried a few other sharpeners, and this one is the first one not to break or mess up my Prismacolor pencils. Definitely worth it."
I have trouble with some of my softer tip pencils but the sharpener is very good.  I love that it has to different way to sharpen so that I don't waste my pencils to achieve a different effect.
As expected!
"Best pencil sharpener ever. I bought one for my Prismacolor set and my daughter and wife loved it so much for their regular Crayola pencils that they insisted that I buy each of them one, too. So now we have 3 in the house and I wouldn't have it any other way. :)"
"Great quality pencils.
So many colors to choose from.
Points of pencils need to be sharpened constantly. Lead of pencils are very soft."
love this
"Not terrible but tends to ""eat"" the pencil a bit too much when sharpening Prismacolor Premiers pencils. Good for on the go and has two sizes."
Nice pencil sharpener!
"This sharpener does its job well, but emptying it seemed a little complicated. I had trouble figuring out how to do so at first, which may not be a big deal (and might just be me having a brain fart moment), but feel like a hand-held sharpener that isn't instantly intuitive to clean is a little silly. It also has this sort of weird flip lid design. It does sharpen well though."
"The blades are sharp and work very well. I like that I can sharpen to either long or short points. BUT! taking the top off to empty isn't all that easy and there are no indicators to help you position the top to get it back on correctly and it's hard to see where to line it up. I also find it difficult to hang on to while sharpening, due to physical problems with my hands.

I took the thing apart, threw away the lid and container and just sharpen my pencils over the wastebasket. Works like a charm this way."
"Finally! I can sharpen colored pencils!!! Love this. :) :) :)
UPDATE: It was time to empty the shavings, and I couldn't figure out how in the world to open it up. My husband couldn't figure it out, either. I looked around the web.... on the Prismacolor site, no instructions for opening. I started to go at it with a screwdriver, thinking the whole tube came out. NOPE. Don't do that!! I nearly wrecked it. I eventually did figure it out. I made a video to spare you the trouble. https://youtu.be/u_eQu_HpY4w"
"Small, portable, and an excellent sharpener for colored pencils. Would buy again for sure!"
"I had read a few reviews about the prismacolor premier colored pencils breaking easily when sharpened. So I was reluctant to buy this sharpener but had to bite the bullet and try something!
I tried the method of holding the pencil in my non-dominant hand and turning the sharpener ( rather than the pencil). This resulted in a perfect point with no breakage - ever!
The sharpener is of good quality thick clear plastic with two blades to choose from; either a short fat point, or a long slender point. Both work great for fine details, the only difference being you may need to sharpen the short point more frequently. There is a flip top ( presumably to keep shavings from leaking out) that is connected with a flimsy thin layer or strip of plastic. I'm sure the lid will fall off way before the blades wear out, lol!
Definitely a good buy!"
I didn't know I could love a pencil sharpener this much.  But I am obsessed with this sharpener for my prismacolors.  Just get it.
Just fine
This has been a great pencil sharpener.  My daughter has the Prismacolor pencils and this sharpener seems to work better than most pencil sharpeners.  The lead rarely breaks when she uses it.
This is great you can make them super sharp or dull
Good point without waste
Great pencil sharpener.  I used them to sharpen my triangle Staedler Ergosoft pencils.  They sharpened them quickly and easily.
"I use this all the time for my prismacolor colored pencils. It works great but you'll need to remember to empty it either wise the shavings will get stuck in the blade. If it isn't sharpening your colored pencils, clear out what is blocking it. I've both sharpeners and love both. They work on regular pencils was well. Overall, I am impressed and a friend of mine have bought several of these and donated to the art program we are in. Quite a few people love it better than the other sharpeners we have."
"My favorite pencil sharpener - does a great job and
had no breakage...just does what it is told to do
not too long or too short.  Finally! Donna Parke Co IN"
Difficult design when opening this sharpener.  I took off the black decorative part on the outside of the unit.  Seems flimsy and will probably break easily.
"does NOT work well that all, horrible quality!!!"
Great sharpener works really well.  I would buy it again.
Good product
Did not sharpen colored pencils well and broke apart when emptying.
"While this sharpens nicely, the little plastic piece around it doesn't stay on."
Works great to sharpen my Prismacolor pencils
works great!
"It can be hard to wax poetic about a sharpener, after all if it manages to do the job - that's all she wrote - right?  You would be painfully and perhaps woefully incorrect to underestimate the supreme joy to be found in having a sharpener that not only does the job of getting things nice and pointy but also manages to not eat through your more delicate art supplies.  I have used this sharpener for several years now on everything from soft to hard prismacolor colored pencils, hard graphite, regular numero dos pencils, and even an eyeliner crayon.  What more could a woman want than a product that empties easily, holds a lot of pencil pulp, and works on her makeup and art supplies?  I don't know, but if you find that woman...tell her she's a fool!"
verygood
love this sharpener
Very pleased with product and speed of delivery.... thanks!
"Don't let this get too full of shavings, or your pencils will break when sharpening!"
works great
"worthless, I have been using this for 2 days and it broke leads in multiple prism color pencils multiple times. it seems to me the holes are too large for the pencils which is causing the breakage..."
Very sharp and smooth. Makes my Prismacolors last longer. Love it!
Sharpens evenly.
"It's astonishing how much better this sharpener is compared to regular ones.  The angle of the blades are such that you end up wasting less pencil compared to other sharpeners.  I compared pencils, and the cut off a regular sharpener was about a quarter of a centimeter longer than the cut of this Prismacolor.  My Prismacolor pencils will last longer."
Great sharpener.
Nice pencil sharpener
nice sharpener
A++++
The most difficult gadget for sharpening pencils. Almost impossible to open to empty shavings.
"Works really good , happy with the purchase"
Excelent sharperner!
Sharpener works like a charm.  Love it.
"I purchased this sharpener when I bought a large box of Prismacolor pencils for adult coloring books.  It was difficult to figure out how to open it to empty the shavings.  Once I knew how to do it, it wasn't hard.  Sometimes my pencils break off while I am sharpening them, which can be annoying."
Sharpens well but the decorative solid black plastic piece broke off the same day I got it when it fell from a table. Not the end of the world as it's just decorative and you shouldn't drop it but it shouldn't have broken so easily.
Great price and sharpens pencils to a nice point
I'm having the same problem with this as others have. The little plastic piece holding the top on easily breaks when you need to take it off to empty the shavings. I haven't had it long at all and wil need to buy a new one as it does sharpen the pencils perfectly. Hoping they made this a little better to hold the lid on better. Once broken it will be very difficult to get off to empty the shavings.
"I have recently decided I need to become a colorist with some adult coloring books and I have found that having a quality pencil sharpener really helps conserve the colors and makes them better to use on the finer points.  I bought this one after using a much cheaper one that shredded the tips of the pencils, and this one makes easy, fine, points!  Hope this helps!"
I don't usually write reviews good or bad but this was Worst ever sharpener!  Almost impossible to open to empty the container and then putting it back together is almost as difficult.  I have already broken it beyond repair.  I would have thought that a company with great colored pencils would make sure sharpeners with their name on it would be as good as their pencils....boy was I wrong.
It's a great product! I'll continue to use this product.
"Not sure if this is really needed, but I bought the 48 piece Prismacolor pencils so I bought this to go with it."
"After reading the reviews here I almost didn't purchase this sharpener.
I went on to look at other sharpeners instead but found more of the same in regard to negative reviews.
So I came back to this one, and it arrived this morning.
It's great!
Let's address those 1 star reviews:
In regard to build/construction quality - I'm sorry, but it's not the manufacturer's fault that you're a ham-fisted oaf.  I'm a big guy with very large hands and sometimes have troubles with small &/or delicate objects.  No problems with this though.  Opened easily, closes well and stays shut.  Easy to empty too.  I've sharpened about 15 pencils with it today - & NO BROKEN CORES!
Which brings us to the ""it breaks the leads"" complainers.  Yes, if you jam a pencil into the hole and start cranking away at it you're definitely going to get broken pigment cores with torn up wood.  Learn how to sharpen a pencil (see previous ham-fisted oaf comment).  Remove the pencil from your dominant hand, place it in your non-dominant hand and grip it firmly with the pointy end toward your dominant hand.  Use your dominant hand to hold the sharpener with its open end (the end with the holes in it!) and gently )yet firmly) place the pencil in the sharpener.  While holding the pencil steady gently rotate the sharpener instead of twisting the pencil.  Don't forget to apply a bit of pressure on the sharpener (toward the pencil!).  Watch as pretty long curls of wood appear in the chamber.  Remove pencil to find it is now even more pointy than before!
........
Man, what a condescending jerk, eh?
Seriously, it seems it's much easier to just point fingers and lay blame than it is to have a little patience &/or accept accountability for your own failings.
Would I recommend this item?  Absolutely.
(I'd also recommend buying some better quality pencils too).
Would I buy it again?  The only reason I can think of that I would need to is that it will probably be more of a pain in the neck (and possibly ridiculously expensive) to track down replacement blades when these eventually get dull than it would be to simply buy a new sharpener - so yes, I would.

Only real complaint?  Pencils come out almost too sharp - but really that's on me.  100% user error."
Just as described.
Fantastic quality.  I do have one of my three units that had the top plastic lid break too soon... The the sharpeners are great.  They sharpen without breaking the lead on graphite and colored pencils.
Nice sharpener
"Worthless. Cheap plastic shaving heads, breaks the colored pencil tips, and can't open it to empty. All this and it's expensive, too!

Spend your money elsewhere. Zero stars, if they were available."
"It's a pencil sharpener. Not much to get excited about, but I do like that the lid doesn't slip off easily, so there is no mess."
"would buy again! This is great, has the short and long lead sharping areas, which helps avoid soft lead breaking."
No comment
Good sharpener.
Good sharpener for the Prismacolor Pencils
"I opened the lid, the hinge looks and feels too delicate for an item that will be used so often but I'll keep an open mind. Then the whole plastic top came off, the glue that holds to the sharpener compartment has failed.  Ok I will fix it but I did spend almost $7.00 dollars, an immediate repair is a bit much but I will still keep an open mind. The prismacolor pencils are expensive so I want the best tools to use on them.  I used it to sharpen a pencil...nice!  The sharpener is comfortable to hold and requires little effort to operate (good for the hands with disabilities).  I couldn't figure out how to open the canister. I didn't want to pull on the lid so I went to youtube.  No help.  Then I saw a small mark on the side. where the hard plastic ends on the clear plastic just under where the sharpener assembly sits.  If you squeeze slightly and push up the top will pop off.  If the canister is full do this over a garbage.  It gets easier every time you do it.  I gave it 3 stars because it does sharpen really well however I am not sure how long it will last."
"Sharpens well and collects the scraps. Nice for traveling provided you have space for a plastic, probably breakable, cylinder. Takes a time or two to figure out opening and closing, but it's good. I like it. But, honestly.....this same company makes a tiny metal sharpener as apart of a larger kit. I like it a bit better. Then again, this particular sharpener doesn't ""take"" so much of the pencil when sharpening with it. Buy both kinds. Choices are nice, right?"
works okay...
Awesome easy to use an simple to clean out
I love my Prismacolor pencils so I wanted to get the most use out of them. The sharpener is helping me do just that. Great sharpener for great pencils.
"I like it , you can use 2 ways to sharpen your pen"
Another great item fro Prosmacolor!
Sharpens great
Simple to use
"Good value, saves you pencils"
I found it to break the core of the pencil; very disappointing.  No matter whether I twisted the sharpener or the pencil ... the core would break and these were while trying to sharpen Prismacolor Premiere Pencils.  Would NOT recommend.
Good quality sharpener for my Prismacolor pencils.
Works!
This is the best pencil sharpener I have ever owned. I use it for all of my pencils cause they come out so smooth and sharp! Man I would buy ten of these if i could.
I can actually sharpen my prismacolor pencils without destroying them.
"What a great, inexpensive little sharpener.  I love it.  Perfect for my colored pencils."
Does the trick.
Loved it! Great buy!
"sorry for the rating. our very nice pencil sharpener got stuck while i was sharpening one of my art colored pencils. i had to through it away. since then i have tried everything promising, but they did not do the job. prismacolor has been the best one so far, but i am still looking."
Works good
Lid broke in less than an hour!
It's awesome two types of sharpening methods
My top choice for colored pencils.
"This sharpener was a one time use. I sharpened 6 Prismacolor pencils and it's full.  It does sharpen very well, but the black part where the actual sharpeners are attached is so far down in the unit that it is impossible to get it out without breaking it. When the plastic disk/lid comes off there is nothing to push up on. A pencil sharpener should not be this difficult to empty. Very disappointed."
great
Works well
The cheapo sharpener I picked up at CVS is actually a better product. This one breaks the point just like the cheap one. But the top on this one pops off easily leaving a mess in my box. Save your cash for some good pencils and skip this one.
This is the sharpener you want. Especially for soft leads. My daughter uses it for her prisma colors. I sneak in and use it for my eyeliner penicls.
"Prismacolor pencils are expensive and fragile, this is the best sharpener for your investment. Manual sharpeners are gentler on delicate pencils and the design is well thought out, the shavings come out in one long strip like they're supposed to, the cap is nice because if you put it in your bag you don't get pencil shavings everywhere. You can see the sharpener while you're sharpening which is nice."
"I'm actually on my second one of these -- wore out the first one after about 4 yrs of use.  Yes, the blades will eventually get dull, but the price point on this little sharpener is low enough that purchasing a replacement isn't a huge deal.

I've used this on my Prismacolors, my Aquarelle watercolor pencils, my Staedtlers, even my cheaper RoseArt and Crayola pencils, and it does a fine job on all of them.  I like that there are two sharpening ""profiles"": wide and narrow, as I alternate between the two depending on what I'm coloring.

A note about emptying the shavings: it can be a bit tricky, especially since there are no instructions at all.  Here's what I do:  first, it empties out the top, meaning you have to remove the entire top sharpening apparatus to open the shavings compartment.  DO NOT attempt to do this by opening the lid and pulling on it.  You will break the lid (as some other reviewers have mentioned).  Instead, leave the lid CLOSED.  Hold the unit tightly in one hand and use your thumb to gently push up on the top just above where the top sharpening unit joins the transparent plastic housing.  The first time you do this, you may need to use both thumbs to push it off.  Once you get it off, empty the shavings and carefully line the little ""notch"" at the rear of the  top with the little ""bump"" at the back of the housing, and snap it back into place.  After the first time, this will all be easier.

All told, this is a nice little sharpener -- works great with all my pencils, and lasts quite a long time with regular use."
"If you use prismacolors, go ahead and get this. It sharpens better than a normal one for these pencils."
Works well with Prismacolor pencils
great
The best sharpener I have ever owned. Two completely different sharpening styles and goes perfect with the prismacolor colored pencils. Completely recommend.
Works great!
Love the two choices for sharpening.
"Amazing sharpener. Spend the little bit extra, it's well worth it."
Works great
Very sharp and precise.
"Very good sharpener. The quality of the pencils sharpened by this sharpener is much greater than those sharpened by another cheaper sharpener. I would definitely recommend this pencil sharpener to anyone, whether it be for school, or pursuing an artistic career."
Lid broke the first time I tried to empty it
Works great on all of my prismacolor pencils both soft core and verithin. It holds up very well unlike other sharpeners that come apart and shavings end up everywhere. Good to have as part of your art supplies.
sharpens prismacolor pencils extremely well! little waste!
"Not as good as expected. There are cheaper and better sharpener. For example, Maped that they are Chinese."
Good sharpener but disassembly of case to discard sharpenings is tricky. Practice well when empty to get the proper technique mastered.
Good!  You will need to sharpen a regular pencil once in a while to remove the wax.  Use a wooden tooth pick to push through a big clog of wax if it breaks off.  Don't use a metal nail file like I did.
Works well with the Prismacolor colored pencils.  It sharpens without wasting pencil lead.
I am very disappointed in this product.  It is clumsy to use and breaks the pencil points too frequently.
Ate my pencils
"This thing really works!! I was using a regular pencil sharpener (the kind you use for HB's) on my prismacolour premiers, and it kept breaking the points. I had to keep sharpening over and over, whittling down my pencils. This is so much better because it doesn't break the soft leads, and you can get narrow or wide points depending on what you need. I didn't know how much I needed this until I used it. Amazing!"
Great sharpener!  Two sharpeners in one.  You can chose the type of point you want.  Sharpens very evenly and very quickly.  I highly recommend this product!
Sharpens well and looks really nice. I like that there's a cap so little fingers won't hurt themselves
"WOW!  I thought this was a bit steep for a hand-held sharpener, but it is worth every penny!  Perfect points!!  This will make my drawing soooo much easier!!"
"Sharpens nicely, but next to impossible to open! I ended up pulling the black decorative accent off just to be able to get enough leverage to get the top off to empty the shavings."
Perfect!
"Didn't work for me.  Chewed up pencils like an electric!
Expected better from Sanford."
this is hands down the best sharpener I've ever used. No dragging or breaking. Worth every penny.
it's ok
gooooooooood
Love it!
It is good quality and easy to use
It can do a thorough job of sharpening and that is a great thing.  The only trouble is trying to learn how to open the thing!  It isn't complicated but it isn't intuitive either. A direction on the package may have saved my husband and me some time.  But I like the sharpener...
nice sharpener.  It makes a sharp point without taking lots of the colored center off.
"I've used other sharpeners on my Prismacolor colored pencils only to have the leads break, the surrounding wood splinter, and generally end up badly. This sharpener has never failed to produce a nice sharp pencil for me. There are two sharpeners in this...one with a very long, sharpened point and the other with a shorter sharpened point. Well worth the money. I have not used this on my Derwent pencils yet, so I don't know how well it works with other brands."
This is definitely my favorite sharpener for my Prismacolor Premier Softcores.
"I used to use the cheap plastic sharpeners, the same ones I'd used in elementary school, never had a problem. Then they stopped sharpening and started chipping and grinding my pencils. I couldn't get one to sharpen without breaking the point. Well, This sharpener was well worth the price. It sharpens beautifully and smoothly! I LOVE it. I go through long periods of sketching and drawing every time I stop walking. I had resorted to mechanical pencils. Now I can use the wood ones again of all hardnesses and use them right down to the nub. As soon as the holder I ordered gets here I can use the nubs too! Ok, I didn't buy it through Amazon, I happened to see one in an art supply store, but get one any way you can! But Compare prices, always!"
"decent, as described."
"Well, it does sharpen pencils, kind of.  Not what I would bother labeling as Premier.
I think we throw words like this around all to often these days."
This sharpener works great! Offers two choices of sharpened points. Love this product.
Kept breaking the tips off the colors. I would not recommend.
"Never did a great job of sharpening my Prismacolors, and the plastic shavings cup cracked so the sharpener won't stay attached."
"Great price.. So far I have not used this item yet, but it looks good. Fast shipping."
"The prismacolor sharpener keeps breaking the lead of the prismacolor pencils, with my other sharpener it doesn't break the lead."
Definitely great for the soft core Prismacolour pencils I am using. Sharpens to a fine tip - choice of 2 different tips. Handy little container to keep the shavings in. Was a little unsure about how to open it at first but there is a little indent to indicate where to push up on the bottom of the lid.
Great
"It doesn't get as shapr a point as I would expect for Prismacolor pencils. I have cheap sharpeners that sharpen better. I do like that it holds the shavings. It is a bit large and not too portable, so it works better in studio than for travelling."
Given as a gift for a budding artist in colored pencils.
"This actually sharpens better then your average sharpener.  I like it a lot.  The one problem is that the top is awkward and won't really stay on. Also, it has a flip lid for some reason and that is also awkward.  But if we just use it over a trash can, its great.  Prismacolor has another handheld sharpener I like better, it has the green base and black top- its the Prismacolor Scholar sharpener.  This one has two hole sizes but the Scholar does not.  (Both holes are for small pencils, though.)"
"This seems to work really well! Nice sharp tip for detail work. It doesn't chew up the wood and so far, no broken points. My only small gripe is that it could be a bit easier to open for dumping the shavings."
Not happy with this product.
"Great sharpener, never destroys pencils. I use it very frequently prismacolor pencils and it works like a charm. Great price, too."
"Decent pencil sharpener, works well and I like sharpeners that hold the shavings because I am not always near a trash can when drawing. My only complaint is the lid is a little flimsy. I'm sure after opening and closing it a few times it's just going to rip off. It's just plastic with a small, thin plastic like hinge holding it in place."
Wow wish it came in more point styles.
I've used this sharpener everyday for months now and it shows no sign of dulling. It was tricky to learn to open at first but I've got the hang of it now. Great quality.
Good
"Hurts my hand to twist it, I love the Derwent electric sharpener for sharpening."
The sharpener is great but I can't find out how to remove the top to throw out the shavings.  Too bad.
Terrible pencil sharpener. Used it about 12 times and it broke in 3 different places. Finally ordered another brand without a container to catch trimmings. Nice idea. Just didn't work. Who is going to mess with returning such an inexpensive item?
Pencil sharpener arrived in perfect condition.  Glad we added to order with Primsacolor pencils.  Will definitely order again (soon).  Don't want to be without.
Sharpener works great!
Good little sharpener.  Does the job. Nice addition to art supplies.
"I bought this with a new set of Prismacolors and I've had nothing but broken pencil lead while using it. The only reason I purchased this was for the branding. I love the look and construction, but it just doesn't get the job done."
Sharpens my pencils!
"The only reason I didn't give this product five stars is because I found the tips to use it properly in my Prismacolor pencils. But if you use the tips provided in the colored pencils, you will get perfect sharpening every time. Using this sharpener otherwise will result in split and cracking pencils and leads.

From the Tips and Techniques sheet in the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils: ""Hold the pencil steady in your left hand and use your right hand to turn the sharpener clockwise around the pencil. Minimizing torque will help achieve a sharp point with minimal breakage.""

I tried sharpening the ""traditional"" way by holding the pencil in my right hand and turning the pencil. I do not recommend doing this with this sharpener. The tip above worked like a charm though, and I wish it was on the packaging instead of the useless information."
I used it for a week and it wasn't sharp enough to use any more.  So mad that I spent the extra money when the actual blades are the same at the $1.59 one you get at any other store.
It is OK  I just wish I could find the battery operated one that Prismacolor no longer makes.  That one was the best!
"Everytime I use this, the leads come out of the pencil"
"I have used this a LOT in the last month and it is sharpening just as good as the first week I had it. Also, the top closes shut, which is fantastic as it has saved my bacon repeatedly. I've dropped it on the carpet so many times and it doesn't spill! Even with the lid open. That right there is worth using this one for me. It also holds quite a bit, so you can sharpen until your hearts content long before needing to empty it. Also, it sharpens all in one long piece, so you know it is working properly. There are two settings and both come out sharp pointed but one is extra sharp, which is great for detailed work."
Sharpens my Prismacolors wonderfully!
"It sharpens my pencils to a fine tip, This is the first sharpener to date that can do that without having the led break."
works nicely for sharpening Prismacolor Pencil.
"Any artist who uses prisms color pencils will verify that a sharp pencil is far better than a dull pencil. Hence, the need for a pencil sharpener. This particular sharpener is particularly handy and useful."
Love it!
Works great! Doesn't break the leads.
"Can fit in your pocket! There's not much to say about this sharpener other than it gets the job done. I like the compact size. The outer plastic design piece is a little strange to me. I think it's a little expensive, but for me, the price/ form factor is good enough for me."
"I am new to color pencil, but it works well and allows for the two different types of pencil points needed"
"I bought this for my girlfriend who just got in to doing color pictures instead of black and white. Her first attempt was horrible, but that was because we had the wrong pencils. I bought this and the colored pencils together, and the difference was amazing. It really is all a mix of talent and great materials/tools that make the difference."
"The sharpener has been great and it has lasted, I still use it til this day. I purchased it three years ago and since it has proven to have durability I figured I would review it. It makes my art pencils, not just the prismacolor brand pencils, Sharp! It has two options of sharpening one hole will sharpen your pencils thinner and longer while the other sharpening hole will sharpen your pencils thicker and broader; Depending on whether you want to use a a thin or broad stroke with your pencils.

It is super easy to clean, I just wipe it with wet wipes or I rinse the container and set to dry. I have been using this sharpener for the past three years and it still has not dull out. I only use it approximately every two weeks to once a month to sharpen anywhere from 2-8 pencils; In case you wanted an idea of my usage.

Based on these facts I will completely recommend this sharpener along with all of the other prismacolor items that I have purchased. Have not been disappointed yet.

I hope you find my review helpful."
Spectacular sharpener.
Love it. works well for prismacolor soft core colored pencils.
"Sharpens nicely, but I still haven't figured out how to open it and empty it!"
this will not sharpen prism marker however its cheap and works great on pencils.
Works great
Excellent
Works great on both my Prismacolor and Crayola Pencils. I can see how some people may have a problem with it chewing up their pencils- but you have to have a lighter grip when sharpening and know when to stop or press harder to get a sharper point. I like how it's designed with a flip up top and a canister to hold the shavings.
This sharpener is terrible!!! I'm so upset that I bought 2 I want to throw them away. Being a prismacolor product iI thought they would be great for my pencils but they break them apart and eat them up. I've never had a sharpener do this before. I'm a serious artist who sells my work and I wouldn't even recommend this to a school kid.
This hacks at my Prisma colored pencils and those were expensive!  I am actually really disappointed!
"It's ok, they blades are not that sharp, sometimes it breaks the wood of the pencil instead of ""shaving"" it, I probably wouldn't buy it again but I like the fact that it keeps the shavings in the container and it doesn't get messy."
nice sharpener
"Great item ,high quality indeed. Shipping took little time at all!"
Works excellent for the pencils I ordered. Like that it has two options for sharpening.
Easy to use and sharpens very well.
Work like a charm.
"I was really looking forward to getting this because I love their pencils and figured that if they made their own pencil sharpener then it must be amazing. Wrong. It ate my pencils up no matter how I used it. Now i I have to buy replacement pencils for the ones it ate. My cheap-o sharpener works great in comparison. Also, taking this apart was awful. I kept fearing I was going tp break off the attached lid."
fell apart
I won't ever buy a different sharpener again. This is top quality!
like it
This sharpener works very well and fits well in my hand.
this is a very good pencil shappner it doesn't rip up your pencils thank you
"Nice product but breaks easily, hence the low rating."
Works very well.
"I like the look and feel of this tool. Breaks the lead only rarely - probably operator error. If I need another, I will get this one again."
Perfect for prismacolor pencils.
"Sharpens the Prismacolor pencils either thin or wide.  So far hasn't broken any of the leads, which is great!"
"Works very well with their pencils, although I still occasionally lose a pencil tip when sharpening."
Good sharpener lol
Not that great even for the price. Mine struggles to sharpen the pencil and it has gotten very frustrating to use.
"Actually need a better sharpener.  It works, but need better."
"This is the most excellent sharpener I have used yet.  I work allot with charcoal pencils, and this is the first one I have used that doesn't break the tips of of my softer pencils while sharpening.  The ability to make a fine or broad point is nice as well."
Best sharpener I've ever had. Pencils never break.
Works well but the lid refuses to stay on the plastic seems to be cheaply made for the price but is a great sharpener i break very few leads now
excellent product I recommend very good ..
Love the 2 different point sharpness option. Electric sharpeners break the soft lead in colored pencils. This sharpener solves that! A must have item.
Works fine for color pencils.
Less tip breakage as you sharpen your color pencils than other similar sharpeners. Easy to transport.
Works great!
Prismacolor is the way to go.
good
"Works will with the Faber-Castell Polychromos colored pencils I bought. (I like them better than my set of Prismacolor pencils, although both are nice.) There are two different sharpeners which change the amount of exposed lead. One sharpener exposes less lead - for smaller areas. This means you can sharpen more often and waste less lead. The sharpener with the deeper hole exposes more lead, to use in coloring larger areas and shading."
Two options for points is a nice feature. Cover over the place where the pencil goes in is unnecessary; hinge flimsy.
"I bought this thinking it would be great for my Prismacolor Pencils. However, after using it I kept noticing the leads kept breaking off, and I had to keep sharpening more and more, and my pencils were getting smaller real fast. I went back to using a pencil sharpener I got in the make up department of my grocery store, no breakage, works great. I think Prismacolor makes the sharpener in such poor quality so it will eat up your pencils and you have to buy more pencils, thus making more money for Prismacolor. Do not buy this sharpener."
This pencil sharpener works really well on the Prismacolor colored pencils.
"Worked very well. The reservoir for the pencil shavings is ample. Doesn't require very much force to get Prismacolor pencils to a functional point.
Good ergonomic form and I like the color."
"It's kinda weird.. It sharpens sharply but the tip always bends a tiny bit to the left or right. Sharp though. You don't get a very good feel from it. I wouldn't really recommend getting it, there are better out there. Go find it."
It sharpens as prismacolor and other pencils as well as other sharpeners but it is not a lot better. Plus the design is terrible. You have to take part of it off just to empty it. I would not rebuy this sharpener.
I really do like this Prismacolor pencil sharpener. Best I've ever had!
I am a watercolor artist and need clean pencils and other items to paint and draw.  Love  my Prismacolor Pencil Sharpener.  Think I might just buy another.
Does not really sharpen the Prismacolor pencils very well at all.
This has got to be the best sharpener I have used. Glad I bought 2 of them
"gives you an amazingly sharp point of regular, drawing and colored pencils. Not every sharpener can handle colored pencils.  I bought one for myself and one for artist daughter."
"Great pencil sharpener! Bought for my art class. Sharpens drawing pencils quickly and with ease. Not too pleased with how it sharpens charcoal pencils, though. So I gave it 4 stars. Great price, however, portable, and nice results for pencils."
I bought this along with the color pencils. My daughter uses this sharpener solely for Prismacolor Pencils.
Straight garbage. Why even make this?
My daughter goes to an art school. She loves this sharpner. It works well. It is easy to store to bring back and forth to classes. She has tried other sharpness and likes this one best!
works as it should.
Works great
"thank you, received on time, I recommend."
Ascdescribed
"This sharpener is difficult to open so as to release the sharpenings, otherwise the sharper blades are good."
"Disappointed. Poor construction. No write up on exact usage and emptying. so poorly made it is apt to work for a short time.  Emtying was not included in instructions and it was like a rubix cube to figure out without possible plastic (thin-) breakage.  how could this company let it represent it. Don't purchase till you look at other options.

0 breakage."
Very good quality but the union of the lid is a little fragile
Perfect
"This sharpener is excellent, it does not break the tips and it has 2 options, blunt point and fine point. Love it! I use with my colored pencils and my watercolor pencils."
"Great! Works great! I was a little unsure if it was worth the extra dollars, but since I was investing in $60 prismacolors, I figured I might as well ""insure"" them. I have had no problem with sharpening my pencils, none of them have had any broken lead pieces, etc.
the only thing that really bothered me was figuring out how to empty the sharpener....I nearly broke it trying to figure it out.
That would be the only reason why I wouldn't rate it 5 stars."
I got my daughter a nice large set of Prisma Pencils from Amazon and decided to order this as well.  She was very happy to get it as the pencils are expensive and a regular sharpener just doesn't do it. She had to have this for school work.
Best pencil sharpener I ever bought. I love the two lead length options. Works great with any no. 2 pencils.
"I purchased to go along with my recent purchase of some Prismacolor Soft Core pencils. I knew that I did not want to try a regular sharpener on these new pencils, and this was the one that was recommended.

So far, the sharpening has been great! I appreciate that there is an option for a wide tip sharpening or a narrow tip sharpening, although the wide side seems to work better.

It is a sturdy sharpener that is small enough to carry around in an art bag, but not so small that it would get lost.

The only reason that I give this 4 out 5 stars is because the cap over the blades and how to empty it is very strange. There is a lid over the blades that would think would be connected to the lid that opens it to empty it as well, but that isn't the case. Every time I think I am going to open it to empty it, I just end up taking the lid off the blades, and so it is kind of a struggle to empty."
"Sharpens pencils beautifully, but the ritual for pulling the top off to empty it is anything but obvious and sticking something in there too pry it off only broke it.
Shame to have such a great product so handicapped by not  making it obvious how to empty the bloody thing.
Needs a bit of intelligent redesign."
"It's a decent sharpener and so far I've had no problems with it.  It does its work just fine. However, I have a really hard time opening the top and often end up having the shavings all over my floor. That's the biggest downside to this sharpener.

EDIT: I have to drop this down to 2 stars as there are many cracks on it now where the lid and the bottom go together. It will probably break the next time I open it. It's probably because I have to put so much pressure while opening it (it's still VERY, VERY hard to open even after months of using). Looks like I'm going to have to look for another pencil sharpener."
Sharpens too sharp and there is no way to empty the shavings that I can seee - no instructions. A poor purchase.
"this has to be the sharpest pencil sharpener I have ever owned, sharpens the pencils like they are butter"
Extremely hard to open to empty. We actually cracked it while trying to get top off to empty it. Seems to do a pretty good job of sharpening. Top broke off on first day.
These do tend to break easily so don't drop it! Works like a charm otherwise
Works very well on my prismacolor pencils as well as non prismacolor pencils. Does not work well with charcoal pencils.
It breaks the led very easily
The only reason I bought this was because it was an add on. The blade isn't sharp and doesn't sharpen the pencils well at all.
It sharpens really well.
"Goofy, ill conceived design. Flimsy looking lid seems like it won't last long. Time will tell. Works fine although a bit overpriced when compared to the competition."
good item
Best Ever sharpener if you love to color.  highly recommend.
"I could've bought a 50 cent sharpener at the store and been equally as satisfied.
But I decided to buy a 5 dollar sharpener instead and since I spent so much on something to simple
I want to validate my purchase by saying that it's a neat little sharpener."
This pencil sharpener comes with and collecting bin and a lid so all the shavings are kept safe unit you can get to a trashcan. Love it! Would recommend it to anyone using color pencils on the go!
i cant open this sharpener up to unload what i sharpened....  u sent me a bad product :(
Excellent product!!!!!
Does well for sharpening colored pencils.
Great Product.  Easy to use for all ages.
"Bought it as a gift for my wife, who is an artist. She loved it!"
works great!
"Bought for my Daughter for Christmas, she absolutely loved the gift and thought how thoughtful. That put a HUGE smile on my face too."
Works great for colored pencils. A little piece of advice though. Regularly oil the blade  and it will work longer and better. Just a drop of olive oil or the like does fine. Wish they made replacement blades...
Nice
Made for sketching and adult coloring pencils
Needed Item
I bought two of these for my kids. Great quality and sharp blades.
Great at sharpening pencils. Hard to figure out how to open so it can be emptied. The top part sort of pulls off. It also has a plastic lid that covers the holes. Plastic lid broke off after a few uses because its attached by a flimsy plastic hinge.
"good quality,"
Pencil sharpener is a great deal for the money.  We have had many pencil sharpeners and have never had one that works as well as this one does.  Worth the money!
great!
:)
"It's really good, but only one of the sharpeners works. The shavings get stuck in a little flap of plastic that's over the sharpener and then it just stops working. But the side that works made it worth the money. If you want to go for something eve cheaper, go with the ProArt Soft Sharpener."
MORE OF THE SAME PRAISE FROM MY ARTIST GRAND DAUGHTER.  SHE SAYS I COULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT HER ANYTHING BETTER.
Great
"Works well, inexpensive"
Works.well
love it!
100% recommended.
Tis pencil sharpener works beautifully to sharpen pencils to two different point angles.  I have shad it several weeks and sharpened many pencils without any problems.
I got this as part of a present for my nephew along with other comic book supplies.  We had to pry it out of his grubby little mitts to get him to open the rest of his presents so I would say it was a big hit.  Plus it was shipped promptly and was as described.
I thought this would be an electric sharpener but I clearly read the description wrong. With my health problems it doesn't work for me. But I consider it my own fault.
You could buy a better one anywhere for a $1.00. Difficult to empty.
great
"Lead gets Very sharp, and the colour ones don't break like when I use a generic sharpener."
Its a pencil sharpener which is hard to get excited over. It is very well thought out and I like that it really does seem made for Prismacolor pencils.
don't bother with this pencil sharpener. It does a terrible job.
This is one of the best pencil sharpeners I've used. The lead doesn't break while sharpening and I lone the long point that you get.
Prismacolor is a great brand and this sharpener works great.
Here's hoping to no more broken pencils whilst sharpening!
"After buying wonderful Prismacolor colored pencils, I purchased the Prismacolor Pencil Sharpener. It does a super job sharpening. Sometimes the tip of the end of the pencil breaks off but this happens consistently with certain colors which probably has nothing to do with the sharpener. I have had trouble getting the top off the sharpener to empty it which is the only reason why I gave it a 4 of 5 points."
Great pencil sharpener.
Often chews up my pencil. Have lost the tip many times.
"Maybe I'm a little bit challenged?  I bought a set of the very expensive Prismacolor Verithin pencils and thought - Okay I'll buy the expensive Prismacolor sharpener to go with it.  I destroyed six of the expensive pencils with this sharpener before I got wise and went back to using the FREE pencil sharpener that came in a box of CRAYOLA colored pencils.  ALL the pencils I sharpened with the freebie sharpener were within a millimeter of being the same length once sharpened.  Don't waste your money.  Get a cheap sharpener, the kind that gets shavings everywhere because it's open - then you can see exactly when the pencil is at the sharpness you desire AND you can save some cash.  See photos of the sharpener I used and the results on my pencils - the six pencils on the top left  were sharpened with the Prismacolor sharpener."
nice
Great Sharpener! Good quality!
Perfect for color pencils...I drawing and coloring.
it going to work I cant until my pencil come in so I color  this very good product
Great
"Not sure where the good reviews are coming from but I hate it !

It broke all my expensive pencils. It's is terrible.  If what you looking for is a cheaply made sharpener the. Wage your money. Mine broke already ! Plastic cracked in half."
Good!~
box slightly damaged
Works great.
"Best pencil sharpener of any kind I have ever used. In my experience it works just fine with non-prisma drawing pencils. The distinction between the narrow and wider pencil heads is helpful. If you sharpen your pencil with one and it doesnt work like a dream, try the other before giving up. At a minimum it'll save prismacolor users a ton of money by cutting down on the lead you sharpen away."
Works just fine.
Works well with my Prismacolor Premier Soft color Pencils.
nice size.
This is by far the best pencil sharpener I've ever used. It sharpens pencils quickly and very well.
"It was not what I was expecting, I though it would save me the color pencils a little more than if I was using a regular pencil sharpener, but that was not the case."
"I believe this is a good pencil sharpener for the price, and it sharpens my Prismacolors very well.  As a general rule, I prefer manual pencil sharpeners that have a small compartment to hold the shavings.  The blades were sharp, and I could tell by the long and even shavings I got when I sharpened my colored pencils.  I just recently purchased this sharpener, so I cannot testify to how long the blades will maintain their sharpness.  It is a small compartment to hold the pencil shavings so don't expect to sharpen more than 6 or 7 pencils before having to empty it.  Also, it is plastic but I have not had any issues with breakage up to this point.

I notice a couple of reviewers mentioning breakage of the leads in their pencils.  To my knowledge, and experience, Prismacolors (only colored pencils I have used) are wax based and extremely fragile.  You can drop one and literally break the lead inside.  When I have a lead break, I place the pencil in the sun for a few minutes (it's wax and will melt) so the lead can adhere back together again.  If you keep having lead breaks the pencil just may be defective, but again they are fragile.  I also sharpen my pencils by twisting the sharpener, and not the pencil.

Not that anyone needed my thoughts or advice on color-pencil lead breakage; but, I just thought I would throw that out there for anyone who wanted to know."
This little sharpener actually works and doesn't grind down your colored pencils!
Only sharpener to use on your expensive pencils. Works great and doesn't shred them like others may do.
perfect
This works well. Good buy
Perfect no more broken pencil when sharpening
"TWIST THE CAP AND PULL IT OFF! I broke off the plastic grey part trying to figure out how to open the sharpener and I don't want anyone making the same mistake!

Now, for the actual sharpener. It's really great! I works delicately as you'd expect from a prismacolor sharpener. What I mean by that is I didn't get any drag, the pencils didn't catch in the sharpener like they would with some cheap sharpener. It's a nice little desk accessory."
execellent
"I bought this sharpener as it was recommended for my prismacolor pencils. I think it works great, although I feel like the blade wears off kind of quick."
does a great job sharpening my prismacolor pencils but it does a terrible job when i tried sharpening the chain on my chainsaw.
The product was as described.  I was very happy with and would buy from this dealer again.
Fantastic sharpener. Nothing more to say.
A MUST HAVE for anyone working with the prismacolor pencils. What a great sharpener.
"Works great, really love it to keep the perfect tip."
"It's a sharpener so there's not much to write. However, it's smooth, doesn't chew up the pencils and contains the mess. Nice."
Was hoping I could sharpen a bit bigger pastel pencils.
nice sharpener!
"good sharpener, two holes"
The best sharpener in the market.  Sharpens better then commercial sharpeners and produces beautiful sharp points.
"I do not like at all. pen tip breaks easily. I can not use it, also consider that this price is too high for the quality of the art that gives."
I use this a lot; very good quality
A++++++++++
"Exactly as described, Thank you so much"
"Really bad, hard to open it, when I open it , it cuts my middle finger,"
The only sharpener I buy for my prismacolors!
Very useful and works well. easy to hold
"I bought this for my daughter for her color pencils. I also bought color books on Amazon to go with the pencils, apparently you can't use a regular pencil sharpener to sharpen color pencils. This works great! She uses it all the time."
Cuts and shapes the pencils very well
Nice item
"Very good value for the price. It sharpened my art pencils very well, and the choice of having a long or short tip makes is so versatile! It is compact and easy to travel with, and very good quality!"
gladi got this
It was a good product until it broke three days later.
"This sharpener is a piece of junk. First off, it is nearly impossible to unscrew the top to empty the shavings once the thing is full. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I chipped off a piece of it in the process. And then the darn thing has dull blades. I mean it barely do sharpens my pencils. A TOTAL waste of money. The 99 cent version I picked up at the discount store is WAY better."
"This really is a terrible product; I cannot understand all the positive reviews. It does NOT sharpen even the manufacturer's pencils very well, with lots of breakage. The cap hinge is flimsy; once hinge is broken, the cap is useless. Opening is not intuitive. Buy a Staedler."
"First let me start by saying this does work with my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Prismacolor-Premier-Soft-Core-Colored-Pencils-72-Colored-Pencils/dp/B000E23RSQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Colored Pencils, 72 Colored Pencils</a>&nbsp;and my standard graphite pencils without a problem.  No broken leads and no damage to the pencils so that is a relief.  However, the negatives are just too many to make this a sharpener I can recommend.  Taking the top off to empty the collection area is not as easy as something so simple should be.  There is no instructions and the dark plastic that wraps around has little tabs that allow it to be removed but you don't take it apart to empty it.  The top is simply held on by two little plastic tabs where the top sits flush with the base and you WILL break it when you empty it.  One of the tabs broke the very first time I opened it. The plastic where the top fits flush into the base is cracked all the way around the joined section now from how flimsy it is and every time I replace the top when emptying, they grow. Really hard to recommend something that breaks this easily at this price point."
Breaks the ends of the Prismacolor pencils unless I am extremely careful while sharpen and also if do not sharpen them to a fine point. The holes for the pencils appear to big and it allows to wobble ever so slightly and apply pressure to the tips of the pencils. I would think Prismacolor would design something to fit their pencils better.
Functional
"Would not sharpen any of my colored pencils. Just broke the lead every time. A waste of money, it does sharpen regular lead pencils; but I did not need that. To much of a hassle to return."
so easy to use.
"I bought this sharpener to go along with my brand new Prismacolor Colored Pencils. Same brand, so I expected them to be compatible with each other. However, the sharpener rarely sharpens correctly and more often than not, it breaks the tip of the colored pencil off over and over. I'm disappointed."
Great product and super fast delivery.  Thank you so much!
"Great Item, delivered as expected."
I used this a lot. Compare to other sharpeners this seems to be doing the job for me.
"It's not a bad sharpener (the pencils do come out pretty pointy, albeit not perfect); however, my daughter has a difficult time opening it to empty the pencil shavings."
Good
"This is THE BEST pencil sharpener in the WORLD! Great for Prismacolor and other pencils, I use it near;y every day! Great product, made well!"
great sharpener
This Prismacolor Pencil Sharpener is a handy little gadget. It did not cost much but it pulls it's own weight by doing an excellent sharpening job. I would recommend this product.
Best pencil sharpener on the market!
Does a nice sharp job what else to say its sharp
Product arrived fast and is of good quality.
Works.
Very happy will buy again from seller
"I love this sharpener, but the black Prismacolor piece that wraps around it broke off on day 1. I assume it's mostly for decoration as the sharpener still sharpens perfectly with good quality pencils.

 It sharpens my graphite drawing pencils fine, when I tried to use it on Cra-z-art brand pencils, they broke off several times before I could color again with the same color. I think that is the fault of the colored pencil brand, more than the sharpener. It works excellent with my prismacolor graphite pencil set."
"It's an okay sharpener, but i wouldn't recommend. It does not sharpen my prisma colors well. If you want a good sharpener for prisma colors buy a electronic sharpener which is great."
"It's nice that it cuts two different angles. But that's where it ends. The diameter of the hole is too large, making it easy to torque the pencil to the side, there by breaking the lead.  The little one that comes in the prismacolor blender/eraser/shapener kit works a lot better. but only does one angle."
"Keeps coming apart.  Sharpens fine, but so does the $1 one from target."
Nice size to hold on to. But it does not give instructions how to open the catch box to empty it.  It took almost an hour and 3 other people before I figured it out.
"I accidentally bought this when I was looking for a small electric sharpener. It has very solid blades inside, and since it's actually designed for colored pencils, it offers two different profiles for the point. You will find out if your pencils are dry or cheap, though, as it will eat cheaper pencils fairly quickly, and it often breaks the lead. On the other hand, it is a very efficient sharpener. I'm a high school teacher, and about 4-5 full turns will get a new pencil ready for writing.

Although it looks cool, the lid is held on by a very thin piece of plastic. Also, the black curved piece that sticks out on the sides makes it look cool, and it probably was intended to give you a good grip, but that thing's actually pretty sharp. A rounded edge probably would have been better (probably cheaper to mold and release, too, ironically). I accidentally tagged this while looking at a couple of cheap electric sharpeners, and I eventually bought this, not realizing my mistake (and it wasn't the cheapest one I was considering!). So, it's obviously in a higher price range than most handheld sharpeners...

If I specialized in artwork with colored or regular pencil, it might be worth it, but it's not the best option for a classroom or regular pencil sharpening. I'd probably give it 3 stars, but it is very well made, looks cool, and the blades seem to be really good quality."
sharp
"good sharpener, greare price"
"I got 6 of these for my art classroom and though the blade seems good like other reviews say, the lid is a pain.  It does not screw on or have hinges, but just ""pops"" on and off.  It can only do that so many times before the thin plastic wall starts to get hairline cracks and no longer holds the lid on.  I just use it over the trashcan or hold it over another container to catch the shavings because the two parts no longer stay together while sharpening.  This may be a good buy for personal use, but definitely not for student use."
I love my Prismacolor pencils and am really disconcerted when I break them while sharpening.  So far this tool seems to help sharpen without as much breakage.  I especially like the two different angles that you can use.  I find the shorter angle keeps breakage to a minimum.
"How much different could a special sharpener be for colored pencils?  I've always just used a regular old hand sharpener for my colored pencils, and it seemed to do just fine.  Of course, that's when I was using regular drug-store quality colored pencils.  I recently got a set of lovely and fancy Prismacolor pencils and HORRORS!  My formerly trusty and regular hand sharpener mangled them!

So, I hopped on Amazon and used the wisdom of the Average Customer Review feature to choose a proper sharpener for my lovely and fancy Prismacolor pencils.  And voila!  I got paired up with this.  I'm pretty happy with it so far; it gives me a variety of possible pencil points (say that five times fast), isn't wrecking my pencils and the pencil shavings don't stick too badly to the blade.  I find that there's less maniacal banging on the trash can to empty this thing.  My husband appreciates that feature.

Yep, pencil sharpeners need to match the quality of pencil one is using.  Nice pencils need a nice sharpener.  And really, once you use nice pencils, you'll never go back to the scratchy Crayolas!"
Bought for granddaughter borthday
Great sharpeners; especially for the Prismacolor drawing pencils!
great
Perfect
great
excellent service but this item breaks
"Sharpens well, but I can't figure out how to empty the container."
"Works perfect. I travel a lot with my pencils so I love that this is compact and light but big enough that it doesn't have to be emptied every time I sharpen a pencil. Gives a nice, sharp point with even sharpening."
"If you use the ""Prisma color pencils"" you need this sharpener to go with them. An ordinary sharpener will not do. this is specially designed to sharpen these soft pencils and it can sharpen 2 different tips, one for fine tip and one for wide tip, perfect depending on your art needs."
very good product like
It comes apart too easily
the best sharpener out there
"Does what it's supposed to, so far I haven't had any breakage while using this one, though the plastic cover over the sharpening part is flimsy and will break within a few time of opening and closing it."
"In my years as a student, and I've had quite a few (current senior in college) I've had to deal with my fair share of pencil sharpeners and they can be quite bothersome, but not this one. Consistent sharpen every time, good capacity bin for holding the sharpenings, and it is fairly durable."
I liked so much
"I have to give this sharpener one star because there's no zero option. It does not do a good job of sharpening, but rather ""chews"" the tip or breaks the lead about half the time. Additionally, there are no instructions for emptying it, which is not intuitively obvious, and the clear plastic lid broke off within the first day of use."
"Wow; I wasn't sure whether to try this sharpener or not.
I have Prismacolours and had been very upset at how easily they would break while being sharpened.
Now I can say with confidence, that THIS sharpener is TOPS!
Easy to use, gives a choice of two great points and seems very sharp. I really love the large container, it holds a lot of shavings!  I can now travel with my pencils and not worry about making a mess when sharpening them...
The price is decent, too!"
Works great!
The sharpener is great for using with your Prismacolored pencils. It also works well with regular pencils too.
I need more :)
"Works well with all of my brands of colored pencils. Nice to have the large storage for ""peelings"". :-)  With smaller ones you'd have to empty every couple of pencils. This one holds a lot."
"Piece of garbage.
Does a terrible job of sharpening, then, just try to get the top off to empty the shavings. Cracked the case the first day.

Their pencils are spectacular, but find another sharpener."
The main reason I bought this sharpener was because it was quality I could trust and that it had a lid to keep all of the shavings inside. One of my pet peeves is opening my pencil case to see pencil lead smeared all over and shavings scattered about in unreachable corners. This was a relief to have and I couldn't ask for better.
Doesn't sharpen well at all. The lead keeps breaking off in the sharpener and I have to open it up and clean it out constantly!
"Gave as a gift, can't give a good review."
"I'm very pleased with the sharpener, seems to sharpen like a sharpener should.  It is easy to empty, and haven't had any problems with it at all.  Would definitely order another one."
"I have gotten several pencil sharpeners for my prismacolor pencils. They all do the same as this one. They whittle the pencils until little is left. I was so excited to get this as I had spent a lot on prismacolor pencils. The first two pencils kept breaking off and I could not get a point that would not break. Sometimes I think Prismacolor sell bad batches of pencils. As a whole I love these pencils, as they are smooth and have a creamy base. They do beautiful work. All of my books on colored pencil use say to use a fine point and the only  was I can do this is to use a pen knife used by Boy Scouts. I am going to keep trying this sharpener and hope for the best."
"This is an excellent sharpener that gets the job done. I use it for my Prismacolor colored pencils and regular #2 pencils, and it works great.

You may have read other reviews saying that this sharpener kept breaking their colored pencils. I also had this problem for the first 2 days and broke a few of the tips ): I was incredibly frustrated, having bought this and the Staedtler sharpener and both seemed to keep breaking my colored pencils! Then I realized, maybe it wasn't the sharpeners. Maybe it was how I sharpen.

I then looked up the proper techniques for sharpening Prismacolor pencils. Here's what worked for me: Put the sharpener in your dominant hand. Hold your pencil firmly in your non-dominant hand. Then, turn ONLY the sharpener clockwise, checking the tip every now and then.

The problem with how most people sharpen is that when they are turning only the pencil, this causes a lot of motion and vibration when sharpening, which is really bad for the soft lead of a Prismacolor. By turning the sharpener instead, it seems to generate less motion. Ever since I changed how I sharpen, I haven't broken a single pencil tip. Hopefully this simple change will help you!

As for why I gave it 4 stars, it's because the lid just gets in the way when you're sharpening using the technique above, and serves no real function. Also, instructions on removing the cap to get the shavings out was not clear; I had to look at other Amazon pictures to see where I was supposed to put my thumb and push up. Small nuisance.

TOO LONG; DIDN'T READ: Great sharpener. Annoying lid. Before posting an angry review about lead breakage, make sure your pencil sharpening technique is good."
"Great sharpener, and at a good price. I bet any large craft store would charge upwards from 10$ for this sharpener, especially because it's a name brand as well. It does a beautiful job and has two different options for the size of the tip you want. It holds the shavings inside. It is about as wide as a hot sauce bottle, so it is large but it can easily travel in a book bag, while still holding a good amount of shavings. It also doesn't burst open and spill like a lot of other sharpeners I have had. Very happy! Thanks Amazon."
"a real good sharpener, but recommend you watch the youtube on it, was difficult for me to figure out how to open container. once i watched video it was easy. maybe you could included better instructions or youtube link"
Works as it should.
This sharpener works very well with the softer 'lead' of the Prismacolor colored pencils.  It sharpens to a fine point without wasting the pencils away.
nice
"Item as described, great packaging. Highly recommended."
"I'm in a class where the instructor swears by electric sharpeners for Prismacolor pencils, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money on an electric sharpener for just this one class. I got this sharpener because it has two blades, one for a short point and one for longer points. I can get a very sharp long point with it. When I used it in class, my teacher was surprised that the point was sharp enough for her standards. It doesn't get quite as long as an electric could, but it's still very sharp, and my teacher had no complaints (though she still kept saying I'd be better with an electric because her style requires keeping a very sharp point at all times).

The only awkward part that took off that 5th star is the shape and angle of the sharpeners. To sharpen a Prismacolor manually, it's best to hold the pencil stationary in one hand and turn the sharpener with your other hand. You're less likely to tip the pencil and break the lead. The shape of this sharpener makes it a little awkward to turn, but I'm still experimenting with the best way to hold it."
Okay sharpener.  Breaks off tips of lead.
"This sharpener is an OK option if you are looking for a portable sharpener.  I like the convenience of the sharpener's included shavings holder although the first time I tried to clean the sharpener, I had a hard time figuring out how to remove the top.  You have to grasp the top section and carefully twist and pull it until it comes off.  The process will become easier with repeated use.  When you reassemble the sharpener be sure to line up the small notch on the top part with the bump on the sharpener otherwise the top will not fit properly.  I use the sharpener primarily to sharpen an existing point on my colored pencils and for this it works well.  To initially sharpen my colored pencils I still prefer an electric sharpener."
"Its not much different then any other pencil sharpener, it might actually be worse."
"I'm surprised Prismacolor endorses this sharper, after 4 pencils, it began breaking my leads! At $1.15 per Prismacolor pencil, you'd need to be a millionaire to use this sharpener! I got better results from a sharpener I bought at the 99 cent store!"
It is a  very good sharpener easy to use
Best pencil sharpener EVER!!
"I used this on my Prismacolor pencils,an It works okay. Honestly it works just like any other sharpener. Save you money and buy something cheaper."
"I really enjoy this sharpener, because it can give you a long sharpened lead for regular pencils, or a short, sharp lead to draw with for your expensive, ""prisma"" pencils."
I waste lots of money trying to sharpen my prismsa colors. This is the best sharpener ive ever used. Just try it. You will be impressed. Best money ive ever spent.
Excellent. This was a gift and I haven't heard any complaints as of yet. I suppose they like it. Don't know.
Works well and as described.  Needed something that wouldn't fall apart while sharpening and didn't cost a fortune.  This sharpener is easy enough for my 6 year old to use.
"I love it because it's comfortable to use, and I really thought it was going to be a small sharpener like all the others I have, but no, it's perfect. The blades are super sharp making you waste less while sharpening your pencils. At first I thought it was a lot for a sharpener and I didn't wanted to buy it, but I must admit that I was wrong. Totally worth it. Came sealed and super fast!"
I bought this sharpener for my 5 yr old and I opened it and handed it to her.  She pinched her pencil between her thumb and index finger and twisted the pencil.  It was sharpened with little effort.  Great product...
"I bought this product because of its brand to ensure the sharpness of my colored pencils, but it broke apart during a railroad trip but it works fine when held together! Thanks!"
It sharpens the art pencils wonderfully but I can't get it open to empty the shavings.  No instructions on the packaging or indicators on the sharpener as to how to open it.
Bought this for my daughter who literally draws ALL the time and goes through pencils like crazy. She loves this sharpener.
This sharpener has consistently broke/ate my pencils.  Extremely disappointed.  I recommend that no one purchase this item.  Quality colored pencils are not cheap.
"This has an attractive design, but I prefer a longer sharpened point than this sharpener will produce. The little two-holers do a better job if I can't get to a Boston."
Works great. Very handy size and the two different sharpener options is a plus. I have enjoyed using this sharpener.
"Got this about three days ago, and it's already broken! Firstly, the Prismacolor Premier sharpened pencil tips would break inside, not sure if it's the sharpener, the pencil or both! Had separate issues with the pencils too! Additionally, when I went to empty the shavings, the top broke off completely, and I couldn't even empty it! I'm so disappointed; don't waste your money like I did."
I got this for my prismacolor colored pencils and it works very well. Almost no broken tips and two sizes to choose from.
"An improvement over their last model, which was awful. Good capacity for shavings. Two sizes for different diameter pencils. Stable and secure. Does lot leak shavings."
"Prismacolors are soft cored/oil based leads so you should not use traditional sharpeners. This is great for the Prismacolor colored pencils but you have to remember not to use too much force, sharpen gently! If your leads are breaking it isn't because of the sharpener, you're probably using too much force on what are essentially really soft leads. (Be more gentle than you would with a graphite pencil!) I have and love this sharpener and don't trust any other sharpener for my art pencils, plus you can't beat the price."
I almost got a electric one but this is the only sharpener you will need. Recommended buying two one for your
"I have read some complaints about prismacolor color pencils breaking with some sharpeners and I can say that it is very true. I used a simple sharpener at 1st and the pencils would always break and it drove me nuts. I got frustrated that the tips would get dull and not stay sharp after coloring for a while ( bad for details) so it was mandatory that I find a good sharpener. I read some of the reviews for this and honestly I was skeptical. I thought prismacolor was just trying to make money buy claiming this would sharpen the pencils best. I was desperate and on a tight budget so I bought it and decided to give it a try. I sharpened with my verithin colored pencils and holy cow they were sharp! No breaking of the lead and it sharpened pretty evenly, and now I get better detail when I color. I don't know if this will work for premiers or everybody, but it worked for me."
"Although I gave this five stars, I haven't personally used it.  I gave it as a gift with Prismacolor pencils.  Hope their pencil sharpener is as good as their pencils."
This was a waste of my money!!! I thought that this sharpener was going to help the pencils from breaking. No way! It's also very difficult to open to clean it out.
"I didn't think it was possible this actually works great. I haven't used it so much so if it does get dull and starts not working, i don't mind buying more. you'll be better off since pretty much every sharpener likes mess up the penicels"
This was a GREAT purchase. I use prismacolor pencils exclusively and have had problems with other sharpeners breaking the pigment - this product leaves the process worry free.
"Great sharpener, wish I'd bought one a long time ago. So clean and neat, easy to open/close, empty... sharpens great and has 2 sizes which is nice too."
"I use colored pencils almost daily. I have tried several sharpeners. Do not use traditional sharpeners, the lead in a colored pencil is totally different and clogs other sharpeners almost immediately. This one works well. I like that there are 2 different types of sharpening you can do. Only draw back was when I went to empty it, the little plastic top came off. It's only glued on, not very secure, but it didn't affect anything, I just put it back on and kept sharpening."
"The sharpener itself gives a good point and is easy to clean out if a lead breaks (lead breakage in this case isn't a reflection on the sharpener so much as my pencils getting banged around in transit), and I've been very happy with how well it stays closed.  It's been great to carry around without having to look for a trash can to sharpen pencils over or clean pencil shavings out of my bag afterwards."
Fast sharpener. Doesn't break off lead which is important.  Not easy to lose as other smaller ones.  Great purchase in my opinion.
My friends and I use watercolor pencils in our cardmaking so there are a lot of sharpeners in the group.  Everyone comes to use mine be cause of the quality of the point you can achieve and the choice of tips.  I also like the container for the clippings. I would definitely purchased again.
"When you use hundreds of Prisma Pencils, keeping them sharp is hard work. After a few years, you find yourself collecting pencil sharpeners, hoping to find THE one that makes it easy, that produces a fine point, that holds breakage to a minimum, that feels good in the hand, and other attributes as well.

This sharpener meets all the above requirements. Let me describe why I like it:
 It is large enough to fit in the hand so that you can hold it steady. A precise angle must be maintained, so a sharpener that is steady in the hand is half-way there before you even put the pencil in.
 It has a  inch neck that grips pencils with close tolerance. This is the other half of getting that precise angle and maintaining it. As you turn the pencil, the neck holds the pencil steady and doesn't allow it to tilt in relation to the sharpener. I just checked a half-dozen pencil sharpeners whose necks were from 1/16 inch to  inch. They do not hold the pencil straight.
 This sharpener produces two points; wide and narrow. If you are a pencil artist, you know when each type is more favorable. Most sharpeners do one or the other. usually it's the fat slope, whose point wears quickly, but otherwise lasts a long time. The fine point will do detail work for a little longer between sharpenings. I'm very glad to have both kinds.
 It collects wood and core shavings. They stay inside. If you turn it over, you don't get colored grit on your hands, which then gets on your drawings. The lid keeps everything in, yet flips up instantly when needed.
 Empties easily once you figure out how. How to remove the cap: the top "" (or just under a half-inch with the cap snapped down) is the part that comes off. It looks like part of the body, but it is tapered so that you can push up on it with your thumbs, and it will come straight out. Do not twist! Do not pull on the cap. The cap will last a long time if you don't pull or twist it. So, just get your thumbs under that last half-inch (avoid the decorative ""wrap"" part) and push straight up.
 Large enough to hold a lot of shavings, yet small enough to fit in most bags without having to reorganize.
 Will not dump shavings in your drawing bag/satchel/pack/case/drawer.
 Pencil shavings are not pretty to look at. The smoked color of the Prismacolor sharpener means you don't have to.
 Stands easily on its circular base.
 While it is round (cylindrical), it is weighted so as to resist rolling. On a flat-rubber surface, I had to tilt it beyond 8 degrees to cause it to roll (empty). That's a greater incline than any railroad grade, and more than all but the steepest of automobile grades. It'll give you a fighting chance to catch it before it rolls down the hill you're sitting on while drawing Mount Rushmore.

About broken pencil leads in Prismacolors:
A dull pencil sharpener, and/or one that does not hold the pencil at the same exact angle against the blade, can indeed break the lead before you've finished sharpening, but that is not the major cause of broken leads. Prismacolors are very soft. Drop a pencil, and even though the wood appears unbroken, the soft core ""crayon"" inside will shatter in as many as a dozen places. Trying to sharpen one of these is an exercise in futility, and you often have to wait until you get to the end of one before it stops breaking off inside the sharpener. This is not the fault of the sharpener, though as stated above, dull cutters and loose necks can cause most sharpeners to twist off a shattered core before THIS sharpener would do so. Generally, as long as these cutters are kept sharp, this sharpener will resist breaking the core of the pencil. It must be understood, however, that once a pencil has been dropped onto a hard surface, or bent, its core is shattered and no sharpener can prevent it from breaking. You can only hope to find a piece that's long enough to hold until sharpened, then strong enough to hold while you draw.

To sum up: the broken cores inside a pencil get twisted out by a dull sharpener or one that cannot maintain a proper angle. While no sharpener can prevent your pencil cores from being broken internally, this one at least does its best not to exacerbate the problem. In short, don't blame the sharpener... up to a point.

Ok, so it's a long review for one of the simplest and ordinary tools in our box. But the thing is, there are differences between pencil sharpeners. I have them all. I love some of my tiny, handy sharpeners that can go in a pocket, a pencil case, an Altoidsbox (along with several erasers and other tools), but they are all guilty of being messy and not holding a perfect angle. This Prismacolor sharpener may be a bit more bulky, but it is probably the best sharpener I've used on Prismacolor Pencils, for the reasons stated above. If it wears out quickly, then I'll take back my 5-star rating, but so far it deserves what I gave it.

Shooshie"
"It seems that the sharpener got dull pretty quickly.
When new, it sharpened my colored pencils great.
About a month later, my colored pencils are not getting decent points and a lot of lead is breaking often. Due to having expensive colored pencils, I cannot afford to waste so much of them!
However, the seller delivered my products quickly!"
I have wasted my life looking for a decent pencil sharpener. They don't exist. I know they don't exist but the quest goes on. This one is supposed to be for colored pencils. Right. They break the pencils just like every other sharpener I've used. Razor blade and sand paper. Final answer.
"Greetings, excellent product purchase without any problem, in good condition and perfect, the selected product, 100% responsible, would recommend. My son fascined."
"Good brand, performs well, two different point sharpeners with two different styles. Sleek design, not very big, about the size of the regular pill bottle."
"I bought this as a birthday gift for one of my nephews.  He's into drawing and sketching, so he needed a pencil sharpener for his Prismacolor pencils.  It seems to be durable and long lasting.  He hasn't said anything to the contrary.  I guess he likes it."
"This is so cute and small works good on my color pencils for ANATOMY class.

Would love to find a larger one in size to go with my baby one!!!

RN4LIFE
So cute and works just like a larger one for a manual pencil sharpener."
"Its okay, but I still prefer the old type that
attaches to a wall to get a better point that
doesn't break.  You have to really take your
time with this little thing."
A gentle push with your thumb or thumbs pops top off then you can empty! Not rocket science and no need to pull on lid!
"Its a manual pencil sharpener, great for kids to take to school, and that's it, Don't look for any bells and whistles."
Great sharpener for both Pencils and Prismacolor Colored Pencils. You get a nice sharp point. Ive never had a problem with the point being loose after a sharpen like I've had with others. Buy it. its worth what it costs.
It gives your pencils a very accurate point and never seems to bust the lead but it doesn't hole much shavings.
"I prefer the shape of this sharpener over the oval shaped sharpener (also a Prismacolor product); however, I am having a problem with a lot of broken leads.  I am not sure whether the problem is with my pencils (broken or off-centered leads) or a possible problem with using the sharpener. However, this sharpener is much easier to hold than the bullet shaped sharpener."
"Love the way these pencils work, but they are pricey as with this pencil sharpener. Works well, but could be more cost efficient. Fast shipping."
"This is really a good pencil sharpener. very smooth, my color pencils are very soft, but use this to sharp my pencil, it's not break again. I love this."
I bought this for my daughter for her art class she took in high school.  She still uses it today.  Works great and no complaints.
Works very well to get good point on my pencils.  Has two types of points which is nice depending on what kind of work you are doing.
This is awesome for colored pencils...but...the top broke within three days and half the time it breaks the lead in my pencils. The blades also dull VERY quickly leaving you having to buy a whole new unit.
This thing is a pain and I don't bother using it anymore. It has a habit of breaking the point and it comes apart constantly.
"This little mighty pencil sharpener is a must.  You can put it in your pocketbook or brief case, on your desk and just have it handy all the time.  Good buy."
"Colored pencils, regular #2 pencils, eyeliner pencils (is that gross?), lipliner pencils (is this grosser?), graphite pencils, charcoal pencils, but I don't know about any other pencils. We'll have to wait until someone gives me another type of pencil."
"Works ok.  But I thought it would be a little bigger and sturdier.  Overall, it works just fine though.  : )"
"My sudoku skills have really picked up since I bought this!  I get tired of looking at a video monitor or my iPhone, so playing on paper gives me a break.  I keep this handy to maunally sharpen my pencils (which gives me a little wrist exercise at no extra charge!).  I still don't get that whole finned fish thing though.  I mean I do, but how do you spot them?"
"I purchased this to use with the Prismacolor colored pencils I bought, and have found this sharpener to work very nicely.  It does not break the core of the pencil like other sharpeners I have used."
"I like this sharpener for what it does, and it is nice having the two options for tips (broad or narrow), but not sure why they included the black plastic outer thing. It has no function other than looks, and is only held on by two inserts into the main canister. The problem is that it falls off easy in my bag, and those wholes let the smaller shavings out. Small design flaw, but it works. I just took the black part off and taped over the wholes."
"I bought it to use with my Premier pencils, and it broke more pencils than it sharpened. It works with other pencils very well but not with the ones I bought it for. Don't buy it for Premier!!!"
Easy to use and sharpens prismacolor  pencils very well.  Do not hurry when sharpening or the pencil lead may break!
"I sharpened an entire box of 24 Verithin pencils yesterday and although I have a sore hand, the pencils came out fine!  The blades seemed to stay sharp for all of the pencils and I imagine they will do so for a long time to come."
Broke after two days of Barely any use. over all the sharpener DID do a nice job with sharping but Case broke after emptying it 3 times in 2 days.
Our granddaughter (and her mother) liked this packaged with an arty coloring book (Frank Lloyd Wright) and the Artist quality pencils.
"Nice size, good sharpener and cool design. However, the opening of the cap to dump the waste could be improved."
"Haven't had much problems so far with this fancy looking thing. It definitely won't hurt the pocket, being only around $5 and the only problem I had was figuring out how to open it to take out the shavings lol It has markings on the inside to let you know which side sharpens wide vs sharp so that's cool. Overall, I'd say it's a pretty good purchase~"
"Just got theis pencil sharpener and am very disappointed--first with myself, I was trying to find a battery operated sharpener and this popped up.  Since I have some Prismacolor pencils and am planning to order some more I thought this would be a good thing to have, but now that I have it, I'm not so sure.  I have trouble with my hands and I can't figure out how to open the thing to empty it.  It doesn't seem to sharpen very well either.  I have a small, cheap hand held one that works better and it's probably 40 years old.  I guess I'll keep searching for a good battery operated one."
"It breaks and destroys prisma colored pencils! Not only that but the entire thing broke apart...piece of garbage, which is where I threw it."
Really good sharpener. I use it for my colored pencils. There are two different sharpeners depending on how you want you pencil to look. I'm really happy with this purchase. It works very well.
"Although there are two settings for the length of the point, neither gives you the nice long point you get from an electric sharpener. I don't use it."
"Very disappointing product, very cheaply made. I hate plastic, so I should have known better in the first place After this got destroyed and the sharpener dulled very quickly, I found a German-made metal sharpener that continues to work very well for my colored pencils when the get too short for the electric sharpener."
Prismacolor pencils are beautiful but fussy - you really need a sharpener that can handle the process without destroying the leads - If you are buying the pencils buy several of these - especially if you have a forgetful child...
"Great sharpener.  It really does the job! Don't hesitate to purchase this product. You won't be disappointed.

Sara T
Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario"
"Finally a sharpener that works with these high quality pencils!  Such a great gift for the holidays, such a needed gift!"
Worked so well that someone else stole it and had to order another one.  Exactly what she needed for her prism pencils.
"I love Prismacolor Premier and Verithin pencils and I have about 7 sharpeners.  Someone suggested I get a ""good"" sharpener since I have expensive pencils.  I landed on this one assuming that Prismacolor would make a sharpener ""good enough"" for their own pencils.  I was actually amazed in the difference.  The blades are high quality and very sharp.  There are 2 different holes, one for wide angle and one for sharp points, which makes it perfect for using with both the premier and verithin lines.  It is sturdy and well made, the cap is secured well so you can travel with it and not wind up with shavings everywhere.  I put it in my purse often when I travel and I'm not worried about it spilling.  I was a sharpener skeptic but I'm totally sold on this one now!"
"Great sharpener, has nice durable plastic. My child is very hard on sharpeners and breaks them in a week. Not this one, going on 6 months now :-)"
"Its a nice pencil sharpener but I feel they're all a little over priced.  I bought the four that I listed below and I think they're all pretty good. I suppose the things that might distinguish one from the other is the convenience of being able to throw it in your bag and take it with you. So for that reason Id say I like the Kum Long better, which  is probably the reason its  priced a little higher. The Maped Classic is small and nice but it doesnt contain the shavings.

I listed them according to my preference, from what I feel is the better one to the least favorite.

1) Kum Long Point Pencil Sharpener with Pointer ($7.25)

2) Staedtler Double-Hole Pencil Sharpener ($5.94)

3) Maped Classic 1-Hole Metal Pencil Sharpeners, Grey, 2-Pack ($5.56)

4) Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener ($6.00)"
"I purchased Prismacolor Pencils, and i wanted a sharpener that would not eat half the pencil up while trying to get a point on it. This one was perfect, and the price was pretty good too."
"Perfect multi-use pencil sharpener, LOVE the attached cover . . . can actually carry about in a box without it making a mess.  Not just usable for the listed product . . . but for all pencils."
"I love this sharpener. I am an artist and so I'm constantly sharpening pencils of all kinds. This sharpener stands up well to all of them, sharpens everything to a nice fine point, and doesn't break the leads often."
"After having owned this sweet beauty for almost two years now, I say it's done a mighty fine job in terms of getting to the point. But that's it, after a year or two the blade becomes dull and of need of a replacement."
"It is nice having a sharpener that is designed for these pencils, Others break the lead or insides, more than this does."
"I had to buy five pencil sharpeners before I found one good enough to replace the Panasonic battery powered I'd had for 20 years.  Most of these today use a blade rather than a grinder, and only a grinder gives me the point I want.  The only satisfactory product is a Staples brand.  The Derwent sharpens well but so far has been impossible to open for emptying the shavings!

Such a simple product!  Why should it be so hard!"
Most of the sharpeners I've found are pure junk. This one actually does a good job. Not much else you can say.
"Prismacolor, the best complement for my job ! Architecture! I recommend it for any technical and artistic drawing! And the best price!
I love my pencil colors!"
"I have several pencil sharpeners that I use in my colored pencil artwork, but this is one of my favorites.  I bought it to use with my Prismacolor colored pencils and I have been very pleased with my purchase.  It works well."
"I like this pencil sharpener because it's small enough to fit in my purse, it holds the shavings nicely and has a cap that snaps securely so the shavings stay in the container."
"Pretty good sharpener.
Just incase no one elses knows, There's the first lid that opens so you can sharpen the pencil and to empty it you pull off the whole lid, The sharpener comes out as well when you do that.

This is useful for me since my floor is covered in pencil sharpened...ings"
"Of all the pencil sharpeners I've used,( I've used too many to count) I like this one the best and will definitely buy it again as needed."
It seem like the pencil keep breaking and not easy to sharpen them. I even got the Prismacolor premier pencil sharpener and was unhappy with both the pencils and sharpener.
"This is a very nice, durable, and affordable pencil sharpener. I've had no problems with it thus far, however, I was initially confused on how to open the compartment with the pencil shavings in it. The top just pops off, but for some reason I thought the side slid open."
"This is the best pencil sharpener I've ever used! It sharpens fast, doesn't break pencils as easily as the cheap ones. Pretty cool looking too... as cool as a pencil sharpener can look... I guess."
What can one say about a pencil sharpener?  It does its job and I like the two holes that allow different degrees of sharpening and the container which can be emptied of the shavings.
"I bought a set of 132 Prismacolor Premier pencils, and this sharpener. Two of those pencils were down to half their length before I had even used them more than once because the first time I tried to sharpen them, this sharpener kept breaking the lead. It broke the lead in almost all of the pencils, but two of them more than the others. I finally followed the advice of other reviewers and bought a Derwent battery operated sharpener, and I have not had a broken lead since."
"The plastic parts (like lids and the container for the shavings) on all my pencil sharpeners are typically quickly broken.  Not the case with this one.

I use it to sharpen a graphite pencil on occasion to help with wax build-up on the blades, and I have absolutely no complaint about this product."
I went on this crazy quest to find a pencil sharpener for pencils used at a golf course. This did the trick for a reasonable price.
"It sharpens great but the lid broke the very first day I received it. It is not the kids who broke it, it was actually me."
The sharpener broke after about a week. It didn't sharpen nicely to begin with. I would highly recommend not buying this for any reason.
This is a terrific sharpener. Does a great job and being able to chose from a narrow or wide point is a real plus.
My daughtEr tried to sharpen her prismacolor manga pencils using a normal sharpener and it does a terrible job. This works great and it can sharpen the pencils to two different points. She loves it.. The cover is hard to open and could be better designed.
This is the only sharpener one should use with any prismacolor pencils. I have found it to be well worth the investment.
"The sharpener is good itself, but the cap keeps falling off and spreading shavings in my bookbag. I don't think it's worth it"
"I like this sharpener but the top could be attached better, a little flick and it will be separated from the sharpener."
"This sharpener was a disappointment kept messing up the tips to my pencils, cannot recommend to any one. Expected more from Prismacolor."
"GET ONE OF THESE.  THE GIVE YOU GOOD SHORT AND LONG POINTS WITHOUT CHEWING UP THE FINE LEAD OR POINTS.  SOME HAVE COMMENTED ABOUT THE LID BREAKING AND I SUSPECT THIS IS OPERATOR ERROR.  I USE MINE DAILY AND NO PROBLEMS.  HOWEVER, IF YOU TREAT IT LIKE SOMETHING OTHER THAN THE GOOD TOOL IT IS YOU CAN PROBABLY BREAK IT.  IT IS NOT A HAMMER."
"This is the best small sharpener I have ever used, works very well with the prismacolor pencils, well worth adding with the pencils."
"I placed a combo order of Prismacolor Premier Soft Core Colored Pencils (132 set) along with a set of Colorless Blender Pencils, and finally the Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener that this page is trying to sell you. Long story short, Amazon says my package containing the Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener arrived between August 26 and the 29th, A vanilla envelope was waiting for me and you can imagine my excitement to finally receive my sharpener and complete my Prismacolor set. I noticed somthing odd about the envelope when I removed it from my mail box...it was rather...flat...upon opening the envelope I discovered that nothing was sent to me at all! I received a package from this seller, BUT SAID PACKAGE WAS EMPTY!

I post this as a warning to all others buying from this seller, I was cheated out of my money, Do not buy from this seller! I am still waiting for someone to contact me and offer a solution. I will be willing to take this negative post down once I receive what I purchased!"
"If you are a setcher, (and if you use colored pencils--or even number 2's) then you will eventually need this device. Works perfectly."
I have had mine for about six months and have not had anything to complain over. I do consider this sharpened to be a very important tool and do care for it very well. It has kept its sharpness for much longer than I thought it would. When its time I will get another.
"It took me 30 minutes to figure out how to open it. There aren't any directions on the package.
It has also eaten a lot of Prismacolor pencil leads. (They keep breaking off in the sharpener.)

The only good things about it are that it is pretty and doesn't leak, so no shavings on my desk."
"I wanted the shorter pencil tip style for my fancy colored pencils, and this was the only one I could find. It lives up to the job! Once around and the entire pencil is needle sharp! :-D"
Did not work on prismacolor watercolor pencils at all! It chewed up the leads and the pencil holder is difficult to open. I don't recommend this at all.
"I use this when I take classed at our clubhouse and have to sharpen pencils a lot, which I do all the time.  I am a colored pencil artist, and we have to keep the points of our pencils sharp."
"I never believed finding a good pencil sharpener would be difficult.  We bought at least 5 manual and electric sharpeners during the last school year and always had trouble with uneven sharpening and exposing too much of the lead.  However, This sharpener is wonderful!!!!  I have tried several kinds of pencils and all of them sharpened well.  Great product!"
I'm a stickler for a sharp pencil.  This sharpener fits the bill perfectly.  It will sharpen a long or short tip and holds a weeks worth of shavings.  Wonderful find from Amazon.
"Many pencil sharpeners I've used have messed up the pencils so once the lead is sharp, it simply falls out of the pencil itself.  No such problem with this one!  Happy."
"I placed a pencil inside this sharpener, and the tip of it was sharp as a needle. This is the perfect sharpener for artists who like precision in their drawings, and for business people who use pencils for reliability."
"I actually ordered a 2nd one for my daughter.  I've been using it for charcoal pencils and my daughter uses it for colored pencils.  I learned a neat trick.  When sharpening soft leads (like charcoal) which can sometimes break off in any sharpener try using the opposite hand.  Hold the pencil still and twist the sharpener around it.  Not sure why it works but it does, creates a very fine sharp point every time."
"I use this as on office pencil sharpener. It works very well and gets a sharp tip in a couple of seconds. Much better than cheap sharpeners from Walmart. This product might be flimsy for travel, but it's fine just sitting at my desk, and I really like the lid that caps it off and keeps the shavings inside. I've had it for a week, and so far the blade hasn't dulled yet.

Edit: Blades are still sharp. Just tried this with Prismacolors. The first couple of times the tips broke. It wasn't the pencil's fault. I was actually applying too much pressure. After sharpening the pencil slowly at a good angle, the prismacolors don't break at all. Still, sharpening pencils really slowly so the tips don't break is what I used to do with #2 pencils and Walmart sharpeners. Works, but not ideal. I don't use Prismacolors too often, so taking some time to sharpen doesn't bother me, but I'd have to experiment with other methods if I did."
Pencil sharpener was better than expected. IN THE PICTURE it looked larger and when received it was smaller and a great size for backpack and mobility. it works great and would buy again.
I wouldn't say that this sharpener was necessarily worth the expense. I would recommend just getting a cheaper one because it'll probably work just the same.
"This is exactly what I needed. I lost the use of my dominant hand, using a sharpener is challenging one handed. I am able to grip a little with my hand so the body of the sharpener is a perfect fit. I've learned to use my other hand - somewhat, struggling with a sharpener is no longer a problem."
works really well with my prismacolor pencils - would recommend one with the other - other sharpeners have had a tendency to break the lead inside the pencil - not this one.
"What can I say, it is a pencil sharpener that actually sharpens them! Easy to use and cleans out easily"
"I'd assume that this pencil sharpener is designed and manufactured to work with Prismacolor pencils.  It may be me - I don't have much gripping strength - but none of my expensive Prismacolor pencils have sharpened evenly using this device, and since the lead of these pricey pencils is invariably broken inside the casing, this sharpener quickly clogs up with lead and wood shavings and it is a chore to pick out the detritus.  I prefer my old electric Swingline sharpener.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone who has any gripping problems, it actually is painful trying to use this product.  In disappointment, I threw this pencil sharpener in the trash."
For me you have to use the sharpener very carefully and easy as it breaks off the lead and then the tip is stuck inside the sharpener and you have to take a toothpick and take apart and punch out the lead tip.
sharpens every pencil to its finest and keep it it all in good shape and love the quality of the blades and its really good to me at least been a while they made a good quality sharpener and worth the money ^^
I really like the fact that this sharpener has a short point sharpener but dislike that the lid starts falling off after a mere week of use
"Out of all the pencil sharpeners I personally have been though in my life this manual sharpener gets my 5 stars, works great!"
This is the best pencil sharpener i have ever owned. Fast shipping and low prices. I use this with the prismacolor pencils. They sharpen up very nicely without breaking the fragile pencils.
"As most of you artist know and purchase Prismacolor Art Pencils, they are amazing and not cheap. So I don't like to lose much of the pencil when it needs sharpened. This is perfect and very happy about this product. Thankfully I don't have to use my electric pencil sharpener with my expensive Prismacolor pencils.....they are worth the money. Thanks for another great product. Happy...happy customer!"
"This is the best small manual sharpener we have used.  It works for prismacolor pencils as well as our old #2's.  Simple and dependable!

UPDATE August 2016: THE TOP (cover) for this NO LONGER 'STAYS' put on the top ... so you have to hold it on (if you want to keep the shavings inside - or you could leave it off an use over a trash can if you just want to get the job done).  I would at this time, RATE IT @ THREE STARS just because it hasn't held together. As well, sometimes a 'LEAD' GETS STUCK in the sharpener and I have to push it out before continuing."
"I was ecstatic upon the first two or three uses because it did an amazing job. However, it went dull within a few days, literally, it was like 4-5 days. Graphite used to clean and sharpen didn't seem to have any effect. I don't think I'd purchase this again unless it became a $2 throw away item. So disappointed because I thought I'd finally found a great sharpener. My artist friends and I are constantly on a quest for a good sharpener but this isn't it."
"I had been hunting for a sharpener with a short taper for my softer colored pencils. The Prismacolor bullet-shaped one was okay, but this one is perfect, and offers you the choice of a more normal taper for the other pencils you may be using. I will probably buy more so I can have one for the road and maybe a spare."
"I love my prismacolor premier pencils and this is a solid manual sharpener. I tend to use the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/School-Smart-Vertical-Pencil-Sharpener-6-x-4-inches-Electric/dp/B003U6VSHU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">School Smart Vertical Pencil Sharpener - 6 x 4 inches - Electric</a>&nbsp;when at my desk but this is a good mobile alternate."
"I bought this sharpener because my previous electric pencil sharpener has a problem with occasionally breaking my expensive Prismacolor pencil's leads; this sharpener doesn't just *occasionally* break them, but every single time.

I'm very disappointed with this product and I'm returning it ASAP.  It looks like I may have to buy something more expensive to use with my Prismacolors."
"I have to admit I was holding my breathe a little when I ordered this sharpener for my Prismacolor Premier Pencils. I spent a pretty penny on them and I was VERY disappointed with my inability to sharpen them with a conventional (manual) sharpener. I suppose I thought if I spent a little extra for my colors they should almost sharpen themselves, lol. This sharpener is INCREDIBLE!!! Easy and smooth, and no need to use much pressure. Be aware of the crayon portion though. If it is over sharpened it will snap right off next to the blade. It's like anything else, the more you use it the better the point becomes. I have no problem recommending this product."
"Prismacolor pencils are hard to sharpen because the lead is soft. This sharpener puts a nice point on the pencil & there are two holes for different lengths of point. However you have to sharpen slowly or the lead is likely to break. The holes are pretty narrow, & will not fit pastel pencils, for example."
"This is a great product to use as a back-up for a larger sharpener when working with colored pencil. I would recommend it
to someone else."
this sharpener is great for prisma color pencils not for a reg pencil i tryd it jajaj but then again i did not buy it for those so it works for the prisma color pencils perfectly as it should goood product
"This sharpener is amazing, awesome and also doesn't break the point off my color pencil like my other ghetto sharpeners would. I am in love with it and it also fits perfectly in my Art Bin case."
I love this pencil sharpener.  It give me two options of the type of point I want on my pencils.  It fits comfortably in my hand and does a great job on all my pencils.
"If you don,t sharpen your pricey pencils the right way you can waste your money .  This keeps the lead at the right angle."
"This is a manual sharpener (it came up as battery operated when searching).  However, it is a good sharpener and does the job."
i use this pencil sharpener for everything as well. its handy and small and fits in my purse with all my other pencils and prismacolor products.
"I love this sharpener, I have another one but it's a small handheld. I had expected this to be a bigger sharpener that I could keep on the desk (which you still can). But when I got it, it's a lot smaller than I thought it'd be - basically it's handheld size. I still love it though works great and is easy to empty!"
"best non-electric sharpener.  It's extremely difficult to find a pratical pencil sharpener, but I think I've found it in this product."
It's a little smaller then I thought. But it will still work. The lid also looks like it will break with a little use.
"the container could be larger- but that might be annoying too.... so ???
This works very well with Prismacolor pencils"
"I figured if I was going to spend a lot of money on my Prismacolor Premier pencils, that I should spend the few dollars on this sharpener for them too. I was right. This works far better than a cheaper sharpener, meaning I don't have as much of the pencils wasted as I sharpen them. That is exactly how it should be."
"I bought this sharpener to use on Prisma colored pencils. While the sharpener may work on regular #2 pencils, it does not work at all with colored art pencils."
"This sharpener did not work with sharpening my premier prismacolor pencils,
the leads broke almost every time,I thought it might be a bad batch of pencils but
i tried several pencils from older boxes and the same thing happened. After about trying 20 pencils
I gave up. This sharpener does sharpen regular pencils OK, but I did not get  the same experiance
that many others had. Simply did not work"
One does not want to spend a lot on a sharpener but one must to have a great result when drawing with colored pencils.
It's supposed to be great for Prismacolor colored pencils.  What I notice is that the lead breaks off in the sharpener often. The sharpener also broke the first time I emptied it.. There is a sharpener by Faber-Castell that is so much better.  This sharpener is not worth buying. Don't waste your money
"Easy to use, inexpensive, and quickly received. As an artist, this comes in handy for more solid pencils that aren't hand chiseled with an exacto-knife."
"This was supposed to be a gift but it came with the packaging already opened, which kind of stunk. Hard to tell if it was used or not and  just hard to give a gift that's already been opened."
"My daughter is the artist in the family. She loves this brand which once again comes through shining. When sharpening, it doesn't break the leads on the pencils. The design is attractive and it's easy to handle."
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. She say's it works well and gets her prismacolor pencils to a sharp point easily.
"So a color pencil regular pencil wide and narrow sharpener from Prisma Color. It's portable, does the job, and easy to tuck away. I had a bit of confusion when I was trying to figure out how to empty it and upon dropping it I figured it out. No directions or logical directions on the back but all and all a good sharpener for color col-erase non photo blue pencils."
"This sharpener is amazing. It is hard to find a good pencil sharpener that can get the right point, but this one works perfect."
"I'm hoping this thing last longer than a moment...
It sharpens great and has lotza space to hold the shavings, that's the upside.
The downside: Whomever made the call to not put a screw cap on should be flogged!
The way this thing is designed with the snug/lamo pop top will not hold up long.
And the flimsy little cover that they have over the sharpeners will probably fall of when I'm writing this review!
But it really doesn't do anything, and a waste of material and time anyway...

It just bums me out when designers make lame calls on no brainers that would make stuff work waaay better..."
I have been looking for a sharpener that sharpens pencils the same way that they are when you buy them. It has the point that is much shorter than usual pencil sharpeners. Also having a cover on it so the waste does not come out the top is a plus.
thank you for premier pencil sharper and it worked well and it a good price and thank you and fast
"This Sharpener works really well, but has proven to be fragile, don't have your kids put it in their backpack... the plastic is not strong enough.."
This sharpener is the best. I use Prismacolor pencils and this sharpener provides a sharp point without wasting too much lead. Great price also.
"The reason this product did not receive the full 5 stars was not because of the quality of the product but how I received the product.
When I opened the package, the case which held the sharpener was already opened which made the sharpener appear to be used, even though I bought it ""new"".
The sharpener still works great, I was just disappointed that I spent $8.00 for a new sharpener when I could have bought a used one for more than half of the price off."
"I bought this for my Crayola colored pencils...but I now keep it in my makeup tray...it's great for all my liner pencils.
No drag....and no shavings to mess with!"
I small 5 cent school sharpener does just as well. I haven't found much difference between the two sides and I'll have one sharp side and the other still has wood on it and I have to use a knife to clean it.  Maybe just have to get use to it.  Also a bit harder to travel with in my art kit because of size but can find it easily on desk.
"This sharpener was recommended to buy when I bought prismacolor pencils. But it works horribly! The points break off on the first turn, you can never get the pencils sharpened. I gave up with it on those pencils. However, it works fine with woodless pencils."
"This model looks a good buy--but it sharpens art pencils in the smaller opening with points that immediately break as they are not shaped properly. As well, you (at least I could not) figure out how to open it. I tried sideways swivel, turn, ect. Maybe I got a dud, but I wouldn't bother with this!"
"If you're going to spend up to $3 per pencil for the Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, you might as well make sure you have a good sharpener.  I figure a regular cheapo would work, but if you think about it, each twist of these premium pencils in a sharpener is like a penny a twist, so I figured I should get the ""endorsed"" sharpener to get a good point without having to grind down the pencils.  I don't personally use this but my daughter does.  I'll follow up if there are problems, otherwise, I'm sure these will do just fine."
"Bought it to use with my Premier pencils, and it broke more pencils than it sharpened. My KUM sharpener works much better, though I was hoping to save that one for use with my regular pencils. When it HAS worked, I have never been able to tell the difference in tip angle produced (wider vs. narrow), between the two holes. They both produce a tip angle that is roughly the same--somewhere between wide and narrow.

This sharpener is a piece of junk. Replace your QA team, Prismacolor!"
This is great for my art class.  It can sharpen the two different sizes and keeps all the shavings in the container.  I think this is a perfect item to have if you need to sharpen some pencils.
It is easy to use and it does a great job of making the point really sharp and holds a lot.
"I first bought the cheaper version (Oval).  This one, with two sizes for refining your point was much, much more effective."
"Another winner from Prismacolor! Really cool contemporary design with dual sharpeners that accommodate both their standard colored pencils and their Verithin colored pencils. It has a flip-top to protect the sharpeners and your fingers, as well as the whole top lifting off so you can empty it. Also, the larger sharpener works well on Rose Art colored pencils. The smoke color and its sleek design just add that much more to its professional appearance. The price didn't hurt at all, either."
"I only hate it becAUSE IT WAS A CHRISTMAS GIFT THAT ARRIVED IN AN OPENED PACKAGE..
WHAT""S WITH THAT.
."
"great product at a great price, bought for my wife, who is a teacher, and she has been using almost non-stop on all her pencils"
Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener broke after the third pencil I sharpened with it. Light a cigar with that $5 dollar bill instead.
"The sharpener was perfect, and i absolutely love love love it!! It gave my prismacolors sharp points which is hard to do. I bought the 132 pack of prismacolor pencils and am satisfied completely. Everyone who owns any colored pencils should BUY this!!! It works on all my other brands too, like staedler, caran de ach'e, crayola, etc."
"I am in organic chemistry and we use colored pencils everyday . this is perfect to keep on desk and sharpen my colored pencils, durable, and works great"
"Was a gift for my mother - who now owns two. They work great for prismacolor colored pencils, as well as ordinary No. 2s"
"and it works fine.  looks nice. is small and easy for my kids to use.  nothing special about it, but its cheap and functional"
"love the fact that I can sharpen my prismacolor water color pencils to a fine point, or the more blunt point"
I bought art pencils as a gift--and this sharpener was perfect!  Sharpens two ways for maximum use.  A Genius idea!
"It ships fast arrives in a good time. It is a good product, easily sharpens prismacolor pencils as regular sharpeners can't. I had some trouble opening it at first to dump out the insides, but that's probably just me. Otherwise it's a good product, pretty cheap price wise. Looks pretty cool too imo"
"The top is very hard to open to dump out the shavings. It will quickly break as the top layer of the cover separates from the piece of plastic it's lightly glued to, and then you are stuck."
"What can you say about a pencil sharpener? It sharpens. The receptacle
for shavings is fairly adequate, but it could be a bit easier to but back on."
"I liked the pencil sharpener just fine, but was bored and decided to read the information that came with it. It turns out that there is a special way to use this sharpener that creates a nice sharp point. Who knew! I like it a lot and will buy another if the need arises."
I bougt this based on several reviews of prisma colored pencils by artists who said that the pencils last a lot longer than if you sharpened them in your home sharpener and broke all the leads.
"I have bought many sharpeners for colored pencils and this is by far the worst.  Even the cheapest sharpeners work ok at the beginning, this works like the dullest of old ones.  The points break off in about half sharpened and it is extrermely hard to dislodge the points stuck in blades. It tends to rip at the wooden part of a pencil. With the two  slots there is very little difference in size.the prismcolor brand  doesn't mean quality here.
I don't recommend"
The sharpener does a great job with both my Prismacolor and regular drawing and writing pencils. My only complaint is in the lid. Despite carefully lining up the groove in the lid to the sharpener it usually opens up and the contents spill in my drawer where I store the sharpener. It needs to be emptied after each use which I would prefer not to do. Would still recommend as a purchase.
"This is one great sharpener for their pencils, was constantly breaking the tips while sharpening with other sharpeners. this one fixed that. A bit large to carry around but goes in the art bag ok.

Highly recommend!"
i was very suprised when i saw bad reviews about this item.the pple who say that they cant sharpen pencils and that the tips of the prismacolored pencils break off are not sharpening correctly.do not sharpen to fast.sharpen slow and steady.the blade is very high quality and can be used for other pencils too.many of the 1 dollar pencil sharpeners break fast and the blade isn't sharp enough.this is a cheap price for such a high quality pencil sharpener.i guess the cap is a little tricky to take off but don't be too rough with it and try to yank it off. be patient with it and figure out how to do it.overall this is a great pencil sharpner and you should buy it.
"Sharpens with a few turns of the pencil - amazing point and does not break the tip as cheaper sharpeners can do.
Nice agronomic design feels good to hold. Elegant and practical.
Value for money."
"Kids find this sharpener works better than any they have ever used. Can't complain when kids are happy about it. Great price from amazon, thanks again."
"I bought this sharpener for my Prismacolor colored pencils but I sometimes use it for regular pencils. However, the tips of the pencils become no different than a regular sharpener that you can get for a lower price. The top pops right off for the inside to be emptied and cleaned. This part was a little confusing, since it seemed like the back piece was the piece that comes off. Also, it may not be the product's fault, but there are areas of my sharpener that came scratched. Unlike what another reviewer said, this pencil sharpener actually does not break pencils. The reason their Prismacolor colored pencils broke was probably because they moved the pencil around while sharpening, which breaks the whole lead inside of the pencil causing the lead to be broken in pieces. This sharpener is good for the Prismacolor soft core pencils and is also a great addition to a Prismacolor set.

The reason I did not give this a 5/5 was because it wasn't clear that the top ""pops"" off and there was no mention of a removable cap."
"I haven't been able to successfully sharpen a pencil (even a Prismacolor pencil) with this, but I have managed to get the top to break, so I can't pull the blades out in order to empty the shavings that have been generated by my many attempts.

I think it's finally sinking in that I should never buy a pencil sharpener that is made primarily of plastic - including the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Westcott-iPoint-Electric-Pencil-Sparpener-With-Auto-Stop/dp/B000GP0RFW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Westcott iPoint Electric Pencil Sparpener With Auto Stop</a>, which did at least manage to sharpen one pencil before it stopped working."
"I used this to sharpen my Prismacolor Verithin pencils. The blade is very sharp, almost too sharp, it splintered the lead on my pencils (see photo). I tried a cheap pencil sharpener on the same pencils and it didn't do that to the lead. I used it on my Prismacolor Soft Core pencils and the lead broke 5 times. I used my cheap pencil sharpener on the same pencil and the lead stayed inside the pencil. For both types of Prismacolor pencils, the wood splintered where it meets the lead, but it could be the cheap wood case Prismacolor uses. Overall, this pencil sharpener is sharp but not dramatically different in quality or results than other sharpeners. I compared it with a cheap dollar store pencil sharpener and it performed about the same so that doesn't say much about its quality. I gave it 2 stars for sharpness because I can use it on my Crayola pencils without splintering the wood or the lead, I took away 3 stars for the flaws I mentioned above."
"I had to throw this away without using it---it is difficult to open the barrel to empty it without breaking the plastic. I broke the plastic trying to open it and then had to throw the whole thing away. Nice looking, but not at all functional."
"It claims to contain a high quality steel blade. There isn't one. I stick the pencil in the holes and there is nothing there at all. That means that either there was never a blade in the first place, or the blade was so half-assedly secured that it somehow fell out while I was taking it out of the packaging and is now stuck somewhere in my carpet waiting to slice up my foot. Either way is completely unacceptable. I very much regret buying this useless and possibly dangerous piece of garbage."
"Great sharpener to use with the Prismacolor product line. I really enjoy that this sharpener has two different angles and allows me to use a blunt pencil. Many sharpeners get the pencil too sharp with causes some of the softer nicer pencils to break. However, that is not the case with this one. Very nice product."
"I bought this pencil sharpener so I could have one at school when the school's sharpeners didn't work (which was most the time.) The blade works fantastic. It sharpens all my pencils well, from my Prismacolor pencils to plain Crayola colored pencils to my Ticondiroga #2 pencils. The only problem is that the plastic casing did break after a while. I was pretty rough on it though so I guess it was bound to happen eventually. I carried it around in my pencil case and it got bounced around a lot.

So in conclusion: Blade is fantastic, casing is not. If it's going to stay on your desk, that I would recommend it. But if you plan to travel around with it, then I would not recommend it."
"If you are thinking about purchasing this product please go through the reviews thoroughly.  The holes in which the pencils are inserted are loose fitting for the prismacolor pencils, causing the pencil tip to break off during sharpening.  With colored pencils being 1.69 a pop, it gets extremely irritating.  The top part where the sharpener is attached is poorly built, the two little notches to hold it together wears out quickly and it does not want to stay on without taping it to hold it together.  I don't understand how this gets high reviews...it is poorly designed.  Buyer beware!"
"The Sanford Prism Pencil Sharpener dulls to quickly.  I used it on my Prismcolor colored pencils and after 4 or 5 sharpening of the pencils, the sharpener was dull.  It may work on regular pencils.  Definitely, not meant for long term use on colored pencils."
I've had this all of five minutes and it's broken.  All I did was try to open the lid and it broke right off.
"To tell you the truth, i would rather buy this than any dollar pencil sharpener any day. I got tired of those old little cheap sharpeners and sought out for a good sharper that i don't have to sharpen next to a trash can. this thing gets the job done. plus it's pretty neat.

Although at first i do have to say it was kind of difficult to get the top off so i could dump it out. Plus the cap that covers the top of where you sharpen your pencil opens and closes so that if you are not using it, no dust in or out. pretty neat, but I'm just afraid it could break of since it's just plastic. So far holds up really good."
"This works just as described, good price, very convenient, smaller than it looks too! The plastic handle looks a little corny and feels weird in your hands though."
"I bought this Prismacolor Premier Pencil Sharpener to use with my Prismacolor Premier pencils.  With the first four new pencils that I tried to sharpen, it broke the ""leads.""  I tried again, and the same thing happened again.  Then I tried sharpening the same pencils with the little KUM (made in Germany) sharpener that came with my pencil set, and it it worked fine without breaking the lead. (The KUM sharpener also did a good job on brand new, previously unsharpened pencils.) Next, I tried a Prismacolor pencil that I had previously sharpened successfully several times with the KUM, and the Prismacolor sharpener broke the lead!  I do not trust the Prismacolor sharpener and I will not use it again.  I don't think that Prismacolor would knowingly market a piece of junk, but they need to monitor the quality of their products.  The manufacturer of this sharpener is very sloppy about quality control."
needed an inexpensive sharpener for the house and kids - the cheap $2.00 ones broke the lead and you ended up chewing away the whole pencil. I ordered the Prismacolor Premier - have only had it for short time but it sharpens pencils to a very sharp point and has not broken one lead. The cup is also large enough you can sharpen multiple pencils before needing to empty but without the unit being too big. Others I have used barely held enough to sharpen one pencil. So far we are happy with it.
"I was hoping that this would be a better sharpener than the cheaper ones, but it's not much different. It works a little better if the pencil is forced up against a side of the metal and then turned, otherwise it's the same sharpness as any other $2 sharpener. I give it 4 instead of 3 stars simply because the shape and design of the sharpener make it look a lot nicer and easier to hold. Still trying to find a good handheld pencil sharpener..."
The sharpener is okay at best.  It is better than a really cheap sharpener but I still expected more.  It does not sharpen my pencils evenly and can cause breakage of the pencils too.
"This is a great handheld pencil sharpener. I am very picky when it comes to how a pencil should be sharpened, but this gets a very thin point at the end with no hassle, and (as an added bonus) it looks cooler than the other options I saw."
"After buying a set of Prismacolors, I found that the pencil sharpener I had was far from sufficient - the lead would split a little and it would sharpen far too much off. I looked around and found this. It is very affordable, and while it is not batter operated, it sharpens them perfectly. I get just the right amount of sharpening without having to worry about breakage or wasting them. There are two different sizes in the sharpener, making it very versatile.

The only drawback is that the lid is very flimy, and the body does not hold a lot. My main concern is that it will break with regular use, but the cost is low enough that this was not too much of a drawback. This is a must have if you use any good quality colored pencil."
This is the first item my wife picked to go with her color pencils and all. She absolutely loves it. It does what its supposed to do in sharpening pencils. But she says it really does a fantastic job on the prismacolor pencils hands down. Thanks for a product well made.
"This sharpener is perfect for Prismacolor premier pencils. I tried using another brand that I use for watercolor pencils, but that one just chewed up the Prismacolor. Worth the small investment for the premier Prismacolor pencils!"
"This product was very satisfying, the duo sharpener allows me to keep that fine tip on my new Prismacolor pencils and still allows me to sharpen my regular pencils on the other side available. This seller was also extremely descriptive of the product so i was left with no surprises or questions. I'd highly recommend this product and this seller to any one of my friends or family, I'd also consider buying from this seller again :)"
"I can't review the long term use of this product, as it arrived at my door shattered into pieces.  The company was great and offered to send me a replacement immediately, but I declined and decided to purchase something else.  The pieces alone felt a little fragile and cheaply made, so I wasn't too confident in its durability."
"This is a fabulous sharpener.  Having the colored pencil option is fabulous!  I'd like to have all of my fifth graders have one of these.  No more clogged crank or electric pencil sharpeners from colored pencils and such a nice movement and noise reduction in the classroom!  This sharpener is sturdy, has adequate holding for shavings, and feels like something that could last many years."
precision sharpening is what you can expect. I'm age 60. I stopped using pencils long ago because of poor sharpening from every sharpener manual or electric I've ever used prior to this gem of a sharpener. Have just purchased five more for wife and kids.
"It was a gift for my daughter, and she loved it."
Holds up very well. Really like the two selections for sharpening tips.
"THE BEST investment I ever made in my entire life. Pencils rarely break anymore. Just be sure to turn the sharpener, not the pencil, and replace once in a while to keep the sharpest blade possible. LOVE this item."
"Very fast delivery, happy with items, thanks!"
"It works, but it was broken when it arrived."
It makes the pencils very sharp.
Works great. A lot better than an ordinary pencil sharpener
It's amazing how a simple tool can make me happy!! I now can sharpen my pencils easily and very well without (a) going to the electric sharpener and (b) reducing the pencil to nothing by over-sharpening. This does the trick with a very minimal effort and barely removing any of the pencil.
Works well
I love prismacolor pencils and this sharpener! Works great with little effort.
