"Purchase for my 6 year old grand daughter who loves art.  The wood box is nice as it keeps everything together.  Lots of variety.  Nothing elaborate about this set, but a good one to start with for the price."
"This was a Wow! gift on Christmas morning.  I was looking for an art kit for an 11 year old and most were either too childish or too complex.  This kit had everything I was looking for and it did not break the bank.  My budding artist really loved the wooden box as well.  Ordinarily, I would not buy something like this for a child because it contains art products that they might not be able to control.  This is only for very advanced young artists.  I would suggest people order them well in advance as they tend to sell out quickly."
"The art set looked expensive. Sturdy wooden case containing all the tools needed for a young artist. My 8-year
granddaughter and I were very happy with it. Perfect for keeping everything in one place."
"This product was described fantastically, exactly what we wanted ..... but when it arrived, we (and more importantly, our daughter) were very disappointed.  The quality of the markets is poor, but what is worse is that the ""24 oil pastels"" are NOT oil pastels - they are just 24 additional crayons with the words ""oil pastel"" on them.  We have seen and used real oil pastels, and these are not oil pastels.  Recommend that people steer clear of this product!"
Got this for my 10 yr old daughter. She LOVED IT. As soon as she got it she immediately began using it to decorate the outside of the case. The little plastic scissors broke on the first use but are easily replace with a more quality pair.
"Definitely a great piece for a beginner artist!

Not as large, or as high quality as expected, but is WONDERFUL for the price!"
It's a good product for the price and was delivered in great condition. My girls (9 & 11) will love it.
Great gift!
kids have lots of fun with this set.  fast service
Great Product
flimsy but you get what you pay for!
Love it!
Granddaughter loved the gift.  She loves to draw and now has her own (big girl) art supplies.
"I gave this as a gift, many of the markers were dry."
My step daughter loves it
"Ok, not great quality"
"Over half of the markers were dried up.  It was past the return date when I realized it (within weeks), or they would have been shipped back!"
good
Best quality
"It's great. There's nothing left to say! I mean seriously. It's perfect for your kids, although the plastic along the edges has a very strong sensation if you know what I mean and it could end up giving you a ""paper"" cut. When you get it you'll know what I mean! Real good birthday present!"
"very good and quality set. I am very grateful and pleased with this purchase. Thank you so much. with the best regards, Natalia Kondratenko."
Nice art set.
"Most of the pastels were poor quality. I would not recommend buying this, even as a cheap gift."
Good item
nice
"Everything came the way it should have, everything but the box. The box handles are not like the picture and the flip lock bracket popped off when I first opened it,  but everything else if perfect. I tested the art supplies and they all worked perfectly!"
Exactly what it says perfect
kids love
Great gift
"The oil pastels and crayons are one and the same.  Packaging looks nice, but the product doesn't deliver what it claims to.  Make sure to read the reviews for your specific product because Darice combined reviews of all of their products to make it seem as though 4000+ people reviewed mostly positively for this art set.  Very deceptive!"
Granddaughter loved this! Nice selection and the case makes it easy to organize and have everything at your finger tips!
My daughter loves this set!
"Love it, i am really happy with this purchase."
"I purchased this for my 7 year old niece birthday. Unfortunately, I couldn't open it and use them since it was a gift, so I can only recommend this for the casing. The case is made of wood with a wood handle attached with metal rings. The case is very durable and can be possibly be used after the set is finished with replacement markers, crayons etc."
This drawing kit has been a surprise for my girl ... thank you
Got this for my 9 year old grandson's birthday.  It was a hit.  It presents well as a gift and as far as I can tell the items in the kit are of good quality.
My daughter loves it
Great gift.
Color is very feint
Very nice simple starter set for my 5 year old daughter. The case is slightly difficult for my daughter to close but she can do.
"This is a review for Darice 131-Piece Premium Art Set  Art Supplies for Drawing, Painting and More in a Wood Case - Makes a Great Gift for Children and Adults.

A few years ago, we found a cyber Monday deal for an art set like this one.  I cannot remember the brand, but I do remember that it was ENTIRELY used by my children.  My kids loved using all the different supplies and colors to make pictures, and they just loved the fact that the case could be closed and carried around like a briefcase.

We decided this year to see if we could find another good deal on an art set, and we found the Darice 131 Piece Art Set.  It looked entirely like what we had before, had lots of colors and different textures of coloring (marker, pencils, crayon, paint, etc.), and it was really a bargain.  And, believe it or not, our kids were so excited to get the Darice kit and have been using it ever since Christmas.  And yes, they carry it around still like a briefcase...

Some notes on this set.  First, given the price, don't expect super high quality supplies.  They are good quality in my opinion, but this set is meant to be a low price, many piece set.  Second, the case is a little flimsy.  But again, see point one.  Third, be careful when closing the case.  If the latches aren't closed properly, you may have 131 art supplies on the floor...

Overall, I love this product (or, rather, my kids love this product).  I love the price.  I will purchase this again when this kit is used up."
my kids take more time painting  and enjoy  making together.!!!!!
Great set
Bought this for my neice who is an aspiring artist!  She loves the selection of different materials as well as the case!
My granddaughter loves it.
great
My daughter loves this set! Highly recommend
"Bought for a white elephant gift.

Great price and nice case"
Got here fast beautiful kit!!
My neice liked it a lot! Very educational and helpful for their schooling! A good deal!
Daughter pick this out for her 10 yo friends. Both loved it. One giving and one receiving it.
good
Got 3 of these for my kids and they loved them. Great quality.
gifts for all my great grandchildren
"it is very good, I like."
"Cheap stuff, half of markers are dry, glue stinky smell like throw up"
For this price don't expect artist quality. It is a great set for beginners to experiment with and have fun. If you see that the interest is there you probably wouldn't mind restocking the nice wooden box with better quality art supplies.
My sister was an artist and I gave this Darice art set to her a few months before she died.  I am so thankful that I gave this to her because she absolutely loved it!
I ordered this before Christmas and it is now March with no art set in hand.
It's awesome
niece loved them!
i love my art supplies...
I got this for my granddaughter who loves to make art.  She loved all the colors and her artwork is so beautiful.
"Really nice art kit, only missing the paper.  I bought this for a girl as a Secret Santa gift. I am sure she will have hours of fun creating beautiful art.
The box is of good quality with lots of choices."
My Daughter Loves it
"I got this for my 6 year old niece who has been showing a lot of interests in drawing, coloring etc. And she loves it. The carrying case is very convenient to keep the art supplies in order."
"Great product, fast shipping"
"Kids love it, but ya a bit pricy for what it offers"
"Awful quality. None of the markers worked, scissors broke on the first use. I got three, for my son and nephews and everyone reported poor quality. I would rate it 0, if possible!"
Having fun with this product. Good starter set.
My son loved it.
My grandson loves to do crafts and was the perfect gift for him!
Good product and good value. Artistt in the making.
"I bought this for a friend's son, who was very excited by the number of mediums and colors provided, as was I.  What's more, the blow-molded case allows the materials to be easily accounted for (you know when something has fallen and rolled under the couch), plus it allow for clean and neat storage - a must for all parents' sanity!"
We got it for present and it was absolute hit!!!  Any little artist MUST HAVE!  Not to mention that it's amazing to have a case for all that stuff to store it!  Thank you!
Most of the markers were dried out and unusable.
The kit was good except for the markers. They were dried out upon arrival which was a disappointment because this was the reason I replaced the one I previously had.
Very complete with different materials. Appropriate for younger children. Great carrying case
My grand daughter loved it! Exactly what I was looking for and the different types of  styles to paint color or coal drawing! Wooding box PERFECT
"Pencils, pastels are very dry"
"Thank you, I received a very quickly and very happy on this product"
"Got this for my nephew and he loved it, There was so much to choose from."
Great gifts
Average quality! Ok for someone that doesn't expect too much
"I got this as a present for my 11 yr old sister she seemed to enjoy it and for the price it is a good deal. Don't expect prisma or other top quality materials, for the price you get more than what was paid."
Great colors. My son loves it. Everything is organized.
Nice price nice stuff and beautiful wood box.
"Bought several as Christmas gifts, the kids seemed to like them"
This is a nice beginner set. The Box however is pretty chintzy and not well made. A decent product for the price
My granddaughter loved it.  She is ten years old and enjoys sll sorts of arts and crsfts.
Good value!
Nice gift for an older child!  Good value for price!!!
Gift for brother
Great
Poor quality wouldn't recommend
It was a Christmas gift & was immediately loved!
my daughter loves it very nice set
A bought this for an 8yo gilr and she loves it
I bought this for my niece & nephew and they absolutely loved it ! I think its been a few months and they are obsessed with the variety of the colors. Ill be buying this again as gifts.
Great addition to get back into drawing.  Simple and easy to start with.
The kid I watch every Sunday loved it
Great party favors!!!!
Both children this was given too started exploring immediately.  One was expected to be excited but the other loved his too.
I had ordered this around Christmas and all the crayons had melted over everything. This was a gift for a family member. Thank goodness I opened it up before giving it to them or it would have been very embarrassing. Not at all happy.
"The art supplies we're good,  however the wooden carry case it came in was splintered and the top plywood is coming off."
Lots of use
I ordered this art set for my daughter.  The case is horrible! The wood is peeling off and she has gotten slivers from the case.  Do not buy!
My seven year old is in heaven! She absolutely loves it and I was impressed as well. The carrying box is holding up well and the colors are vibrant and wonderful. I will definitely be buying more in the future!
Nice set for my grand daughter.  Cheap box. Clasp fell apart on first opening
crayons are low quality hard to see
very good for kids my 6 year old love it
Loved it
My friend's kids loved this colouring art set!
Nice set for a child.
This is a great starter kit for a creative kid that loves art and wants to do more art projects!
I bought this set for a seven year old child for a Christmas gift and she loves it. Her Mom sits with her and they do arts and crafts together. Nicely arranged and good quality.
Great variety
xmas gift
granddaughter loved this
bought for my grandson he likes  using the colored pencils
"My 5 yr old daughter loves this set as she is an avid fan of coloring all the time.
Great set, great set for the price!"
Excelente
One of the best Art set I bought it so fat. Very good gift for kids.
Nice set for beginner artist
"Perfect for little kids, really good for school"
Got this as a gift for my friend's daughter who loves to draw.  she was thrilled because it had so many different colors and markers
Our twin grand-daughters loved the set and started using it that day. There was no dislike. Thank you
Great buy for a young artist
My 6 year olds were very impressed!
It was a gift.
It is what you expect for cheap arts supplies. kids are thrilled
This is an awesome set!  I bought this for my Great niece and saw the pure delight she expressed when she started using it.  I am tempted to get one for myself with some adult coloring books!  It really is a gorgeous set of artistic tools.  All The other sets which I compared to it did not have as many choices of each tool.  It is also nicely packaged and exceptionally well priced.
Our granddaughter loves this.
Better for a child than a serious artist. Excellent value
This was a Christmas gift... well recieved
It was as described
Good
I am giving this only 3 stars because half of the markers were dried out when my niece opened it up. Disappointing since markers are her favorite to color with.
"i loved it a lot, but i didn't like these pastel oil because is like a crayon"
the set was great and it got here before Christmas!  My granddaughter loved it!
Nice set for the price.
My daughter loves hers! She is always begging to color and paint.
nice
Good entry level art box! Son loves it.
great set
Beautiful set!
My niece loved it
I got this for my 5 y/o granddaughter for Christmas. She adores it. There is a lot of different mediums for her to use. Very pleased with it. Don't expect handle to last though - it's already broken.
Very nice set for price
Gift
This was the hit of my grandsons Christmas gifts...he loves all the mediums in this kit and feels like he can draw anythimg...it was all we expected..
Was not complete. Disappointed at Christmas.
"I bought 2 of these, one for each of my grandsons. They absolutely love them!!! Perfect for my budding Young artists."
Granddaughter loves it
Adorable gift!
This was a gift and the person we gave it to tells us that it is just what they wanted and it is very good.
An awesome gift for and young child who can utilize all the items and practice using these manipulatives.
"A little late to say, but it arrived early, and my nieces love it~! Great product. Thank you."
Ok product for the price. Works as expected.
Perfect!
great
My niece loved this set!!!
Kids love this case
"Good price, just right for the younger children."
Very good
"Terrible quality. I got this kit for my 5 year old for Christmas a year ago. And it's been frustrating for her to use them. Drawing with the crayons is like trying to draw with a candle. The scissors fall apart every time we try to pull them out. There's no way they're going to cut anything. The ""pastels"" aren't really any different from the crayons. The paints are always falling out. Everything is just super cheap quality. Buy it for the plastic case if you want to, but replace all the art supplies with Crayola and you'll have a much better kit."
"Very well done Art Set, everything you need to have days of fun"
Everyone was satisfied
High quality box design and good numerous coloring options.
"paint brush fell out of its slot but that isn't no big deal, lots of things my son can draw and color with in anyway he wants..."
"For the price, It is ok."
Perfect set for anyone who loves relaxing and coloring......good variety and got for a great price.
"The colored pencils ""lead"" is broken throughout entire stubby length of pencil. Sharpening multiple times down to nubs for first use."
My daughter loves it.
Made cheap received with the water color paint falling out already.
"I purchased this set for my son as a Christmas gift, it isn't his first art set he's had but it was his first with pastels. He was so excited to open it but quickly found out that the pastels were hard and unusable. The markers were completely dried out and unusable. About the only thing in the set of any worth were the colored pencils. I am so disappointed in this product."
Fantastic concept. works great and easy Great product...
Cheap quality. Don't waste your money.
"The grandson loved it. This is his little portable set. We also procured a large set with easel for the game room. He is happy, plus it can be shared when needed."
This is the classic art set I loved as a child! Now my son loves it!
A good art colors
Great Product
Excellent
Great for the price!
Great intermediate set
My grandson loved the art kit.  Easy to store and many options for art projects.
"This is a Christmas gift for someone else, but it looks to be a quality set."
A little cheap. But good for a 5 year old
Amazing
terrible terrible terrible. All the markers were dried!
Nice assortment of colors
Christmas gift. Will be enjoyed by an artistic child but I'm sure adults would love this kit  too.
Cheaply made
"Nice kit, bought for Angel Tree, has all the bells and whistles for a great price"
My niece loved it.
Not as fancy as I thought. Itll work for my 7 year old. Wouldnt buy to annoy one other than a child
Very good product.  My daughter  loved it.
This made a great gift! Good quality
My kids 8 and 10 love this sets
Arrived on time. Good quality!
"A huge hit with the 9 year old gift recipient. He was excited to get his own set of art tools. We were excited to see that not only are there markers and crayons, but pastels as well. A great gift at a reasonable price."
"Great set for kids! My daughter loves using it, I love that there is a place for everything in it! So many different options too!!"
My daughter loves this. She is 11.
Value for money
"Got these for a Christmas present for my kids. Not sure if they like them yet or not, but I opened one and they were a great value for the price."
This is an excellent product!
"My dad, a retired commercial artist, simply loves it!"
So happy with this art set.perfect for my 6 year old aspiring aryist2
Perfect for my granddaughter!
These things never change! They look the exact same as when I was a kid!!! I got this for my kids for Christmas and I'm sure they will love it!
"Great product, perfect for a Christmas present!"
Received this quickly! Looking forward to her opening it for her birthday!
Good
christmas present
good
great
nice
"Water pen all no water.cant draw,too draw"
Niece love it 
beautiful quality
Nice product. Label on case was cemented on. We cannot remove so that box looks nice.
"Box arrived all banged up. The art supplies are bad quality but I was expecting this. I honestly just wanted it for the case, and I cant even use it for that because of all the gauges in the wood. And it wasn't the packaging for sure- it was made this way and shipped. So don't get it if its important to you that the wood not have chips and gauges and look used to be honest. Disappointed for sure"
Grandson loves this
This was perfect for my daughter. She absolutely loved it. Case is convenient since we arevalways on the go.
perfect gift!
The low rating us because of the long delay in delivery ! This was a gift for my grandchild who was having her tonsils removed and it took one week longer than we had been told for it to reach her ! I feel sure she will love it but needed it last week !
"I bought 19 sets of these for return gifts for my 5 year olds bday party. I happened to open one pack to see how everything in the pack was, I found that none of the markers were working (when i say none, I actually mean none)."
"bad quality, returned it."
My kid was very happy it is perfect
Its beatifically packaged.  Purchased as a Christmas present for the Giving Tree at Church.  The child who gets it will be very pleased.
Product is better than I expected.  Great service and fast delivery.  Thanks so much!
Great
Great
As promised.
For the price this is a great art set! Purchased for my 4 year old. The packaging is not as nice as more expensive art sets but that is to be expected with the price. Still happy with the purchase
"Very cheaply made low quality set. Got it for my 6yr old and I guess I should have known that you really do get what you pay for but in this case I believe I overpaid. I thought the case would be nice if I just tossed the terrible cheap oil pastels (really just crayons) and the rest of the junk, but just like the rest, the case is fairly cheaply made and to top it off - they slapped the big picture of the set on one of the sides - it is glued down in the middle, making the case terrible weather you move the sticker or leave it on. Returning it."
Everything dried out in less than a month
"OMG, my father bought me this like 20 years ago , Im almost crying lol"
Amazing value
"A bargain art set for a friend's kid. It is cheap, cheap in cost and lacking in quality but I bought it for a kid who loses and breaks stuff quite frequently. Having said that any younger kid would be happy to receive this. Everything works as expected and it looks nice in the case, just not top notch ya know?"
Loads  of  different  art  mediums.  Larger  than I expected  perfect  for  your  budding  artists
Has a good variety and quality
Looks great my niece's will love them for the holidays
OK
"My 12 year old grand daughter is a budding artist and this set was so perfect, her 8 year old sister wants one now too!"
my daughter loves this set
Great Art set - wonderful for kids of all ages.
Satisfied
nice travel set
My daughter loves it
nice art set  fast delivery
Very happy kids!
"There is nothing ""Deluxe"" about this art set.  While there is nothing inaccurate about the description of the contents ""80-piece deluxe art set including art supplies for drawing, painting and more, Includes color pencils, oil pastels, watercolor cakes, paintbrushes, pencils, and accessories, Provides an artist with a wide range of materials in a compact, portable case""  what is misrepresented is the actual contents and poor quality of the products. The so-called ""pastels"", are really cheap wax crayons with a different paper wrapping. The paint brushes are so cheap in quality that you cannot really use them, the hairs fall off and ruin your water colors. The ""Deluxe"" art set is actually comparable to the dollar store quality, think ""disposable"", ""throw away quality"".  I would be embarrassed to actually give this grouping of junk as a gift to anyone."
great xmas gift
Very disappointed with this purchase! All of the markers in the set were dry and barely wrote at all. The crayons aren't much better either.
"Colors are not great quality at all, colors are super dull"
Really helps. My daughter and son love it so much. Such a lifesaver
The product arrived on the estimated delivery date. I'm giving it as a gift and am sure the recipient will love it!
gift
Kids love it!
"Purchased for a Christmas gift for grand child, it looks great, I'm sure it will be enjoyed and abused."
Super nice gift
very nice for the price
"Great set, all the kids loved it. I bought it particularly for the ages 5 and up. They seem to have been having loads of fun."
Markers completely dried out don't work at all. WHERE IS MY REFUND!!!!
I love the variety of stuff in this are set it is great not only for the starter set but even or someone like me who likes to sketch and do art as a pastime
I bought this for my grand kids and they are very pleased with it.  It was definitely worth buying.
Will be a great x-mas gift for my Granddaughter.
There may be too many options as the kids use the same colors repeatedly.
Nice
"Got this for my sister for Christmas, all the markers were dried out. Waste of money"
I ordered this as a gift for granddaughter and she loves to draw with it.
markers ran out too quick
Very good service and product
"Eyes popping on my grand daughter, big smiles!"
Daughter loves it didn't last long
My Heart is 9 years Old and She Loves it.
I liked them.
"Excellent gift.  I bought this for my niece, the budding artist, and she loves it."
Good price.
My daughter loves it so much. She can't stop drawing.
my daughter loved it
excellent
not at all good quality. I would like to spend some more money for a useful and quality set.
"Hey sports fans.  This item was purchased as a birthday gift, for a young artist I know.  She seemed very happy to receive it.  Have a great day."
"gave as gift,"
My niece will love this gift. Great gift idea!
My son loved it. He uses it every day. Very complete and of very good quality.
She Loved everything!!
"Great gift for grand daughter, great service"
as advertised
"My daugher loves it, 4 stars because the scissors useless, it does not cut even paper."
Opened it and almost half of the pieces were missing!!!
very nice
"goods were as described, very happy with my purchase,, great"
"I got this as gift, so ibgave it an honest shot. But like many ""art kits"" geared for children.... The materials were poor quality.
This is an okay set for kids to find what medium interests them, but I would not suggest this kit for anyone already into art, as they will most likely be disappointed."
Niece loved it. Was a birthday present for a very creative 13 y.o. girl. Good price. Good product for children to occupy time.
Think I paid too much.
"I bought this as a gift for a 6YO and she loved it.  Great variety of markers, crayons, pastels, and paints.  I find that kids always need their art supplies replaced, so this is a great kit."
I don't know how to pass my regret about this product!!! This is really cheap and poor quality product! I would like to put only zero for this but unfortunately it doesn't have this option. Strongly recommend to everyone. Please don't order this product!  Don't do unhappy your children!!!
A lot of the stuff was old and couldn't be used.
Crappy wooden box is a splinter fest:/ Colors are fine... but the box is very bad for kids.
Product was exactly as expected and delivered on time
Great gift
Great deal! Such good quality. My kids were so excited to receive this gift.
DON'T BUY. Waster of money.
Markers are dried out! 
Bought for a teenager and she loves it !
Great price.  Fast delivery.
Good item
Looks very cheap. Not worth the money.
"My sister's eyes lit up when she opened it, great gift."
Thanks!!
fairly good bargain
"It's a steal with this price. They even made it cheaper, I remember that I bought this a few years ago for $22. It was a nice gift for my niece who's trying to cultivate her skills in painting."
My 9 year old niece loves this! best deal!
Just what I needed for a good price.
My granddaugter loved it.
"The markers were dried up and had no ink left in them. I tested them all out and 16 of the 24 markers worked..also, the black marker was a light brown."
What a great art set!
Kids loved it!
"My grandson loves this set. He is able to carry it with him to restaurant , etc. It was so affordable that I purchased two."
No your prized fine arts tools. But was a child's gift along with a easel. Nice full compliment of art tools.
Nice set
"We have bought this set before, with no issues, but this time, most of the markers were completely dry. Make sure you test them when the set arrives."
It is good. My kid is excited.
My daughter got for her birthday and loves it!
great for school supplies
Good value pack for starters. Variety of colors to choose from. You have to press hard with some of the color pencils to get the color.
Granddaughter loved it. Bought her another one.
son was happy
Lots of great colors for the artist!
"honestly, its cheap. I should have known. colored pencils are crap, don't put out much color, constantly breaking.. Pastels are also cheap crap, haven't used paint yet but everything else in the pack breaks, doesn't put out color and is a waste of money. Thought darcie put out quality, i was wrong. Next time i am spending more money on a quality kit."
It was a gift
Gift for niece. Big art set
Son is happy with his new case!!
The art materials in this kit are fine but nothing special. Good for travel so you don't have to worry about loosing art supplies.
"The grandkids loved this. Good quality, arrived as scheduled."
FUN!!!!
great
Arrived on time and intact. I bought this for my creative Grandmother and she liked it. The case was cheap and peeled easily though.
Good gift material
"Are son is very disappointed, all of the markers were dried out, none of them worked."
Poorly made case but my kiddo doesn't seem to mind.
Really nice art set.
"I gor this for my 9 year old artist.  Its a really good item for the price. Great bang for your buck,  for a young curious artist. However, It did arrived cracked on the bottom of the case."
nice item quick shipping. Thanks
horrible product/  all dried up or very low quality
niece loves it
"I bought this for my girlfriend when she deciced her new passion was for art. She loved it. However when she was taking off the packaged, there was a giant sticker on the face of the case, if you tried to take it off, it would make a huge mess and leave the case looking terrible."
Birthday present for our daughter's 8th birthday.  She loves to draw and color.  Great gift.
The BEST!!!
Awesome
Love this set as a gift! Whenever I gift this to anyone..I get a personal thank u later!
Perfect for a little artist.
My daughter wants to be an artist so this was great for her and she loved the carrying case!
"My son is a budding artist, so I wanted to get him an art set to play with. This piece comes with a whopping 120 pieces. He loves it!!!!"
"This set is okay. I'm 10 years old now and I got this for my 10th birthday. It is only okay because some of the watercolors fall out, the colored pencils don't work too well, and a few other minor problems. Some things in this set are actually really okay though. Like the markers. They are not the BEST, but okay for drawing little things and such. I recommend buying this for only people who are beginners, and NOT people who are like, pro artists..."
GREAT SET FOR A LITTLE ARTIST
Disappointed with contents returned item easy to return
Used as a gift for our Church Christmas Basket a young teen
good for kids
Perfect for a young artist
"So much fun, we love it"
"The markers bleed through the paper and the crayons are terrible, very waxy and doesn't blend well, and I haven't tried the other products from this case. I'm glad it was inexpensive because I will never buy it again, very disappointed."
"Nice set for beginners. Small, but useful and liked."
"Markers, scissors and staplers are poor quality but the rest of the set is great"
As described in the description. Very satisfied.
Fun for kids or maybe for beginners.
Got it as a gift for a friend. Very affordable and she loved it!!
Excellent quality and price!
Most of the color markers in the box are not working.
"Cheap case, latch broke in the first 5 minutes my 7 yo had it. She bought this with her birthday money and was SO CRUSHED that it broke so quickly. AND she doesn't know the diffence thank goodness but the pastels are actually cheap crayons..."
Birthday girl loved her gift and the fact that it has so many colors to choose from makes it a great coloring gift. Thank you so much!!
"This art set is helping my daughter hone her artistic skills. She really likes all the color choices, and is becoming more and more creative with them."
"Very good price
I ordered a dozen of them as gifts for the students! Arrived very fast "
Bought this for my artistic daughter on her 6th Birthday and she loves it!
Bought this for my grand daughter two years ago. She uses it every week. A great gift for any child that shows any interest/artistic talent in drawing or painting.
Good product
As an adult who likes coloring but is too bad at it to pay a lot of money for the really good stuff this was a godsend. My coloring books are incredibly dynamic now but they are essentially kindergarten level products. You won't get much fancy blending out of these
Got it for my daughter and she uses it for all of her projects
Bought it as a gift for young child who enjoys art.  Markers and paint are cheap but so is the price.
Love it
best birthday present for my 8 years old artsy niece
My granddaughter loves it
"I bought this for my 6yr old niece, when I spoke to her on the phone she said she loved it and used everything that worked, I asked her what she meant by that and she explained that some markers were dry and other items arrived broken. Disappointed by this."
It looks just like picture really nice. In fact it's so nice I'm waiting till my granddaughter gets a little older.
"I got this for my daughter as a gift.  She really likes all of the different options to play and color with.  The case is great and sturdy, keeps all the pieces together and organized."
great gift at a bargain price
My little artist loves this kit and wants to take it everywhere with her.  I love that it keeps everything in one place and not scattered all around the house.
"My grandson loved it, the kit is definitely more great than the picture shows"
just as expected
wow
"Good set for starter in art work.  Later if more serious, I would invest in more expensive brand.  Was a gift for my niece and needed to know if she would actually use the supplies of let them sit in the drawer.  She is enjoying them, and time will tell whether she is drawn to art and goes to higher level with it. Lots to choose from and very fun to her....she loved it."
"bought as a gift and they loves it, has a little bit of everything for the budding artist"
Great quality and variety!
"Omg, i love this product. I used this for about 10 days now and it is so good i might tell all my friends and family to get one to use. If they need it. Wow the packaging and delivery were just awesome. I don't know how to rate this product because there is no 6 out of 5. But i definitely rate it 5 out of 5."
Gift for my grandaughter
Purchased as a gift. Recipient was very happy. Works great.
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for a little boy. He loved it. As advertised. Good for use even by teenagers.
product as described
"Terrible art set. The pieces were thrown all over the box and broken up. I just threw it out it was so bad. Broken crayons, markers, etc."
it was already broken and I had to pay for it + shipping
"I bought this, more than once, for stellar students! They loved it!"
Great art collection of supplies
"Xmas gift, was very liked"
Great Product
For my grandson when he comes over.  Nice little set and the price was great.
GREAT DEAL
"The children love it.  The grade on this is not exactly fine arts, but it is much better than the cheap junk you find in your store.  I would call this mid-grade, for basic arts.  Which is more than enough for my two nieces and even enough for myself to draft raw ideas.

The wood box is a big plus.  Really does a fine job of keeping things secure as it does have a latch to close it, plus it holds up as opposed to the many plastic alternatives that are out there.  Even after using the supplied, the case was still good enough to reuse."
It ok
"Awesome set, love it."
Pencils were in bad shape when we got it. They were broken in the inside. To bad because my son was super excited when he got it.
great
"My sister is an artist, so I got this for her for Christmas. She loves it and asked for another one this year. Great product!"
the girls enjoy this pretty much!!
"Bought this for my niece for Christmas and she loves it. She's really talented, and she uses this every day according to her mom. Would recommend to anyone if they're looking for a thoughtful gift to give to a friend or family member or even something for themselves."
Grand kids loved it!
it was for my 7 year old grandson..he loves it!
Excellent gift.
My niece loves this
"My son absolutely loved it. I like the case, although I would like it better if the edges were rounded. It arrived right on time and he couldn't have been happier."
VERY SATISFIED
Great product - love the carrying case!  Kids love it.
As advertised.
Good deal.
very good item
As described
We really liked it but the paint all quickly fell out and broke and the markers didn't last long. Still fairly happy for the price I bought it at.
great present for children who love to draw and color and paint
Bought as a gift.
love it
Works fine for what they are. Good size markers for my daughter but some have already dried out after a couple of uses. Crayons weren't super sturdy and broke easily.
Gift well liked by all
"It is a birthday gift for my granddaughter.... coming up soon so it hasn't been used yet, but
it was an great value and it looks great....  I know she's going to love it!"
Love the wooden box! Great for the price.
Quality product
This is a great gift for the young or beginner artist. I bought it for my granson and he loves it!
kids loved as a xmas gift
I like it
My son love his new color set
Granddaughter loves this. Great deal for the price.
Its cheaply made and the box immediately  & only giving it 2 stars because my 8 yr old daughter likes it.
granddaughter loved it
Has everything an artist could want.
very good
"We got this for Secret Santa at my kid's school. It fit within the money parameters. It was, of course, the only decent gift in the class. The child who got it was thrilled and he says he uses it all the time. It comes in a nice case and has a perfect assortment of different tools. Great for a starter kit. Very nice affordable gift for an interested student. Very happy with it and I would buy again."
Bought this for my granddaughter. She loves it.
Our  6 year old grandson went nuts over this.  Keeps him busy and happy.  A very nice set for the price.
GREAT GIFT
Cheap set scissors broke first day
very good
Good
My nieces just loved this and has enjoyed it
Perfect for my 6 year old!  She loves it.
Love it
My Granddaughter loved it!
great
it was a gift for a handicapped person who loves to draw
Complete junk. Do not buy!
I cannot express how much I LOVE this art set.  It was exactly what I had been looking for.  Purchased for my daughter who has been asking for a good art set for quite some time.  I jumped on this when I saw it and at such a great price.  It was a huge hit with her and she takes it with her everywhere.
Very nice set for my 6 year old.
"This set is just horrible. The snap broke when I first opened it and some of the crayons came broken. The pencils barely leave any color and the watercolors are so pale you can barely see color once dry on paper. The ""oil pastels"" are not really oil pastels. Not even worth the $6 I paid on a lightning deal! Steer clear and spend a little extra for a better set."
My daughter purchased this as a gift.  The recipient loved them.  Great value too.
My daughter loves it
Nice
My daughter loved this item. No complaints.
"My biggest complaint is the sticker on the front of the case. It didn't peel off cleanly and now i have papery sticker residue on the pretty wood box. The art supplies inside are of decent quality, and I've enjoyed using them so far. The led in some of the colored pencils is off center, which makes them hard to sharpen, and the brushes feel fairly cheap, but the paints and the pastels are nice. Good art set for kids or beginning artists, but wouldn't recommend to anyone who's been drawing and painting for a long time."
Some of the markers didn't work but my son was happy anyways.
Nice for beginner artist.
Very nice for my son in law
Nice set
"This made a wonderful gift for a friend, they absolutely loved it!"
As expected
very good
Our three small grandsons really liked it and used it for some time.  Nice set for the price.
great kit
Grandchildren are very happy with product.
A Christmas gift for my ten year old granddaughter. It was a big hit and we enjoy removing all of the artwork off the walls.
"Purchased this set for an 8 year old as a grab bag gift.  It is well made, and includes almost everything a young artist would need to create works of art."
gift!
Good value.
Great gift for anyone regardless of age
Daughter loves it
Good for the grandkids
"I gave one to my cousin, and he was so excited.  The case is a bit flimsy and was damaged in shipping, but the contents is superb."
great service & product
Bought this as a gift and the young artist love's it!
Bought this as a Christmas present. My niece really loved it!
Bought as a gift.  They so enjoyed it!!  Everyone needs some time to explore their artistic side!!
The color pencils are not good. Everything else is great.
Super cheap. The paint never stays in the case and the markers dry out very quickly.
Perfect for my 8 yo nieces!
gift
Bought this set for an eight years old girl and she loved it.
fast shipping....great product!!
Nice variety for younger kids
very nice. everything to get you started!
grand daughter loved it
The five year old boy I got this for loves it!
Just as described
Gift and the girls loved it.  High quality. Highly recommend/
Perfect gift
My budding artist spent the entire Christmas Day with her new art set!  That plus a new easel was all she needed for hours of pleasure and creativity.
Niece loved it!
My girls loved this gift!!
Love it and Thank you as it is a great value
grandkids love them
Great child's gift as planned.
Nice set for kids purchased for an amazing price. Its been very well used for about a year now and it is still holding up nicely.
Bought as a Christmas gift for a little girl who likes art. I think she'll get a lot of use out of it.
Art set is excellent.  Quality product with wide variety of color.
"my artsy fartsy kids of the bunch were sad to hear that these were all sold-out. better suited for older kids, grades 4-5."
"Great purchase, good price, good quality"
This is an amazing art kit especially for the price. Great quality!
Nice item.
This was a gift!
It was a gift for my grandson.
Perfect present for a 12 year old! She absolutely loved it and started using it right away.
Well loved gift.
Love it! It goes perfectly with the other order. I couldn't be happier. Thank you!
"daughterinlaw,grand daughters all have talent"
1
"I reviewed a lot of these collections over christmas and this one did not have any, what I consider, unnecessary supples in it. The one thing I do not like about collections is paying for some part of it that I do not need. This collection is Awesome!!"
Very good
Purchased this for my artistic 5 yr old granddaughter and she was over the moon with it. She left all her other gifts and went into a corner with this set and her sketch pads.  Impressive set for the price and all neatly tucked away in a case she can bring with her.
love it
Gave this to my 8 year grandson for Christmas.  All I hear is how many new and great things he keeps finding in the case.  He simply loves it!  He always enjoyed drawing and this set provides him with many different art mediums.
very nice set
Love it. Planning to buy another one for a gift. 
my 6 yr old loves it.  He carries it around with him.  all crayons and colors can be contained inside.  He keeps it organized which is also a plus and teaches him.  water paint brush is flimsy.
The oil pastels weren't actually oil pastels but were more like crayons. And some of the markers came ruined (it drew as if the ink was running out).
Good for the price
Looks good. Its a gift for my grandaughter's birthday. I cannot comment on the quality because it has not yet been opened.
"Although I have not used it my granddaughter is very happy with it. She enjoys the variety of colors and the options of  markers, pencils and paints"
"The reviews that give this set a poor rating are on point. I was suspicious of the set before buying it because of the low price, but hey, the overall rating with thousands of reviews was good... Well my suspicions were correct. Terrible quality. The markers were mostly dried out. The ""oil pastels"" are just crayons. Pencils are poorly pigmented (cheap pencils from the grocery store are better). Paints suck. I would much rather pay five times as much for something that wasn't disappointing to use."
Good
Beautifully packaged. Great set up. Quality product.
Great for the price
"The pastels are awful, but I don't know why I expected better I thought they were going to be oil paints, they are not.. but with that aside, the oil pastels really do suck. The kneaded eraser is not very good. The colored pencils are very washed out on certain paper and barely show up. Haven't tried the water colors yet, but I will update. The case is very different than pictured, and the sand papers or something falls out when opening, something always falls out. You basically pay $15 for crappy colored pencils and a pencil sharpener."
Excelente
Daughter Loves It!
A ok
My granddaughter liked it.
Excellent combination in a great box.
Nice set. Bought them for my granddaughter. She loves them!
Christmas gift
Gave to a little girl whose mom works at the VA nursing home my uncle is in.
Great price. All the colors seem to be decent quality. Perfect for a 7 year old. All the pieces go back into there spots perfectly.
It was a gift for my artistic grandson and he loves it!
Granddaughter loves the set.
"Got this as a gift for a 4 year old, and she absolutely loves it."
Great gift.
"It's kinda of one of those deals that you get what you paid for. The oil paints were dried up, so they were no good. The colored pencils were great. The  drawing pencils aren't as good the lead breaks no matter how I sharpen it so I think it must be broke all the way through the pencil."
eXCELLENT.
I got this for my 8 yr old granddaughter for Christmas. This was her favorite gift. She LOVES the wide variety of tools. I think it makes her feel like a real artist!
Granddaughter loved it'
"Good for children,,,  I found a better quality pencil elsewhere for myself"
"the quality of the product is very poor for example the color pencils, it is very light where you can barely see the color in a white paper. In addition it break easily. So i strongly recommend if people is trying to buy art supplies do not buy this thing"
Cheap waxy crayons
Bought three for Great Grand kids. They love to draw and this helps keep their pencils and materials together! Please with the kits
Everything seems okay except the oil pastels -  they don't blend - they work like crayons.
"Gave this to my cousin for christmas. Shes seven and loves art. Her mom gave me one of these when I was little, and now I work professionally as an artist. Good stuff."
very nice set
"Bought this as a Christmas gift for my best friend's very creative young daughter. I'll admit, I was nervous since I wasn't sure of the quality of the colors, nor the durability of the supplies overall, and this is a kid who takes art seriously! The reaction to unwrapping the set was great, she marveled over the spectrum of colors and each medium the kit included for about 20 seconds, then promptly put the pencils to work on her latest craft. It's now weeks later and I'm happy to report that she has been using it nonstop (wasn't joking about the taking art seriously part) and has zero complaints about any of the items. Would definitely recommend this, great value and great gift!"
bought as a christmas gift for a young artist and its being put to use frequently - I think that warrants 5 stars
As expected nice for the price.
Great variety of colors.
Some of the markers were dry already.
Bought it for my 5 year old nephew. he loves it. It has everything. Good quality.
Perfect gift
Made a little girl very happy.
It was as I expected. Very pleased.
Given as part of a gift for my grand daughters.
Got this for a gift for my boss's daughter. Lots of assorted things to use to draw. She loves it. Arrived on time.
"One of the best buys to gift kids. The wooden box is very nice and looks sturdy n professional. The plastic casing is not up to the standards.
Colors are nice but it will be good if the improve the quality of plastic container."
Gift for grandson.  He was happy to receive.
My 8 year old granddaughter loved it
My grand daughter love it.
Very nice set. Perfect for 11 year old grandson.
It was a gift. They love it.
gave this as a gift for Christmas.  All the markers were dried up.
Not the best quality materiel as expected but my cousin loved everything in it and it's perfect for on the go.
"I haven't used these on my tables yet but they are of good quality, stretchy and durable. I recommend spending a little extra on this fabric type versus the plastic that rips after an hour of use."
"Gift for an 8 year old, product was as expected...and put to good use during the snow days"
Daughter was thrilled with this!
all good
"My artistic daughter liked gift, especially liked selection and wood box."
great kit.
Wonderful set for 6 year old!!!!!!
gift
This too was a Christmas present.  She likes it also.
grandchild loves it
"I gave this as a gift to a friend's 7 year old daughter and apparently she loved it. Haven't heard a complaint and I know she uses it often, so I'm giving it 5 stars based on that and the price."
Quality and craftsmanship top notch
It was a gitt for my son. It was wraped really nice and professionally. If I was an artist I would want it
Toys for Tots are were these go.
As expected
Great!
"Lots of the markers don't work, waist of money."
Awesome
Granddaughter love it
"For the price, you can't go wrong. Bought 2 for my kids for christmas, they love them"
Was stolen at gift exchange on a number of occasions.  Person that ended up with it loves it.
Niece loved it
Bought this as a gift for my niece. She loved it! She loves to draw and color. She said this is the biggest art set she has had. We got a how to draw animal book and a pad of paper to draw on. She even asked her family to draw something with her. This is a great gift for someone or yourself for those who love to draw! I haven't heard how its held up but I haven't had a complaint either so I guess it still works. Some people said they were cheaply made.
Good affordable product for the kids.
"Mehhhh. The color pencils are very poor-- barely pigmented, and certainly do not correspond to the colors as indicated on the pencil label. The pastels are very waxy. The paintbrushes included are not high quality. The only reason I'm rating this more highly than a one or two is because the box is quite nice and it makes a nice impression."
Wonderful present for the budding artist in the family.
"I was great, my granddaughter was so happy, just what she wanted."
This is a great gift for all ages.  Everyone of my grandchildren - from the 21 yr old down to the 6 yr old - have used this since getting it for Christmas -
"Was a gift for my daughters friend, she loved all that was inculded"
The kids I bought this for xmas loved it
Completely Satisfied
This is much nicer than I expected.  Quality is great.
"purchased as a gift, daughter's friend loved it"
Great quality and hours and hours of fun.
Loved it!
"I bought this set for my Daughter and she loves it! If she is happy, so am I! My thumbs up!"
gift for artistic child
not a great deal really if i didn't give it to my 6 year old i would have returned it. cheap is cheap. i should buy some crayons and break them up pour them into a sho box and use that before i would personally use this set.
"Bought as a gift, great price"
"This was a gift to a child.  The child loves it, so far.  Parent says package arrived in good condition."
Is ok
Great set! I purchased for nephew and he loved it!
My daughter loves this and so do i its silly fun.
Granddaughter loved it.  Great set.  Got it half price on Black Friday!  Very sturdy box. Quality stuff!
Great product for the price
Great gift for kids! And easy to take around
Great alternative to boxes and boxes of crayons and paints and pencils and markers. Perfect for my artistic 6 yr old! Tons or colors that all work great.
"I bought these for a 9 yr old girl.  I asked her mom how she liked them and she said, ""didn't you hear her scream""  She loves them. So although I did not see them myself they certainly have child approval."
good product!
"There is nothing ""premium"" about this art set. It's a child's set of colors, ages six and up. I got duped, but some child will be happy."
Bought this as a present for a 9 yr old girl. She loved it. Would definitely buy again
It looks much better by the picture. It was OK. Items were cheap.
Nice art set with a good variety. The art set is in a sturdy wooden case. Great quality for the price.
a beautiful set at  an amazing price
Arrived on time and packaged well. It's a gift for my grandson and he will love it. Especially like the wooden case it comes in.
"Cheap looking item. I paid 15.17 $ to buy this item and in 10 days, the seller has the price marked as 8.09$ which is what this product really is worth. Other better quality items art kits available on Amazon for more uniform pricing. Save your money and don't buy this item."
"This is a Christmas Gift for my Granddaughter. She is 12, and she loved it and started drawing with is at once."
The images of this product make the box seem very large. It's actually a very small case. I have it 4 stars because of that. The actually product inside is very nice. My niece loved it.
wonderful
"This is bad.  I must say it is worth $5 though.  Don't think you are getting a deal.  The biggest blunder of the set is that it comes with crayons AND oil pastels.  BUT.. they are not oil pastels even if the paper around them say so.  They just seem to be more crayons with flat tips like oil pastels.  Very bad.  May be a good by for kids 5 and under but there is nothing Arty about it, and THAT is a fact!"
We had purchased one at Wal-Mart for another child.  It was actually a lot nicer and cheaper to boot.
it was perfect
As described
excellent as described shipped fast
For my boyfriends man cave in our home. It is AWESOME!  no leaks at all. Got a trip tray and mounted it on the wall below. Great gift
"Very nice. The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that its difficulty to close for me as an adult, much less for a child."
Really nice set I bought for my 8 year old neice.
"I ordered this for my step daughter for Christmas, she absolutely loves it. The case and all the contents are pretty decent considering the price... she was happy that it was ""wow, a real artists case!!""  ...with all things considered I would buy it again and I would recommend it for any young artist in your family too"
Nice variety of products.
Great art set.
The scissors fell apart immediately and the crayons had bubbles in them.
Great
Would have given 5 stars but the label was glued to one side and very hard to remove.
"We ordered this for my daughters Christmas. She was so disappointed when half the markers were dried out and the pastels turned out to be nothing more than the cheap crayons that came in the kit. I laughed out loud when I discovered the scissors were completely plastic!! The pencils are fair, but everything else is trash. My daughter said, ""well, the box is cute."" I can't recommend this kit for purchase, no matter how cute the wooden box is."
"bough this as a gift and she loved it. Set seems to be of decent quality.

If you found this review helpful, please click ""Yes"" below. Your vote is greatly appreciated."
good value for the money spent
Perfect for young artists. My daughter is 7 and she loves this set.
Great for a birthday present
"Very disappointed. The paintbrush was missing the bristles, and the markers were all dried out. I have a very unhappy daughter on my hands."
Granddaughter loved it.
Just what she wanted
This is the worst box i have ever seen put together. The screws were put in super fast but side ways and there were sharp splinter ends sticking from it and the outside of the box had scuff marks and then the labels on the inside were stuck on super fast. I like the art kits but everything else was poorly put together and i would not buy this kit if i knew what it may have looked like.
good for the money
My niece got this from us tonight and she was in heaven...she just loves it!!
Amazing. Value for money!
Excellent product. Would buy it again.
Just fine.
This was a gift and the recipient was delighted with the contents.
Christmas Gift!
Awesome worth every penny
Great Stuff!!
"OMG!  The kit came with a broken box, broken pencils, crooked labels, USED crayons and it's a piece of junk. I sent this to my daughter for Christmas and she is actually crying!!!  This is horrible.  I am now having to send her another brand.  DO NOT PURCHASE.  IT'S CRAP!!!  So frustrating."
"I was so excited when I ordered this for my 9 year old daughter. I planned on doing a calligraphy Initial on it. She loves to create things, the only good thing I can say about it is that it was only $15. I didn't take pictures yet, I will though. It is as they say ""You get what you paid for it "".It is made of balsa wood I think, or feels like it! I went to take the paper description off, and there was a HUGE gouged scratch underneath it and several small scratches. I was so upset, that I taped the paper on it, can't send it back, it is too close to Christmas. . So I changed my mind, and made it fpr my year old, who doesn't take care of her toys very well yet.  I would not recommend it to anyone, especially as a gift. Hands down the worst purchase ever from Amazon ( and I ave been buying for years!)."
Splendid
Bought two of these to put in a Christmas gift care package.  Luckily I opened one and tried it out markers dried out pastels are like crayons that you have to press really hard to see any thing really terrible.
My niece loved
"Its ok set for the value, but I wish I'd spent a little more to buy smaller individual sets of crayola markers, crayons, and colored pencils. The crayons and colored pencils don't transfer color well and after a year the markers are dried out."
When my kid open it he loved it and he is having a blast with it
Just what I needed for my granddaughter to accent her collection of writing utencils.  She's into the adult coloring books.
You get what you pay for. This product is very cheap feeling. I'm sure the 7-year-old I'm giving it to won't care but I would not purchase this for myself.
"The construction of this product was very disappointing. Out of the box, the tray holding everything inside needed to be hot glued.
A week later, the same thing."
"Great gift, my niece loved it."
Looks they have lot of things they can do with this
Great gift
"This did not indicate that it was a low quality art set for ages 6+ ... It is adequate for a 6 year old but not for a 16 year old budding artist, which was my intention ... the manufacturer should NOT use the word DELUXE to describe this low quality product."
great
Color kid is decent but the box is cheaply made i was expecting the box to be more solid and more durable
Looks awesome.  I can;t wait to see my Granddaughter's Face when she opens it
"My niece loves this, all the materials work great!"
This is a present for a friend who is working towards a claim to be the next Audubon.  Perfect present.
Love it
Great
"the sharpeys were not full and all were dry,,,,thinking maybe it was old stock?"
Cheap
just what I wanted
Very good
Nice set
Extremely disappointed with this item. The formula for the pastels & watercolors are worse than the ones you'll find at the dollar store & the colored pencils are alright BUT for the price I expected better. The box is super flimsy & my husband had to tighten the hinges to keep it together. It's not worth your money.
Great value and nice case to hold everything.
Was exactly what I was looking for.
Beautiful set.... Christmas gift for my young artist.... can't wait for her to use.
christmas present
Really nice
great item--thanks
Great
"These make great gifts for friends of the throne, especially in a season where tax revenue is at an all-time low."
What I expected....Love It
"I wasn't impressed with this. It is really small, not a lot of art supplies. I also searched for kids art set and this came up. My 5 year old wouldn't like just paints. That's pretty much all this is. Cheap quality too."
Perfect!
"Nice. Hubby likes it .  Quite a bit smaller than another corvette sign I bought though. I guess didn't read measurements, thinking it was same as other one."
Love this art set
Exactly as expected. My granddaughter will love it.
kids loved them
Ordered these for my mom. Got them today and was hungry so I ate them. Pretty good. Guess I'll order more.
"My daughter loves art, but most of the items in this case are such poor quality that she can't even use them.  The paints are worthless and the colored pencils don't sharpen well at all.  Pay more and get a quality brand name."
Great kit for the price.  Wonderful Christmas presents.
some pens are even dry
"Poor quality. Most of the markers are dried out, the colored pencils and pastels are dull on paper. My kids haven't even bothered with the crayons."
It is amazing though I have not used it yet. But the scissor is fragile.
good
This product may look nice on the page photos but it is extremely poor quality. Markers dry out fast and the paints and scissors and cheap. I would look for a smaller higher quality set next time. Wouldn't recommend.
Awesome little set!
"All watercolor pens are no any water it is dry out
Bad quality"
This is best used for children. But it is as advertised.
Great set for the price.
Granddaughter loved this..
Awesome
My daughters loved this as a Christmas gift
Got this as a gift for my niece and she loved it!
If you have a young budding artist this is perfect. It comes with everything they might need and doesn't hurt your pockets.
It is cheap. But you got what you paid for... most of the markers are dried. 2 stars for crayons/pencils.
"I got this for my niece. She loves art, and this has a great variety of mediums to make beautiful artwork. She was excited to receive it. She did not use it because we were not home when I gave it to her, so I do not know the quality of the mediums, but from looking it over, it looks like a great kit."
"Gift for my niece , she loves it"
This is a nice little starter set for my 10yo daughter who is really into drawing and painting.
"Badass, cheap little kit.  I'm not going to lie or exaggerate.  I'd probably give it about three stars if it was more than 11 bucks.  I've bought many art supply kits like this, and you can't really go wrong here.  The quality of the product leaves something to be desired, but for who?  This is perfect for beginners or even my eight year old to play around with when she's bored.  I'll definitely get her some legit, decent quality art supplies in the next couple years, but younger kids usually don't give a shit about the craftsmanship of crayons and colored pencils, etc.  After a few months it gets beat up and used, but for seven bucks or whatever it was you can just buy a new one.  If you want better quality you're gonna have to throw down a few more bucks.  Don't skimp on quality if art is truly your passion.  Duh.  These are also good just to have a few around in case Little Timmy's birthday snuck up on you and you need a quick fix."
Terrible quality. Difficult to color. Dried up markers stapler doesn't work scissor has to be positioned at exact angle to cut pastels hardly make a color. In general very poor quality. Should return but not worth the trouble
Bought as a gift for a teenager.  She loved it and was extremely pleased with the gift.
"This is a Christmas gift. The kit looks very nice, and I'm sure will be enjoyed."
Granddaughter loved it.
The paints are just little individual circles and they fall out/break. Almost all of the crayons broke upon first use. They are very soft. Markers and colored pencils are good. Has some fun features like mini scissors and stuff. Bought for a 5 year old and 2 year olds art time. They have taken very good care of it and we have had about two months.
good
Very much worth the price ! Niece loved it!
"Bought this for my niece.  Quality of the markers was ok.  They made a substantial mess.  However, this is a good deal for the price and has a great variety of colors for kids to play with."
"I received this with all pieces and parts together as they should be.  With the price and the amount of items in it, I was honestly expecting something to go array. It came well packaged and cared for.  My daughter LOVES drawing and coloring and this was a MASSIVE surprise for her and she LOVES it!  I would recommend this to everyone that could have fun with their kids with it, or have fun with it yourself as it is a decent quality item."
Great piece
My sister loved it.
This art set was perfect for my niece! She is a teenager who loves to create artwork!
Love this set. Good buy
what I wanted
Thanks for perfect tining on delivery. My son loves this
Nice quality
My daughter loves it
Great kit for a kid starting out
This deluxe art set is sealed. It is nice on the outside and it's a Christmas gift for someone. I'm sure they will love it!
It's ok for my 6 year old.
Niece loves it
My daugter like it very much.
I got this for my 95 years old grand mother. She was very happy with this. Coloring and painting with this iteam has become a great way for her to exercise her hands.
"Use to Artist, this set helps me get back into the work."
"Christmas gift for my niece.
This young lady is very artistic and she has had this as her first color set. I've already been asked for another one."
I like it very much!
"great art set, my son loved it"
"TERRIBLE !!!! The wooden box came broken as the picture shows.
I was going to give this as a present for my niece for her birthday and look how it came.
The crayons came with traces of rubber.
Never again."
I bought this for my grown daughter for Christmas and she loves it !!  It is a quality set.  I would recommend this product.
9 YEAR OLD LOVED THIS!  BIGGER AND BETTER THAN ANY OTHER SHE HAS RECEIVED!
Christmas gift daughter gonna love it thanks!
Great
Bought this set for my mother her coloring group loved it great price for all the items you get.
"I'm not sure what the negative reviewers were expecting for 7 bucks! I think this art kit has great bang for the buck. We've had it almost 2 years and the markers have outlasted anything by crayola, crayons/oils/pencils are great. The paints are actually pretty terrible, we mixed a little petroleum jelly in ours to create a new kind of paint! If I'd have paid $50 for this set I'd have been pretty upset, but for $7 my young kids have gotten great use!"
"affordable, but noticeably cheap"
I like the case it came in.
"Daughter loves this, nice and easy to have around."
Ok not for adults.
Get what you pay for.  No good for older (10 +) but the 3y.o. and the 6y.o. like it. Use it every time they visit.
"Was what she needed, and came pretty fast"
This has been fantastic for my daughter. We purchased it when she was 5 and she has loved it. The quality is decent and consistent with the cost of the kit. I would recommend it for sure.
Is OK
All of the markers dried out within months. Making sure the lids were on correctly didn't help either. The colored pencils barely show up on paper also.  I wouldn't recommend this brand. Cheaply made!
Kids loved it
"So disappointed about the art set, because most of the markers in the set were too dry to be used, useless. :("
They are ok.
grandson loved it!
It perfect for my granddaughter. She loves to draw.
"I bought this as a gift so I didn't get to open it, but the birthday girl loved it and everything looked nice. Only giving 4 stars because the case had a big scratch across it when I received it. It's only aesthetic  but I didn't have enough time to request a new one. Just would have preferred not to given her a damaged item."
Great art set. Purchased for my daughters around Christmas time and they absolutely loved it.
"Not the greatest quality, but a very good variety that allows one to do a lot."
Nice assortment of coloring items.
GOOD VERIETY
My daughter's boyfriend will receive this for Christmas and I am sure he will like it
Good starter set. Nice box.
My granddaughter really enjoyed this!
Great
"My nephew enjoyed this art set. However, it is very cheap and did not last long."
"Very good , my daughter love it"
Really good art set
Very good product
sent as a gift - no problems
"Art Set was well packaged both visually and securely.  It was a gift, so I have no  info regarding the quality of the supplies."
Never saw it- it was given as an anonymous Christmas gift along with other presents for a family with many different age children.
"I have purchased this art set twice. I initially bought this for my daughter's preschool graduation, now in kindergarten, she uses every item in this set for her homework. I just purchased another one for a little boy's birthday. The price is good too."
It was a gift she loved it
I bought for 3years old my daughter and she love it.
My kids are little amateur artists and love to draw on everything! This was perfect. Set it up with lots of paper in my home office at a desk and they have gone through a ton of paper! Happy kids!
This Was a Gift For Grand Daughter Its This Makes # 2 times Of Buying This Item
We've bought four of these so far.  They are great gifts and also a wonderful alternative to iPads/phones at dinner time
"We got this as a Christmas present for my youngest son and he absolutely loves it. I'm not sure why people are complaining about the quality. Yes, it's a cheap set, but for the price, it's definitely worth the money. After all these months, my son is still enjoying his set and can carry it around with him. This is a perfect set for a beginner and I'd buy it again! For the price it got the job done to keep kids entertained for few weeks. I wasn't expecting a lifelong product for this price and if you are then you need a cup of coffee to wake up. Overall, I say this is a good set. I wouldn't recommend it for an adult, I would say spend some more money and get a quality set. But for a child, this is more than fantastic. They can work right along side of you and do all the things that you can do. They can also work independently because all of this is set up so they don't need an adult to help them. We've had a lot of fun with our set and it has lasted a long time, as well, so we have definitely gotten our moneys worth out of it.

I would recommend this product."
My 11 yo daughter has been having a lot of fun with this.
Quality wise I would say that this kit was mediocre at best. Everything was cheap in the kit but the kit was cheap so we knew what we were ordering. For a 5 year old's rainy day bucket this was just fine but beyond that this is a classic example of you get what you pay for.
Bought this art set for my grandniece. She loves it!
"Beautiful set, what a deal and such fun for the recipient."
Perfect for a hobby.
jut rite
"Grand Daughter loves this, she received it for christmas"
Over priced. You can buy these items during back to school sales for half its price and get better quality.
Excellent product
Love this for the price. We still use this and have had it like 8 months. That may be a record for us. I also use it for my kid to put paper on while he paints since it is easy to wipe off afterwards.
large package of drawing case. easy to carry around for my kids to do out door or in door painting or drawings.
nice
"Great kit, a ton of stuff to use.  GREAT price!"
I bought it during Black Friday deal at a lower price. It was more than worth for the price. My son is still using it.
Cheap art supplies. Nice case
my grandaughter loves this item.
So many colors! Great for kids of all ages.
Very babyish good for six year old not older children very cheap looking don't buy
gift
My children loves drawing so much. This set made it so easy. I didn't have to buy everything separately. All my children love this. Will have to buy 2 more because they use this set all day.
A gift for my 11 yr old granddaughter. It is a very impressive set.
I purchased this a while back and hadn't use it yet. My son was still too young. I love the veriaty of colors and types of crayons. We do a bunch of crafts with this kid it has all the basic stuff you would need.
We got this art kit for my 4 yr old daughter for Christmas and she loves it!! That was 8 months ago and the case is still in decent shape even after some abuse. I don't let her use the oil crayons but everything else is perfect for her and she loves having the case so she actually takes care of the crayons!
"I Ordered This For My 11 Year Old Sister & She Loved It, The Crayons & Makers Work Really Well As Far As She's Told Me& There's A Pretty Good Variety Of Supplies That This Kit Has That Are Convenient To Her Drawing Needs."
"Got this for my daughter & her boyfriend, they love it. Great quality"
This set was terrible. Several of the markers were dried up. I had to return it.
MY BROTHER AND HIS WIFE WERE SUPRISED AT THE QUALITY OF THIS PARTICULAR GIFT.  TONIGHT I'VE DECIDED TO BUY TWO MORE BECAUSE THEY'RE STILL AVAILABLE AND THE FACT THAT I BOUGHT THE FIRST ONE AS A GIFT FOR A RELATIVE AND NOT MY OWN CHILDREN.
Nieces loved it!
good variety and all products included worked well.
Children may like it.
One of the best valued art sets that I've ever purchased for my budding artist children.
"Not the greatest quality, would stick with more well known brands so kids aren't disappointed"
"Overall it was good, however, after many months used for color painting and now I am trying to start with oil pastels, but I am so disappointed that the oil pastels in this gift set is not really oil pastels. It just like  crayons."
great for a gift for the beginning artist.
For granddaughter
"My 6 year old grandson loved it when he opened it for his birthday, but I have not idea of anything further."
great
My daughter is absolutely happy. Thank you for such a great product at a low cost.
Not very good quality. Received shipment quickly.
"Grandaughter, age 5, enjoys the set"
I got this for my daughter for her 7th birthday. She loves it. Doesn't make a big mess and has a very nice quality case
Super! Just like the picture.
"This set looked so neat in the photos, and the organization is pretty good but the colored pencils are awful. They are waxy, don't put down a nice color and don't allow any layering. Forget blending, it's not going to happen. Admittedly I haven't used anything else in the set, but I was so disappointed by the colored pencils which are my preferred medium that I didn't bother with the rest. I couldn't in good conscience consider this for kids because I believe it could discourage budding artists."
Gift for my young niece. She loves it.
Perfect for beginners.
my little girl loved this set
"My granddaughter loves to draw and paint and she LOVES this set.  She has lots of other drawing and crafting supplies, but this one is her favorite!"
"OO so cool.
this Art set is so cool and got everything you need for painting. it comes in a lovely wooden case and it so easy to use and carry it around. the package arrived in less then the 7 days I was expecting it and it was great. very easy to open and was undamaged in the shipping.
Thank you"
my daughter likes it very much.
"Gave this away as a christmas gift and my  nieces loved it! The kit had a good quality paint for them, and they were excited at how many colors to choose from!"
"Won't last forever, but these things never do."
Grandson likes set.
Got this for my 5 year old daughter how loves to draw and she carries it everywhere with her. She loves it!
gave as gift.... and my granddaughter carries it whenever they are visiting family and to show friends....
I got this as a gift for my niece and she absolutely loves it.  As her family members are artist she always wanted an intro set to get her into the art world.  Now she has a nice organized set that she cherishes and takes care of all the time.  It's a great gift for anyone who wants to be creative!
the products in box are great but the box is falling apart. The latch is broken on one side and the hinges came loose making the box unable to close. I would like for the company to send me a new box so I can transfer all the  items.
My 8 year old loves this set.
Nice art set. Good quality.
"I got this set in the thanksgiving lightning deal for $3 for my niece. This is a pretty good set which had everything a 6 year old would want. The quality is not so good, but we get what we pay for. My niece loved it, colored all the coloring books she had and finished the whole set within a month. Not at all a bad buy for me."
My granddaughter loved it.
"Good set, not the best quality"
"Perfect for my coloring addiction hehehe. I think i have more than 100 adult coloring books now, shocking!"
"I finally was able to give this as a gift to my niece for her BIG sister reward. She enjoyed opening it up along with the coloring book and arts and crafts book she recieved , this will keep her busy . She enjoys coloring, painting and being a kid . The many activities that shecan used and or do with this is and let her use her imagination."
Also got this as a gift for my mother. She said that it is a very high quality set.
"I bought this item for my daughter for Christmas, it just so happened I got a deal on it as a lightening deal right before the holidays. My daughter is a arts and crafts kind of girl and constantly asking to borrow my twistable crayons, colored pencils, paint, ect (yes I am a mom with her own coloring products lol). Anyways, I thought that this item was the perfect combination for her to have when she is in her arts and craft mood. It has a great variety of items from markers and colored pencils to paint and crayons. She loves it and it and loves how it keeps her items organized."
"I got this for my three year old who loves it, but I do not. The products are very cheap. The white paint was actually dried out when we opened it, the scissors are very cheap feeling and only have two small holes for fingers which doesn't seem very comfortable, and the pastels are just crayons which angered me the most, I was looking to introduce my son to something new. I'm giving it three stars because even though I hate it, my son likes it but he's three, he doesn't really have anything to compare it to. I feel like you could buy everything seperatly for about the same price."
"Awful quality. Very disappointed with this purchase. Scissors broke the first time they were used, the paint brush came with the bristles (plastic) splayed apart. Pastels aren't pastels bit crayons etc"
"Eh, it is not that good of an art set."
"My grandchildren love coloring and the large array of crayons, markers, pencils, offers them many choices to create the artwork of their dreams. The set also includes an eraser and a pencil sharpener. A very complete set for a great price. I looked long and hard for just he right combination of pens, pencils, crayons and I found it. Good quality, vibrant colors, good choice."
There are many different drawing tools and my little cousin liked it very much. He was really excited when he saw it and immediately starts to drawing and tries to draw with all tools :)
Very nice beginner's art set.  I bought it for a granddaughter for Christmas and she was impressed and uses it all the time.  Quality is very good.
good
"This was a gift for my daughter, who enjoyed it."
this is a great set for kids.
The hinges came loose which made the case hard to close. Now it won't close at all 6 months later.  My 4 year old daughter who loves art thought it was great but I knew the quality wasn't what I was expecting.
Good variety!
good product
Very pleased thank you!
"Love this item! I love the markers and colors the best!! The water colors were cool but my 4 yr old doesn't like the map colors so much because they are too light on paper. Lol The only negative thing I would say is the handle broke the moment my 4 year old grabbed it. You should be able to hold it like a briefcase to make transferring it easier but the hanle popped off as soon as we got it. Also, the edges are surprisingly sharp (like knifes be careful) other than that, great item my 4 year old used it daily! And the price was awesome for all you get!"
Grand daughter loved it!
Bought for my 12 year old neice. It is a beginner type set but she loved it and it is perfect for beginning artists
Very nice set and my daughter loved it.
"6 markers are completely dry straight out of the box, my 7 year old was disappointed."
Great simple starter kit for my kids for the holidays. I bought two and let them go to making me some great original art pieces. Also because it's a case it keeps everything together and teaches them to put things where they belong.
Amazing! My daughter loved this!
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my son. He's been really into art lately and I was very excited for him to open this gift.  I was pretty disappointed when he did.  Upon opening it, half of the items were displaced already due to the adhesive not properly securing them in their compartments.  It took around 5 minutes to get everything back into place, and even then every time the case was closed and opened the same problem happened.

The oil pastels were pretty cheap and not great quality and the lead in the pencils kept breaking easily and not sharpening properly.  Would not recommend to anyone as a gift."
"This was a gift to my niece, she loves it. Purchased with a how to draw book and she can't put them down."
children liked it
great item
Got this as a gift for my niece because she's such a great little artist. She loved it and uses it multiple times a week. I got this with a coloring book and some drawing paper for her as well. Great color options.
Just as described. My son liked it as he likes to sketch and draw.
Absolutely love this collection of colorful pens and pencils. An amazing gift for all ages to use. Great color assortment and different types of coloring utensils allows for hours of fun coloring. Gave this gift as a present and had nothing but great feedback saying that it is constantly being used.
Gave to my granddaughters.  They were ok.  Nothing as special as I had hoped.
nice set
They worked great and lasted a long time.
I gave this as a gift and think it was a wonderful surprise and a great gift too.
grand daughter loved it
It's a good product for the price and was delivered in great condition. My girls (9 & 11) will love it.
"My daughter loves it! Nice case ( light weight and solid), great starter kit for older kids. Keeps everything neat and organized, right where she can find it."
Christmas gift
Got this on my great-grandson he loves to draw so he really enjoyed this. Then I bought another one for my great granddaughter. It is well worth the money
Grand daughter loved all the options to draw and color.
wife is very crafty with the grandkids.  this has been used quite a bit.  the granddaughter has told me she wants me to get her one too.  I will be getting another it appears.
"It's good for a beginner who wants to try multiple media for drawing, sketching, and painting, but I would not recommend it for professional use. The  colors just aren't vibrant enough, but it's great for beginners."
kids liked it
"Bought this for our gift box for school agers.  Have not used the supplies myself, but the products included seem to be a good quality."
Perfect set; great for junior artist and beyond.  Case is sturdy to hold all.
Perfect for my little artist. Thank you
"it's OK, not a great quality"
This art set Is perfect for anyone at any age.
Otimo custo benefcio.
Gave to Ggrandaughter. I never got feedback on it. I hope she liked it.
I bought this for the goddaughters birthday and she loved it. Very happy
"Really nice art set, gave it to my little sister for her birthday and she uses it almost daily"
My friend liked her gift.
This was a gift to a grandchild. He said he loves it and told me it is five stars.
"Bought this for my niece who loves to do art work. She loves it and uses it every single day the amount of stuff that comes in this is crazy for a great price under ten bucks. Includes markers, pencils, pastels, watercolors and plenty of accessories so they have plenty of options to chose from.
Provides excellent way for kids and adults to experiment with a variety of artistic media. All in a black, snap-shut portable case good for when your on the go and the kids want to bring it with.

PROS:
Lots of options
Easy to travel
Never tired of one thing

Cons:
None"
my daughter loves it !!
"I love it!  Gave it to my grandson for his birthday and he said it was no nice, he didn't want to take it to school art class.  Everyone would want to use it, he said.  It's very complete and user friendly."
"This is a basic set. Pencils are too soft for any actual use or outlining. Same with crayons too waxy, I will stick with Crayola. But the rest the kit was decent. If anything the box is nicely made. I just replaced what I didn't like with what I do since it was so nicely priced."
Great gift for any kid on your list///all children love to be creative/nice set!
my daughter loves this so much n keeps her busy for hours as she is drawing coloring and is great father daughter time.
"Quick delivery. Good value 4 money, would buy again. Highly recommended"
Large set of art supplies in a nice wooden case. Easily clasps such and holds everything well inside so its not a mess when you open it up. LOTS of different types of supplies to make your artwork perfect. I would/will be purchasing this again.
It was for my 91 or old aunt she has been painting those new books with the pictures in them to paint and she loves the set I bought her thank you very much for having what I needed.
My daughter loves it
Great gift for kids who love arts and crafts. Easy to travel with and keep kids busy at grandma's house.
Love the quality and Colors Great Gift
"Low quality, but so was the price, so you get what you pay for. Crayons very waxy, markers don't write very nicely. Paint swatches were falling out of their holders. Had to go out and spend the money to get a nicer kit."
Got this for my nephew and he loves it. Has everything you need plus some. I even love to use this stuff to draw and paint. Great product!
"We got this as a Christmas present for my youngest son and he absolutely loves it. I'm not sure why people are complaining about the quality. Yes, it's a cheap set, but for the price, it's definitely worth the money. After all these months, my son is still enjoying his set and can carry it around with him. This is a perfect set for a beginner and I'd buy it again!"
"This was a great gift for my 8 year old. It has everything she needs to do her art projects, only thing is everything except the markers are light. Great beginner pack."
great value
A gift
bought this for my 10 year old. she uses it almost daily. great buy
"Great art set, my niece loves it. She just becomes more and more artistic"
perfect for small kids getting into drawing
"It's beautiful to look at, and intriguing to think there are so many colors to use....but most of the markers are dried out, the crayons or ""pastels"" as they are called have very VERY light pigment..... likewise with the color pencils. So while it's so cheap for the quantity, it probably makes a lot more sense to buy even just one package of 8 or 10 markers that actually work....."
My nephew loves this and uses it everyday!
"Expensive for what you really get, but she loved it as a gift!"
It was perfect for a beginning artist.
Purchased this for my teenage Granddaughter. She loved it as she is getting into drawing on her own like me.
Bought for my daughter and it came late. And when it arrived most was broken.
"I had hoped for so much more. This would make an appropriate gift for a grade school child. It was on mega-sale, so I bought it, but the contents are crappy. Not for adults. Plus the box is an icky plastic that pops open/cannot be secured."
For the price it got the job done to keep kids entertained for few weeks. I wasn't expecting a lifelong product for this price and if you are then you need a cup of coffee to wake up.
"Just as described.  Got this for a mothers day gift, she loved it."
My granddaughter loves this set. I hope it will bring out her inner artist.
good item
Grandaughter loves the set.
Excellent !!!
good
A good art kit for my 9 year old child.
Awesome!!
This is a good option as a gift for kindergarten and elementary kids.
They're all made of crayons  Poor quality
"6 year old girl loved it. Product, S/H exceeded expectations. Ty"
"good for kids, my nephews love it."
Just a great set. Bought for a gift. Everyone is happy.
good
Love
very good
Grandkids just love all the colors.
Generic art set. Color pencils not bright on paper.
Great
Great product! Just as described!
Bought for my granddaughter and she loves it.
"Wonderful  gift, great price, Thank you!"
my Kids love it
"You get what you pay for. Mostly cheaply made material, but it gets the job done when your toddler wants to make his or her art piece."
"Not the greatest quality.  But a good price.  The little tiny scissors broke when I tried to use them, but they do snap back together.  The markers come in a variety of colors.  I recommend this kit for a play kit for children, it would be great for them, but not for children under 3 due to choking hazards.  Overall it is ok, I like the case it comes in, this way you can keep it all neatly together."
"Bought set for grand daughter, her eyes opened wide from excitement!"
KIDS LOVE IT
"Cheap,cheap,cheap"
A young granddaughter with an artistic bent loves it.
Great and nice price as a lightening buy.
Had so much fun with this! Great for kids!
I gave this to my granddaughter who is talented and it has a nice variety of medium to expose her to it. She loves it! Thinking of getting it for myself!
All of my kids... And some adults love this. So much variety. Easy to put away and access.
Kids like this a lot
what I expected
It was given to a 9 year old. He likes it.
very goodmy son loves it very much
Cheap price and cheap materials. Get what you pay for.
A great gift; provides multiple creative outlets.
Decent quality for price. Nice gift for the young nieces
GENERIC.  I was highly disappointed!
as expected
Great
We have used this set almost every day since we bought it. I love the case because it keeps everything organized.
Great
My daughter loves it! Makes a great gift and they got it to me quickly.
This was a gift for my cousin's 5 year old daughter.  She absolutely loved it.
"I got this as a lightening deal, so I have it to one of my friend's girls. She has enjoyed the art set, but the paint was unusable. It was so hard and no amount of water would make the paint work. Other than that, everything else in the art set has been great."
kind of cheap but worth the money
great price
Great product for the price
"There's a nice amount of art supplies in this kit but beware, we've already found three markers that are too dry to even use the first time we attempted to use them."
**Excellent product! 5s! SUPER FAST s/h! Thank you***
Perfect for a kid.  Granddaughter loves it!
Was disappointed.  The crayons and chalk you had to really put a lot of pressure to make a lime. Ned less to say it went back.
Great price. My 7 year old grandson loved it because he likes to draw and paint. Keeps everything organized. He spent hours with it and so did his siblings.
"I purchased this a a lightening deal during Christmas. For the price I paid, ($5.00ish) it was okay. Some of the markers were dried up, the crayons are hard to color with, but the display and the amount of supplies was worth it."
"Was purchased for a birthday gift.  Crayons and markers appear very generic and box is made of very thin vinyl.  Looks great in the photography, but appeared quite cheap in person!"
Niece loved it
Good
Great gift idea. Looks more expensive than it is!
loved it
Love this for the cost at under 20 bucks I've bought 2 of them now.
Arrived in great condition.
Markers running out at first use. Not impressed at all
"Very happy. Ordered two of these for kids after one child got a different set. Yes, the case is all plastic and the oil pastels are more like crayons, but I think we only paid $9.00 for it. And as it turns out, I'm happier with ""less-oily"" little sticks of destruction than I am with ""more oily"" LSODs."
My 9 year old daughter has enjoyed this art set. The colors are vibrant and show up well on paper. They are also sturdy and don't break easily when the 4 year old gets a hold of it.
both granddaughters used these up and enjoyed them immensely
"4 stars because the construction is a little cheap but then again so is the price.  Value for money definitely and considering the amount of supplies my 6 year old goes through, I am very happy with this purchase."
Granddaughter was so happy she is 6
The kids loved them because of all the variety included. Great value.
granddaughter loves this
Excellent gift for kids.  They loved it.
my grand daughter is now a junior artist
Terrible quality product - Please purchase a better brand in case you don't want to see an unhappy kid
great
Gift for granddaughter and she LOVED it.  Better than I expected
I was impressed by the kit when my niece opened hers at Christmas. Her brother received an identical one. They LOVE them.
Nice gift
"I was worried about the low price and I was right. This set is for children. I suggest that going to a art store. See which ones meet your needs, consult Amazon, then and only then make your purchase."
Good art set !
Good
Perfect gift for eight year old.
A gift for my granddaughter and she loved it.
My granddaughter enjoys her art set.
My granddaughter loves it.
"Gifted it to an 8 year old girl.  She was ecstatic.  Case is solid, choices are excellent.  Quality is on par for kids."
fun for kids
My granddaughter loves this paint set. She uses it every day.
"This as a nice little set. There are somethings that are a but useless but over all I would recommend this especially for younger children. It's still a nice set for older kids they just won't use the pieces they don't like.
If you have found this review to be helpful please click the ""yes"" button below. That way I know I'm helping out instead of waisting my time writing these reviews."
No likey
Nice for the price.  Shipped quickly.
"Bought it for my wife and my wife says ""Great Product"""
Good product. Would purchase again and recommend!!
My kiddo loves this thing. I don't like that there is a small tube of random white paint in it though. It seems out of place and could have been replaced with an eraser or something. That's what I thought it was initially until my three year old squashed it and squirted paint on my face. Lol overall very very worth the money and kids love it.
Good preset for kids.
My niece loved this set!
a lot for the money.
"bought it as a Christmas gift, it was well received!"
good product.
"I had high expectations for this item, and I was very excited for it to be delivered. But when it finally got here, the box was broken and many of the pencils and oils inside were damaged."
Loved art set.
Very good quality
This is a very inclusive and nice set for the price. I gave it as a gift for a eight-year-old's birthday and she was very happy. I highly recommend it for the artist in your life.
gift
My daughter received this for her birthday and she loves it! Great variety of art tools for lots of creativity.
Very nice for an adult or kiddo depending how long you like your markers; these are on the wider and short side.
Great black Friday deal! Can never have enough art supplies when you have a toddler. This set real! y does have it all. Convenient to be able to pack it all away in one place.
I gave this set to my niece (6) and she adores it. Its very high-quality and has a wide variety of art supplies. Really great for anyone interested in art.
gift
Great product for the price
My Mom loved it
"My nephew had shown signs of being artistically gifted, but his parents had never encouraged him. I found this at Christmas time and decided to take a chance. I wasn't with him at Christmas, but his grandmother told me how excited he was when he opened this. He really spends lots of time ""shading"" and other terms he has learned. It makes me feel good to know that I have been able to spark an interest in him."
great set.  use it all the time
Gave this three times - to three different great grandkids.  They love this!  They spent hours on Christmas just drawing and trying out all the different colors etc.  My refrigerator is adorned with multiple pictures now.
perfect gift
My daughter is having a blast with this art kit. Descent quality for the the price I paid for it.
Very nice
Gift for 9 year old daughter. She likes it.
This toy is awesome!
good gift
"Daughter loved it, she uses this all the time"
Granddaughter is enjoying it.
Very nice. Especially for the money
Niece loves it
Terrible very bad quality..riped after a month
Really cute set. Nice sturdy case. It would be a great first art kit for a child who enjoys art.
Quality of product 8/10 . Wooden box carrying case it comes in helps that alot. Awesome for children starting off.
Quick delivery. Good value.
"I haven't used it all yet but it got here in good condition, I hope it all works. So far, so good!"
im enjoying it very .
Daughter says it's great.
great
Very nice for young art  student. Price is great.
"Cheap product, don't waste your time."
Box was warped!!!
Awesome!  Big hit for a Christmas gift for a 7 yr old girl.
I bought this art set as a gift and I was thrilled at the variety of mediums along with the affordable price. I should have known - you get what you pay for. When I received this I was bummed because it looks so cheap. The items inside look like things you can get at the 99 cent store and the box they are in is flimsy and plastic. It is still a good variety but make sure you are not buying for someone remotely serious about art.
good
Great.
My grand daughter (who's an inspiring artist) loves it
Great set I got for my Mom. It keeps her creative mind working and she has fun working with it.
Contains a lot of things I like to use for art. (Review from 9 yr old)
Cheap.  Items breaking 1st time in use
Great gift for a child that loves to paint
Great buy and gift for grandkids!
My grandson loves it.
"I really liked this article and how fast their response after making payment. I await your offers for future purchases
Thank you"
Recipients of these art kits loved them!
Bought it as a deal of the day and kept it for Christmas. A great bargain.
Perfect!
Very cheaply made. Most colors don't work
Every kid in my family got this for christmas.  They are all in their 20s and we enjoyed it.  The markers are a little cheesey but everything else seems very high quality.
Got this for my nephew for his birthday.. he's an amazing young artist.. he loved this kit! Huge success!
"The price couldn't be beat when I scored this set as an Amazon deal of the day. I'd say this is more of a quantity vs quality item, which was fine with me, and what I was expecting. I bought to keep at my house for when friends children come to visit, but it's not something I would buy for everyday use."
the kids love all the choices.  so much to work with and great quality
very cheap
The grand-baby loves it!!
"I got this for my cousins 8 year old boy at Christmas. It is an overall nice set. Some things were 'cheap' but for the steal of a price I got this for, I can't complain. And the boy liked it, didn't seem to care that some of the things in this set were 'cheap'. He's an artist in the works. My son who is 9, asked that I get him one of these too. I told him when I can get this for a good price again, I would."
"This deluxe art set is okay... It is like what you see in craft stores for sale quite commonly. This was a Santa gift to one of my children. They colors are not very bright and non of the stuff works very well. The colored pencils were questionable at best, as many of the colors were not what was marked on the pencil itself. This might be okay for a younger child that does not care so much about quality but for older kids and adults this items leaves MUCH to be desired. In the future I will make my own kits by buying quality brand items sold separately."
Extremely cheap product. Glue dried up and pastels are junk
I got this for my daughter 2 years ago and she still uses it. Really neat.
Piece of junk. Crayons don't color and it's just very cheap looking and cheap materials.
Shipping was very quick for the holiday's. This product was a hit with our budding artist. She was excited to receive so many different mediums to use for art. We liked that it was easy to open and remove the products but also easy to close and store away until time to use again. This art set was better than what we could find locally and had more options for art mediums inside. I will buy this again when we have exhausted all the supplies inside this set.
very nice
"My daughter (4YO) loves to color and draw, she is in love with this set."
"This art set was such a fun gift to give my daughter.  120 pieces of pure happiness! This set covers all the basics: pens, pens, markers, paints etc.  I really love how it comes in a convient case that helps keep everything organized.  Plus, my little budding artist has every single kind of art supply need to create her master pieces. Seeing her smile makes my heart happy! Two thumb up!"
"I bought this art set for my 3 year old who loves coloring and drawing. She uses this set almost everyday and so far nothing has broke or run out. She loves the variety of art supplies in this kit, I love that she is using her imagination and learning!"
"Overall, I've been very satisfied with my Amazon purchases. Thank you."
Great for craft projects!!!
"My grandson love it, good price."
"Great product, As described."
Good
My kids loves this art set.
"The case is a little flimsy and not the best quality crayons and stuff, but what do you expect for $15?"
"I purchased this as a gift for my 5 year old. he loves it! I bought the 120 piece set. The paints did easily fall out of the spaces they come in. It is a plastic case that opens up like a book. it came with crayons, oil pastels, markers, colored pencils, and water paints. Happy with it and the price I paid and very happy that my son loves it!"
Great for my kids
Great art kit for the beginner use
"This was the most cheap made art set I have used. It is now in the garbage were it belongs. PLEASE CONSUMERS, DON'T BUY THIS SET!!!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Darice-80-Piece-Deluxe-Art-Set/dp/B002NZJ4L6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set</a>"
"My daughter loved this,  shr uses it for everything.  Money well spent."
Granddaughter loves to draw and was excited to receive for Xmas
"As others have said, the oil pastels are basically just crayons. Still can't beat the price - I got it during the holidays when it was a lightening deal for a couple bucks. Not sure it's worth full price."
"Great for kids. Gave to grandson. Case is nice. Quality of paints, etc. okay for  children."
"def good for a kid, not for adult coloring"
Just great
"This kit has everything a budding artist needs to express his creativity. I purchased this for a Christmas gift for my nephew. He's been playing with it for a couple of months now, and really loves it. The wood case gives it that professional look. I'd buy this again for a gift for family or friends. Very nice quality for the money."
Gift for my 12 year old daughter. She loves it and uses it all the time. What a great way to get a feel for a lot of different art media.
Gift to my granddaughter.  She loves it
"Gift, no complaints from recipient"
"My daughter is in constant art mode so this is perfect.  It has quite a few options on what type of art she wants to do at the time.  This has kept her busy for months!  The carrying case is also a really nice feature.  Keeps everything in one spot and is heavy duty.

Color: Multi 80-piece deluxe art set including art supplies for drawing, painting and more Includes color pencils, oil pastels, watercolor cakes, paintbrushes, pencils, and accessories Provides an artist with a wide range of materials in a compact, portable case Case is wood with snap-shut handle Small parts, not for children under 3 years
Size: 80 Piece Set | Color: Multi Studio 71 deluxe art set overflows with color and creativity. For the serious artist. Set includes 24 color pencils, 24 oil pastels, 24 watercolor cakes, 2 paint brushes, 2 drawing pencils, pencil sharpener, kneaded eraser and sanding blocks. Provides an artist with a wide range of materials in a compact, portable wood case with handle."
has a lot of great stuff to get someone started.
"works ok. case and colors. Arrived with case damaged from shipping.
Cost as much to return as it was valued."
Real nice kit but scissors are plastic and useless.
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my nephew who is about 6 or 7, and extremely artistic.  He has a lot of art supplies at home, but he goes through them pretty quickly, so I wasn't afraid that some of the items would be duplicates of what he already has.  Got it on a value price, and it came in a nice box--I was surprised at the quality given the low price.  He was very happy, so I was very happy and relieved.  Great gift!"
My daughter LOVE it
My daughter and I love it . Thank you so much !
"a perfect gift for gift in low price, good quality"
Loved it
My grand daughters love doing art - and this Art Set is awesome for them.  For fun time and homework - this is the way to go.
MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVES THE SET
Got as a lightning deal. Can not complain for the price i paid.
All was great!!
Was a Christmas gift and he was very happy.
Worth it
"Great, Great Value. The Kids love this set and for the money you can't go wrong!"
Muy completo
child loves it-was a gift
My Granddaughter love this! Great gift for the little artist in your life!
Received as promised...Thank you.
This art set is just ok. The wooden box is pretty thin. The handle on ours is slightly wobbly and can't be tightened further. The art supplies seem to work well enough. It was inexpensive so I wasn't expecting anything really great. My daughter is happy with it. The box just wasn't as sturdy as other inexpensive art sets I've felt.
Great deal!
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. She really loved it. I thought it was great quality. The box is nice and sturdy. It was as good deal and arrived quickly. I would highly recommend this. It had everything listed in the description.
Very nice gift for kids
We bought this art set as a gift for my kindergartener. He loves to try new colors and combinations. The box in itself was part of the excitement because it is wooden and has hinges which he loved. I guess it made him feel this was something more special than the regular art supplies you buy cheap for kids at this age (which it is). The art supplies are good quality and even us adults have enjoyed some art time with my son. Great purchase. I'd totally recommend this as a gift!
"Good art set for little artists. NOT for the serious artist. Got it during cyber deal time for under 5. worth that, more I might of been disappointed."
My granddaughter who loves to draw
Bad
"I got this as a gift for my daughter, she is 17. She loves to draw and this is the perfect addition to her art supplies. She loves the case, as she can take it anywhere and there is a little bit of everything in it which allows her more freedom to create. The price is better than I could find anywhere and the product did not suffer. Great price, great product, will buy again!"
Bought it for 5 yo as Christmas. Totally loved it!
"good for kids, not for artists"
Great Christmas or Birthday gift.
You get what you pay for
It was bought as a gift for my daughter. It was nice and she definately liked it. Came with lots of nice art supplies. The reason I didn't give it more stars is because of the colored pencils. My daughter does not like them and I had to buy her a seperate set. She said the were way too light in color. And I saw some things she colored in with them and she was right. But she loves everything else.
"Good variety, but not very high quality.  Good for the price."
"I purchased this for my son. He loves to draw and paint. He was super excited to have his own case of art supplies, as I remember being just as excited as a child."
GREAT
"The set exceeded my low expectations, although I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Bought during a lightning deal, the price was modest so I assumed this set would only be suitable for a young child but after using it for a while, with limitations, even older children will find things to enjoy

The wooden case is attractive and useful for storing the many small pieces, but it should probably be handled with care to avoid stressing the small metal hinges. And, note that the colorful paper that shows the contents of the case is partially glued directly onto the wood. The glue sticks stubbornly, so it took time and effort to remove without damaging the wood.

Regarding the quality of the art supplies, the oil pastels are crayons  they do not respond the way oil pastels do. The colored pencils have quite hard lead, so they are good for drawing small details but do not work well for coloring larger areas, which require softer lead.

The watercolors were probably the most problematic of the group of supplies. The squares are inconsistent -- some of them worked well and others just did not release their pigment no matter what I tried or how long I swirled water on them. So, sometimes there was nothing but a hint of color on the page. Also, the color selection was not varied enough.

The small accessories were surprisingly useful. I had no problem with the pencil sharpener and even the eraser worked well erasing marks made by the two included lead pencils. And, the two brushes, although clearly inexpensive did an adequate job with the water colors. This is not a bad set. It makes a nice presentation but the water colors warrant replacing, and if oil pastels are desired, rather than crayons, they too should be replaced."
Good quality and my godson was happy with my gift.
Gave this as a gift and she was very pleased with it.
"Was a present, so I don't know how the products worked, but the set looked nice."
"Excellent deal, great quality, fast shipping."
my son loved it thanks.
Bought two of these for my 8 year old daughters.  One of their favorite presents.  The love using it with the adult coloring books.
Great product. Great buy
"A decent product, but ultimately low quality pencils and pastels. I gave the stars because the price was right and low quality should be expected, just hoped for a little better."
Nice art set!
Gave as a Christmas gift.  Was a great price!
Great value for the price. Will purchase again for more of the kids.
Pretty nice little set
"The box came broken and chipped.. The colors are not good quality.. I have to my niece as a present because she loves to draw, but had to go buy her a different one because this just did not do the job.. I feel disappointed!"
"I purchased this for my daughter to use with a little fashion portfolio and she loves it. The only thing she has not used is the paint, but she has used everything else. I once she uses this one up, I will more than likely get her another."
My granddaughter loved this gift
Great cheap basic set. My 5 year old is tickled with it
My daughter loves it
"My daughter loved, loved, loved this so much she practically squeee'd for an hour."
This was a gift along with the sketch pad.  I am sure it placed a huge smile on their face.
Nice kit for a good price on Amazon.
Brought this for my six year old grandson. He loves it but it's not for grownups. The items are dollar store brands.
Bought this for my wife who requested some of the Adult coloring books.  She was complaining the crayons provided are too waxy and don't cover on the paper.
I purchased this item for my niece for Christmas and she uses it everyday to draw pictures of horses. Everything came in a nice case and well organized. Definitely a good purchase.
This box is a magic tool box for a beginner artist! My daughter loves her artist box a lot
markers and water colors are alright but the crayons and colored pencils are terrible.
Great and low cost.  Does the job.
Very Nice Set - Inexpensive!
My daughter loves to draw and color and this set has so many options that she finds tons of new things to create.
"I got this kit for my aunt, who is taking up art now that she's retired. Everything she needed for her beginning and intermediate art classes was right in this box! She loved it."
The items inside were very cheap and dollar store value.  The box was a little to pricey for the items inside.
Used as a Christmas gift.
"This was a really good purchase for our artistic Granddaughter. She loves it and the quality of the contents is better than her 6 year old needs, but she is learning to appreciate. We want to encourage her to express herself through her art and this set helps her with that. The plastic case is good enough for her this time, but next time we might buy a wooden one. This set helps her learn about the different mediums to experiment with to better express herself."
"Great Seller, Item as described. Thank You"
"I purchased this for my 3 & 4 year old as a Christmas gift to share. I got it at the lightning deal price and I think it is fantastic. My kids love to color and draw/scribble whenever they get the urge and this is perfect because it comes with markers, crayons, pencils etc instead of having to purchase everything separate. This is also easy to take on the go because the case snaps closed so no need to worry about anything spilling out or losing pieces while in the car."
It was exactly what my granddaughter wanted !
"Great kit of many mediums that you can use
in the Adult Coloring Books or other craft projects.
Perfect for older kids and adults."
Cheap quality
It was a gift; cannot comment!!
Great cheap art set.  My daughter totally loved it and used it.
This is a fantastic buy comes with a lot of art supplies that are great quality.
"Great starter set, however do not expect Crayola quality. The crayons seem to break easier than other brands.

My 6 year old loves the set, and it is just right for him with the many options it provides, but I would not recommend this set for older, more experienced artists."
I had one when I was a kid so I had to get one for my daughter  - Awesome purchase
"It wasn't expensive so I really shouldn't complain, but the quality is pretty terrible."
My Granddaughter is an art student and loved these set.
The colorful pencils are not as good as I expected. The colors are very light. I will not buy it again.
"Like it for spares, kids always seem to need the perfect color.  Not as good quality as other name brands but kids go through them so fast - this kit works for us."
"I purchased this as a give for my very artistic 6 year old for her birthday. She loves it! The case does not seem all that durable. It is molded plastic. My daughter loves that everything has a place, like a puzzle. The quality is not great. The old pastels are dried out. Crayons are waxy and not highly pigmented. The watercolor cakes keep popping out. The scissors are plastic...yes, completely plastic. I would recommend this set for children who like to play and dabble, but this is not a set for a serious artist. It is a great deal for the price."
"nice.

my 4 years old child love it."
great
"I got this on a Lightning Deal for $3.50. Had I been able to see the quality beforehand, I wouldn't have even paid that. The crayons barely show up, and most of the markers were dried out. I knew that it wouldn't be as good as Crayola, but I hoped it would at least be usable for my 2 1/2 year old. We threw everything in the trash."
"My initial review is satisfactory for this art set. It's not for adults in my opinion. We haven't had much use with it yet, but the box is nice. Hopefully that will last even after we've used the supplies! As a gift for a 6 year old this is a great way to get their creative juices flowing! With pastels, watercolors, crayons, colored pencils my nephew now has a nice art set for activities!"
Perfect present for my niece and nephew for Christmas. They loved it. Has lots of different things in it.
"really worth with less then 10box, bought 2 sets as gifts for kids"
"This was a great Christmas gift for my daughter. I purchased as a lightening deal. Being the artist of the family, she really likes the fact of having multiple choices to continue her creativity."
"It is exactly as  the one I wanted at a regular retail store, but delivered to my home, for a lot cheaper."
"Great art set for the kids, has more than I thought it did. Also has its own case"
Ok
Everything in this box is awesome.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas and she hasn't put it down. I might be purchasing another to replace all of the used items inside. Its a great diversity of utensils and colors inside and she is happy with it as well.
"I bought this set as a Christmas present for my 5 year old daughter when it was a ""lightening deal"" for $3.50. At that price it was a great deal and my daughter loves it. It's still probably a fair purchase at $9, but it isn't high quality. The little scissors it came with are already broken. The oil pastels seem to color no different than crayons. Overall, I would say this is a fun, inexpensive art set for younger children."
Very very cheap components.
"A gift for my daughter. Wonderful gift, well made, great variety of art supplies, sturdy box. Daughter completely loved this gift."
Got 2 sets..Loving them
"Nice kit, it has everything I needed. It's big enough to hold everything, yet small enough to carry with me when on the go."
"The case is unfinished wood, and  looks very cheap.  The label was stuck right the top of the case and could not be completely removed.  One of the markers was dry and useless,  and the water colors pop out of the holder every time it is moved.  I would not buy this again."
Very poor quality. Pencils barely show on paper. Top holder falls out all the time. I'm so disappointed
"We bought this for our 6 year old granddaughter for Christmas because she loves to draw, color, & paint.  She uses it all the time & puts everything back in the box after she is done using it.  She absolutely loves it...it was a perfect gift for her!!"
"Not good quality at all. Maybe ok for a younger child. My daughter is 8, and very much into art and this product didn't work well for her, and frustrated her when she tried using it. She ended up giving it to her younger brother who, dosent care about the quality."
Very nice kit
It was a gift & she loved it.
love
"Nice box, but substandard paints and components."
I bought this for my 9 yr old daughter and one of her friends for Christmas.  They both are very talented and love to create art.  Both love this set!!
It's great for the price :)
Awesome buy for 120 pieces.  Great for bible journaling.  I love it!
Good quality
"My nephew loves this! Although he's just a young lad, he can draw."
A lot smaller than I hoped for but it was a gift and they loved it so I was happy with the purchase
good quality. my niece is 7 and loves it.
"Very good deal for a kid that likes to draw, color ect. Has a lot of pieces they can use and will last them a decent amount of time unlike the little kits that only have 20 pieces in them."
Great deal for this complete and off the hook art set! My wife loves to paint and there is no better way to make her feel loved than to support her interest!
"My four year old and three year old sons love to color, and I bought them each one of these for Christmas. I remember having a similar one as a child. They think they are pretty cool, but I am disappointed in the quality of the markers and other drawing tools inside. The markers die really quickly, and a few things seem very cheap. They are having fun with it though :)"
"None of the products were good for anyone much over 10 years old. And after paying $16 for it, I would get less than half back if I returned it. With all of the interest in adults coloring and such, I think many people will be disappointed with this."
My daughter loves the art set.  Now she can experience more about art
AAA
My nephew was in love with this
awesome1!!
I love this item. There are so many options available to use.
Good set for beginning artists.
Nice!
Very nice art set. I happened to get this as a daily deal during the holidays so the price was definitely reasonable for the quality of the set.
"Daughter to help my colleagues to buy, very satisfied, cost-effective"
Bought as a gift. Grandson likes it.
What a great kit!! It had everything we needed to paint and draw. We have already used it for several projects. The case is really durable and even when the markers etc run out I can see them being pretty easy to replace with others. If nothing else the case is big enough to store art from the school year.
"I got this on the lightning deal during Christmas, it is pretty nice. Lots of different art options. I really like the smaller crayons as they fit my kids hands easier and seem less prone to breaking."
Nice gift for a young person.  Well worth the money
ok
"OK for the price.  The artistic materials are good.  The scissors and stapler are a joke.  The liner does not fit well in the box and pulls out each time the box is opened or closed.  The wooden cover had come unglued/ unnailed during shipment and required immediate repair upon receipt.  I bought the ""portable art studio"" for a grand-daughter to use on a trip.  It is just an inch or so too long and wide for comfortable use on a plane.  Will work find in a car or at home."
just what every child artist needs.
This is a great deal for the sale price!!  It has a great variety of pencils and crayons and paints.  My son loves his case of color goodies!!
"I purchased this during the black friday event so it was super cheap. That said, I purchased a similar one for my other child that was about the same price bu smaller outside of Amazon. The supplies are what you'd expect, the crayons are nice colors but aren't very pigmented on paper. The markers are very rich in color and look great on paper--BUT--they are not washable so be aware!

The oil pastels were absolutely no different than the crayons and a little disappointing. There are a few other random accessories inlcuded such as a ruler, white paint, plastic scissors, pencil and eraser..etc"
I'm very happy with my purchase thank you
Sis love it
"This was a gift. I was surprised at the quality considering the price. It's not professional, but for a little girl to play with, it was pretty nice."
"Very nice ,gift for my teenage grandson ,and artist."
It is OK......just OK.
Great for Kids
very go~~~od;
My niece loves this Deluxe Art Set and uses it almost every day.  Has so many different coloring options and she has so much fun with it and loves to experiment with colors and different types of colors.
"This is a very versatile set. It gives people a good variety of things to use, both in painting and sketching. To be honest, I really did not keep this. i sold it to a friend for what I paid, to give as a present. The reason why, I got this for my niece, and only half looked at it when I bought it.. my fault.. but giving a teenage girl that draws a set that has crayons in it, just does not work the greatest. If you know what I mean. Overall, the set is what it is. When I first looked at it, I saw the stuff on the right side.. the colored pencils, the markers, etc. And that is what I thought the full set was.. Things like that. If there was something that I would make better, from what I did see in this set.. It would be, larger colored pencils.. The ones in this set are more like half sized versions. Like I said, it is what it is.. it is decent priced, and it made a good present for someone that was younger, so it went to good use. They were happy with it too, so, in the end, everyone still won. Not much more that I can say. But due to the half sized, colored pencils, most of the stuff on the right side are really cheap to buy, and the price. And that I can not say more since I did not really use it. I figured 4 stars was a decent rating."
Gave it away at Christmas.  It looks nice.  Never tried it.
Not the best but not the worst. This is a cheap set but overall I am happy with it. This is not the best quality product.  However there are a variety of items in this set. This was for my daughter and she loved it. For the cost of this product it was excellent.
"This set is carried all over the house. As our 6 year old always has something to draw, write, color, and explore. She packs this around like a purse. I knocked stars off because the crayons aren't the best of colors. Maybe, we're just used to using Crayola."
Perfect
My cousin is an art person and she loved this
Purchased as donation for Toys for Tots drive. Would have been 5 star if at least a few sheets of paper was included in the kit.
She was so tickled
Love this set but the pencil sharpener is horrible.  Don't use it but purchase an automatic.
Nice art set
"I was extremely disappointed in this product. I purchased it for my granddaughter and it is filled with very poor quality items. The oil pastels won't even leave a mark on paper and you can hardly see any color when using the crayons. If I had known this before ordering, I would have just gone and bought supplies from the Dollar store. Their quality is much better than these ."
Excellent for a talented and creative elementary school student.
Muy Bueno
good
My daughter loves it!
Very good my grandson love it
Gave it as a give-away at my daughter's birthday party and everyone loved it!
"I got this for my grandson & he loves it, now he & I can do some art together"
Excellent transaction. Product works as advertised.
Was gift to my granddaughter.  She loved it.  She loved all the different colors and the nice carry case.
"There are many things, but quality of everything is a bit off..."
Perfect
Great starter kit for my daughter!  She is getting into fashion design and we were trying to get her lots of different art supplies to increase her options and creativity.  This was a good inexpensive starter kit!  I didn't want to spend a bunch on one that she would end up not using.  This for the price is great and good quality too!  Very happy with our purchase!
Late
Container is thin plastic and messes up easy. Art stuff is good though
nice product.
was ok
The product work as advertised.  I recommend this item.
Kids loved it
"Yes, it was an appreciated Christmas gift."
It was exactly what I expected!
"This purchase was a lovely box, the pencils were nice, but once worn down a bit and in need of sharpening, it became clear that the pencils couldn't sustain sharpening.  Every time I sharpened a pencil the point would fall out. Very annoying as the pencil became shorter ans shorter."
"Bought for a grandchild and the parents wanted to play with it first! While not the ""exciting"" birthday gift it's the one that gets used nearly daily."
I bought it for my wife and she loved it.
"bought this for friend's son, he likes it."
so much stuff lol great for young artists
Just what I expected
My 9 yo loves it!
Grandson loved it
"Perfect for younger kids, nice solid case and everything has a home"
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for a young girl.
My daughter's were happy to receive this art set. They use it everyday.  It's quality is Ok.  The pastels are NOT real pastels!  They are just smaller crayons.
A great gift for my niece who loves it!
fun
Price was great for the quality of this product easy to take where ever you go.
Great for carrying with me. The water colors aren't that great.
As described
"Very nice, keeps ones things together and very inviting to create."
Grandaughter loved it.
For nine year old girl who loves arts and crafts.  She loved all the colors and the box to hold it all.
"was hoping for better quality, the crayons are pretty much unusable"
"Great selection, I wish case was a little stronger."
"Be aware when you are reading other reviews that there are 4 different sets available. This is for the 80 piece deluxe art set, I purchased for my 6 year old for Christmas. Pencils are of a nice quality, sharpen well, watercolors when worked a little provide nice vibrant colors, oil pastels are decent quality. The HB pencils are great for sketching. Don't like the eraser too much, but overall, I would purchase this as a gift for my daughters friends.

T"
great gift for a girl who is into arts and crafts
My grandson loved everything that was included in this art set. Good price also!
Purchased for Toys for Tots this Christmas. Perfect gift.
Great gift for the price  Christmas gifts for our grandkids.  While I was a little disappointed on the packaging. I was worried it wouldn't be much of a gift.  When open I was a good quantity and selection of art products.
Very nice! Bought this for my 11 yr old graddaughter and she loved it!
Cheap art set. Colored pencils broke easily but you get what you pay for
"Gave this as a gift and it works well, can't expect a whole lot for the price though..."
Little Deon is quite the artist. This has given him away to be creative and express himself. I think that's been very helpful for him.
My brothers loved this.
Good starter art kit for the kiddos.
these art sets were great ordered a couple of them for Christmas gifts for my daughters it is perfect keeping all these art items contained in one place
Garbage. Don't waste your money.
very poor quality lead is broker the thru out eack pencile
My daughter loves it
It arrived in 2 days as promised. My 9y/o daughter absolutely loved this set.
I purchased this as a lightening deal. For what I paid it is fine. It's not great. It is cheap set. It won't last long. It makes a good set to travel with. For 3.50 I won't complain to much.
Nice quality for the money.
I don't love it.... The 14 y.o. granddaughter LOVES it.  She is now designing more henna patterns than can exist on the planet.
Pencils could be a bit bigger.
"Some of the materials are cheaper quality, but for the price this unit has been surprisingly durable and well used by my kindergartner and preschooler. A good variety of art materials."
Great starter set for the kids
"Nice box art set for a gift, however the quality of the kit is not as expected. Markers and crayons broke easily."
Great present for a great price. My nephew loves it.
"Pros:
- great variety
- low price
- the wooden case is quite nice and sturdy

Cons:
- quality is rather low
- while the case itself is nice, the inserts are not"
"The pencils feel and color like they're #3 pencils and the color barely shows up on coloring book pages and paper. The layout of the supplies is pretty. The crayons remind me of the wax crayons of the past. I purchased this set for me, since my mother had gave me several adult coloring books. This art set is going my granddaughter when she turns six years old. She's currently 5."
"What a deal!  Can't believe you can get all of these markers, crayons etc for less than $20!  Very good quality, kids love it!  I wish the marker caps were a little easier to take off and put on. My 4 year old does ok most of the time, but my 2 year old needs help to take off and put on, which could be a blessing since I only let him use it supervised, but we end up with caps coming off and I have to inspect them to make sure they all get replaced when they are done with them. I'd definitely buy this set again!"
My granddaughter really liked this set. She was thrilled with it.
Included 'pastels' are just crayons.
"This set was a GIANT disappointment. The ""pastels"" are just crayons, not pastels and not even very good crayons. The stapler broke after one attempt to staple 2 sheets of paper together. The glue didn't hold. If I could give this zero stars I would. The only reason I didn't return it is because it was a present from ""Santa"" and I didn't feel like making up an elaborate lie about sending it back to Santa's workshop."
This deal was to good to be true. Pencils had little transfer to paper as well as crayons.
Good
"PERFECT. a lot of stuff to do in this case, markers do dry out kinda quick we have found out though, but for the money, it is a good deal!  Would buy it again though"
Nice kit.
This one is for me... perfection
Our nine-year old daughter spends hours with this set.  Great kit!
Great set!
A Quality Wood Box and a Lot of Nice Quality Colors w/ a Nice Variety!!  The Girls Love Them!!
"It has a lot of colors and over all its ok. The crayons are really not very useful as they don't leave much color on the paper, and the markers are NOT washable. We used them for a craft and thought they would be. Needless to say we now have rainbow stains on the back of our kitchen chairs."
Bought as a gift didn't open but these were a great price!!!
cheap product. case was poor quality. spend your $10 at a store so you can see what you are getting. returned item and received $2.93 back on $9.94. expensive try!!
Great
My grandchildren loved the art set! I think their parents loved it because it is all in one set and case! I am the best Nanny.
"I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas. It was on a lightening deal so I paid less than $4 for this kit.  I wouldn't have paid any more than this.

The crayons are soft so they break easily. The scissors don't cut since they are plastic. The sharpener doesn't  work well. Glue doesn't stick things together very well. Ruler was tiny. Everything is held by a  black plastic holder. Since it's plastic the items have to be placed gently back into their spot or the plastic starts to mash around it. This can be annoying. Thankfully my daughter is older so she has more patience and takes her time. There is a lot of materials in this kit but half work. So for the price of the crayons, markers, paints, oil pastels and color pencils this makes up for it since I know if I purchased these items at a store I would have had to pay more than $4. I would not have paid more than $5 for this item. It's not worth $12 like it's listed."
Got the 120 piece set on sale for 7 bucks. All the supplies are low quality but it's a very complete set. Expect most things to break after a few uses but it makes for a cheap day of fun.
The crayons are waxy. They flake off the page that you are coloring if you press to hard. The colored pencils take forever to sharpen because the tip keeps breaking and it continues to break as you sharpen. The markers are actually decent. My daughter accidentally left the cap off of one over night and it was still useable the next day. We have yet to use the other items in it.
"<div id=""video-block-R23GLI889LADL3"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1iU1QtZnUS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01huQF6pkOS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I bought three of these sets for my kids for Christmas when they were being run on a lightening deal. I think for a beginner set it is great! It definitely comes with a large variety of mediums to choose from, as well as quite a few accessories. The color selection is great in everything, with every color of the rainbow represented. Is it the highest quality? No, but for a kit for them to pull out on a rainy day to give them something creative to do, I think it is more than adequate. They have already used them several times, and have had no complaints. I like that there is a space for everything all in one case. The only thing I noticed is that I can't tell any difference between the oil pastels, and the regular crayons as far as how they color, but I am not an artist so I really don't know what they are supposed to be like. Haha! I think for kids this is a very nice kit, and they have been happy with them so far.  *This was a personal purchase bought at a lightening deal price. I am reviewing it solely because I wanted to share my experience with other potential customers.*"
Gift she loved it along with the other 7 kids in the room I bought 2 so I still have 1 more that I can give away if I need a gift. Nice gift and a great price.
Good small art kit for basics.
Got it on sale so cant complain to much but markers are crap. My nieces opened package up and used a marker to color one person in coloring book and the color ran out before she could finish the dress
Great starter kit for my lil artist.
good
"it is plastic and the tool supposed to be placed under the ruler is gone, besides some can not write clearly especially the watercolor pens. But  it is really cheap, given its price and so many art tools, I think it is still worth  a try."
Great variety! Great quality!
used suppose to be new
"I bought this as a present for my 12 year niece who loves coloring for Christmas.  So I did not open it myself. She was thrilled to get it Christmas morning and gave me a lovely kiss on the cheek for it.  Later that evening after she opened it to start coloring, she came downstairs in tears so happy with all this kit contained and gave my the biggest hug.  So I can say for the budding young artist, this is perfect."
"Good quality case with wonderfully arranged colored pencils and accessories. Yet, the oil pastels were more like over-sized crayons that were not like any of the previous oil pastels that i have used. I have compared it to a regular crayon and it was near exactly the same. Also the paint brushes were very low quality. When i first received them they had no stiffness and seemed more like a 90 cent plastic brush set, and now that i've started using them most of the hair has been falling off the brushes. However, the watercolor paints worked surprisingly well (although i had to use a different brush i owned because the brushes that came with it would not soak up the paint). The kneaded eraser work exactly how it should, erased everything great. Pencil sharpener cuts like butter. Colored pencils are good quality. So about 50% of the products listed in the box are good. If this item were on sale for around 10 dollars i would say it's a good deal, however at 40 (the listed price when i bought it) it is not worth it"
"Got this set on sale during the holidays and it's a good buy on sale but would not pay full price.  The markers are fine but the pigmentation in the crayons and pencils is weak.  Even my 7 year old complained, I would not buy this again."
Very good.
"Not as good quality as the one from Costco - (which is awesome, btw but also around fourty) but for like ten bucks it is worth it. The oil pastels were great and the colored pencils are the super cheap ones - just kinda cheap. Paints, Im not sure on - guessing they are pretty junky, but I don't like them painting much anyway. This was a ""filler"" gift for Christmas - better than the disney type sets for sure and i got in so reasonable on cyber monday that it was for sure worth it."
"received very quickly but item was missing one component which is easily replaceable a paint brush., this came shorted by manufacturer as it was heat wrapped and item should have been inside.,"
Nice set.  Gave 2 of these as gifts.
It wasn't what i was expecting!
Bought as a gift for an underprivileged child in our town.  Looked great in the box
"I bought this on a ""lightning deal"" and was disappointed in the quality of all the items.  The crayons and colored pencils are inferior to most common brands.  They should have used Crayola or something comparable.  Two kids had problems with the materials and I then tried the crayons and colored pencils and agreed they were bad quality.  Since these kids have other crayons, markers, etc., we just brought those out.  But because the box was opened and items used, I'll just have to throw them or give them away.  I'll try the paints but doubt they're any better.  I admit I didn't pay a lot, but it was just a waste of money.  I assumed the ""lightning"" special indicated I was getting a bargain and that this artist set was decent.  However, the price was the same much later and reinforces my belief that many ""deals"" listed on Amazon are phony."
made a great add on Christmas present
Great product!
Really poor quality and way overpriced. sent it back
I expected junk crayons and like materials but was pleasantly surprised with the quality. Can't beat this for the price.
Bought this for my 7yr old. The art supplies are of decent quality but the kit itself was of poor quality. The wood is thin and cheaply put together. Did not hold up. Handle fell off within a month.
"Bought this for my son, who loves to draw. He likes it because it is all in 1 big case. The quality is not great though. It is all cheap, low quality supplies. For a 1st art kit, its not bad though. As he gets better or more interested in art, we will just put together our own kit of good quality supplies. If your kid is just starting to show interest in art, then I do not think it is a bad purchase."
great
My grand child loves this set!
Very nice thanks!
 PERFECT 
Fun set. okay quality
"The colors on the pencils don't match well at all with the actually color it writes with. It's poor quality, the pencils lead falls out and breaks easily so you have to keep sharpening. Keep looking this set is disappointing."
Bought as Christmas gift. Niece loves it.
Received this product pretty quickly and my nephew loved his gift! He tells me it was one of his favorite Christmas gifts.
My daughter loves it.
My grandson went wild over the choice of colors--he even got a desk to organize all his art supplies--great gift and he is only 6.
My daughter loves this set. I love that it helps her keep things organized.
"Great art set! My child loved this product and still uses it, one year later. It is easy to keep organized and the box is sturdy."
"10 y/o loves it compared to other ""kiddy"" kits she received."
Great price. Gave it to toys for tots.
"My niece loved it, the case is heavy and looks really good quality. Everything came in perfect condition."
very nice...looks good...
"I can't even give this one star but there were no other options or it'd be a -10. These are the worst products I've ever purchased for art work. No pigment. Waxy crayons, dried out markers etc. due to cost and inconvenience of taking to UPS to ship isn't worth sending back for a refund."
"The product was as described , filled with beautiful pastels and watercolors . It arrived on time in a box that fit the item . Would definitely order again."
As described
"For the price,  it is presently nicely.  When used,  it should be priced lower.  The colored pencils don't show up on white paper.  You have to press hard and go over the same item several times to get the color to show.  The interior is made of plastic and bends so the pencils/pastels do not fit in their holders now after one use."
"It's a little smaller than it looks to me. Product came as it described, and wrapped nicely in plastic wraps. Great for a young toddler to learn coloring."
There were truly a lot more things in here than I remembered. Great selection
Product itself is pretty good. Not super high quality but great for a child/teen beginner. The only thing is the black plastic that holds the colors in does not stick to the wood cover so when you open it falls out. We just tapped it together.
"I'm not sure what I was expecting but this is ""cheap"". My six year old is using it so had to give it more than one star."
My little Rembrandt love them
"First, let's talk about the case, it's light weight and solid. It has a good sturdy handle perfect that is for little hands that tend to be less than gentle. The art supplies were good quality, fantastic quality for the price. This set is probably not appropriate for a professional, but for a little one it's great. Comes with lots and lots of colors and a variety of options."
kids love it
What a bunch of junk.
was a great gift
My son packs his art kit all over the house!! He loves it!!
This was a gift. Excellent price.
"Bought this for a Xmas present,  3 of 4 pencils used so far have had busted leads down at least half way."
I bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter and it was a hit.  Case is sturdy and helps her keep her stuff organized.  I would highly recommend this.
"Most of the other reviews about the quality are accurate.  But the price is right.
EDIT: I purchased this for $10. If you are paying more than 18-20.  I can assure you the price is not wort it the quality."
"very happy 5 and 8 year olds. I don't love the case, wood is bit rough.
good price and fun contents"
"the markers do not work, seems dry."
"Purchased for my granddaughter of 13, she loves all the different media in this kit.  She's turning out quite a bit of art, so mission accomplished! A good kit for  a budding artist."
"I thought these would be something special, compared to my Crayola colored pencils, but they are not.  And the container does not do a good job of keeping the pencils in their place."
Nice starter kit
Great for young artist
Cheap art set. The pencils won't sharpen without breaking over and over again. But it has a nice variety of stuff.
Not bad
"Purchased this for my daughter, she loved it, Although the wood and hinges seem a bit.... thin."
best gift set ever....made my kid proud owner of lots of colors and happiest!!!
I purchased this for a Christmas present for a 12 year old. She loved it. I like that there are a little bit of everything in the case and everything is able to store neatly. The markers are a good quality and seem to have a good amount of ink. I wish I would have purchased another one for my 4 year old instead of just packs of markers and stuff because this case stores so easily.
This is bigger than it appears. Great price for all that is included!
"A-1 , we all love this"
this was a gift and was huge hit with the girl I gifted it to.
Got this for a 10 yo who is getting into art. She's not very responsible so this cheaper set will do just fine. She LOVED it. I loved the price.
Grandsquid loves it.
I purchased this for my 9 year old son for Christmas. It is a very nice art kit for the price.
This Deluxe art set has all you need to draw or paint your creations.
Loved it.
Quality is okay.
Not the highest quality art supplies but get it on a lightening deal and you're golden!
The colored pencils colors are not very vivid.
My grandson loves it
Everything you need to provide your child with hours upon hours of Artsy fun. My daughter has been using this set every day since Christmas. It's a great set
"as expectecd, good service and product"
"This is the most loved Christmas gift my 5 year old received. The only thing I had to remove the pencil sharpener as I did not want any injury, otherwise I feel this set is safe for her use.  Perfect gift for any young artist, and I don't think it would be any less perfect for those aspiring older artist either.  I would recommend this product to a friend or family member."
My daughter loves the variety of items in the case. She hasn't complained one time since unwrapping it. Thanks!
this is an awesome Art kit for kids it comes in a sturdy wooden case Love it
"This set might be fine for school-aged kids just learning to draw and color, but I bought it for me to use in adult coloring books. So far I've used 1 crayon, 1 marker and 3 colored pencils and the results are very disappointing. I haven't tried the pastels or watercolors yet, but I don't expect much from them. With the exception of the pencil sharpener, which I need, the set will go into storage for a few years and then be passed to my granddaughter. I have ordered some grownup pencils for my stress therapy."
"My kids love this. I got this for a 4 and 6 year old for Christmas, and they were very excited. We haven't had it long enough to see how well the plastic case will hold up, but I knew that when I bought it. I got it on a good lighting deal, and it was definitely worth the money for all that comes inside. So far they have played with the paint, markers, and crayons the most. They went crazy on some boxes from Christmas, and had a blast."
"I purchased this art set for my wife for Christmas because she has begun various ""coloring art"" projects.  Though it is not that old, I have to say my wife loves it.  She likes that it contains several types of items (pencils, watercolrs, etc.).  The case adds to the niceness of this item."
High quality! All of the separate pieces are secured well. Nothing falls out.
"This was a cheap set, ended up seeing better ones in the craft stores  however this was convenient. The 8 yr old I bought it for loved it though"
Everything you would ever need
Bought this for my 11-yr old grand daughter for Christmas and she absolutely LOVES it!
thumbs down to the paint palettes; they look cheap and won't stay in place. Also the brushed started shredding the bristles during first time of use.
This art set is wonderful for the price that I paid! My son loves it and has used it every day since Christmas. I saw it on the Lightning deal and just snatched it up. I wasn't sure who I would give it to but decided it give it to my 9yo and I am so happy that I did! The quality of the supplies is perfect for the price I paid and I would definitely recommend it!
"My daughter was very excited to receive this 120 piece deluxe art set.  She is always coloring or creating drawings to fit her mood at the time.  The large assortment is more than able to encourage her imagination and get just the right look she is wanting.  My only drawback was the thin plastic material for this set storage.  It is very flexible and requires that it be opened on a flat surface to remove and replace the contents.  I feel certain that she will have many, many hours of enjoyment and creativity using this set."
Our grand daughter is enjoying this everyday!
"My lil sis loved it! The oil pastels weren't really oil pastels, they felt like crayons. But she's only 6 and she didn't mind. You get what you pay for, and five bucks is perfect for this quality."
I purchased this for my niece for Christmas in addition to other arts and crafts books. She loves it!!!
"Pretty good set for a small child. If you have a kid who is more advanced in their artistic ability you may want to upgrade to a nicer set. Like I said, this one is good for a beginner. Not fancy, but includes enough supplies that it will keep a child occupied and they can create whatever their hearts desire."
This art set is ideal for the junior or adult artist. It comes with a good selection of colors wth a sturdy attractive case.
this was a nice art kit
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She is 11 and has asked the past couple years for a set like this. She carries it with her everywhere.
I got this one for my girlfriend and I didn't know that she used real materials... I mean I can't be too bad on it its nice for 10 dollars maybe even 15 but 25 dollars is a little dumb. I got myself the 15 dollar one (if you look around on Amazon there is others that are exactly like it) but the only difference is the case it's 10 dollars extra for a 1.5 millimeter case which in my opinion is really dumb. Just I bought the 15 dollar one just to see the difference. But to be honest the 15 dollar one has better wood this has crapy bamboo wood that's not polished and the 15 dollar one has really nice oak wood that's polished real well ill ask my girlfriend which one she likes best but in my opinion about 2 and half stars. But the tools. Well the crayons are really crapy and the paint brushes are as well the colored pencils came in broken led and one pencil (brown) was broken in half and there was only one pencil hb and the only somewhat good thing was the paint so very disappointed before buying this look at different options and the photo there is copyrighted it looks nothing like the one that you get not even the paper on it is not the one on the actual box. This could be good for beginners but not for people that are nice painters or drawers like my lovely gf
Excellent
"Got this as a gift and thought it would be a nice starting out set to see which mode I like. It's not. You would be better off getting your child a set if Crayola color pencils and crayons. These color pencils do not have good quality or very good color matching from the color strip identifier on the bottom of each one. A dark green end up looking like a standard teal. The crayons remind me of those you get in the dollar stores or at children's birthday parties. Again, you can save some money and come out ahead by getting crayons from local stores."
"I got this as a lighting deal, so I'll keep it, but it's very poor quality. The pencils color so lightly, it is barely visible. The scissors are plastic and don't cut paper. You're really just paying for the markers."
"My son although 9 is an aspiring artist. When I saw this product I had to have it. The item arrived on time and it was nicely packaged. When he opened it he was excited to start drawing right away but there was one problem every single marker was dried out. He still enjoys drawing with the pencils, pastels, and crayons but was a little upset about the markers."
its a nice set but not for the money. not very happy with it at all. expected more
This was a gift for a 9 year old.  She was impressed.  Would buy again.
"I mean, you get what you pay for. The pastels are just crayons."
Daughter loves it....
Nice art set.
"The outer wooden case had a huge chip along one side. Wanted to exchange but can only have a refund, the price went up $10 during the holidays so not worth the trouble. Supplies on the inside pretty average to say the least. Not impressed at all"
"I picked these up on a lightning deal for my seven year old daughter, she was very excited and at first she didn't even want to use them since they were ""so beautiful"".  The color pencils seem sturdy and not likely to easily break.  The pencils all stay where they are suppose to stay as well.  The outside case is very thin wood, and would break if a child were to step on it, but it is a wooden case."
Arrived on time and as described
"Was not here on time even though it promised before Christmas, and one of the color pencils was broke. My daughter loved it so Im alright with it... now ..:-)"
Could not beat the price. But not the best quality of items.
Very cheaply made.  Not worth the money even for kids.
very disappointed the crayons were cheap peeled apart pencils were very poor quality unable to see the pencil marks sharpner didn't work haven't used anything else in set but if my first three experiences hold true the rest won't be any better save yourself money don't buy
great gift for any child..
"I ordered this for my 7 year olds birthday.  I like the wood box, but that's about it.  The oil pastels are like cheap crayons.  And the crayons are those cheap waxy kind you get in the restaurant for the kids to scribble in their menus.  You have to press hard to get color and none of the colors come dark, just light lines of color with strokes of white visible paper.  I feel like I paid $20 for a bunch of markers and a tiny tube of glue.  It's a cute idea and my child doesn't seem to mind, but I feel like it should not have costed more than $10 for the box."
when you like to draw like my daughter this is perfect.
Bought as a gift.  Granddaughter loves it.  It is great for a child.
Great item.
Was a gift for someone else.  Packaged arrived on time and as advertised.  High quality looking and receiver was very happy!!
Product worked according to ad.
"My daughter bought this with a gift card she received for Christmas. She's into any type of arts and crafts. This set came in and it's not very impressive. I'm betting it will not last her more than a couple of weeks. The colors in the set are dull and just the case itself is flimsy and cheap. To be fair she paid very little for it, but this is something you could find at a Dollar Tree so she paid too much."
Ordered for a teenaged granddaughter. She loves it !  Arrived well packaged in great condiiton. Great value for the money !
My niece loved it
"Alright. I got this set a few years back right when I was first starting out as a young artist. We're talking preteen young and my parents didn't want to drop thousands on prismacolors and copics that would have been absolutely TRASHED by the sheer amount of preteen angst I had to draw out. Because I believe we got this on sale, I thought I was getting good quality art supplies for a good deal. I actually still have it because I'm a bit of a hoarder and it's right beside me as I type this. How did this product get a one-star then?

Because it's the biggest mistake you'll ever make.

The first thing that pissed me off was the kneaded eraser. My set included one (idk maybe some sets don't) and as a child who hardly understood why the sky was blue, I was SO excited to have an eraser that could be molded like playdoh. But after a day of fiddling with it, it got super sticky and goopy and decided to just make a mess of the rest of the contents of the box. I've have kneaded erasers for MONTHS and they've never gotten unusable in a day. I think the whole experience is why I hardly use them anymore.

Apparently, the set was SUPPOSED to come with oil pastels, but all I got were sad crayons. I knew what oil pastels were, and the waxy abominations in this set sure weren't. Even as crayons they were bad. I think I eventually melted them down to make crayon lipstick. And even as they melted in the vegetable oil to become cosmetics, I knew they sucked.

The paints actually remind me of the horse pills I had to take for pneumonia as a kid: chalky, hard, and downright awful. I hardly used them because I couldn't really paint at the time because you gotta get the right paper and some water and put some newspaper down because I was like a baby eating spaghetti when I painted, but when I eventually did, they sucked. Colors weren't vibrant and pigment could hardly be gleaned from the antacid-like cakes. Might as well be used as hair chalk.

But the colored pencils were probably the worst part of this god-forsaken set. I used colored pencils a lot whenever I drew, but these god awful colored pencils (along with the Artist Loft ones) completely turned me away from doing colored art for YEARS. I had a stigma for crayola because I thought they were for little kids (and when you hit double-digits you get an ego boost that lasts till high school) so I thought that I was a cool kid because I wasn't using crayola or roseart. But boy did I soon miss sweet, sweet crayola. These pencils have some of the hardest colored pencil lead I've ever seen. I nearly tore sheet after sheet just trying to get the red to look red. They would leave dents twenty pages thick in sketch books. And the lead was so brittle. My hands would become raw from sharpening so much with the metal sharpener (which, on another note, was flimsy and couldn't cut butter) and the electric one would eat them up like pixie stix. The one good thing about these pencils is the fact that you can break them in half in your hands without a lot of effort because that's what you'll wanna do when you find out that these things are absolute garbage and you'll need to conserve energy for when you toss this set at a brick wall out of sheer frustration.

At least the box is nice.

In conclusion: don't by this. if it's for a child whom you love and adore, don't. if you really love them, just but crayola..."
"I purchased this kit for my child's Christmas and we both love it. It has large spread of colors to choose from in each material type, as well as tools to use.

The colored pencils draw smooth and don't crumble, even with the enthusiastic force of a toddler. The crayons aren't overly waxy and both are comparable to the quality of Crayola. I'm not fond of the oil pastels. They aren't very special and are very waxy. It's almost the same consistency of their crayons, which does not make for a good pastel. It makes for a good set of backup crayons, though. My toddler is completely fine with that!

It comes with a little pair of safety scissors that actually will come apart if the material can't be cut. This is really good since all your child will get is a little pinch before the two sides separate and you have to search around for the two small sides to the plastic rivet that holds them together. It's really a nonissue since it's much better than your child cutting themselves.

The watercolors are great. The pads are a little on the hard side, which only requires more water to break down into a good paint consistency. I suggest not using the paintbrush and purchasing one with either thinner bristles or more porous bristles. The bristles on this are very thick plastic strands that do not hold paint or water alike.

Also included is an eraser, white acrylic paint that I can't figure out how to close, a small sponge, a graphite pencil, pencil sharpener, and ruler."
Really nice
"Nieces, 4 & 8, both loved this - especially the box it came in."
This is a great art kit. I wanted it to have lots of colors and tools a 3rd grader could use. This set met my citieria.
Decent set but it was kind of flimsy
good.
gandkids LOVE them
The case is plastic and flimsy so we transferred all the items to another bin for better storage. Art items are fine.
Girls love these! Bought as a gift and it was a success.
I bought 2 of these for my girls for Christmas! Very nice set with everything they need!
For that I paid for it I can't be upset at the quality but I was disappointed on the quality of the pastels. They must be crayons and not pastels because they don't even smear right. My 6 year old was pretty pleased when he opened it and promptly has decorated the case. This is probably great for a child between 5-7 but any older and I don't think they would enjoy it.
My 4 year old loves to draw got it as a gift. Worth the money.
The overall product is great but I am upset with the oil  pastels that is suppose to come in the set was replaced by regular crayons with the  pastels label on it. That is upsetting and false advertisement.
"Purchased this as a Christmas gift, and my daughter loves it.  She's really into art and only asked for an ""art kit"".  As I browsed the selections to see what was out there I stumbled on this.  It has everything a beginner artist needs: markers, oils, color pencils, watercolors, and more including the carrying case.  I also purchased a gum eraser and a sketch pad.  She will now spend hours drawing using her new art kit and has produced some awesome drawings! We love this kit!"
Great!
Exactly as described. :)
"Fantastic collection for the price, good quality too."
nice
My 9 year old granddaughter loved this set. A place to keep stuff and several different kinds of things to use.
"(Y), thumbs up"
"This is a good cheap set for my toddler who tends to break the colors a lot, but an older child I would not recommend, most of the crayons don't work, really cheap."
markers are dried out and colored pencils poor quailty
"This is your classic art set for younger children.
The art set looks more expensive than it actually  is
The little plastic scissors broke on the first use but are easily replace with a more quality pai
I purchased for my 7 year old daughter, she absolutely loved it and has not put it away since christmas"
Great for that little beginner!
granddaughter loved it
Everything was delivered as promised
My grandson wanted an art set and I saw this for $3.50 as a lightning deal.  What a great purchase!  He loves it
"The erasers don't work very well. But overall, lots of colors, textures and items to work with for a crafty person/child."
"Great set, especially for the price. However, the oil pastels are just like crayons which was pretty disappointing. But you get what you pay for."
"This kit is amazing!  It has a little bit of everything.  My daughter is a budding artist.  She was able to use this kit to explore different types of mediums to make art with.  And I loved that it came in a case to keep everything together.  As a mom, the last thing I want are more things being left here and there.  No worries about that with this set!"
Perfect for the little artist
"Even at a VERY low price (I got it for under $4), this set isn't really very good.  I bought it for a 6 year old, so I decided it was good enough for her.  But I was a bit embarrassed at the quality.  Unless this is for a child, you don't want it. - Peggy Lee"
gift
"For the price I paid shipped, I have no complaints. My 6 year old son wanted an ""art set with markers"".  Knowing my son - the child that looses everything or presses so hard with the crayons he breaks them, I was looking for a set that ""looked""  like a lot to a child but that wasn't going to cost a pretty penny.  This set did the trick.  He doesn't know the difference between crayons and oils, he was just super excited that he got an art set that was all his own.
If you are looking for a high quality set with high quality product, then my suggestion is to spend the money on one.  This would not be the product you are looking for.  :)"
nice and compact
Nice set
geat buy
This was a present at Christmas and it was a great present.  My son won't use all the products but the items he won't use like the water color paint he is going to let his daughter have.  So I pleased two people with one gift.
plastic scissors broke with first use.
Was wonderful set!!
"The stars are for the box and the colored pencils.  THESE ARE NOT OIL PASTELS, NOT EVEN AS GOOD AS GEL CRAYONS. NO SMUDGE, poor saturation. My daughter is 9 and she is disappointed. Even the regular pencil didn't work as the lead is off center so the point is wood no matter how far you sharpen it. The sharpener is sharp. The wAtercolor seems well pigmented.  Was a gift,  we WOULD NOT RECCOMEND!!!!"
"I've noticed, not too long after, that the pens are too dry - they don't color unless I dip 'em in water for my daughter to use them..."
My son loved it. I would love it more if it came with markers.
"Granddaughter loved this, bought for birthday! She loves to color and draw so this is great, all together on one case"
PERFECT
Excellent art set!!! It has a very nice wooden case and the quality of the supplies within are good. Very good buy!!!
"I bought three of these.  I gave one with the Water Color Paper and Marker Paper pads to my two grandsons to share.  One is 8 the other is 5.  It was the best Xmas gift of the morning.  I have a picture of them with the set completely opened up, one of them on each side of it, and be busy little bees."
I like it because my granddaughter loves it
was ok. but not quite what I thought it would be.
Looks very nice and the quality of each art material is just right for the kids. I like the varieties it offer and they are all safely made for children.
good for grand daughter.... kids love it
Very poor quality for being an Amazon best seller. The colored pencils are rock hard and do not color smoothly at all. The Pastels are pretty much a crayon. Not impressed with the quality.
Great!!!
satisfied with purchase
"This Darice 120-Piece Deluxe Art Set is not the best set in the world. It is all very poorly made and all the crayons broke with just 1-2 uses of each which made for one unhappy child. Some of the markers were dried up and couldn't even be used. The case is made out of a cheap plastic that almost breaks when you open it to use the stuff inside. The colored pencils were ok, the scissors broke after 4 uses, the pens actually worked (shocker). Overall this Art Set was a horrible choice and would not recommed anyone to buy this."
I got this on a lightning deal so it was an extremely low price. It was her favorite gift at Christmas!! Great deal :)
Works great and awesome price!
The 7 year old REALLY loved this. She is into drawing and art and this was the present she was playing with most of the day!!!
as described
Wonderful assortment. The case is well made. For any aspirant artist. Nice selection of tools.
Meah
My son loves this set. It was a great Christmas gift.
I'm only giving it four stars because it comes with a picture of the inside glued to the wooden box. It was not easy to get off and I ended up using goo be gone to get it off because it was an eye sore.
I bought this for the white elephant gift exchange. And the person who got this gift was quite happy.
My grandchildren loved this is a really nice set with a carrying case. Looked locally and could not find anything comparable at this price have ordered 3 of these so far and is my go to gift for gift giving youth or teenagers to encourage their creative endeavors and artistic development.
My daughter loves everything about this!
My daughter loves this set.
Purchased this for my 6 year old who loves to draw.  She loves it.  It has all the essentials for a beginner to begin their creativity
"I had something similar to this when I was younger. I'm happy to be passing this one on as a gift to someone special. Oh, and quick delivery, thanks!"
"Nice art set, good quality, would recommend!"
Better quality than I expected for the great price.  My 7 year old loves arts and crafts.  She was so thrilled with the endless art pieces that she can use to be creative.
"Case broke within first opening. Cheap wood, and little screws couldn't stay in. Picture on front is a partially glued on paper, which was ripped off when the clear packaging was pulled off. Content inside works great though. I'm disappointed in the case, because that is why I purchased it. Could have just bought all the art utensils myself and saved the extra money."
Granddaughter loved this
"The handle is broken,and many can't use"
My baby niece loved this gift! :)
We had missing pieces in this set.
"10 $ for the whole thing. It has all the color. I am not an artist.
But It is such a good deal just for playing with color would be fun."
"looks nice, gave for Christmas donation"
"The productos exceeded my expectativas. Very nice looking wooden box, not chipped or cracked, ready to make a child happy"
great product excellent price would recommend.
I'm rating this 5 because it's well stocked and organized for a beginner.  My grandson is a rather advanced artist so it will be re-gifted to a younger sibling that's less advanced but wants to join in.
Wonderful
My kids loved them.
Love It!
This is a very complete art set. It has everything a child will love for all kind of art projects.
Lightning deal and it's perfect especially for $2 and my youngest daughter love's it!
"Very great sturdy case. Daughter loves it all. She mostly uses the pastels and coloring pencils. But I love it cuz it comes with everything she needs, and it's all safe for children of her age. She thanked Daddy, but I want to thank whoever sold this product. Great great gift for children or even adults. Great quality equipment and comes with everything g you'd ever need besides paper or a coloring book. Love seeing my daughter happy when she uses it tho (: will be buying me on for myself."
good choose
I bought because it was 3.50 I had bought one before it is of cheap quality but it is worth the amount I paid but I would not recommend paying more than 3.50 for it. Its good for a young person 8 and under.
"Great product, fast shipping."
Nice
Very nice for the price
"I bought this for my 9 year old daughter.  There is a little bit of everything in this set.  All markers work and everything arrived as it should in the condition expected.  The case is pretty cheap feeling, but for the price you can't beat it."
really good
Smaller then what saw
"First I would like to point out that I actually cut myself removing the art kit from the plastic wrapping, the edges were so sharp had to tape the sides so my niece wouldnt get cut like I did.

Anyways on with the item, markers, paint and crayons was fairly decent. The so call pastel was basically crayon without the tip. The other supplies that was included wasn't very useful."
Nice
"In addition to other comments by 1 star scorers, let me add -
1) none of the colors are labeled - paint, pencils, pastels
2) the brushes are worthless and can only lead to frustration - they are of poor quality and poor shape/size
3) there are absolutely no instructions - not even the most basic"
"I bought this because a friend of the family had complications from a hip surgery and is bedridden. I ordered this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1432113356?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_search_detailpage adult coloring book to go with it. ,This is a great gift for a number of reasons! The coloring book and the art set gave her everything she needed to enjoy the gift! The variety of art supplies gives tons of options and the wooden case makes a great solid surface to color on! The coloring book itself is very nice quality! Well crafted! This is also something she can enjoy long after she has recovered. The pages can also be used to add some warm and encouraging touches to a place that is not home. As for hospitals flowers are the norm, but they don't last but more importantly depending on the ward, allergies, and compromised immune systems they may not allow flowers at all! She is ""tickled pink"" by this gift!"
"Loved this item was in excellent condition,  Thank you :)  Will order again from Darice"
"It's a nice set, high quality case, good quality color pencils, I haven't tried the oil pastels yet but they seem good! All and all its a good set and worth what I payed for it, it was discounted when I bought it though!"
"This arrived quickly, looks like a nice beginner set.  I am excited to give it to my niece for Christmas."
Fine. Gift for my grandson.
Love this and shipping was super fast!!!!
"Great Product ... what a great sale price and the contents are great, including oil pastels."
Perfect for the young artist!
"This art set is awesome.
I received this product at a discount for my honest review."
"The quality isn't stupendous, but my 5 year old isn't complaining at all. It is perfect for beginner artists. I was able to get this Lighting Deal through Amazon and figured we would get some use out of it."
Good for children that like art
"Good idea, but very poor implementation.
All materials are very  low quality - no single piece that you'd use with a pleasure (except may be a ruler, an eraser and a sharpener - those are just average, all the rest - very poor). The plastic liner which holds all the materials keeps falling out when you open the box.
When my son used watercolors for the first time he asked me how to make them COLORFUL (and you can't take them out of the box, so you need to bring the whole penal to the drawing area). Crayons started breaking right on the first use. Scissors - just a joke. We haven't been trying the rest of the materials yet - but I'd expect pretty much the same experience.
It's tempting to get a full set of art materials for kid packed into a nice-looking box for a low price, but neither the quality of materials nor the functionality of the box are satisfactory. You would probably still get a smaller kid excited about all the bright materials initially, but be aware that this happiness will not last for long.
Save your money and your kids experience - invest in better-quality and longer-lasting materials."
Got this a christmas gift for my son. He like to draw so i know he will love it.
"arrived as stated, Christmas gift"
"I ordered this for a needy family at work and it came dented up and splintered on the back of the case.  It was too late to return it, otherwise is looked like a decent set."
"Super cute set and perfect for anyone one your holiday gift list. I got this for my 18 year old niece, and she loves it. The paint arrived intact which was a relief as I know those break really easily. The wide variety of things you get in this set is awesome, and the price point is great."
"You get what you pay for...cheap, probably just old.  Some markers are dried out, both paints dry, and we're just getting started with it...
Seems like it's been sitting in a warehouse for quite some time."
Great art box for almost any age!
"Very good deal! I was trying to put together an art sketching basket for my oldest daughter as a Christmas gift. I didn't even have half of these items together when I ran across this deal, for less than what I have already paid! Buy this item and add some really nice sketch books to go with it, it makes a wonderful gift."
Super quality so worth the money.
Very nice
Awesome delivery time and very happy with the purchase.
"Bought for my kids Christmas, I hope they like it!"
Priced right is a good buy for kids!
"great sale price, perfect for young artist wannaby that got this as a birthday gift"
My Daughter is enjoying having all the art items in one spot. She can carry this to grandma's and is loving it.
"Bought on a lightening deal for under $4.  Thought I was getting a great deal.  Then I saw them on lightening deals everyday thereafter for  weeks straight.  They sell out extremely quick.  However, this is a great gift for a young kid.  The crayons and markers are fairly cheap and break quickly as well, but for the price, my kids loved it!"
"Very nice art kit and at a good price.  My daughters love to draw and color, so I got a few of these and they are very happy to have their own art box."
daughter loves it
Low quality i wouldnt buy it for the present
Cute and fit the nightly creative activities of our 4 year old.
"This set is perfect, great price, multiple options.  All are getting adult coloring books and this set."
Decent gift item. Everything inside might not be useful.
"It's a good set for a child, I got it for my 7 year old, she loves it, it's not crayola."
"I was amazed at how inexpensive this product was, I bought it on a lightening deal.  My son and daughter have used it on many of their school projects.  It is the gift that keeps on giving.  Really nice set."
Nice quality gift for my granddaughter! 
"I bought this for my daughters who love to draw and paint. Its a great set for a beginner but I'm not too impressed with the quality for intense and detailed drawing which my girls love to do. The paints are a lighter color than we all expected. The crayons broke after a couple uses as well. I wasn't too impressed but for the price it wasn't bad. It also came in a box that was wayyy to big for the product.
I received this item at a discount for an honest review."
Lots of fun
"This is no lightning deal, they can be bought at toys r us any day of the year for 12.99, these are and never have been 16.99 and especially not 39.99"
I feel like it would be kids that would appreciate this most. I gave a set each to my niece and nephew and they were very excited to use it
"I purchased these for a $5 gift exchange for my sons' daycare Christmas party.  I haven't used the actual markers, but it seems decent for the value.  Definitely not for a professional artist but good for toddlers and young kids who like to color."
Nice set
Can't wait for my grand-daughter to get this!  She will love it!!!  Thank you!  Merry Christmas!!!  It is a  very nice Art set!!!!
Wonderful art set!
My kids love it
Paid 11.97 last year around Christmas time for my son. Great gift for that price. Not so sure if it's worth the current asking price.
As??s?s?
The case is nice and there are a lot of art mediums and colors but all cheap and some of the colored pencils' tips were broken off. Bummer
Very nice art studio for a 7year old. well packaged
gifted this and it was a hit
"Got it for my friends daughter. She love to color, paint and draw. She loves it. This is kind of an all in one."
Nice case bought as a gift for Christmas for my niece that loves to draw
My little one has recently found a passion for drawing. This will be a great start for him
Bought as a christmas gift grate price
It is a really nice gift to give to a young artist!
Arrived with chipped laminate on the case.
This made a little girl very happy!!!!!!!!!!
My daughter will be homeschooling so I thought this might come in handy for her at some point.
love it!
My 10 year old is an aspiring artist and takes her projects seriously.  She LOVES this are kit...has a variety of supplies and the case is sturdy.  Would really recommend.
"Looks good to me!  Shipped quickly. I decorated the front with my grandson's name, and some sticker dragons.  We'll see how he likes it."
loved it completely!! great price and product
"This is a great kit, I bought it as a gift for the Christmas family i am fostering. Seriously great, I remember having one of these as a kid and spending endless hours doodling, painting, drawing, etc.. Lots of options for the creative minded kid and super cheap. I actually paid $3.40 on a lightening deal for it, but id easily pay the $10 for it and will once my daughter gets into the doodling age. This is seriously awesome! Great value, great product"
One pencil missing!!!
good...
Great product at a great price.
Gift for granddaughter.  Is a very nice product.  Now my wife wants one.
"How does this item have 4 stars? All I saw was bad reviews (after I purchased, of course). This is really cheap quality. Very small case. Disappointed."
So many useful coloring and drawing pieces. Our family enjoys the simple yet full capacity case!
"I am happy I bought this for a child. While experienced artists can use any material to create a solid piece of work, everything in this box is subpar and should not be taken serious as the ""Deluxe"" art set it claims to be."
"I wanted to personalized this and when I peeled of the top sheet that shows what is in the box, parts of the paper stuck to the box and I was not able to remove it from the box.  I scraped it off as much as I could but the adhesive from the paper could not be removed.  I am disappointed in that but the actual art kit itself seems to be as described."
my granddaughter just loves the different types of art supplies. she loves it. it was a birthday present
"A great starter art kit especially for the price.  I gave this to my son for his 7th birthday and he is ecstatic.  It has a nice case that closes securely and everything fits tightly in its place with no moving around.  Nice quality, for the price you cannot go wrong with this art set."
GOOD
"Cheap quality case.  Yes it has a handle but the plastic is very flimsy.  I got this as a lightning deal.  Had I paid full price for it, I would be returning it."
Nice starter set for a 10 year old girl. She will have hours of fun being creative.
My daughter likes this alot!
good
Bought this for my daughter about a year ago and she still pulls it out for major art projects. Perfect for the new artists out there.
"Growing up my grandfather would give me this as a gift every year for Christmas, my kids love art. I am excited to pass down a tradition and see what beautiful pictures my two kids make!"
Gift for artistic grandson
The art set is the poorest quality item I have ever received from any Amazon order!! The case had broken pieces off it from poor quality. The labels on the inside were barely stuck and some were missing. (Most labels are too big for the space intended and look terrible. The entire product looks cheap and terrible. I will not be giving it to my son for Christmas!! I think this product should be removed and the seller/manufacturer should not be allowed to continue with close supervision!! Very disappointed
"My youngest daughter surprised us at an early age with her ability to draw what she sees.  While that might not seem like much, it is a skill  that she enjoyed and developed over the years to the point of winning a few community awards.  Fast forward to today and she is a first year resident in radiology.  It turned out that her artist's eye provided her with a unique  tool for reading x-rays, allowing her to discern shapes and shading that could be easily missed by others -- something that her teachers took notice of. Her demonstrated abilities resulted in winning a residency at Shands Hospital, a University of Florida facility noted for its radiology work.

She mentioned to me that she would like to start drawing again so I bought this portable art set to see if she truly wanted to begin again.  It is certainly not anywhere near the top of the line but will serve to help her find out if she wants to get fully back into the game.  This small purchase for her will be enough to get her started.  If all goes well, more expensive sets are sure to follow."
Totally not what I thought it would be. Looks way cheaper in person. Very dissapointed!
as expected
great item
awesome art kit
Awesome set
This product is exactly as it says and is amazing! I would most definitely recommend this to a friend!
"I bought it three years ago, I did not use it that much, but my daughter use it, the colours are lightly."
Ia Christmas gift for my daughter arrived on time.  Haven't cracked it open but appears legit
I bought this for my neighbor who loves to draw. The art set comes in a very nice wooden box. The handle is perfect for carrying. The art set contains all the art supplies you need. I love the variety of this set. She is going to love this!
Good! My baby love it.
great price
"My little artist loves this set.  So much better than the childish sets you find.  This one is legit with all sorts of options when it comes to color and uses.  He has Art in middle school and loves to come home and try out what he learned using different mediums too.  The case is sturdy and keeps all the contents inside nicely organized.  We have never had a problem with things falling out as everything has a space for it inside.

He asked for another art set and when I questions why?  He laughed and said ""I don't know, mine is still working great!""

Definitely a 5 star purchase."
"This is a great, cheap art set for a small child. None of the materials are high quality, but I didn't expect that at this price. It is advertised for 6+, but I bought it for a 3 year old. He loves all of the different components. He is too young to really take care of the supplies, so this is an appropriate learning/play set. I would opt for a higher end product for an older child."
Made a great gift for my student.
What a great Christmas present! Lots of options inside!
Nice art supply set for a christmas gift for my daughter. The supplies are generic in brand but they worked well until she left them out and open. The set was well used and not the wooden box can be gutted and reused for something else.
My daughter like it very much
"I bought this for my 6 year art student of a son for him to draw and create with.  He is in absolute love with this set.  IT has SOOOOOOO Much stuff in it.  He has drawn all kinds of things already in just the few short days we have had it.  IT is a well made set.  The color choices are outstanding. As a parent I love the fact that it all fits back into one box and folds up neatly to sit under his desk.  Would work well for any child.

Disclaimer:  I received this product at a discount to produce a honest review.  The above statement is true and accurate based upon MY actual use of this product."
"My granddaughter will spend hours drawing with this,"
"Don't bother! My son received this as a gift and although it LOOKS nice, all the items are poor quality. You are better off buying crayons marker and crayons and buying a nice case to put them in. Accessories are poor quality as well. I cannot believe the mark up on this item. Even sale prices aren't worth it"
"I should have known better.  I expected an inexpensive but reasonably useful set of colored pencils and crayons, but this is ridiculous.  I removed the packaging and the glue from the paper would not come off the wooden case no matter what I did.  Wanted to paint my granddaughter's names on the outside and will now have to go through a lot of trouble to disguise the glue that's stuck on it.  The inside is cheesy, too."
"Expensive looking! Great wooden box, looks beautiful and came in perfect condition"
"I bought this for my 6 year old son and this is my take on it. It was smaller then I expected but it does bring a lot of different items in it. My son has really shown great talent in art so I wanted to get him a few different items like paints, canvases, etc... to have him try and this was one of them. Now I can say that the quality isn't the best, I would think that an older more experienced artist would probably want to invest in better quality items but for someone starting as a beginner I think this is perfect."
I bought this thinking my 12 year old would enjoy it. But it's kinda babyish. I'd say for 7-10 year old would be way better fit.
Very nice set for someone starting out in trying diffrent type of arts
Good for the price.
Came quick already have it wrapped and under the tree my first time doing online shopping for holidays  and must say absolutely amazing  she will love it price was great
"I love that it tells you which colors are natural, pastel, or basic and that everything is neatly placed. It was lighter than expected but beautiful nonetheless. I'm a beginning artist and think it's a great start for me."
"My daughter is quite the artist, so we thought she'd love her own art set.  It's a neat set but the supplies are cheap.  She still chooses her bucket of Crayola Crayons over this most days."
"I rarely give a one star, but this product is horrible. I paid less than $4, as it was one of the black friday deals, so I am not returning this product. The scissors in this set came with one blade. It is not a big deal because the scissors would not be able to cut anything even if they came with two blades anyway. Also, the crayons are pretty much hard plastic that you cannot color anything. My 5-year-old daugther threw the crayons, as she was not able to draw anything with the crayons. the crayons are just hard plastic. They are colored plastic peices that you cannot color anything. I think Amazon should delist this whole product line."
Great
Loved it
Not the quality I was looking for as a Black Friday special. I expected higher quality based on the original list price.
"A little smaller than expected but great for the price. plus, great shipping arrived early."
"5 Grandloves between the ages of 3 and 12 all love this art set!!  Each of them found something they could use and there were enough of the different types that no one argued about who had what. The quality is good, the arrival was fast, and I have happy grandloves.  What else could you ask for in a product??"
I got it on sale for 9.99 and still feel like I wasted my money.
Excellent for a gift for my 6yo grand neice. I'm sure she will love it.
Product came quickly and is very nice quality!
The set is good. I could not get the 1st package. But the 2nd was sent after the Thanksgiving day holiday.
"Pretty big package, have not actually used the items as its a Christmas gift but looks like it is average quality materials. Less than crayola more than dollar store."
Good selection of art materials and I'm sure my Grand daughter will like it.
This was a complete disappointment had to buy a second gift.  Not at all as expected.
"I bought this for my daughter, but I don't know who has used it more... her, or my husband! It's got so many supplies and it lasts for so long. The case is really nice and looks elegant in your house unlike the black plastic ones that are so common. If you have anyone in your life that loves art, this is the kit for them. With 80 pieces, you won't be lacking for any supplies for a very long time. I would buy this again in a heartbeat."
"Very nice, my ten year old daughter loves it! Colors and paints show up well."
My granddaughter requested a product of this type. Fortunately I was able to find this Darice product at an excellent price. When my granddaughter received her request she was ecstatic. Every free moment the she has she uses her Darice ArtyFacts Portable Art Studio. The best result is that Grandpa became a big hit. How good is that!
"I bought this for my 6 yr old and now realize it is too advanced for her. It is a nice set in a nice box. I am going to put it away for later. I wish it had some instructions for novices, but then I bought it not really being familiar with art sets."
This is going to be perfect for my grandson who is ADHA and loves to do art and will keep his interest. And he is the artist in the family and in his classroom.
"This is the perfect set for my 7 year old son.  He loves all things art, and he has really enjoyed having his own set.  I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because the quality is somewhat lacking. Still, everything seems to be good enough for my son!"
I bought two of these as gifts.  The boxes are very sturdy and will be a great present for Christmas!
"Although the markers look cheap this kit includes an array of good stuff and at $2.93 with free shipping, its hard to give this anything less than 5 stars.

=)"
nice product came fast
For a beginner
Perfect gift for our 8 year old Christmas gift!
This is a lot nicer than I expected. The crayons are high quality and aren't those cheap nonfunctional waxy crayons that you sometimes find on the bargain rack. My son enjoys it. I'd definitely recommend this to a friend.
"I like that I got it for around $3-$4. Although when I was reading reviews I assumed it came in a wooden box like others have said (only yesterday it was claimed to have come in a wooden box). I received. Thin plastic box. It will probably be destroyed within a week by my 5 year old who loves art but isn't the neatest. Hopefully she loves it, an like I said- it's a good price."
The Art Set was as described but the handle on the box was broken. It appeared to have been shipped in the usual way with plastic air bags. The contents of the box appear to be OK. It was purchased as a gift
This product has lots of ways to entertain your artistic side
Good art set for price
My niece has loved art since she was old enough to hold a crayon. I ordered this set for her as a gift and she loved it!
"<div id=""video-block-R2H5JVRLR5TBTH"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1J8qtK%2B5uS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7160alpvwZS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">I totally love this deluxe art set!  It has everything you could want to get started!  There are colored pencils, regular pencils, crayons, paint, brushes, and eraser and sharpener!  This is a great set!  I also love that it comes in a wooden box.  So professional looking.  Perfect gift for anyone that loves to draw, paint, or color.  Add a few coloring books to the set and gift it as a birthday or Christmas present.  I am most definitely keeping mine all for myself since I like to color while I am talking to customers.  It is very relaxing.  I got this set during a lightening deal but its not expensive and well worth it!"
Great product!
Got this for 11 year old niece. She loves it and so do her 5 and 2 year old brothers!
perfect.
My kids love to draw. My 10 year old son is always making books and stories and coloring and drawing. We go through these art sets like crazy. This one has everything he needs and it was a good price. Double score.  And I love that it comes in this case so it's easy to fold up and put away neatly.
perfect - I have a very creative kid who loves this!!
"I bought this art set for my little sister's birthday. She turned 11. She absolutely loved it. It is a great gift for anyone under 15 who wants to begin drawing/arting. I think it is a good BEGINNER set. If you are more advanced, this is probably not the set for you. The wood box is nice though. All in all, this is a wonderful nicely boxed beginner's art set."
A gift
"I have purchased these before. On the lightning deal, the price is quite good. Are they the BEST money can buy? Of course not. They are nice for a rainy day gift, though. I am donating them to a toys for tots drive. I like learning toys, as well as other toys. I remember what it was like to have trouble affording even basic art supplies for my kids. I hope this makes a child as happy as it did mine."
"I bought this during cyber Monday for $3.35 for my 4 yr old girl.  I grew up with these and loved them and knew she would too.  But I don't think I would have bought it, if it were full price.  Especially knowing my girls, they would just lose them.  But for the price I paid, I'm very happy with them."
Great art kit for kids. Lots of options for them to be creative with.
Perfect Gift for Kids
good!
excellent purchase for a fledgling artist
"This would be a nice kit of the quality of the box was not so low and there were actually pastels in the box.

The claimed oil pastels are actually just cheap crayons, not in any way oil pastels.

The latches began to come apart after just a week, making the wooden carrying case almost useless, see image.

If you don't care about the carrying case, then this is a nice little kit for a first time artist, but if you care about the quality of the hardware holding it together and the oil pastels, you may be disappointed.

As it was a gift I can hardly return it, but like so much on Amazon these days, this is just more low quality landfill fodder. I'm certain this will be in the garbage within a month."
Good enough for price
really liked it
Excellent gift
"Our 6 year old granddaughter is addicted to drawing, so this was a perfect birthday gift for her, she opened the package on facetime and then disappeared to go use it. I am a very satisfied customer"
very disappointed.poor quality.
"I ordered this for my grandson's birthday. He was very happy with this and stated that it was the best gift he received. It is a professional looking set with all that it is described.,"
It looks very cheap and it is.
This is a great deal for the price I paid
A very good set of crayons and colors for kids.
Have not removed the cellophane but this set is SO lightweight it has to be junk. A 24 pack of crayons alone weighs about as much as this kit. The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is that I didn't inspect the contents. Bought on a lightning deal and cannot even tell by my Amazon confirmation exactly how much I paid for it. You might find a similar set at the dollar store. Save your money.
That good product my childern like this.
My baby loves it very much!
"A success with the recipient, however product is not overly impressive.  Just Average."
Everything a daughter could want.
"Nice, on time"
This art set is great! I got it for myself to go with my adult coloring book that I just had customized. This literally has everything I need in it to make beautiful pictures. Every page I have done so far comes out looking so professional and perfect. I also am super happy because I can use it with my toddler at craft time we have every few days. The case that it comes in is so pretty and well made. It has a spot for everything that keeps it looking organized. The case isn't to big or to small and can fit pretty much anywhere you can tuck it. It also has a gadle for easy carrying. I am super happy with it so far and I was lucky enough to get it on a lighting deal. I would absolutely recommend it. For children or adults either way it's perfect and literally has everything you need. Disclosure: I bought this product at full price during a lighting deal. As always all opinions are 100% my own.
"very well put together art set, we bought this for our 7 year old daughter last year for Christmas ,it has held up very well through three children under 8 years of age. would recommend over and over again."
"This is the latest in what we consider an essential, prized possession for a young child.
Our 6-year-old grandson has had his own art kit since he was 2.  It's inspired his creativity and made him excited about being organized.
This is the biggest set he's had so far, and he is so thrilled with how many choices there are.  This has been one of my happiest finds in quite some time.  Makes me wish I'd bought more than one."
"Love this set!  My only complaint is that I thought I was buying it as a ""lightning deal"" but somehow ended up paying full price.  Bummer.  But it's still a great set for the price."
Good deal daughter will love it
good
granddaughter loves it
Bought for grandson he loved it//came with everything he needed to work with
Well made and good for the artist in your house
good product
Crayon quality is extremely bad. Infact nothing is of decent quality except marker.
"My grandson really loves this set and uses it every time he comes over. He enjoys the variety of coloring items, LOVES the pencil sharpener, and I am thinking of getting a set for him for his home as well. It was a great value, I did not know it would be so very well received."
good present
Package came on time and product was what I wanted
"Still in the original packaging, and shipped exactly when it said it would. I had one of these as a kid, and it'll be nice to give my younger brother the same feelings I had."
I like it
the grand twins loved them.
Good !
Great value
ok for a little girl that like to draw
Love it. I buy this as a kids gift all the time. My daughter (4 years old)  loves art projects and although she is generally messy with her art supplies for some reason she always keeps this set organized.
"The craftsmanship is much sturdier than I initially expected it to be. I was pleasantly surprised. My daughter used the art tools within, but I still use the case for fine papers. I love the longevity in the use of this product even after the colors are gone."
Was better then what I was exspecting...Fast shipping
general
This was a gift; young student very artistic
"
I'm from China. Like this product very much! Also like to buy goods in the United States of america! It seems to be a habit! Thank the people of the United States, thank god!"
just ok
I bought this for the grandkids. They love it.
"Great art set in a nice wood case to take with you anywhere.  I would recommend it, :)"
This is a pretty good art set for the price.  I bought the 131 piece set for my children and they love it.  The quality isn't that great (as mentioned in other reviews) but my kids don't know the difference.  All they see is all the items in this kit!  I would recommend it.
"Haven't opened it yet, but it looks beautiful and was delivered VERY quickly through Amazon Prime. I bought this for my 9-year-old niece for Christmas. I'm thinking she'll love it."
my daughter loves this kit.
great starter kit
good gift
"this set is complete junk!  I gave it to my grandchildren, one set for each, and I was sorry the minute they opened it!  They used it that day for a bit and into the garbage it went!  beyond ""cheap!"""
Gave it as a gift.
"I used this as a fun and affordable prize for a raffle I held for students. They love it. It's hard to go wrong with art supplies! This works well with very young children as well as older ones.
I will definitely continue to purchase!"
esta buenisimo
I made a mistake buying this great for a 6 year-old though
My niece does all types of art.  Even in college some special pieces that she uses out of here she says is great.
I'm love it
Very nice!  My granddaughter loves it.
Was great for younger child My 5 year old enjoyed but I wouldn't buy again the quality is much less then expected. It is really hard to for a item like this that is all around great quality and not in a crap box that falls apart after a week
present shw will love it
"excellent, i love it"
Perfect
Excelent gift for my little artist!
"for the price, i guess i shouldnt have much of an expectation"
"Good art kit, but the box came broken!!

What a waste of money, should have gone to a actual store to buy it!"
Gave it as a gift.  It looks very nice.  Good assortment of equipment.
The crafty nieces i have will love this
daughter love it
Nice case cheap art supplies
"I bought this for a 6 yr old she loves it!
I also bought it for a 12 yr old.
Great gift. Great price!!!"
"My step-sister is very artistic. I was worried that this kit would be too complicated for her (she is 7), but it turns out that she loves it. She uses it very often and I plan on getting her another one whenever the one she has runs out!"
wonderful product
"Looks like a great product, but it's a gift so I really have no idea, other than the picture, how good the actual product is'"
I love it
fun stuff
Ordered it as a gift and she loved it.
"""24 oil pastels"" are NOT oil pastels - they are just 24 additional crayons with the words ""oil pastel"" on them!!!!! Very bad quality!"
Way smaller than expected. Not happy
good
This thing is perfet!! exactly what i need to finish some school projects
"OUR YOUNG, ALMOST 7 YRS, GRANDSON WILL LOVE THIS AS A BUDDING ARTIST AND STORY WRITER!  WE TRUST IT WILL
BE A FAVORITE GIFT FOR HIM."
The perfect set to keep entertained for hours.
gift
"This is the 2nd art set I bought from here. Both little girls I bought them from were so happy with them, as was I. Great price too!"
good for a starter.
the kids love it
"For the price, it's pretty much what I expected."
"Another reviewer stated it perfectly, These are extremely cheap quality. The pencils almost transfer no color. Even normally vibrant colors such as red or blue look extremely pale on paper with these colored pencils. Neither are the build-able  If continuing to go over an area, the color stays pale. The pastels have almost no color, either. The paint is decent watercolor, The brushes are really cheap. The sharpener works well. The case is very cheap wood. The locks work well.

I purchased to use for adult coloring books. I definitely wouldn't recommend for that purpose. A child under 10 may enjoy these. if they;re not really into art..just wanting to have a little fun drawing and painting.  If the child is really artistic, I wouldn't recommend these"
yep my nephew love this
"the color doesn't word, no paint almost nothing, can i returned?"
Case is a bit cheap but kids love the materials.  They love to draw and color.  Would not recommend for an adult  The material quality is what one would expect for an item sold for about $10 on sale
AAAAA+++++
Kids just love it...
This was a great gift for a person that likes to draw.  They loved it.
"I do a lot of art work ,so this will come in handy.
  Melissa Barnard"
"Gorgeous set, beautiful colors"
I bought this for a little 7 yr old & she loves it.  It has everything to draw or color with except for the paper.
Nice set.  The box was very classy looking and had a lot of expensive feel to it. The gift was well received.  Definitely worth the price.
A nice set for a beginner.
Hours of fun.
My kids love it
CHRISTMAS GIFT
very introductory
Loved it!!!
"All of the art supplies were bad quality EXCEPT for the colored pencils and the paper clips. The oil pastels were like old flaky crayons and the paint was like a slab of wood. You can't get PAINT from a slab of WOOD!!! The markers were okay, but leave marks all over your paper and the tips flake off piece by piece. There was ruler, but it snaps if you drop it on tile. (at lest mine did.)  there is an eraser and a pencil, but you can get like 20 of those at DOLLAR TREE MUCH BETTER THAN THAT! Over all, don't get this art kit unless you don't care about art supply quality."
Bought this as a Christmas present for niece on cyber Monday. She loved it. The case provided a sturdy cover for all her art materials.
Christmas gift....kids loves it
Very cheap product .. Don't waste your money.. The wooden box fell apart when I opened it ..
I bought this for my 10 year old granddaughter who loves to draw.  She absolutely loves it!  Combine it with a nice tablet of good art paper and you'll have a little Rembrandt before you know it!
gave as a gift
My nice absolutely loves this art set!  She's getting so much use out of it every day for a long while now.  And it only cost me under $10 shipped!  She's very artistic and loves to draw and paint things.
just what the kid wanted
"Very fun, lots of stuff to be creative with..hours of creativity for my 8 year old daughter"
Nice
Absoutly love this. Everything was well made and beautifully presented
good deal
good price
gift
The paint will not dissolve with brush and water!
Amazing price I got this for my daughters 10th birthday in October she is going to love it.  She has been wanting it but everywhere i've seen this it is so pricey!  i finally got to get it for her plus a heck of allot more things!
Great grand daughter enjoys this and was excited to get it.
My grandson loves it
Gift for granddaughter
these are such a good buy and a gift for the drawer in your life. I give these to the kids on Christmas.
"Very complete, applicable"
So much of everything! Great for all ages. Everything works great. Nice case it's very sturdy and easily moveable and lightweight. Wonderful product!
God daughter still using it.
Good quality!  Thanks!
Niece loved the present!
I bought these for my niece and she loved them. So many options for a kid!
Christmas gift
BIG HIT
"It's a kids version of a real art set, it is set up nicely but some of the labeling is already coming off. Definitely not worth for full price. The wood case it comes in feels grainy. the pastels look like crayons and it feels waxy. So you get what you pay for."
lovely color and nice performance
AAAAA+++++
"Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set ...
Darice. Very good art box for children. My grandson loved it!"
Very happy with purchase.colours blend nice and smooth.
"Great Gift for my young artist grandson who loves art...He was so thrilled. Textures and selection in a case to take to nana's home to continue
with nana .  We both enjoy sketching and art in all forms."
It was a gift and the person using it is pleased with the quality and variety of art material therein. Nice sturdy but light case.
Love this set
"good product for the price, don't expect highest quality, I bought it mostly for the compact box to carry  my own stuff"
"Not impressed with pencils,markers or the pastels. They don't adhere to the paper so well. The case is the only upside. The pencil sharper is  something you could get at the 99 cent store. Stapler doesn't work at all"
Daughter loves this product.
Not wow quality but ok
"I bought this for my daughter but after receiving it, I realized it wasn't what I thought.  It was designed for a younger person.  The shipping was fast and the price was good.  The case was also made very durable and nice but I just expected better quality in the art products."
Good
very nice
no goodthe color is not bright
Nice kit. Bought this for my niece and she loves it
"A good value for all that comes with it. It wouldn't be a good gift for an adult, though. But the quality is perfect for a kid. No complaints."
Great gift for budding artists.
price is good.
Great for the price.
ok
"This is a descent acquirement, but the coloring pens should be maybe double pointed for a thinner and a thicker desines as the templates that are offered are getting more and more advanced and in need of a soft thin line in some edges."
"I bought this and it satisfied all of my artistic needs, like drawing funny little animals and giving them to my special lady."
I like it so far
Good Quality Drawing Kit
Good count of art materials for the price. but Doesnt meet the quality. The crayons are breaking. Tips are not strong enough.
excellent
grandson liked it
"So cute, my son loves this gift."
cheapily made and looking. It was a gift and I was very disappointed when they opened it. Not what I expected.
Great set for the money!
My 6yr old loves it a very nice product
My daughter loved this. This is an item she know wants me to buy over and over
"I got two on accident, and the one I gave to my 8 year old sister was AWEOSME! She loves it, and the other we gave as a gift to my little cousin who also loved it! And it was very cheap, win win!!"
Did a decent job
Excellent product and transaction...Thanks!!!
"BEST DEAL in town!!! I bought about 15 of these, and as birthdays came around for my kiddo's friends, we would grab one, wrap it and go. The wood box is impressive. Great for boys and girls."
:)
"i bought it as a present, and my little niece likes it very much."
As per description
"It's alright for my 5 year old nephew that I bought it for because of the variety, but the pens dried out almost instantaneously."
Granddaughter loved this gift!!
Great product that keeps the kids occupied for hours with so many colors to choose from
"birthday gift, was a big hit"
Gave this to my 9 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she loved it.  Nice kit for the price!
my nieces and nephews loved it...
"Very cheap quality. Upon removing wrap, the paper stuck to case. The latch broke when opening for the first time."
great multiuse
"This is very very very low quality. Some of the colors do not show, you have to really press it down really hard and the oil pastel are crayons they're waxy and hard just like crayons. The color pencils are exactly what they look like dull. The markers, well some are ok some are not. And the paints are the worse, they're hard like chalk and I always have to dip and dig into it for some color. Should have read other reviews before getting the set. But my son loves it! He loves how big it is and he loves all the colors though he's a bit disappointed that he had to switch to another color crayon because the colors were not rubbing on. The other things that came with it are just good to have as a toy, if your child is considering some serious coloring and drawing I really do not recommend this but if you are thinking about getting this as a gift for a child then yes this is a great gift. Because regardless the quality, the quantity is what catches kids attention."
very good
"A big box, but the quality is so so."
"I buy this paintbrush for my son, he was very happy to use it with draw a picture,he is four years,very like to draw.the foods overall good ,but one of them is damaged,the US is too far away from China,and return and exchange is too trouble,i hope Amazon shipments to check goods quality.whish everyone  with lucky..."
my daughter was overjoyed to find this waiting for her when she came home from school
My daughter loves it.
The quality of this kit is horrid!  The oil pastels are nothing but the same exact thing as the crayons with a different label.  The ink pens are dry and terrible saturation of color and the pencils hard and tough to write with.  Absolute garbage.  Totally irresponsible for the company to sell this and anyone to say it's better than 1-star.  For shame.
"There is a lot of options in this kit.  The product is cheap.  Some of the crayons and supplies don't really work well at all.  I would give it two stars for the quality, but my 5 year old loved the case and the layout, so he did use it half dozen times or so."
"I bought it as a gift, but didn't end of giving it as it was not a high enough quality.  Kept it for personal use, but have not yet used the products."
"as pictured, my daughter loves this"
this is an ok art set for a 6 year old but is you are buying for a serious artist look elsewhere.
What a great art set for the awesome price
OK
Relatively high quality kit. Everything my growing girl needs to be creative. Get media/paper/material and you're gold! Attractive box
My almost 5 yr old daughter loves it.
it's good for kid's gift
"Not as ""deluxe"" as I have hoped it would be."
"Really good for my child,we love it"
Poorly made
Excellent
very good
Good quality. Bought these for my son who loves art. He was ecstatic. Great price. Great product. Would buy again.
"Good value, lots of supplies for your buck. Nice, ""cigar-box like case."
its pretty cheap for a little kid
Excellent value...
"Kids loved it, very nice"
This was a present for a 6 year old girl and loved it.
My son loves it!
Nice Gift for children
very good
good set
Good quality box and art set. Still in use a year later. (used a lot) Nice way for the kids to keep their art supplies organized and the box help keep the pencils from breaking inside. (like they do when kids toss them around).
You get what you pay for. The pastels are really just crayons.
My granddaughter loves it.  I do too.  Good price.
good
GOOD
"This was bought as a Christmas gift for my grandson. It was a nice size, had a large assortment of art supplies included and came in a carrying case that seemed to be sturdy enough."
I did not expect every thing to be as nice as it is. A good starter kit for any artist out there. Or just simply for your child to be creative.
"excellent gift for baby,they like it over much."
Lotsa stuff for the money
Got this for my 8 year old niece for her birthday and she loves it... lots of good stuff in there!
good!
kit is ok for the the price
Was a great gift for a child.
I ordered this as a christmas present for my little sister (who was 10) and she loved it
Gift for my mother.
Good stuff
My grandson loves the set.
"my daughter's love this set they love to paint and color,the pastels were new to them but they loved it"
Exactly what I expected. Great deal!
Excellent gift for boys or girls.  All kids love to draw and color. This just makes it so easy for them to find the 'right' color for their abstract masterpiece and great to have around the house for school projects.
good
"My 7 year old grand-daughter got a lot of really nice, expensive
presents for Christmas...that are now in the closet.  But - she uses her
""art studio"" almost daily...!  Going to need another one soon.
And another refrigerator... :-)"
very good
my grandson loves it
kids love being able to draw art
"I'm not sure how to use the oil sticks, but the whole kit is great."
"i actually like this product. I see all these bad reviews. but you honestly have to realize, there will be mixed reviews based upon standards people set in their heads for a product they buy online. as a teenager I tend to draw and paint a lot. and the oil pastels are very high quality. the colored pencils as well. the paints are water paints so they don't do much use unless it's in canvas. well, I hope this review helped."
"Terrible quality, save the money and buy better quality. Dont gift this to anyone."
Good Bang for the buck.
Included all pieces in the description.
"Perfect quality, my girl loves it."
Great.
Great product and highly recommend.
"She loves it, it's amazing how much you get for the price plus the quality is outstanding !"
Great gift for my 10 year old niece who loves to draw and color.  Nice selection.
Love it!
Awesome art set for younger kids!  Well worth the money!
not bad
Great!
Great
was not advertised as being for children... not at all what I expected; very low quality.
"I bought this for my 8-year old daughter, and she's very happy with it. The set contains lots of art materials. It's very nice and fun to use. Thumbs up for this product."
nice
great set for the money
Granddaughter loved it. Good Christmas Present
The boys use it all the time.
"Had s smaller version of this years ago and this is just as wonderful. We bought two of these and you can't beat the quality for the price.

My ONLY suggestion is that they put a sticker on the white tube. If you didn't know it, you would think this was white paste or glue when it is actually white PAINT!"
"My daughter loves this. Box is made with materials of poorer quality and some of the art pieces seem mediocre as well. However, my 8 year old has been enjoying it since Christmas and her birthday in December. It arrived on time and no issues with the item. We are just very careful when handling. It seems as if one drop would shatter the box. Overall happy with our purchase though."
This is the coolest little art set ever! Has a variety of colors and has most everything you can imagine to draw
my granddaughter loved it
awesometoo many pencilssuitable for pictures.
Great gift set
"Game to my 12 year old niece as a gift and she really liked it.  Has a LOT of paints, pencils, etc so is a great way to for a kid to experiment with different mediums.  The case itself is ok but not great, a little on the cheap side; the clasp that closes it is kind of flimsy but whatever, you get a lot of art stuff for a pretty low price and as I said, my niece liked it so a good purchase overall."
very good
"My son is now an artist because of this! He loves it, takes it all over the place with him."
very good
good price
great product.
Gift for artistic great-granddaughter.
"decent for the price
not great quality stuff though"
I didn't think that the color pencils or crayons were working effectively. I would not buy this product again. I hope to find something better that will be able to pick up the color on the page.
Granddaughter loved it
"Haven't open it
I think it should be a good product"
General
"This product is ok.  I would say that the wood case is the best feature.  The markers and crayons are fine, although Crayola brand markers and crayons are much better and a bargain when bought during school supply sales.  The mini stapler, scissors and sharpener are very cheap and pretty much do not even function.  the oil pastels are pretty cool for kids to use. Like I mentioned, my duughter loves using the case part and the organization of the markers the best."
Great price and a fun activity set for a kid.
"My little sister with Downs Syndrome loves art and I got her this for Christmas. She loves it and carries it around everywhere. It's nice that everything has a storage spot because she tends to lose things easily. The case looks really nice and seems to be pretty sturdy. It's not super bulky which is good cause she takes it everywhere with her. I do wish there were a compartment to hold paper, but other than that it's been a great buy for her."
great!!
Great kit! Lots of options.
"I orderd 3 of these art sets for m great grand kids for summer art project they all have a natural talent
 for drawing which I incourage and they are very pleased with all the supplyies in the set  Thank You Blessings"
excellent quality
It's just okay regarding to the price. I shouldn't expect more with this cheap price.
just so so.
We gave them to our Homework Central students as an end of the year gift. They loved them!
Nice for the price.
"a gift for my daughter-in-law,very good"
Delivered on time. Perfect when your in a rush to guve as gift!
great gift
Great.
Bought as a gift for my friend's son. He loved it! :)
I purchased one of these deluxe art sets for all 3 of my kiddos and my nephew for Christmas and was actually amazed at the quality.  It is a great buy and has definitely kept my kiddos busy!  We all love it!
It's awesome
Better for children than adults...but the colors and range of art pieces will be a delight for budding artists.
Fabulous - really good value as a gift for a crafty kid.
GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THIS
Great!
my 5 years old loves it
"I've bought many things from amazon and never thought to leave a review thinking that most the reviewers got the points across. But, I really feel I have to cover this. I bought this thinking I was going to get some great colored pencils, oil pastels and maybe some decent water color (Don't care much for water color), Boy was I horribly wrong. Everything In this thing sucked. The quality was horrible. The pencils are made so cheaply and are worse then crayolas. And the oil pastels are seriously a joke! They aren't even oil pastels! They are just bad crayons you would get from a restaurant for your kid to draw on, yes that bad. I am so so so disappointing with this and can't believe I wasted my money on this. I will atleast give it the fact that maybe a young child inexperienced in art could enjoy it but that is seriously it."
amazing
good
fair price for product like this...
This is a great Art set.  My daughter has enjoyed countless hours with this set.
"A very good set of brushes, the child is very fond of"
My daughter loved this.  What can I say?
"Christmas gift, don't know yet!"
Very poor quality
"The felt pens are good, but crayons are terrible. The wooden box is nice to carry, but products are not that good."
Out of imagine
"I bought this for my 7 year old nephew. A child that normally doesn't like what people buy him referred to this as ""a box of awesomeness"". I've purchased several more for kids gifts. It far exceeded my expectations in this prove range."
"The crayons, pastels and pencils are inferior products.  Good thing I got this on sale. The sponge is a joke, sharpener doesn't work, scissors fall apart if you try to cut something.  Don't know how anyone has the nerve to sell this item."
excellent
Nice set for the children to use. Keeps them busy for hours - thanks for the prompt service.
quality is just so so but really cheap
"I bought this set for $10 and thought it was a great deal. But when I received it, it looked so cheap. Everything in the set is of poor quality. I actually felt bad giving this set to my kids as a gift. I will never buy anything like this again."
very good
Very cheap. You get what you payed for :-(
Heck of a deal
Great gift
Great product at a great price.
"Makes a great gift for the artist in the family.
She was very pleased."
junk
Nice little kit. I gave it as a gift and she gets a lot of use out of it. Nice variety of tools.
buy it for my friend's childit's very good
As advertised. Timely delivery at a good price.
Great art set
Granddaughter was excited to have so many markers.
The quality is very poor on the paintings.
"very good set.. i wanted a starter kit and this is what this is.. I am able to use all products, a good learning set. Pencils are very good,blend very nicely."
"The pastels are actually like crayons. The watercolors are very weak. It would be fine for a very inexpensive beginner set for a child but would be frustrating to anyone looking for actual pastels, etc. But, the wood case is pretty nice!"
Sort of cheap pencils break
"Got it as a gift, they love it"
"Very affordable product, my child is like it."
got it on flash sale. great product for the price.
Great Christmas gift!
It was a gift and it is being enjoyed.
Niece loved it
GOOD
Good art set but some of the markers are a little washed out. All the other pencils and pens are great.
Great value for an introductory art set.  Would make a great gift.
I was all excited about this product and thought my daughter would love it.  She did.  But it was kind of cheap. The wood case cracked.  And some of the stuff inside was just cheap.  But not bad for the kid.
"Such cheap material, do not buy! Spend the extra dollars and get a name brand. When you color with the crayons you can barely even see the color."
"I bought this set for my granddaughter, She loved the large verity and quality of art supplies."
Good
This is not for a 5 year old
nice case and good quality
"I wish I had returned it but for some reason I didn't do that. The box itself is fabulous. Other than the box there is nothing good about this art set. Wired colors, low quality pencils and crayons. All of them are so bad even kids will be disappointed with them. The price is nice but I don't recommend wasting your money and this item."
This is a gift for my granddaughter.  It is the perfect size for her and she uses this for her school art products.  good investment.
I got this for my girlfriend who was in the hospital for a couple days. She loves to draw. She was very happy I got her this art set and she's drew and painted a couple of pictures for me. She knows I love red and she used the red paint so much for me that she already ran out of red paint. She really loves this set that I easily give it 5 stars. If you have an artist in the family this is perfect for them.
My God-Son loves this
AWESOME THE KIDS LOVE IT
bueno
"Very good thing, is the box is not too strong."
"it's good, various, many kinds of pan"
It was ok not as good as I thought
Nice
A gift but they like it very much.
Loved it.
good deal. packaging is bit flimsy though
Kind of expected a little more than it is but all & all pretty good.
daughter loves it
Good product and good transaction.
My daughter spend many of hours using.  Very nice for person just starting out.
The kids love it and it was under $5.
Made a very cool Christmas gift for the artist in my family.
Little boy is a fan!
Perfect bday gift for all the kid party's the kids go to!
"Terrible. I am 54 and have severe ADHD. It's good to be able to chill in the evenings and let my body unwind. I like to color and bought a few books for adults. I wanted to use the colored pencils. But, these are not quality colored pencils, they are gulf-size pencils that come in art kits. my pregnant DIL and I color together. but, I had to stop and order crayola brand colored pencils because the ""lead"" in these were too hard. the color wouldn't rub onto paper. Sucks"
"Very nice look, and  so many colors, i like"
good
"I ordered three as Christmas gifts, in the stores around here the same product was prices three times more than on amazon. Great gift, they spend tons of time with the set and they can take it where ever they go. My older grandaughter uses hers school projects."
"Had low expectations, because of the cheap price.  It didn't exceed them."
fun
Was excited to get this for when our nieces come over to visit. Soon found out that the crayons and pencils are made of really cheep material. You can barely see the color even when you press really hard on paper. Markers and pastels work fine.
nice set
This has a lot of items  for KID's ARTWORK! Great quality and has a huge box too !  I actually ordered 2 as I have one for my 7 yo daughter and one reserved as a bday gift !
"Fast Shipper, Item as stated, Good Communications, I would purchase again!!!"
So many color choices. I'm having fun with these. I like to make my own cards
Not so good
Nia item
Great for the money.
"Good for the kids, thin flimsy case it comes in"
cheap starter set
great experience
Great price fast shipping
Exactly as shown!
GIFT
Great kids gift...
Ok
Cheaply made
no good
good
"My granddaughter loves it. Also, the case it came it is very, very nice."
good
very nice but really don't like the case
good Job
The nicest art kit ever. My granddaughter loves it.
Very good
What's not to like about this?..Nothing!...& it's a Great gift too!
great art set
a gift for a little girl she likes very much
"Excellent product, would buy again"
"Fantastic value, great quality and fast service!"
Good for gift.
ok
My nephew loved his art set.  Big hit
Love this kit
Awesome. I got 4 of these for my girls as Christmas presents. They fell in love with it and use it everyday for their drawings. A great product for a great price.
Just as described. Thank you. Great shipping A++++
"This set was purchased so the Grand kids would have an activity on rainy days at Grandma and PaPas.  Ages 4, 7, 9,and 13- they all enjoy playing with this art set.  I got markers thin and thick as add ons and it completes the set."
like the pr0duct
good art set for kids.
Awesome Kit!  Love it!
Same
Gift.  No feedback.
Good quality. Fast service desley
"My husband and I got this as a wedding gift, because he's an aspiring artist and we both like to draw. I'm glad we didn't spend any money on it, because the sets you get at the dollar store are better quality. The watercolours aren't even glued in, and they fall out all the time. The so-called ""oil pastels"" are more like wax, the crayons are greasy, the leads in the coloured pencils break and even come out of the wooden casing, the markers don't colour properly and dry out quickly, even with keeping the cap on them, and the scissors that came with it are apparently meant for a two year old because of how tiny they are. They don't even have a sharp enough cutting edge to cut paper! They have no metal and are fully made of dull plastic. I would NOT recommend this set to ANYONE who actually wants to use their art products. Save your money and go to the dollar store; the products there are better."
Great set for the price! My daughter loves to draw and this set has It all!
excellent
Very useful product. My daughter liked it
Bought this for my 14 year old grandson and he loves it!
nice
Purchased these for my nieces for Easter baskets that we made them. The girls loved these little sets!
"If there are special paint protection is better, powdered pigments will fall out"
Awesome! More colors than you could want and more. All in one case easy organized. A must for children who likes t color a lot and for the price.
"Not quality ad expected, feels cheap"
my son like it
good
Wasn't thrilled with this item  so I returned it .
The water color are degumming
good
This was a christmas gift but the child seemed to really like the variety.
"This item was purchased as a gift for a child, she really have many hours or drawing and painting, product exactly as shown."
good
My sister like it very much.
My 11 yr old daughter is a budding artist and loves this set...
too cheap materials to be good. I ordered 3 set as gifts for childrens. pastels lool like made of same material as the wax crayons. how scisors can be made fully of plastic. can't find right word to express my feelings. it makes good impression only in picture but when I opened it I was very disappointed.
"My grandson loves to draw and paint. This was also his Christmas gift, and it put a bigger smile on his face."
"I'm giving this five stars based on the price and the people that it's designed for, children. The product itself is OK. its not meant for a professional artist. my grandson loved it."
Super cool!
Great beginner set for the artist in the Emerging Family
The product arrived  and was partially damaged.  The box was torn and the case was broken. My nephew's birthday gift was a mess!
Very good
Xmas for young Nephew. He loves it@ parents? depends on the state of their walls I suppose
The oil paints are not oil paints they are basically crayons
This is a great combination of different color instruments that can be used to create artwork on paper or posterboard.
"To give as gifts, I hope they like it"
Great price and quality!
Really impressed and my 6 year old loved this
good package
6 year old granddaughter loves it.
Great!
My daughter was super happy to receive this!
Bought it from my daughter and when we got it the oil pastels just melted some broke and wasn't happy either was she had to run to Michael's and purchase a better one. I guess u get what u pay for wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it. Wasted more money in the long run.
"Bought this for my grandson. he's shown great talent and this kit includes several varieties of artist supplies. Price is great for what is included, and wooden case keeps everything neatly in place."
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it. It still looks nice and she keeps painting. Great item !!
More of a kids toy than an actual painting set
I love it!!!
"Quality of material is not top notch, you get what you pay for. Ok for little kid. You probably won't be creating any master pieces with it."
My kid wasn't very impressed with the whole art set but it's actually good for the price
very good!
She loved it
"It was okay, for young people"
it's good and useful. it's pity the color is dry. it seems to lay in store long time.
this is a pretty good price but the quality isn't very good
"For the price, I think the case could have been a lot better. The case closure is a little flimsy and I think it would open if the case was dropped accidentally.  My daughter loves it and seems to think it's the best thing since sliced bread.  If you are looking for high quality here, you're not going to find it. The quality of the product in the case is ok (Daughter says it's amazing!)."
Worthwhile.
Great Buy
great
Nieces loved their art sets at Christmas.
"I bought this simply for the wooden box and, although the box is smaller than described (the one I received is only 12"" x 14"", which is why I didn't give it 5 stars), the box is perfect for my purpose.  I removed the bottom tray of art supplies and gave them to a friend for her grandchild to use, since they are not artist quality materials.  I left the markers in because they're excellent for quick sketches and added my own art supplies to the box.  It makes a perfect, lightweight yet sturdy container to carry when I go out for plein air painting.  I need to cut a piece of foam to fit the inside dimensions that will cushion my pastel sticks but, even with the foam, the bottom tray of this box will be deep enough to hold even the large Terry Ludwig sticks of pastel."
my kids loved it.
Wasn't what I thought
Unit was received as stated and in a timely manner
THE COLORS ARE VERY OFF
Great gift for 9 year old girl!
Great set my daughter loved it.
Great value!
He loved it
The best birthday present for the little artist. The case is not sturdy but for the price is awesome! Kids LOVE it
Nice quality for the price
"I love it. I use it so much.

Kate-"
good
OK.  Better for youngsters.
"Bought this as a gift for a young lady in the hospital! I loved everything that I saw in this product! Anyone getting this as a gift, will give you a smile in return!"
I did not want to write a review
I got the product for my nephew and it can very quickly and the product was very nice I love how it was very high quality being that he has had it two years and the supplies are still in great shape I would definitely recommend this to everyone
excellent
Bought this as a Christmas gift... My nephew loved it!
my grandchild loves it!
makes a great b-day present. love it
My granddaughter was thrilled with this gift. She loves to draw and paint.
my soon to be 4 year old will love this set. her big sister has something similiar to this so now they don't have to share!
Awesome set. My little grandson will love it
is good
I purchased this as a gift for a child and haven't heard any complaints. Thanks!
No star waste of money.
"Everything was perfect! I was just a little disappointed with the quality of the kneaded eraser but other then that,everything else was fine."
"Kids love them. The only bad is that one of them had dried up glue in it, so they couldn't use it. Otherwise, they're having a blast!"
Good value.
Great price for all that it comes with. It was a perfect birthday present for the developing artist.
so much fun my 4yr old luvs this
"I bought two for my nieces and they love it.  Everything worked perfectly and the case was sturdy and a wonderful case to carry and hold all these different items in.
They love and their friends and teachers are wanting to get one, they were very empressed with it."
Would have been better to buy any sort of quality products.  These are very cheap.
"The case is really cute and has lots of color options.  Not very sturdy.  Handle broke quickly, but was used by younger kids."
So far I have bought three of these for my grandson
Daughter loved this set.  Keeps her very busy.
Very good value for a student.
nice
"Not the quality that i expected, but not bad."
"the art supplies are good, the plastic case is not.  for a child it's perfect."
"Oh, man, this is fun. I don't know how long the markers will last, but this kit is 100% worth its very humane price for the rest of the set."
Great little set for a young art fan (or basic YOUNG art class). My son has used just about everything in it for his art class.
NICE ART SET FOR YOUNG TEEN
Love this many creative hours ahead.
Materials are very poor quality.
Great starter art set or great for kids projects.
My grandson loves it.
"Great set, my daughter loves this!  She can color however she wants when she wants."
great set. super for the price.
very nice as a present.
What's not to love about a bunch of art stuff in a case. Everything is high quality and everything works as it should.
"nice product, thamks"
"Nephew loves it, thank you Amazon!"
The product is looking great as I expected so 5.....
Great deal
"Great quality. Very nice , my godson , 9 years old, liked"
"A+++ Vendor, quick delivery and just as described."
Good buy!
"Even when i read the bad reviews I decided to buy it. SO happy . Just arrived a day ago and my daughter is having a lot of fun. The markers are great, same with crayons and oil pastel crayons. The color pencils are generic but works. The scissors cut paper (even cardstock) but aren't dangerous at all. We had a little mess with the white paint tube but was completely my fault (be careful). Good buy, great price."
"Really disappointed with the quality. The color pencils are so light colored and stiff, they almost rip the paper and you can't even see the colors well."
"It's hard to be critical at the price this sells for. It did the job for my grand daughters,
but the quality is lacking a bit.

At the price though, it's a good item to see if your child has any interest. And you can
always upgrade if they do."
"I bought this for my youngest sister for Christmas and she used it non stop for a week! It comes with lots of diffrent art supplies, and she had a good time trying them all out."
awesome
"It's OK, I needed a second set so I didn't have to drag all my paints, etc. back and forth from our home in Mexico.  It's good enough for what I need,"
Excelente
Bought this for my niece for her 8th bday & she was ecstatic! She has gotten a ton of use out of it & keeps her out of her parents' hair when they need it most!
cheap quality art supplies I should have put my own together with Crayola products.
The Supplies are great for my 6-year old to get started with experimenting with different drawing and painting techniques. Not a bad purchase. But I've got missing pencils and that's a markdown.
Great gift for the artists in the family.
kids like it
Great set.  My daughter really enjoys all the options.
very good
a gift for my nephewhe likes a lot! very good deal~
A little cheap but my daughter didn't really care.
"Christmas gift for my Neighbors kids
still getting photo reports of how much they have enjoyed this and thanks for helping with family time messages :P sweet"
"Came with a couple of missing pieces, and the wood box is a poor quality. The pastels are also very dry."
Decent set for the $$$
Not bad for the money
Gift
great
Handy!
Quote from the child who received this as a gift: This has everything!  I'm going to be a great artist!
"Cheaply made, pencils separating, colors within pencils brittle. However, it was on sale and normally you get what you pay for. :)"
was a gift
"The quality of the art supplies matches the price, but is noticeably less than desired."
Wonderful present
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. she looks at videos the whole day to help her figure out how to use every medium.
The kids Loved these!  Very pleased.
Grandson loves it. He's an artist at age 7
I love it
Perfect
Colored pencils write/color so lightly they are hard to see
"Bought this on sale as a great gift for the ""gift drawer""..... decided a couple of months later to try water color painting and realized I had my own kit! haha.  Even something that is likely designed for kids or clearly not ""top of the line"" art supplies, as an adult I've been happy with the water colors to date.  A great kit and a very nice presentation."
This is a great Art Set and well worth the price!
"For my child, he like and enjoy it as well"
"Very satisfied a shopping experience, product quality is very good, very satisfied with the speed of logistics"
"Very disappointed. looks like a kids starter kit, not an adulr art set"
gave to granddaughter for Christmas gift
My daughter loves the enormous selection.  No complaints when drawing.
Made a great piece of a Xmas set
My grand daughter received this for X-mas. She was elated.
very good
Gave as a gift to a 8 year old boy who was into art.  Became his favorite aunt!
Another satisfies customer.
She was all smiles.
"Brush type complete, children are very like"
terrible
"The picture shown is not what my daughter received for her birthday gift.  When I gave it to her she even noticed it looked far different than picture (she is 7).  I felt foolish for buying it for her.  I had to pay .50 for postage because sender didn't pay enough for shipping!  It doesn't open like it shows only a cheap cover with one side with cheap materials.  This was a scam.  Total junk.  And this ad says ""sell lounge"" while return address I have says ""cell lounge."""
good variety but the quality struggles in the supplies and storage container.
love it
The favorite for the kids to experience their art.
Purchased for a paper Angel.  When it came I was impressed the the amount of items and I thought it was a nice case if treated well.  Bought it for a 12 year old girl.
"Lovely set for an artist! Here is everything you need for creativity and the imagination. And interestingly, this set can take with you on any trip. Thanks to this convenience, it is possible to draw favourite landscape or to make a portrait. This is an ideal opportunity to apply their imagination for all creative people."
granddaughter loves it
Great product! Fast shipping! Thank you!
Great.
Excellent Product
Very Very Nice~!!! Good product!!!!!!!!!! Best quality!!!!!
nice
a gift
Excellent Product.  Very Pleased.
"The real deal and a great value.
Rob"
arrived on time and as  expected
"GOOD, ITEM AS EXPECTED"
"Good thing, worthy of purchase, it made the children love."
Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas and I checked to see if everything was there and in order. Everything was there it came perfectly and my girlfriend loved it. I so recommend anyone who loves to draw. These are grate tools to use.!!
Love it
I bought this gift for my brother and he is in love with it he said it arrived when i told him it would its really great and it keeps him busy no communication problems with this seller because there was none needed. will absolutely recommend to any one!!
What you'd expect for the price
"Wish it came with colored pencils, but other than that it works great for my kid."
"OKAY for the art set, and DANGER for the wooden box. I bought this art set as a gift to my niece, and the 5-year-old girl got hurt with her right thumb. I realized the wooden frame is so sharp of its edge. The edge of the wooden frame should be curved in factory."
Great product-great rice.
"Daughter got this for Christmas, and she loves it."
"Got this on a flash deal at Christmas for 8.99.  Wouldn't purchase it for 18.99, it's not that nice."
I like this art kite
A+
Grandkids is enjoying it immensely so it's a hit with them!
just OK. the qulity is not very good.
was a gift and my niece loved it
"Cheaply made product...not at all what I thought I was buying...not worth the money, you would be better off going to the dollar store and purchasing these items separately."
Wife and sisterinlaw both love this art kit.
Excellent price for the art set. It is for my 4 yr old grandson. I haven't heard how he likes it yet.
My 9 year old couldn't be happier with this.  Plenty of oil pastels which is what she was looking for!
Very nice present
I bought this ser as a gift for my Grand-daugher. In this case I`m unable to comment about quality.
"Quick shipping, and just as described. Highly recommend.  Grand-daughter loved it!!"
Very nice. As advertised and shipped promptly.
"Bought for my grandson, very nice  assortment and he loves it."
"I bought this for my daughter and expected a little more.  Everything was a little cheapy, but for they price I guess you have to expect that.  My daughter turned 12 when we bought this for her and she was very satisfied with it.  I guess that was all that mattered though."
"Everything Ok, Recommended!"
Purchased this as a Christmas present and it was loved by receiver!
loved it.....worth every cent. will recommend to anyone
A beloved gift.
lasts
Gift
My daughter love it.
Very convenient to have all the items in one spot. Good variety of colors.  Watch out for splinters from the carry case per the wife.
grand daughter loves
A +
"Good product, I get to that date, meets my expectations"
"Had everything but charcoal. Otherwise, nice set"
GREAT Christmas gift.
Fast Delivery and child loved the present!
My 7 year old has spent hundreds of hours using this kit.
terrible quality
"The paint,color pencils and oil pastels are great to use. The great part is there a nice wooden box. I like this very much."
cant go wrong with this item
"We bought these for my 7 year old sister in law and I thought she would be a little old for it but she opened it and was instantly taken! She uses this for hours and her 9 year old sister actually loves to play with it as well! Its a wonderful product, great quality, and amazing price!"
perfect gift
I gift it to a 6-year girl and she was very happy.
"Great value for the price, perfect for beginning artists."
Awesome art set this is the first one ive ever gotton and it gets 5 stars i mean 120 piece for only 10.46 but the tax and all still its worth the money also becarefull while opening examine the box beacause i almost broke the box since i was exited about it
This is definitely worth it. Great supplies for a little artist on the go. My 7yr old son brings it everywhere.
Case is a little flimsy but for the price I wasn't expecting a very sturdy design. The wood box is very appealing and for $10 it made a child very excited on Christmas.
"This was a gift, the child really liked it.
Carolyn"
"bought as a gift for a 7 yo  she loves it  its a perfect starter pack for an art enthusiast  gives them the opportunity to learn a few diff styles (pastels, watercolor, color pencils, charcoal etc..."
"A great set for the price, the items are all durable, however, the case isn't very great and already has nicks and dings in it."
We bought this for a Christmas present for our niece who is aspiring to be an artist! She loved it and her grandma who is an artist said it was a great kit with lots of options! It was also a great price and that made us happy!
I wish that I could give a great review but I gave to my young niece for this past Xmas and she did not say thank you.  From the pictures it looks awesome.
she loved it as she loves to draw and color
it is what it is...
"It's cheap, and my brother likes it."
thank you
Awsome
My son likes it but it came with about a one inch dent on the outside of the box.
"ok I buy this Set on Christmas  for my child (4, 6 year) ! very-very high quality!!! FANTASTIC!!! every markers, pencils and pastels - works cool!!! LOVE IT"
Good set....
Love it very much
It's a great art set. The paints however were loose in the set and fell out while the case was being carried around. But the colors were great and my niece loved it.
My grandchildren loved it.
some package was broken in transport. But the price was cheap
Great set for the price. Love the woods box.
Great
"Good for use , very convinence to bring out . My daughter loves this set"
Nice set for beginners like me. I highly recommend it.
The quality is not as good as it looks in the images
Awesome if your grand childs loves art!!
kids loved it
OK
Great for the beginner.
Good value but After one drop the wooden case broke into little pieces.
An undelivered gift.
Bought this set for a little boy that likes art.  He likes it very well.
Gift for my daughter and she like it.
"Its nice. My daughter plays with it, lots of items in it."
"During the first use, the stapler and scissors broke."
"My son loves it,  but it's not very good quality. I wouldn't purchase for anyone over 10yo"
"The only thing I liked in this set was the water colors. The colored pencils broke easily, the ""pastels"" are just crayons - they don't blend at all. If you actually want a quality art set, buy the pieces separately"
Perfect for the kids every color u can think of I recommend buying this for any kids that like to draw and color alike
ok
"Bought for my grandson, very nice  assortment and he loves it."
"This was a Lightening Deal before Christmas, so I bought it for my artistic 8 year old granddaughter.  We were pleased with the quality and amount of items in this set.  The case is very nice for the price, too.  I anticipate that as the pencils, etc wear out, they can be easily replaced to keep using the case."
Bought a pile of these to donate as creativity-inspiring Holiday presents.  Nice box they came in and hopefully the kids who got them are drawing up a storm.
children loved it
Lock was broken
"A very attractive set, my 9 year daughter loves it. The quality is very good for the price."
good kid gift idea
A very good buy for beginning artists.  My granddaughter loves it !
We ordered one set and got what appeared to be a totally different set.  I read online that this happened to other people.  The set we got was made of very inferior supplies.  Guess you get what you pay for sometime.
Great
"Not happy with this. The quality was poor and it didn't last long. It actually fell apart after a little while.
The quality of the colors was also poor. The children were frustrated with their artwork trying to bring it to
life with weak colors!"
"My son loves to color so i figured this would be the perfect gift and i was right, he loves it. Only downside is the actual packaging."
so many pencils.
Product as Described - Fast Shipping - Very Satisfied!!!
Excellent price for purchase
I expected the quality to be a bit better.
"Very satisfied with this item, excellent quality"
Granddaughter age 7 likes and uses these often
Nice set
"Purchased this for the ""artists"" that come to visit the beach!
Never know what the weather is going to be like---so we're prepared for the kiddos to have some art fun!"
Cheap.
Great set with lots of variety.
"This is a great set for the littles up to adults. This set has provided my girls and myself hours of fun. All of the products appear to be nice quality and go on paper very smoothly. The oil pastels had a great richness to it that most ""cheap"" art kits lack. The case is also nice and sturdy."
Our granddaughter just loved this! She uses this all the time!
So much can be done with this set.
Just something to play with.
"Great seller, good item for the price, great for a 3 year old .."
Great Value and lots of colors!
perfect! great for my 8 year old grandaughter
niece loves it
it's ok
Good value for the money.
"So far I've just *looked* at it, hesitant to get started.  It'll be fine, once I do."
very good
Very good
Nice
I bought three of them. They are cheap. You get what you pay for. No big shock that we got a selection of crayons with repetitive colors and others missing. So maybe 3 browns and greys but some missing colors. Real dark and depressing colors overall.
"This is a child's drawing set, The case is not wood it is cardboard.  I bought this expecting an artist type case for my wife.  Very disappointed."
Very pretty set with good quality supplies inside. Also very easy to store because its so thin!!
very goodveryfast
useful
"Perfect art kit for kids- all the supplies that they need to draw, color, etc.  My daughter who loves to draw has enjoyed this immensely."
Very nice starter set for any budding artist.  I gave it as a gift to my niece and she loves it.
We have bought this set twice know for my daughter. Art teacher likes it too.
Lower expectations on quality
"Purchased as a Christmas gift for my teen aged cousin who is crazy about art. She thanks me every time she sees me, so I guess its a hit."
Perfect for the kid who loves to draw.
Perfect for the artist
Very for Kids that love to do art projects.
Excellent
Yes it did!!!! Love the case everything came in.
I was expecting watercolor pencils and oil pastels. But instead It gave me crayons and regular. Color pencils.
"My G Daughter loved it, as she is very gifted in arts!"
colors are awesome. My niece loves it
"I gave these colors to myself as a Christmas present and then brought them with me to my writers retreat. I have just begun to use them, but they seem professional-quality to me. And I love just looking at them. I took a picture before I started using them. Just to remember the perfection of all those shapes and colors so well organized. Got them at a Cyber Monday price, so I was doubly pleased."
Perfect for the budding artist!  Big hit !
My granddaughter loved this set. I loved it too because it kept her busy (and not in front of the tv)
"Luckily I purchased this around Christmas when they were selling it cheap. I would never pay full price for this set. I got this for my daughters. I draw for a hobby and they wanted ""professional"" mediums like mommy. I don't think this is even good for them! Considering prior to this purchase I bought  the 28 ct Crayola Oil Pastel and they performed great! The pastels in this kit were not even close to the Crayola oil pastels. The colored pencils barely allowed color on the paper and the water colors were just the same, lacking pigment. Unless you buy this for $5, I wouldn't recommend it at all."
It looked a little cheap but my grandson was happy to have it.
a gift
good
"Oh ! My little one love it so much , and really surprise for him.
Thank you for delivery on time ."
My son loves it!!
Great little set. Great price.
the grandson loves to draw
I love it !
Gift that she loved!
"so like it, but have not open it yet. worth the price."
No paper. What?
"I'm so good ...
First, the child had to give as a birthday gift, goods did not come to give as a birthday gift for birthday date , another small child in order to have a birthday again too good to give as gifts for the upcoming birthday ...... thanks The ..."
"Purchased a personalized one from Walmart for my daughter for Christmas, but it never arrived. So, I purchased this one and bought a personalized vinyl decal with her name. Very cute"
good
I bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter it is a great set she sits for hours and draws and color's.
Nice set with  a lot of variety
Awesome. Great christmas gift for my daughter!
"when i get, i was quite satisfied, while one of my colleagues, who is a mother of 6-year old girl, showed her interests on the set. and then i was happy that the set has its place to go"
ok
Great for the Price
"This is pretty low quality, but I use it when other kids come over so we don't need to use our higher quality and nicer stuff. So it works well for that."
On time. Great for lil artists
Great product! Highly recommend
"Is what I was expecting - thought I have not had a chance to use it yet, I am hoping everything works as it should.."
"She loves, it!"
"Fun art kit for kids, but case is cheaply made. The top started peeling off before I could even wrap it for a birthday party gift. Had to try to glue it back down, which was only mildly successful."
This is a very nice art set.  I bought it for my 7 year old who loves to color and draw.  It has lots of color variations and she loves it!
VERY GOOD!
A well rounded art kit in a nice wooden case.
good
Grnaddaughter loved it for Xmas .
It was a gift for my niece and she loved it!!
My daughter loves it!
My fiance loves it..
My first art set. I plan on learning to paint.
It was a gift that broufh t a big smile.
"This is a nice variety of art supplies, all of fine quality. It's a perfect kit for a beginning artist. The box is high quality and will last a very long time."
good
Gift for an artists friend
Great set. Gave it as a gift and it's very nice.
My Granddaughter loved this.  She really enjoyed having everything in one box and keeps it neat.
"Average

Not really impressive"
Not great quality
Good!
"GREAT BUY FOR THE MONEY, WAS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY 6 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER"
Great product and received promptly.
My granddaughter could not believe her eyes when she opened this art set.  It goes beyond childhood into the more creative and expanded art needs.
This was a christmas gift for my nephew who loves to draw. (He's 10) He was very happy to get his first official art set. There is a great variety of color medium. I think his drawings have even improved since receiving the set. The only reason I knocked off a star is because the case is a little flimsy.
Bought this as a christmas present for a homeless guy standing on the corner so he could add some color to his boring and dull looking sign.
it is ok....like the case
My daughter loves this art set everything is great!
Excellent!  Son loves it!!!
My grandson loved this present.
The oil pastels are fake and the color pencils are very light. Totally not worth your money.
Great
Kids love it
Just what I expected
Good
It's ok for the price
"I bought this for my 8 year old niece. She is an aspiring artist. Its a well-organized kit and keeps her active for hours. She feels like such an older artist with this kit, suits her well. The price was on target for me also!"
"this was a gift, but the reciever loved it completely"
"With this art kit, you get what you pay for. The watercolors are good, but the brushes provided started shedding as soon as I used them. The pastels were pretty much crayons The color pencils were about the same grade as a 24 pack of Crayola. The item was shipped quickly and contained everything so I guess that was a bonus. I would only recommend buying this if its for children or someone who isn't a serious artist."
Wonderful as a gift !!
My artsy granddaughter was excited about getting this - she didn't ask for it but she loves to draw.  Great transaction.
my nephew loves to draw and enjoys this very much. very happy with this purchase and the price.
"Not as good as expect , but acceptable .
Do not buy as a gift ."
Good
"Good product, fast shipping, would order again"
genial
He like it
A good set for young children.
Beautiful
Granddaughter loves it.
This is a wonderful item! My wife loves it!
Have a very artistic nice who was thrilled with the gift.
This was a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves it.
don't like the color pencil
very good
"nice set great price, super fast shipping"
"awesome deal, shipped promptly"
i liked it
Bought as a gift... Recipient liked it
"Awesome for the price, the kids loved it"
"This product should be geared more for people in high school or younger. I can use it, but I just didn't realize how small some the artistic materials. Everything work well."
Bought as gift-- hoping she will like.
Wonderful for the artistic child.
Good.
Purchased as a gift for a 9 year old and they loved it. Come's in a spiffy wooden case (pictured) which is nice touch.
"Ordered this for myself but then thought the items were for a child learning to draw.  Was going to give away, but decided to keep it.  Haven't used it yet."
very good i like so much !
"I bought it because it was on sale during the time. The materials were obviously cheaply made, but what was I expecting, right?"
"I purchased this art set for my niece; and, I'm glad I did.  It has many different colors and methods to apply the hues.  It sells for a great price too!!!"
My daughter loved this set everything she wanted
This is a nice art set for kids. It comes in an attractive box but in my opinion it has too many crayons.
"My children have really enjoyed  these kits.  I bought one for each ot them.  Good quality, and no complaints.  Just be careful of buying jewelry on Amazon."
it is wonderful
Very good buy. Bought for my artist grandson for his birthday in June
great product
Loved it...
"A little smaller then i thought it would be, otherwise met expectations."
Great for the price.
My granddaughter is very artistic and was thrilled to unwrap this Christmas day
Very nice Art Set at a fair price
"Very good starter set for the budding artist. Was very surprise the case was wood, strong and sterts"
Great case!
My daughter got this for a Christmas present and really likes it.
good
Good art set ..its just the plastic piece that holds the art supplies in the wood case fall out every time u close..thats no good it should be glued down..
Prompt shipping and a nice paint set  Very pleased
"I gave this to my granddaughter and she was excited , for she can certainly get a lot of use out of it."
Very good item! like
"The ""Oil Pastels"" are just fat crayons, not at all what was advertised."
We bought this as a Christmas gift for our grandson. He loved it. That is the best recommendation we can give for this art set.
"Bought for the child, he would  liked it"
Poor quality. Disappointed
"A box of pastels, what can I say."
Perfect gift.  Teaches them to take care of their stuff.
Fun!!
more for younger kids like 8 to 12 ish but still will be used by grand daughter
I bought this for my son for Christmas and he loved it.
Very pleased with this product.
"This looks like a good value for the money I spent. I 've not opened it yer, since it is a gift, yet to be given."
"this is the one to buy, especially for an older child; not filled with cheap markers, it is 80 pieces of good stuff; the wooden box is solid and could be decorated and personalized by the artist"
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 7-year-old grandson. He loves to create art, and this was a perfect set for him. The picture of him with his wide eyes and pure joy is one of my favorites from the season.

This kit has everything a young artist needs to stay busy for hours and the case makes it so easy to store the items and take it places. The pencils, colors, paints, and crayons are higher-than-average quality, and all of the accessories make it easy to do a complete project in one sitting without scavenging to find those little items you might need.

The only complaint we have is one of the brads holding the handle onto the wooden (very well-built!) case came out within a day. I will probably buy another of these kits to save back for when my youngest grandson is old enough. The price is an amazing value."
"Gave as gift, they seem to love it though. :)"
case is plastic and cheap-looking.
as described
I did not order this art set
bad quality. I don't  recommend it.
This made for a perfect Christmas present. My kids use it daily.
Gave this as a gift. They loved it. This kit has a bit of everything for those still experimenting with different media. This is a great starter kit for the undecided.
"My grandaughter wanted an oil paint set for Christmas and she was delighted with this gift. She is very artistic and I am glad she got what she wanted & more. There were drawing pencil's, oil crayons, sharpeners, and much more. I am very happy that she is happy!"
Ty
"This is quite a nice set - pastels, crayons, markers, paints, etc. The pieces fit snugly and the outer case is quite durable. My 2 yr old is having a ball with it."
Very nice set for the price. It was perfect for our little artist want to be
a nice set not for everyone has a lot of BIG crayons and other things you don't need if you are not an artist. the most useful things are the color pencils and water colors
Excellent starter kit plus more
This made a great Christmas gift.  The kit looks very professional to help inspire the beginning art student.
Kids love these sets. Lots of options for the young artist.
I purchase this item for my granddaughter and she loves doing art programs with the art set.
Great for the price
"I thought this would be a better art set than it was. It is definitely for the younger crowd, 4-6 I would say although the package says 6+. Wouldn't purchase it for a child older than 6."
"Sent as a Christmas gift thru Today Show so can't really rate.  Reviewed well, so I think I picked good gift."
As advertised and grand daughter loved it
"Pastel,natural,basic colors brushes.eraser
pencils and sharpener. All in one thin nice wooden box."
Got it for my 6 year old. The pencils don't write well. I think it might have been better/cheeper to get each thing individually.
Very nice.
Very nice kit
It was a Christmas present.  They loved it!
Good starter
EXCELLENT!!!
I was unsure because it was such a good deal but very pleased with this kit.  Bought for a very happy 11 year old.
Awesome.
I love this. I got 3 for all my children
Great kit
My daughters boy friend loved them
Great art set!
"While Christmas shopping, this art set popped up as a special deal.  So, I bought it for myself.  It contains everything I wanted and needed for my art hobby and it was priced at a fraction of what it would be in any store."
Quality is low
For the artist in your life this set fills the need.
"great gift, was a big hit very nice case and lots of great things inside"
The children love this. I would recommend it.
This was a gift and the recipient was happy with it.
My granddaughter loves it.
Very Complete this set.
"Really a very nice diverse set in wood case, excellent value."
My 6 year old loves it. It's not top quality but a great starter set for his age.
Came fast and my daughter love it
Dissappointing
Bought about 6 of these to give as gifts for Chanukah (ages ranging from 3 to 7). The kids loved them! The case is really cute and sturdy as well.
"Lots of cool stuff for artists. I got two of these one for each of two of my nieces. They love it, it has a lot of different types of things that are of good quality, makers, pastels, etc for creating various types of art."
The three year old girl who received this for Christmas was very happy with it.
MY MINI ARTIST IS HARD AT WORK IN CORDOVA TN.FIRE WORK.S OF COLOR.
Very nice for a young girl
I ordered this for Christmas and found out someone had already gifted one similar so I stopped shipment before it said shipped.  Unfortunately it was still too late to stop so Amazon gave me a refund for it.  Quality of case is nice and everything inside looked good too.
This was a gift and the young lady was delighted.
My daughter love it.
Good selection of colors and forms of drawing material.
It actually ended up being something that was not needed. Returned it.
I purchased this for my 7year old granddaughter who loves to draw and is very creative. She loves it! She has two households and she can take it wherever she is and keep her art supplies all in place
good
Grat
A
"I'm from China, and the package ist wonderful:)"
nice starter kit..
"Really nice artist set for the blooming artist. I don't know how well it would wok for an adult, but for a teen or preteen it's perfect."
Very nice for the $.
My friend's daughter was delighted with this gift. Thank you.
"For an adult granddaughter, an artist.  She loves having the extra colors and brushes.  Made a great Christmas gift."
"All very nice quality, and the case is wonderful!  My granddaughter loves it."
The colors r very waxy and hard to color with
good
Great gifts. Kids love them
Well worth the price. I bought it for my 2 year old even though it says 6 years. It's great because it's organized. I don't have to be concerned about the bob being damaged. She loves it because it has so many colors. I love it.
This is a good starter kit to see if your child likes to do art projects and was a good price.
A++++
"A set of very good brush, as a gift, please don't use professional eye look at it"
"Great gift for all ages, everything you need to make your own watercolor pictures, nice and neat real wood case that closes with a sturdy handle for carrying place to place too."
Bought two for my 12 & 13 year old granddaughters. Good value and product with excellent shipping. Good introduction to art set for them.
"not very ""deluxe"" if you ask me. very basic."
very good!!!
"The 9 year old is busy, busy, busy drawing and painting."
very nice artist set for a beginner
Good new year gift. I think children will be happy to see it.
"Terrible terrible product!  I was EXTREMELY disappointed in the lack of quality of both the art supplies and the case.  The latch broke on the very first day after only opening twice. The ""art"" supplies inside are of the poorest quality I've ever seen.  My daughters are only 10 and 8 and they recognized right away these were not the type of art supplies they were really looking for.  Really disappointed I wasted my money buying one for each child.  Not worth it!"
cheap product
Great for the young artist.
"Disappointed in this product. I expected a more professional look. Product was cheap in appearance. Not at
All as pictures or described."
fast delivery and the kids love them. Thank You
"My daughter is happy with it, so I'm happy."
keyi
"A gift for my church member,who love to draw.  She said it was a wonderful gift."
"Cheap plastic case and low quality markers, crayons, etc. Good for any child that just likes to color, just not an 8 yr old that is REALLY into art. Glad I purchased a second one from Michael's that is MUCH better!"
My grandson loved it.
Shipping on time great art set pls buy
"Very nice art set for a child. Nice wood box, well packaged."
My great grandson really liked this gift.
"The artist box is nice but after giving it to my grandchild I realized it only contained ""fat"" crayons and needed more sizes of paint brushes. But I am speaking of advanced child with  art talant. Other wise it was a good purchace."
I Bought this for a christmas gift but did not give it to anyone because it was so babyish. Not deluxe at all.
"There is a full set, and my nephew loves it, but the utensils write very light, you can hardly see the colors."
My 2 artist are very thrilled with their new art case. They are having a blast discovering all they can do.
good little outfit my grandaughter loved it...thanks all.
This is a very nice set for my 6 year old.  The handle was not attached but 2 minutes with a Phillips screwdriver fixed that
Everything you need for a beginner artist
Great !
Excellent quality!!  Granddaughter loves it!!!  Amazon made my Christmas shopping very easy!!!  I highly recommend amazon.com
"My 2 grandsons were so thrilled to get these art sets and art books. The oldest one took his art kit to school with him on Friday. He has been freehand drawing the pictures out of The Boys Guide to Drawing Cool Stuff.
The younger brother loves to color in the Art For Kids: The Only Drawing book... His mom takes the pictures and copies them for him to color. Love it!!"
"Nice set, good quality."
I bought this art set for my grand Daughter as a Christmas gift and she loves it.
Very useful drawing and coloring set!
Nice set for our 8 year old to learn to draw and paint.  Would work equally well for adults.
This is NOT IN A NICE CASE OR A WOODEN CASE!!!!! I feel like the reviews are for a different product. It is a cheap plastic thin cover and the supplies are not nice!! VERY disappointed and it was a gift for a friend's child .. so also a little EMBARRASED!!!!
"Not that impressed with this art kit. I don't think that there is enough of a variety of mediums for the price. There are pastel pencils, oil pastels and watercolors. Have I forgotten anything? I don't think so. My kids aren't enjoying the colored pencils because they're complaining about the leads being too hard. I have to agree.  I have an art kit of my own and everything in it is much better quality and there are many more mediums to choose from. Not a good value for the price."
My dauhter is 8 and loved this set. Only downfall is that the crayons are almost all light pastel colors
My daughter loves it.
the materials aren't good quality. The case is nice.
"Great Christmas gift, my nice loves it"
"Ordered this set for a toy drive for homeless children and it was a hit! Everyone thought I had spent hundreds on it when in reality it was very cheap. Even with all this technology, kids love will always love simple toys and games."
great!!!!
Nice :)
fine
case is great!
Great item
"Another good product. My grand kid loves it and just cant put it down This makes me Happy.
Will definitely purchase from this company again"
Nice but the case is really cheap
Lots of FUN in a nice little wooden box...
"grandchild ""likes"" it"
Packaged well. My daughter loved this as her Christmas present.
"I was disappointed in this, not what I expected....  everything fell out especially the glue on the paints... very cheap case...."
"not really good quality supplies, will give to my granddaughter"
great! as described and delivered on time!
"Couldn't beat it for the price.  Lots of options and colors.  Kids loved it.  All my friends' kids had a great time coloring with it, and the parents all wanted to get a set.  Only knock is the marker caps are tough to remove sometimes."
Bought this for my friends daughter who is very gifted when it comes to drawing.  She truly has produced some fantastic images and works from this box of colors
Great
poor quality
VERY NICE AND PACKED WELL
great
"Perfect! Great Product, Great Seller, Will use again!"
"Very low quality.  The ""pastels"" are low grade crayons.  The pencils don't work well.  Don't know about the paints.  My ten year old asked if it was made in China (lol.).  I'm sure it was. ...but a lot of high quality items come from China.  This isn't one of them.  I might as well of burned my money."
"Arrived with a small knick in the wood case.  Not to much as a big deal, as it is a gift for a younger child and will soon have others I'm sure, but it would have received 5 stars if there had been no knick."
This was a gift for Tots for Tots.  I was proud to give it!
"I wanted to like it more. It's not bad, not at all. But if I had looked closer at the photos I would have chosen a different item. My child loves it and it's used often."
My daughter loved this gift for Christmas. She's excited about all the options.  I wish the powdered paints were spaced further apart to lesson the chance for spillage when you add water and paintbrush.  Otherwise a nice set for the money.
This was a great art kit at a very reasonable price.  We got it as a gift for our 10 year old granddaughter and she loved it.
Children like it very much.
Excelent!!
Really nice for the price!
My daughter loved it
Christmas present - was well received. Seemed like a good buy to me.
Good art set for the price. The watercolors don't pop out and break like most do in other art sets I've purchased. We especially like the solid wooden carrying case.
Great quality for the price!
It will do for my kids...but not it's definitely not high quality.  Not bad for the price though.
My twin granddaughters love this art kit. Has everything included they wanted & them some.
A gift and it was wonderful
We were very satisfied with the purchase and the quality of the art supplies
Very good my granddurer like it
"There seem to be mixed reviews on this product because they group the reviews for four different sets (120 Piece, 131 piece, 68 piece, and 80 piece).  Despite all being from Darice the quality seems hugely different among sets.
We have the Darice 120-Piece Deluxe Art Set.  My husband gave it to my 6 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it, but it if were up to me I'd return it due to terrible quality(I can't believe he paid $20 for it).  The crayons are poor quality, a box of Crayolas would be better and a lot cheaper.  The ""oil pastels"" are just short, unsharpened crayons(of the same poor quality).  The water colors do not stay in their spots and constantly fall out.  The scissors are tiny (smaller than our child sized scissors) and made entirely of plastic.  The markers and colored pencils are dollar store quality.  The plastic case seems like it will crack and shatter before too long.  For about $5 it might be a good deal to give to a kid in the K-2 range, but at $20 it was a ripoff and whoever made up the ""List Price of $69.95"" is just lying or crazy.
Amazon should really separate the reviews for these 4 items.  Grouping them together is very misleading."
The quality is not as much as I expected. But it is sufficient for the kids.
My Grandaughter loved it.
Daughter loved this for christmas
A gift for my nine year old granddaughter.  It was all either of us wanted.
Very nice art set. Worth every penny.
Granddaughter who is 7 yrs old loved this.
I got this for my grandson for Christmas.  He loves it and uses it often
Very nice. Christmas gift.
"Overall poor quality. I paid $11 for the 80 pc. set and it wasn't worth it. The biggest problem was the ""Oil Pastels"" that were literally just cheap wax crayons and the reason I chose the set. Colored pencils and watercolors were not much better. The box looks nice at least."
Purchased for my 5 year old nephew. He's used this a few times and really likes it. It will be good for him to use on school projects.
Almost too many colors to work with!  Great variety of colors and mediums.  Sturdy wooden case great for traveling.
awesome
Great to develop and nurture a child creativity.
"High quality eraser was noted by the recipients of this as a gift. A nice variety of paints and art tools. A nice storage box and so overall, I was very pleased with this as a gift giving item."
Have yet to use it but it has lots of stuff to be creative with.
"this is sweet, and I saw a similar one at Michaels for about 2x the price."
"got this for my granddaughter, she loves it.."
"I BOUGHT THIS ART SET FOR A GIFT AND THE PERSON THAT RECEIVE IT WAS DELIGHTED WITH THE GIFT.
THANKS SO MUCH."
great for my little artist in the family
"I went back and forth between four and five stars with this. I wanted to give it four because what's included is not the highest quality art supplies I've ever encountered, but I eventually went with five because I'm pretty sure that's the point. I mean when we bought this 80 piece set, it was on sale for like $12. What more can you ask for? It comes with a nice variety of art equipment - really nice drawing pencils, colored pencils, pastels, paints, etc. The case is nice and sturdy and holds everything in place very well. Thus far I've used the drawing pencils, colored pencils, and pastels and found them all more than satisfactory, although I will say I prefer Crayola colored pencils to the ones provided in this case. I do like that they're organized by color group though - that's pretty cool. I'm not an artist and don't require or expect the highest quality supplies, and even I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this set was. I think you actually get MORE than you pay for in this case, and therefore I find it worth the price! Enjoy!"
Gift son love it.
crayons don't work well. poor quality materials inside. better to go with crayola brand products for this sort of thing.
Handle was broken when it arrived
"purchased this kit for our 7 year old and wouldn't purchase again. although kit comes with nice case, erasers and even sine nice watercolor cakes the oil pastels which should be semi soft and blendable are actually wax crayons.... and not even very vibrant crayons at that! Perhaps we are biased being an artsy family but I would not recommend this set as described... the colored pencils are of poor quality as well, a basic set of crayolas  have more color saturation per stroke.
  if you buy this set you are essentially buying a case to fill with other brand supplies,  which may still be worth it considering the water colors are pretty nice. But make sure to pick up some additional pencils and oil pastels to complete the set along with a heavy paper art pad."
It is easy to storeVery convenient to carry
Great set. Quick shipping
Perfect gift for my 9 year old niece.
Satisfied
"Awesome, bought as a gift for child. They loved it!"
My 8-year old twin niece loved this gift for Christmas!
"Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas. She loves it, but I was a little disappointed with the quality of the art set. This was expected, though, given the price. Regardless, the tools work well and she was happy, so I'm happy."
"It's a good basic set. My 9 year old daughter is just starting to get interested in art. She likes to do little fashion and make-up sketches and this is pretty good for that. She was a little disappointed that there weren't more ""flesh"" tones in the pencils, and I think she would have preferred a set of markers rather than the water color cakes, but that's just personal preference. It certainly isn't professional grade supplies, but it fits our needs. It has a nice putty eraser and sand paper for pencil sharpening. A blending tool for the pastels would have improved my rating."
"Grandaughter loved it, but I found a bigger one at WalMart less expensive."
Very Nice Deluxe Art Set!
"Bought 2 for grandchildren, they both think they are terrific"
My little sisters fell in love with this set!
nice
Gave as a gift and they loved it! Good art set!
"This was a gift for my 9 year old daughter. She loves to draw, sketch, etc. She absolutely loves it. For the price, we can't complain."
This is nice for the price! Beautiful case. Looks like professional art set.
Nice Christmas Gift.
Great
Great gift for the budding artist. Lots of options and colors all in one location.
markers are impossible to open.very poor quality
Bought 3... Granddaughters loved it.....
"Good quality, very pleased."
"I should have read closer, oil based paints probably weren't the best for my 7 year old granddaughter but with close supervision I think it will be ok. otherwise very nice case & overall a good purchase."
I got this on sale for about $10 and for that price it's good.  I was disappointed to find the case was made from a flimsy plastic but again for $10 I'm ok with that.
"cheap price, expect cheap, anyway good for the buck, good for kids and starters or curious about painting or ilustration."
Grandchild loved it!
"My 5-year old grand daughter loved it. Her mother claims that the amount of ""refrigerator art"" has picked
up drastically."
Daughter loved it great deal
Ther price was super right!  Young artists NEVER have enough art supplies!
An excellent gift for any age.  The case makes it easy to keep everything together.
We gave this to my fiancee's twin brother. He loves it (he's 29)!
Is what it says but not great
Great price with great items and a place to keep them together!  My 9yr old girl loved it and has been making uslots of art since it arrived.  Guess it makes it better since the case it actual wood rather than cardboard or plastic like everything else.  Perfect
Great set!
Its okay for the price. I found the case is kinda cheap looking but in their defense they do offer a much better case with the bigger purchases. At the end of the day my son was pleased.
"I have bought two set of products, one of the box has missed 4 watercolor pens, another one is OK, why this happen???

The quality is not good."
The more general
"At that price, it's a large, colorful, impressive kit for a small child.  Ours really liked it and got a lot of use out of the markers and some of the other drawing tools.

If you are considering buying it for a serious adult artist, let the fact that it costs about 10c per item and has plastic scissors tell you what age it is appropriate for."
"Our 11 year old grandaughter loved it, and has been using it for days"
good
Was great
Excellent and delivered as described!
Good
Poor quality for the money
20 days and lost 1/131
Awesome
"My 8 year old loved it, but would like a regular eraser rather than the white one.  It did not work well on the pencils."
"very nice,thanks"
"bought these for gifts for Christmas, everyone enjoyed them and they were pleased receiving them for gifts.  Like the wood case!"
I like it
Great product at a great price. My niece loved it.
Well received as part of a gift.
Great quality
"Such a great bunch of stuff in a medium quality range, for young art enthusiasts. Not so expensive that you'll freak out when they leave pieces and parts all over the house."
Good fast
"My daughter, love's this deluxe art set"
Wonderful for our 2 budding artists.
"Excellent value for young artist kids, the hit of the Christmas toy pile."
This art set could have had more pieces for the price
Granddaughter loved it. I even got the first picture drawn with it. Its hanging o my wall now.
Great deal my daughter loved quality is high
"Bought on CyberMonday.  Gift for our 7 yr. old neighbor girl.  She was thrilled to have the set.  Well put together for a beginning art set.  Case is well made, sturdy."
Arrived on time kids loved it
great fun for my granddaughter.
Awesome product!
Great price fast shipping good overall
"The option for the items inside is great. However, the wood box was broken when we received it and the crayons are hard to get out of their slots. This would be great for an older child but is fine for my three-year-old with supervision. Only reason I'm giving it two stars is because it was broken when I received it."
Grand daugther loved it
"This is a nice large neatly put together in a nice box set of crayons, paints and colored pencils. Bought it as a gift and I'm considering on buying this for me to."
"Very nice set! The price is good, and quality too) Perfect as gift for kids!"
Nice beginners art kit. It has more than some of the more expensive ones.
Pretty upset that the contents arrived with the crayon broken and the paint pots cracked.
Great buy.
It had everything that my son wanted to be able to draw.
I bought this for my 9 yr. old daughter.  She loves it!!  It has a lot of markers and pastels and colored pencils and other things.  All of them are good quality.
great
2 pre teen boys loved this
Fantastic gift for a little artist over the holidays.
Granddaughter loves to draw. And she's good for only being 11
worth what we paid.
Art is art my 11 year old loved this gift
Bought two for Granddaughters. Everything stays in place nicely and they were thrilled.
My 10 year old Loves this set. It has everything an amateur artist needs to make great drawings. Be sure to get a sketch book with it.
"Great product, great price"
"Im not that mad about the product but i think the following:
1) The lead of the pencils HB AND 2B ARE SO BAD! they breack a lot. and also they don't work as a drawing pencil should work im really good at drawing and i take this serius ,IT DOESNT WORK!
2)The color pencils are cheap and bad! crayola have better color pencils ,but i will alway choose prismacolor
3) the oil pastel are good ,they are ok anthey do work properly
4) the water colors are really good they work also good as well
Thats what i think about"
Great options & price. Our niece loved it.  Case is rather plain but could be decorated with contents inside.  Light weight but bulky.
Great
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Darice-80-Piece-Deluxe-Art-Set/dp/B002NZJ4L6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set</a>
I don't understand why this product has so many good reviews. i believe they must be paid reviews. Because this product is terrible. See my experience with it, below.
I was extremely disappointed by this art set, and actually, embarrassed that I gave it as a christmas gift to two deserving young children. The ""oil pastels"" are not pastels at all, but rather some vastly inferior type of waxy substance that barely makes a mark. While I was hardly expecting professional or even super high quality, I was expecting at least medium good quality for the ratings this product has gotten from others. The ratings this art set has received, despite its terrible quality, is evidence, to me, that many of the reviews on here must have been paid for by the manufacturer. I feel like my money has been poured down the toilet. Please don't waste your money on this crappy art set. Rather take the money you would have spent and just buy one real art item, like a decent watercolor set, or a small set of real oil pastels. Don't make the mistake I made."
"excellent price,fast shipping, item as described"
Great collection of art supplies in a arranged box.
Good... But I would not recommend
Grand Daughter loves it.
"Ok for young kids, not for serious artists"
"My granddaughter, 11, was thrilled with this art set.  She said it had everything she needed."
Christmas gifts for children.
excellent
good purchase
this is one of the great bargains in history. the box alone is worth more than 10 bucks. it's great
Nice selection of drawing materials & paint. Good quality for the price.
my daughter loves it
Very Nice Order no problems
Great set & price. Really like the wood box it comes in
generally good but the paint brushes were rubbish
The kids loved the art box.
great deal
"Great product, I would liked it more if it would had some coloured pens as well."
Kind of cheap. But it was cheap.  The scissors broke in 5 minutes.  Overall it is not great. Don't recommend it
Perfect beginner kit for someone who wants to draw. I bought this for my son.
Grand daughter loved it!
It is okey.
"A very good set for a young artist, or any one for that matter. My grand daughter  loves it."
wonderful~~~~
"So many ,my son like it."
Nice art set in a wooden box. Good quality and value.
I have not broke itIt seems well
"I purchased 3 sets for Granddaughters 11,9,&7.
They loved them"
perfect thank you
made in china
I ordered 2 they were gifts the girls loved them
Very nice for the price my nephew loves it
I bought this for a gift exchange. The price was right and the person who got it just loves it. It's professionally packed and comes in a nice wooden box.
for my niece
GIRLS LOVE IT.
Amazing! This was indeed worth the prize.
"For $12, great deal!"
This was something my son asked Santa for Christmas he wanted to be like his dad and he just loves using it now him and his dad sit at tge table together and draw great first art set for child
Wonderful!
Pencils and crayons are great. Paints are not so good. The carrying case is nice and my 5 year old artist loves this set.
"Way to small for the grandkids.  I am returning this set.  However, I would have given this more stars but they are charging me for shipping on the return."
"Great beginner palette for a budding artist. I gave this to niece for Christmas and she was ecstatic about all the possibilities she could create with all the paints, crayons, pencils, etc.."
great
"Our six-year-old granddaughter was soooo excited with this gift. If all goes well, acrylics are next."
"Good deal, lots of stuff for a cheap price. I bought three of these for my 3 nieces. They love them. this art kit is normally 49.99. During black Friday they had them for 11 bucks.  Not bad at all for the price."
it was a hit!
My 6 year old loved it.
great product!
Bought for my granddaughter who is just showing interest in art.  She loved it and started using it immediately.
Typically standard art kit.
This is an amazing art set for a budding artist. Our 5 year old loves it! Each art component has a nice storage compartment. You also can't beat the price. It is regularly $39.99 but on sale for $10.99! There must be excess inventory. I highly recommend this product.
Awesome Value great product. Grandson Loves it
My granddaughter was thrilled.
"The art supplies in it are great, the box was a disapointment.  The paper was glued to it and hard to get off.  There are a couple areas that something like screws are pushing through and some pretty big marks on it."
Great for a starting artist. My daughter loves it
Bought this recently for my daughter as a Christmas present and it was really sad and disappointing cause the markers were all dried out and couldn't write anything.
perfect
"My 6 year old daughter who loves to draw, is getting a lot of use with this kit."
Nice variety set to give as a gift!  I purchased more than 1.  Arrived on time for Christmas.
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDSON. IT ARRIVED ON TIME IN A NICE WOOD BOX WITH A METAL HANDLE. HE LOVES IT! YES I WOULD ORDER THIS AGAIN.
Wooden case is cheap and the latches already broke after opening once. The art supplies seem ok though.
Pretty good. The scissors broke straight away and he wasn't being rough with them. But he is enjoying the kit.
"has everything your budding artists needs
the only thing that would make this better is if it could fit a sketch pad inside"
You pay what you get.
Grand kid love it.
Fantastic
Thanks for a very nice item
Both my kids (10 & 12) LOVED their art kit & got them for a steal as well!
"I bought this for my niece for Christmas and she loved it! It has a few different art mediums to play with, and comes in a really nice wooden box. I wouldn't recommend this for older kids/adults because it's not the best quality to use, but for younger kids it's great! A really nice set for the price!"
"nice set,many piece for children"
Great.
my daughter screamed with excitement she loves her art set
Good quality. Nicely made. Good value for the price paid.
"This was a horrible art set. The quality is really poor, the crayons are waxy, the pastels don't even work and the market caps are so hard to get off I had to aske my husband to do it.  But what could I expect for $9.  I bought it for a gift but for something else instead and gave this to my 3yr old."
"Bought a few of these for the children as gifts, they love too color and be organized."
The colored pencils and crayons color so light that they barely show up on paper. The case and contents look very impressive BUT they just don't do the job very well at all.
Variety
gift for the homeless kids
"Purchased in: 2014.

Quantity: 2.

Size: 80 Piece Set.

Bought for: My two nieces, as a gift.

Pros: The Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set is an awesome gift to give to any girl who is in middle school and down. There are plenty of coloring items to choose from, and it is way better quality than Crayola. The price is affordable.

Cons: The 80 piece set costs more than the 131 piece set. Huh?

Overall: I really liked this purchase, and so did my nieces! They loved it so much! I will definitely consider buying this item or something similar from this seller again.

Shipping/Handling: The item arrived on time, in new condition, and with no problems. Thank you."
Disappointed in how cheap this looked and felt. Wish I could have returned it but I didn't have time to do it before Xmas and pick another one as it was a gift for my nephew. I was embarrassed to be giving it to him and bought an extra present to compensate for this cheap looking gift.
THE BEST GIFT FOR A SCHOOL KID
Great for a little kid... Not a super nice set but perfect for my five year old daughter
kids loved them
I got it for a Christmas present for my great granddaughter .
"Purchased this item as a gift for one of my nieces for Xmas and she was so stoked to receive the gift. With 131 piece art set she should be painting and drawing master pieces for awhile. Very pleased Amazon kept their promise of delivery before Xmas.
Thank you."
"Pretty chintzy, but great for my 9-year-old budding artist."
Great deal!
It was a gift and the person loved it. May get one for myself
So much art stuff!
Not super high quality but my seven year old is stoked and doesn't know the difference ;).
Great gift
My daughter loves art and has many expensive paints and easel boards but this is a nice box to just take outside with sketch pad and let your imagination go wild.  It has all the necessary materials right inside the nice carry box.
"Same feeling put long, very pale, not very good!"
Nice set and priced well
Bought the set for my granddaughters to use at art time at home. A very nice kit with loads of supplies.
My son is 32 and an artist. He loves this!
Every thing is ok
"It's a nice comprehensive art kit for a young child.  But the snaps that close the case, broke within minutes of opening.  So if you were hoping for a nice case, like I was, to keep everything together then keep searching."
"Horrible, horrible quality."
Good for price!
"My step daughter loves this!  Got it for her birthday! Uses it all the time!!! Had everything in it and very good quality and actually not a children's item at all,  just happened to be what she wanted."
Super awesome value.
Great item
"Thanks so much for the many options, the item got delivered before the actual day of delivery and my child loves this art set so much. Thanks Amazon!!"
Gift
Gift for my daughter and she loved it.  Wood case with handle ....
very nice artist set* bought this for our 8 year old and were very impressed with the quality for the price* good choice for young children who are budding artists*
very good
KIDS LOVED THE ART SETS
There is no way this item has a value of $69.99.  I bought it for $6.95 and that is the most that it is valued at.  Walmart sells it all the time for $7.51.  The quality is very low and I am just glad that my 9 year old was happy with it.
very nice
It's nicemy daught love it cery much.
Great value. My grand nephews loved it.
"Bought this for my 5 year old grandson - he is already showing artistic talent.  He loves it.  Best of all, he can carry it around, take it on trips.  Good present for the artistic."
The latch came broken. Poor quality. Don't waste your money.
Horrible. The worst quality product I have ever purchased. Most of the crayons do not color. Colored pencils also will not color. Amazon should not sell these anymore!!!!
"What a nice set of art supplies in a really cute wooden case. My son really loved the 80 piece Deluxe  art set we gave him for Christmas. He specialized in art in college, and I was hoping this would inspire him to get back in touch with his creative side. He loves this set, and said he had so many ideas to start. He especially loved the oil pastels."
Great for your beginning artist and fair priced
Great buy for the grandson
Great for children!
not bad~
The grandchildren were very pleased with it and we couldn't have been happier. We were so thankful it arrived on time and safely packaged
My son loves it.
I love the art set has everything I needed for doodling. The case is very durable.
Love the case it comes in! I haven't opened it but I know my niece will love it
Bad quality
Good condition
paints were broken and some of the pencils were broken
ty everything is good.
Its what its advertised but I had in my mind it would be bigger. Box is good for price. but picture doesn't show proper handle.....
"more than expected--would buy over and over

the age is  6 and over---well into young teens"
"neat little set for less than $10, was going to give away but decided to keep it, sorry!"
"I bought this as a Santa gift for my daughter.  Totally happy with the contents.  There aren't any markers, which I prefer.  Sets like these often contain dried out markers.  The wooden box is certainly a nice touch - much nicer than the plastic case these types of sets usually come in.  My only complaint (and its really quite petty) is that the paper label was glued to the wooden box.  I would have preferred tape or some other easily removable adhesive.  At my house, Santa gifts have all the packaging and labels removed before they're wrapped (the elves aren't going to bother with packaging and labels in the workshop, right???!!!).  I had to scrub the adhesive residue off of this box.  Still looks good!"
Will ne able to draw some great pictures now
"Pen a lot, but the quality is very poor, ballpoint pen looks very hard, a lot of writing is not clear"
exactly what I thought I was going to purchase!
looks super wonderful for my niece! part of her gift for christmas since she loves to doodle!
Worth buying!
"Kids love it
Fun for them all day with the bonus of frig. Art"
It's a great children's set
Has everything; the colors are wonderful.
"It's ok.  It looks pretty cheap. Haven't opened it yet though because it is a Christmas present for my son, but it looks like it is made of cheap materials."
"It looks nice in a case but everything is cheap. I returned it right away because the markers didn't even look like they would last a week and the rest were restaurant free looking crayons and some really short pencils.. Because the markers were odd shaped, you wouldn't be able to replace them with other markers. The best thing  in the box is the pastels. You would be better off buying a case that holds your current items."
The grandkids loved this set.  I brought it as a gift for them to have something for drawing and writing
Waste of money... I don't recommend. Items are of low quality...
gave as a birthday gift to the next door neighbors son who is being home schooled and this helped him with the art portions of his schooling
"Purchased for a friend in college who loves to doodle.  I was very disappointed that the label on the front says ""KIDS ART SET"" -- while no where in the description did it call it a ""Kids set"" -  I think it was misrepresented."
Product as expected
Ordered multiples of these for the grandkids.  They loved it!
"Clip tab for box broke instantly. Paint pieces fell out, the tiny glue dot surprisingly wasn't enough to hold them in place. Crayons & eraser break very easily. overall quality is very poor."
Just as in the picture.  Very nice selection of colors.
Very Good Quality.
reallly good! My daughter love it so much!
Exactly what my daughter wanted.
Very nice.
Great little kit for my 7 year old.
perfect gift
"Mostly just a marker kit, but worth the price."
Great quality!
Great value!!
This item claimed it was an expensive worth around $60 and was marked down. It was the cheapest set of art supplies ever. Seems like false advertising to me
MY WIFE WAS VERY PLEASED WITH IT
nice size
Very Nice Love It
it was fine
Very nice and a great gift for kids!
"pretty good, a lil childish in person but my friend loved it all the same"
Wonderful for my grandchildren.
I bought this for my boys who like to paint and draw from time to time. For the price it is a good set however I was somewhat disappointed by the quality of the case. The wood Frame is very thin and light. Also the casing where The color pencils fit in or not secure at all and are made of very cheap plastic. Again overall just the selection itself is worth the money.
It's very good. my son like it very much!
my neice loved it
Seems slightly cheap. Pay attention to the size specs. Item was smaller than I expected.
Great bargain for the young artist!
Nice art set!
It was a gift that was loved the minute she opened it.
Package was stolen.
It was great! Tyvm
"Good little art set, oil pastels were a great selling point."
received as described.
Piece of junk but 7 year old I got it for loves it.
Nice complete art set.
"I bought it for my daughter as a new-year present. What's amazing is when I open the package ,my father and mother run into love with the nice box and a whole set of colorful paniting! It really bring a bounch of glee to my family! So I ordered another 3 sets for my friends"
beautiful
Perfect gift for my nine year old!
my baby loved it
Very poor quality supplies within the kit not worth the price even on sale.
my 6 year old niece loves it. keeps her plenty busy too.my sister has said everything seems of decent quality unlike what others have said.
"The markers are a worry as this is an Angel Tree Gift, but overall appears to be a really nice art set as a young lady requested.  Thanks Amazon for having just what I wanted at an affordable price!"
I like it!
Awesome
Beautiful
I'm very happy with my purchase!
"Great gift for Christmas! Great price, Fast shipping! Many thanks..."
My fourth grader friend absolutely loved this art set.
My son will love this item.
Something very bad
Good!
gift don't know yet
Great set..!!
"Came before schedule.  Label on front did not come off easily.  This is a gift from Santa, so now I have to find a way to get the label off."
Great
Cheap!
good
excellent thing
great buy
Received product promptly.
"this was also a birthday gift for my son. He loved it. Great price, delivery as promised"
"my dought like it very much,the picture is colorful!"
It is very good gift for my boy and he love it so much!
"This is a very nice art set. It was package very well.  The case it is in is so nice. There are so many different colors, and each one has it own holding space.  I bought this as a gift.  I know the little one I bought it for will be thrilled.  I would recommend this."
as advertized
CHRISTMAS GIFT!
very good
Really liked it
i like it
a+
"Nice box and set, seems like a great gift."
Great gift for young beginner artists
product is OK items in the set don't last long though but i did know this when i purchased it and it was for my two year old so it did her justice
This was a good little art set for the price!
Gave it to Toys for Tots Campaign!
"Great product,great price. Was a good kids gift. Fast shipping."
came in a very cheap plastic case. not what i expected.
thanks
Why does everything look bigger in photos than they are?
"I like the Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set because it has nice quality. It also has many colors to choose from pastel, basic, and natural. The only dislike is it's not as big as it shows, but other than that it is great."
This comes in a nice wood case.  My daughter is going to LOVE this set.  It really is a beautiful set and will help her to keep her art materials organized.
Beautiful
fine
The person I bought this for loved it!
My nieces love it
"My kid loves it very much, i will buy it again."
My niece love it.
Nice set...
My goddaughter will love it. I am sure.
A gift for my wife...for Christmas.
Given as a gift.  I would assume well received.
I was impressed with the quality of the supplies for the price. Great art set for any level. And the wood case is great for storing it when done.
loved it
I can't wait to give this to my 5 year old nephew for Christmas!
"WAS ENJOYED BY MY GRANDSON
HE FELT IN LOVE WITH IT"
Good Work. Thank you.
"I bought two of this for our friend's kids.  I didn't open them yet, but they look great from the outside."
My nephew loved this!!
Got this on a lightning deal and have a nephew that will use this often.
THIS WAS GREAT TY....
endless fun and creativity
"Took 4 days to receive from order date which included the weekend. Looks great! Bought as a gift for my boyfriends sister, cant wait to see her use it."
"This is a very impressive looking display in a handsome box.  The scissors however are a total waste and can cut nothing and came apart immediately.  My grandson was disappointed with that since he would love to get his hands on working scissors, but he enjoyed the water colors.  The magic markers seemed a little dry but we only tried one or two of them.  The ruler looks very flimsy but not as bad as the scissors.  There's a lot to work with in this set.  Wish I could have been with him long enough to try out more of it."
"Perfect for my grandson who loves to draw, paint and just create art."
"As an adult, these pieces of color pens are not high quality. As a kid, this is a very good gift, colorful pens, lots of choices. This is what i want. Considering the joy of the kids, this is definitly an amazing gift."
the price was great
Horrible quality materials
"Thank you so much for prompt delivery, after was set lost from door side. My grandson is happy, I am also happy, then my promises are not  just empty words, great product for starting artists"
My daughte love it. She like drawing on the journey
"The crayons were terrible, the markers dried out sooo quickly. The paint was the only thing that lasted and worked well."
"The back of the case has a small Crack in it, but other than that minor issue, all of the pieces were there and I'm sure my daughter will love this for Christmas."
"OK, this is definitely for kids... It's poor quality - but that's not surprising considering the very low price. But a few things are annoying: The oil pastels and the crayons are made of the exact same material. Both are poorly made, and as someone else here mentioned, the crayons are inferior to Crayola crayons. So, instead of providing the same crayons in a different shape and labeling them ""oil pastels"" (cause they're definitely NOT oil pastels), they could have simply provided a wider range of colors for crayons. Secondly, the watercolor are crap... really crap. Don't even get me started on those. On the brighter side though, the markers are quite good. They are perfect for small hands and the colors are bright. Overall, this is a gift for a child who's just beginning art and wants to try different materials - and as a gift it looks nice. But after using a while, you'll want to graduate to better quality materials, like Crayola."
exelent
"This is a very nice set for a child's gift or anyone that likes to draw.  It's a good price for what all is included.  As usual, Amazon got it to us very quickly."
good for christams gifts
Packaged well and I'm sure our 11 yo will love it. Bought it on sale as wouldn't have paid full retail price for it.
best for the price - my 6 yrs old daughter is using almost everyday.
Bought this for my niece. She is an artist who designs her own clothes and this kit had everything she needed.
"good, they are gifts for our children."
good
"This painting tools is to help a good friend of children to buy, she said yesterday: the son of love it, love"
Very nice package. Would buy again!
"Very cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for."
"I bought two of these to give to my young niece and nephew.  I think everyone should explore their artistic and creative abilities and this set is a great way to do that.  I am going to caution their mother to remove the oil pastels and save them until the kids are older because they are 5 and 3 and the oils pastels look like they will be messy and can stain.  The kit does say it is for six years old and older but I still liked the rest of the kit so I figured they will still love the kit, minus the oil pastels."
nice
nice set for price
"Cheap, a lot of quantity, but the quality is very general, brush with a pungent taste."
Great gift for a kid.
My great-granddaughter loved it
"The Art set was delivered on time. It is well packed and protected. When I purchased it, this set was at a great price (on sale) for only $11. I plan on giving this to my niece as her 8 year old birthday gift in July. I am sure she will love it."
Poor quality
awssome
Can't beat the price.
Purchased as a gift.  Item was exactly as described.
Cute cheap gift but not very good quality.
"Bought for my girlfriend for Christmas and it was just as described, I hope she'll love it!"
Great for encouraging the pre-teen to continue their artistic talents!  Nice carrying case...looks like a young professional case!
Great presents for aspiring young artists to start with.
"quality of the product isn't great, next time i will be going to get a more of a brand name product."
"It doesn't tell you what each item is for especially if you're not an art major.  But its a fantastic art supply box to have, sincerely for the price.  It's a bargain."
The grandchild loved it.
"Gave to Grand babies, ages 7&8, great for that age.  Would like a more durable set for adults. The case is very light plastic. Wonderful colors."
"This is great , the kids will keep busy for hours, I love that it comes with case , a place to keep everything neat and organized."
"wonderful art set! so many options in it, helps a child creativity!"
These are Christmas gifts for my granddaughters who love to draw and work with various art types.  An excellent buy!
the price is right a bginning student
"Nice selection, nice case design, none polished exterior and the label stuck on it does not peel off, leaving you to scrub it down and polish the case yourself."
Awesome art set!! Both of my kids love this thing. Great deal for the price!
so disappointed. poor quality
it can take easily
"It should have been a clue that this item was so drastically ""reduced"" in price.  I ordered it because my 11 year old granddaughter has it on her Christmas wish list but I was surprised at the low price for an art set with so many pieces. You get what you pay for.  This one is VERY cheaply made and I think it would frustrate a budding artist to have such poor quality materials to work with.  I'm donating this one to a toy drive and have ordered another art set that will meet her needs."
I purchased the same set without the wood box.  The wood box makes it much nicer.
Nice
very nice both my friends and i love it
Good :)
"Very pleasantly surprised! I got this set for my homeschooled daughters! They are young,  4 and 6 so i wasn't expecting high quality supplies. This has been great though! Durable, my 4 yr smashing the marker tips and they've survived! We've had this set for about 5 months now and used it about twice a week. They've learned to put put all their supplies away nicely (without being asked) because they love the presentation. The become so excited when its art time! Well worth the money! As they get older I will probably get them more sophisicated sets but fir right now this PERFECTLY fits our needs and i will be purchasing again once these supplies are in need of replacing!"
Comes in a nice case to keep things organized for the little picasos.  I like the product.
This was a gift for my girlfriend's boy.  He played with it and used it heavily for quite some time.  He seemed to greatly enjoy it.  The case is solid too.
"Good morning crayons and the whole team is very poor caliadad, it was a gift for my daughter who is in drawing classes and unfortunately did not serve him, can not lead to class because the teacher says they are not smooth.

My daughter is very sad because he was very happy with this purchase."
"Not yet open , but looks good"
"Been a great use of money. It may not all still be together, but they are all still around!"
"Really great art set for the price. Lots of items, colors to choose from."
Not the highest of quality but works great for practice and very enjoyable
Nice
This was a nice gift.
Great as a child's gift
"Although plastics box looks not high class, however compare with the price, it's worth to pay it, for my little girl."
I love this item and so does our niece
Bought as a Christmas gift but the case is nice
Got two of these for my grandaughters for Xmas. I love the wooden box carrying case. Great for keeping everything together. I'm going to write their names on the case to lessen the confusion over who's is who. Told my sister about my purchase and she ordered two for her grandchildren. Highly recommend!
GOOD!
will be a gift
This is for little kids
"Excelent, i love AMAZON!"
Bought as gift. Good size & selection
"this is good, I buy them as gift for my son's classmates, They all like it very much!"
"Okay I am give this 4 stars because I haven't seen it.
I think from reading the reviews, if you are a real artist and you know what oil pastels are, this set might not be for you.
For $8.99, you know it cannot be for real artists.
I bought 2 for my nieces who are in the age ranges of 3 to 6.
In their eyes, it would look like a fabulous set with all the varieties tools they can use.
I remember getting my first set of crayons that were in a tower set.
I love the case that it comes in too. It will keep everything organised and give the kids a nice feeling to have something like a briefcase.
So I would only recommend this for the kids who don't know what oil pastels are.
Don't forget to buy a sketch pad with this also.
Reeves 9-Inch by 12-Inch Sketching Paper Pad.
75 sheets for $4.96 can't be bad...except if you can't paint on it."
A little bit cheesier than I expect. You get what you pay for I guess.
This is a quality item. Can't believe the great price. The grandkids are going to feel so grown up. I think I'll get one for myself!
Nic
Great product
"Purchased as a gift. I think the young man will have hours of fun, He really liked the gift."
this is a nice art set I bought it for my 16 year old niece she loves it the box is very nice... Transaction was smooth arrived on time as promised no complaint
Very good
"Arrived in great condition, and all of the art supplies are in pristine shape."
Very nice starting kit. Bought it for a 6 yr old and he loves it!
"My granddaughter I gave it to loved it! Bought two, can't wait to give the next one to my grandchildren when we see each other again."
SO SO
only cheap
very cheap
For my grandaugther will love this coz she loves to draw n paint.
"I expected a higher grade container, I like the organization and I will objectively critique the quality after sampling each type of product that is included."
Wonderful set. Can't wait to get started learning to sketch
"Nice set, covers a lot of needs and the case keeps everything neat inside."
Very good!
Wood box broken
Great beginner set- plenty of things to use
Good Product!!!
good thing
My granddaughter loves this set!
Fast delivery and as described
This was a gift for a young artist - who loves it!!  It comes in a nice case and is very impressive for the price.  Nice selection of colors and different mediums.
Thanks!
ok
"This was a gift for my son and he still plays with it. It has everything a little artist needs. And when I say everything, they won't need another art set!! Very strong case as well!!"
very good
This is such a nice art set for the price!  It has everything a child would need to spend hours of fun being creative.  It all comes together in a lovely slim wooden bot.  This set is perfect for travel or to have stashed in your car for outings.  This is a great find!
Great price for these much.
GREAT ITEM- WONDERFUL SELLER!
My nephew was ecstatic!
"okay for the price but a bit childish, thought this would be more for the teenager or adult, but a lot of product for the price."
Great product for the price.
perfect. Thank you
"This art set gives you a set that last for at least a year and it can let people who like doing art can use this set for coloring, drawing, and others so if think people who buy this should love it"
Best Product from Amazon
"Fun for the kids.  The scissors broke immediately!  Beware, but overall is a fun product for my kids."
Great price for what you are getting. I got this as a Christmas present for my daughter and she is going to love it.
Useful Kit for Kids. Good Box to hold them together.
Crazy good and for the price a gift that will. Encourage their artistic side.. Bought for a 5 1/2 year and 8 year old granddaughters!
good
my daughter loves it very much!
Thank you
good
"Love the wide variety, Christmas present"
"This is an amazing set for a novice artist, one who is just starting out or is a hobbyist!  My teen really enjoyed this set and has used it for hours upon hours..ahh sweet silence!  Replaced the ""game box thingy"" as a priority!!"
Good present for children. It spent 27 days shipping to China.
"Poor quality.  I purchased 2 sets.  The pastel crayons and the colored pencils had soft and hard areas and were very poor quality.  I see the prices have been lowered, but i personally would not buy any of these sets for any price without assurance that the quality has been improved."
Bought 3 sets.  Everyone loved them and enjoyed them for a long time.
good.
good i like
I bought this as a gift for a little cousin of mines and she went wild. This set has a little something of everything for kids to make some beautiful art. This is great for when u have a lot of kids that can't share or a small class
Just as described
Good
great kit
I bought this for a Christmas gift.  I'm sure my friend will love it
"Agree with the other reviews, poor quality!!!"
"low quality pencils, but the case is nice"
My daughter loved this set.  It has everything she needs. It is well worth it and a great price.
Just what I wanted
What a great saving and amount of all these items enclosed and shipping was as faster then ever. Thanks Mike
Another Birthday present. The little artist was screaming and jumping around like a cheerleader on Saturday!!! Thank you for the great price and wonderful service.
My doughter likes it.
good deal
"I love it,it is very practical"
Love it!
"amazing art set, my son was quite exited when he saw it, me too. A wonderful drawing package including lots of tools. five stars"
I bought 2 for my niece and my little sister. They  love it very much. It open a door to these girls who love painting.
Gave as a gift no complaints
Very nice
"My daughter specially love the oil crayons. ""they color like markers, and I don't scribble"" she said."
"For my niece's seventh birthday,  I gave her this, along with a Strathmore sketchpad and a ""How to Draw Flowers"" book. She was thrilled and was happy because I gave her so much and kept it under $20!"
piece of junk cracks easily and breaks.
good
nice~
everything feels cheap do not buy
Bought as a gift.
"The quality is far below my expectation. Many of the pencils can not draw, fortunately the crayon can draw however you can hardly see the color...
I originally wanted to give it to my niece as a gift, i have to change my mind due to the poor quality. Why I didn't give it a one star is in consideration of the low price, although I think it's still not worthy."
Granddaughter loves it
very good price for all the instruments
lots to choose from to keep kids busy.
"Grand daughter likes it very much.  Not the sturdiest thing around, more of a young person's kit."
"quality is not very good, but the colors is too many."
very good!
my children very like it
very good
Very nice
Great art set if you're looking for something basic and inexpensive to have fun with
not very good quality
The perfect gift for any child and it will keep them from being on electronics
Not recomended! Very pour quolity
This is a gift for my brother's son. hope he'll like it
my baby like it
My Kid love it Thanks again!
"The quality is really BADDDDDDDDD!!!!
I will not buy if I knew it was made in China.
Seller does not show this important info in the website."
Perfect
"Its a good buy for the money, and my brothers loved it."
Great price per value
good
"Rough work, is to afford this price."
good
"Well, after open the plastic smell, can send out after a period of time!"
"Great for sketching, great colors and nice kit."
pretty good
birthday present formy Great=grand son
"Many of the items that come with this art set are quite cheap, specifically the crayons and markers. Once I received the set in the mail and looked at the picture on the cover I realized that I had made a mistake.

The paints that come with this set do not seem much different than the paints we buy for my daughter at the dollar store. The colored pencils are small and nothing special.

Be aware that the eraser, paper clip (seriously? a plastic paper clip!), & pencil sharpener count towards the 120 pieces.

I have not yet tried the oil crayons, but it certainly wasn't worth the price just to play with some oil crayons.

I am sad that I wasted money on this set. Buying art items a la carte from a crafts store would result in much higher quality products."
"Had a lot of supplies, but cheap case and probably cheap markers."
I bought it for my daughtershe like lt although the quality is so so.
Very disappionted because of the poor quality.
I is a very good gift for my little sister.
We purchased this for a birthday gift for a friend. She loved it-- that carrying case/organizer is a plus.
what a wonderful gift for all ages;  great quality and variety.
Poor quality as others have indicated.  Pencil leads fall out and are too brittle to be useful. I am not looking forward to additional disappointments as I progress through the other mediums and tools.  I guess you get what you pay for and would not recommend this product for any age category.  Do not purchase!
great Art award
My son loves it
Nice
Cool buy
dfghdfj
"I got 2 of them for kids at home.

1. I liked the box with a lock button.
2. Size is just right. It's not so big. I'm sure kids will love this. It's easy to carry.
3. Variety of coloring options.
4. Shoud have included more water colors or paint brushes."
its alright
"My niece loved it. She is at this age that she loves to paint and draw. She has very intersting style and the art set is perfect for her. She loves it and uses it a lot, so I am very happy with a purchase."
my grandson was so excited to have it.it is a great set to paint and draw with and it has lots of accessories to help you.
Gave it to my granddaughter for her 10th. birthday--her choice.  She loves it!
its a gift and it looks good
Cheap cheap cheap
Nice for the price.
My daughter loved it.
This is way too cheap.  I just couldn't help writing a review.  The sale price was originally 7 bucks but changed to be 9 when I entered the link.  Not worth the money.  I wouldn't recommend it.
good item
The products is good. My son love it very much.
Great set
VERY GOOD!
This is actually not for me. But the person Im getting it for is going to love it because she loves to draw.
This is my go to present for kids-- although many adults say they want one too.
Looks grate my daughter should love it
A++++++
Nice set for the kids
Good. more suitable for primary school kids
Christmas gift! Niece loved it!! Sparks her creative side!!
Quality is not great here.  It is a pretty basic set.  There is no way this is worth $70.  The quality of the product is about three stars--average.  I give it one for the bait and switch that makes you believe that you are getting a $70 product for $7.  You are getting a $7 product.
"Not worth it. So disappointing for kids to get this as a present and get excited, then discover that the crayons are waxy and barely leave a mark, the markers are ""scratchy"", the pastels don't really work, and many pencils have cores sliding out of their centers. If you are considering it as a present, please save your money and choose something else!"
"Cheap crayons. I bought it for the pastels and they don't work that good. Glad I got it cheap, not worth the original price at all. Only thing cool about the set is the scissors are completely plastic and work like any other scissors. Would not pay more than $10 on this set."
good
My daughters absolutely love drawing and this kit is exactly what they needed. Doesn't really hold items in place though
excelente producto
"Is very perfect, the price is right will buy again"
A LOT OF COLORS.  I AM NOT A BIG FAN OF THE OIL PASTELS.  WOULD HAVE RATHER HAD SOFT PASTELS INCLUDED (CHALK).  THE OIL PASTELS ARE NOT MUCH BETTER THAN THE CRAYONS INCLUDED.  LOVE THE MARKERS AND WATER COLORS.  WOULD HAVE CHOSEN DIFFERENT PAINTBRUSHES THOUGH.
the kids like it.
Nice product
Thank you
"I buy several art sets for nieces, nephews and grandchildren. I always get these Darice sets. They come with cases to hold everything and they have several different choices for different ages and artistic abilities!"
very good and nice
"My son likes it very much, suggest that the quality of holder should be improved more."
the box is not very well made and the contents are poor quality
Product was as described and delivered on time
It was a gift from my sister. Color pencils are a bit light. Maybe crayola brand is better. But the set overall looks very expensive.
I bought these spoons because I liked the bright colors.
"Daughter loves, it. Cheap afterthought gift added to the ones we got her for her birthday (7 years old.) Just like the kits we all had as kids, and cheaper than in stores locally."
"It's looks like not good , but it's ok."
Great gift for all ages. It will let the inner artist out for anyone who gets it.
Good!
Some of the material kinda hard to use... My 11 year old son had fun with it for the most part...
quite useful for a girl!~
"Dry markers, horrible crayons, no oils, scissors don't cut, box is poorly made."
I love this item. I bought this for my grandson he is 6 and into so much of crafts and activities. I thought it would be great for him but when I opened it up I was even happier. It was more than I expected I am on cloud nine yo be able to give him such a great item like this.
Bought this for my 7 yr old daughter kept her busy and imagination was running wild. If you have a kid who loves art this is a great set for them. My daughter loved it so much
It's a nice set and worth the price..
same birthday gift.
"It's real wood and very nice, my grandkid is going to love it for Christmas."
It's was a gift my little sister loved Thanks
"Cheap set, but great for kids. I bought one for by niece and she loves it so that's all that's important"
"The crayons do not ""color"".  They are almost impossible to color with.  Everything is really very light and you have to press down hard and nearly break the crayon to get the light color."
"for the price it is acceptable, but overall the product is poor quality."
"excellent product, thank you very much ..."
"Darice 120-Piece Deluxe Art Set - you get what you pay for... not a good quality, i would say very poor made."
Excellent. It arrived very fast and good condition. Thank you
everything perfect
This is a birthday present for  my niece who is becoming quite a young artist.  She should enjoy using all the treats enclosed.
"When I bought this item, it didn't have a ""list price"" of $69 and it is most certainly NOT a $69 art set. The material quality is good but generic (Crayola sells markers and color pencils of the same quality). This kit is not for the advanced artist.

It is, however, a really nice starter set for the budding artist. I bought this for my nephew and he loves it. The assortment of colors and mediums (markers, pencils, crayons, watercolor, and oils) in one case is great. Also includes a variety of useful items like a ruler, scissors, eraser, etc. Note that the set only includes ONE paintbrush which is fine for the watercolors but not really designed for oils. The kit should have included a wider selection of brushes. Instead, the piece count is inflated with useless stuff like two plastic paper clips (since the kit doesn't include any paper, what was the point of adding these?) and a tiny, cheap sponge. But even with the pointless parts, the overall collection has a wide variety to keep a developing artist creating."
Great little art set.
Fell apart shortly after my niece opened it. It was a gift. Box is not durable.
ok
Got this for my son's girlfriend...she LOVED it.  Now I have to hint for her to make me a picture!!!
Bad quality
a terrible product. don't waste your money.
excelent product
"She liked it.  It didn't get raves, but she loves draw, etc."
Perfect set
Great set!
my nephew charm will
"Very poor quality. Certainly not a ""deluxe"" art set. It cost too much to return so I will give them as a donation to toys for Tots."
OK
She is an artist too.....She loves it
Great deal...great gift for my niece!
Awesome starter kit for a child who loves crafting.
highly recommend
Everything for the budding artiste!
for the price it is really a nice set - I bought it for a nine year old who loves art.  He thinks it great!
Not great quaity!.
Kids loved it and was fairly priced too!!
Excellent
My grand kids will love them at christmas I am sure.
Great for the under 8 crowd.
Arrived quickly and met my expectations.
gave as a gift to my 7 yr old nephew and he loves it. good for activities.
"Gift for my niece she loves it ! I'm going to order mysel one to,"
"Great , haven't used it yet"
Wonderful for people of all ages! I buy this every time I run out of pastels and enjoy all the items each time. I've honestly worked my way through 7 of these sets so far. This one was purchased for my 4 year old niece and she is having a blast!
These are great sets!!
Great. Kids love it.
Granddaughter got it for her birthday and she really loves it
"I bought this for a gift for my nephew for his 8th birthday. I'm an artist and so is he , following in his aunt's footsteps ;) He was so excited and surprised when i gave him it. He uses it all the time and loves it. Shoo, i wish i had got one for myself. It has everything you need to make your art come to life. It shipped on time and is at a great price."
Horrible quality.  Markers dried out. Crayons waxy.  Not worth the $$.
i like it
Nieces loved the gift for christmas. Great price for a lot of art pieces.
Great Item and seller!
My godkid love it!!!
the oil pastel breaks up easily and the pencil lead is soft. its soft in the way that it's difficult to blend/burnish. and the pencil lead is brighter than how it looks - the colors just don't match
For My Granddaughter...
"You get what you pay for with this set. This is not for the aspiring artist. I bought it for my art students. It makes a good toy, but in no way it is sufficient for someone who really wants to learn art. The markers run out quickly, and the ""watercolors"" are difficult to use. I will stick with the Faber-Castell set I purchased before, which was absolutely beautiful!"
Excellent transaction and our daughter loved it! Very nice colour case!
Gave as a gift and was seemed to have been enjoyed.
"Purchased as a gift for a ""budding"" artist! Excellent find!"
good product recommended.
Purchased for a gift. art items were ok but scissors in the kit were plastic and broke right away.
This was a gift and my daughter and granddaughter just love this with the quality and amount of inventory provided.
great art set for my creative and drawing loving daughter ... she has everything in it that she requires
Highly Recommend! Fast delivery! Exactly as described!
Got this for my three year olds birthday. She loves it. So much to choose from
Great for the price. There are better sets out there but not at the price you pay for this one. It is a great beginner set.
This was a birthday gift for my 8 year old.  He loves it.  The price is perfect.
Best art set ever. Practically every medium available in a convenient container.
"Bought this for my 4 year old, but my 15 month old uses it also.. they love it, tons of stuff, so much that you don't mind if a cap gets left off or a crayon thrown off the porch (or eaten) haha .. has kept the kids busy for hours, without them sitting in front of the tv, a parents dream"
i love it.
"Very nice, wife enjoyed her birthday present, highly recommend"
"Nice set, gave along with a learn to draw book."
"Awesome gift for my 14 year old niece, she loved it."
Great chritsmas gift  for my niece
Not the best kit. But great value
This gift was for my neice its durable in the casing and I would definitely recommend and purchase again from this supplier.
"I haven't been using this thing much, but I like the variety you get here"
Poor quality. Delivered with items scrambled. 1 star
"Ordered this for my niece for her birthday. She's been very artistic with it. The only complaint I have is the oil pastels are more like crayons. Oh well, they can still be used."
Cheap but works well for our 5 yr. old.
Ripoff
My artsy granddaughter is still using it.  My son likes it because it keeps everything together and he knows what is missing.
It made a fine birthday gift.
Item as described
Cheap quality. But I use it to make posters for my students. So it gets the job done. Its cool if you give it to a little one under 8
I suspect this was a returned item that was repackaged and sold as new to me.
I got this a a Christmas gift for a niece and she loved it! It is a great high quality set that is perfect for young aspiring artists. I would highly recommend the product and the seller.
Love it!
"It is a present to a child.
The child is glad although it is cheap."
My wife loves it.
love it
My grandson was so happy to receive this art set. All items are of good quailty. He uses it all the time.
great
"I was very excited to receive this because of the Many vivid colors it had and looks great but it is not great quality. Size of the box is nice and it looks cute but what matters is what is in the inside and the colors do not work. None of the color pencils, or pastel, or water colors stand out when you color with them."
Not the greatest quality but that was expected for the price
My neice loved it! It's git a lot in it and she really liked the paints. Definately recommended!
Kit has a variety of items. The problem is they are all very small and do not last long. Nice case.
Exactly as expected.
Good
I'm taking a pottery class in the fall and these tools or books are going to be a great help.
My daughter loves it!!
Love it!
My wife will try to do drawings using this set.
Granddaughter loved her gift
Child loved it.  I was impressed at the variety & quality.
Great deal for the set.
MY GOD-NIECES TOOLS TO REDO BETTER WORLDS AND DRESS IT ALL IN WONDERFUL COLOR.
Love the art supplies.
"This is my wife's alternate set of ""colors"" and she loves it.  Perfect packaging and just what she wanted for traveling.  Great choice for your artist!"
Daughter loves it
Lots of different art supplies. Fun for hours
"This fell apart. Wood was peeling from assembly on arrival, only got worse."
very perfect!
Was a gift and was received with open arms.  She loves the fact that she has everything she wanted right there...
junk
Grand daughter loves this!
My grandchildren loves this set because there i s enough to go around.
For the price makes a great gift.
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER. SHE LOVES THIS SET. IT HAS EVERYTING IN IT!!
My niece was very happy
"cheap, just like quality"
"came as described, its a fine product."
GOOD
"this was a gift for my 13 year sister and she loved it, it had everything it said it came in, took a while to get here but none the less she loved it and I would definitely purchase again from this seller."
my niece loves this set all she does is draw paint and color now This is well worth the price
excellent deal price was good.
Grandkids and their Mammaw loved it. The case was kind of flimsy.
Grand-daughter loved this....
"i bought it for my baby sister who is 11, she loves arts and crafts and when she recieved this in the mail she went absolutely bonkers. there is no favorite with her, all colors and effect interest her so it was perfect."
my grand kids like it
Wonderful set.  Given as a gift to a very special artist.  A wonderful wooden box to store and organize art supplies.
My daughter loved this art set and still has it. It was a great pick for a deluxe. I might buy it again just so I have it when everything else runs out or use it myself.
Terrible colors..... the pastels were really just crayons in a different shape.
I bought this for my daughter and she loved it so much. She wants more and more from Amazon. You did good Amazon. Thank you for everything. You guys rock. Peace.
very good
"Good variety of colors, but not the highest quality."
for all budding artists
goog price
Everything you need and it opens and closes well
"Thought this was going to be much like the one we picked up at a Michaels store but this one seems cheap and more meant for kids. We wanted it for a 13 year old little artist, not a kid slapping paint or scribbling on paper.
I should have looked much closer at it but it appeared to be very much the same. I was very wrong but I can give it to my 7 year old niece. For a kid in general it is ok, the one we got at Michaels would have made a nice gift for any aged person interested in using different mediums."
It was a nice Christmas present
"My grandson loves this, plays with it alot"
"Got this as a gift for a 7yr old that has a strong affinity for art (and is pretty darn good, themself!).  Get's used DAILY and won the 'best birthday gift' honor :-)"
"Was a gift for my daughter and she loves it, really really well made and looks good for a 7 years old girl."
"Bought two of these as Christmas presents, the children love them."
Great
"This was a gift for my little guy. We tried other brands and other sets but none of them were able to truly capture and convey the realistic  image of guts spilling out, quite like these do. the reds are particularly nice for the blood. the blues do very well with the bulging eyes. The green on the grass is great. the sharpener is even strong enough to sharpen sticks. Easy clean up too."
I got this for my daughter and she loves it I believe that soon I will have to replace it because all the paint and pastel have gone to shreds
"Budding artists, hours of fun and supports. Great to decorate the house with  the finished product. Great for trips and quiet evening."
Awesome and great color box for the price point and kids plus adults who have passion for the painting would love
"Ordered this for my kids, they love it.  Kit's been used and abused daily for a while now, has quality supplies inside and the case has held up like a champ."
I absolutely love this set.  I almost treat it with reverence.  I keep it hidden away so that visiting children will not find it and wish to have as much fun as I do.
"I chose this item for a child to stimulate her art talent and it worked she is actively painting now.

Great item at a great price."
My daughter loved it.  It didn't take long for the case to crack.  I thought the wood would have been more sturdy.
"I bought this for my kids.  It's not a professional kit, but has everything a child could want.  And the wooden box is a bonus - they'll be able to use it to store other art supplies when these are gone."
This was a great deal for the price.  Very nice set for the kids.  It is lasting longer then expected and my kids love it
"I purchased this for my 12 year old granddaughter who is a budding artist and past the stage of kiddie markers and paints.  It has everything she could want all contained in a nicely made wooden box with a clasp closure.  After pricing art supplies elseware, I realized what a bargain this set is.  Needless to say it was a big hit!!"
"The 120 Piece Deluxe Art Set is what it is for the price. Nothing bad but nothing spectacular, you can find this like type product anywhere from Flea Markets to Walmart."
My Grand daughter just loved her art set anyone who has a child interested in art should purchase this set
"I must have purchased this while drunk or something. The actual supplies are very low quality. The wooden box that they come in however is kinda nice to look at until you pinch your friggin fingers in it. Which I have done a few times while opening and closing.
TL;DR way overpriced wooden box with crap art supplies. Safety first"
"I bought this art set for my eight year old granddaughter.  She loves it.  The only thing she didn't  like was that there were no markers.  All in all, packaging and timely delivery were excellent."
He's been using for 6 months and hasn't complained about anything so I'm going with that he loves it because he uses it all the time.
"Alright quality, looks pretty, makes a nice gift for kids without breaking a budget. For the price don't expect superior quality."
"I bought this set for my daughter and she loves it!  There is so much in this set, it keeps her busy for hours!!"
This gift was ordered as a birthday gift. Lots of different colors to choose from while doing art work. Very compact and dedigned for easy use. Great gift for children.
This is a quality set of pastels and paints at a reasonable price. Sent it as a gift and it was well-received.
"For the beginning artist, this is a great set to start out with. I sent one  to my mom and she was thrilled."
I am happy I received my item in good time and got a good deal although it wasn't exactly what I expected but it's exactly what hey described
Thank you very much for a set of drawing and creativity. Very happy with purchase. Fully corresponds to the description. Great value. A child plays with pleasure
This was a gift that I was told is used allot.  the kids like it and use it to sketch and draw fun stuff.  The box help keep it organized.
This is a gift I made to the girls and they use it all the time.  It helps them to be artistic and have fun too.  Good quality set.
"BOUGHT THIS FOR MY NIECE. SHE SAYS THAT SHE IS REALLY ENJOYING THE ART SET. MY NIECE IS 12 YEARS OLD.
AMAZON ALWAYS GIVES A GREAT DEAL. THANKS"
"First off its a fantastic little set for the beginner or a child, not so much for the artist. Well made box and the art supplies themselves are good. I would have given 5 stars, but i'm just not super impressed with any of it."
great art set my daughter loves this so much. Cant wait to order more when she finish with this one.
"My son is very artsy and loves all the options that this case has. Wish it was a bit more friendly around the edges (needs some fine sanding, edges are very sharp) but what's inside is really great. Entertained him for hours!"
bought this for my Granddaughter for an art class she was taking. She loved all the different mediums in the case. Easy to carry and keep organized.
"This is a really good, inexpensive art set for the money. I bought it for my 8 yr old son and he loves it. He enjoys it so much that there is hardly a day that he isn't seen using it."
"It is good for the price, I bought it for my babe girl to practice the drawing, I don't focus so on the price since it is just at the beginning  of her drawing."
This product is perfect for kids!  My daughter is 5 and enjoys every second with this Art Kit!  THank you!
I bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter who is a little artist.  She loves it!  It is light weight & easy for her to carry.  No pointy wooden corners for her to drop on her tiny toes :)  Great starter kit for the little artist in your world!
worth of money!!!!
"My daughter she loves it.
She is drawing all the time and enjoy these pencils.
I truly recommend it for your daughter and sweeties for birthday present.
Thanks."
"This has all the essentials for an aspiring artist, namely my daughters :) I am no artist but this is a great set IMO.  The inclusion of a kneed eraser is surprisingly advanced/professional so that was a ""neato"" surprise."
"I bought this for my daughter and she loves to draw.  She asked me to get her another set for her birthday.  I also bought
different types of paper."
"All the colors seem to be ok but the inside does not seem to stay in as well as the first ones I ordered before Christmas 2012.
Though the Kids do do enjoy them."
This set is perfect for my 8 year old artist.  Well worth the money compared to what you can get in the stores.
"Great value for the money. My daughter has continued to play with this set since christmas...turns out she's actually pretty good about putting things back together. You would think that with 131 pieces there'd be 13 pieces left with 118 under my couch, but nope. The price on this set is excellent and I think it's a great set for a beginner!"
"PAINTS DIDNT WORK
UNABLE TO USE PAINTS
POOR QUALITY
POOR QUALITY FOR PRICE
LOW VALUE AND HIGH COST
TERRIBLE
F GRADE"
Its is good to use. I loved it. I recommened it to anyone who wanna purchase this product. Thank you.
"My daughter got this for Christmas, and she really enjoyed it and that's a lot of different types of drawing tools that kids really enjoy using. I would recommend it"
"I purchased this set for my son who had been asking me over and over again for an art set.  I decided to start with this one because the price was so low.  The case and all the supplies are rather low quality, but what do you expect for such an affordable price?  All-in-all I think it is worth it.  He has enjoyed it enough that I think we can safely purchase him a more expensive set that has better quality materials."
Daughter loves it! Awesome gift for awesome price :) on time delivery and has great quality to product for a inexpensive price!! Wonderful you will not go wrong if you buy this!
"I was looking at art kits and came across this one... I remember having this thing when I was 10.  I was spoiled by Crayola, and was extremely disappointed by this low-quality crap.  The crayons were absolutely horrid - about as bad as Rose Art!  You get what you pay for..."
A nice collection of media.  Not the best quality but great for young kids to explore their artistic talents!  I recommend it.
"I bought this as a gift for a child that likes to draw and color. He just thinks it is the coolest thing. The only thing is, he has to be careful to put the top back on the markers or it will dry up; otherwise it was an excellent choice."
"I never saw the Set as it was a present sent directly to another State. But his Mother tells me that my atristic and mildly autistic 13 year old, to whom it was sent, loves it enough to put down his game machine and work with it for hours at a stretch.. That says alot."
This is a really nice container but the actual art supplies are on the lower end of quality. Great for a little kid though.
"All she needed and some.
The only bad part was all the other kids loved it too. It is a total art Array , yet easy to use and organized."
has a great assortment of choices. for a great price and has a nice carry case for travel as I do a lot of.
My daughter loves having lots of art supplies to choose from but the case is really flimsy. The handles and closure have broken but we still keep everything in it just have to be careful with it.
I gave these as Christmas gifts to two little boys and they were excited about them. Just what I wanted to achieve
"I have a 6 year old... As parents know... Kids get a lot of homework, related to drawing or coloring something... So this came in handy... Plus I don't have to worry about it all over the floor or lost..."
Excellent toy! Ideal for the enjoyment of children. Is as shown. My son loved it! I highly recommend it! good buy. Good quality!
arrived on time most pcs were loose case broke 4 days in crayons were broken when it got here but oddly kiddo wanted to keep it
Great quality! Lots of different options for creating different types of art work. Easy to carry. Neat way to store all of the art materials.
I think I paid too much for this product. The materials seemed cheap. I would not purchase this item again. The case was nice though.
"The Darice ArtyFacts Portable Art Studio is a pretty fun art set. It comes with water color paint, colored pencils, crayons, markers and art accessories. The art supplies work as you would expect but the accessories are rather cheap and don't work well.

The scissors are 100% plastic and just do not cut. The stapler jams and can't do more than a couple pages. The colored pencils are really short making them hard to color with and shortening their lifespan.

The snazzy briefcase style box is rather useful and kids could find uses for it beyond just carrying it around I imagine. All in all it's a fun art kit that I would recommend for anyone trying to get their kid interested in art."
"my 9 year old granddaughter loved this, and she can fit paper for projects in the case and the case can be a hard surface to do the projects on when traveling."
This has been a great art start kit for my daughter.  She loves it.  It has so many options when so draws.  She still uses this today and will continue in the years to come.
My grandson loves the bright colors and enjoys drawing with them. The wood case is very durable and he can carry it from room to room without spilling the contents on the floor. He loves it when his dad draws with him.
"Fun, many applications. My 8 year old grand daughter loves it. The colors are beautiful and many more color varieties than in other, more expenseve coloring sets."
"The case/crayon/ pensils/markers are all bad quality. I have collected ""crayon crumbs"" from this. The kid doesn't want to use the broken ones and most broke the very first time. Markers don't have the tips anymore. It may be ok for small kids who may not take good care of say an expensive coloring set like Crayola's. Though I feel its not value for money because we didn't really use it much."
Everything you child will need is in this kit.  I wouldn't consider it Crayola quality or anything but I didn't expect it to be for that price.  The kids both love the fact it is in a case that they can carry around the house.
I gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas as she is taking art classes in high school.  She loved it and is the envy of her classmates.  It has a little of everything all in one easy to carry briefcase that can be used as a desktop for drawing.
For a 9 yr old this seemed to be a hit.  I haven't seen the set but understand it's quite popular and well-used.
"It looks like a nice package, and I suppose you get a lot of stuff for your money, but the products inside are cheap.  The scissors routinely fall apart and the markers/pencils don't write very well."
"I love this item! I use it everyday for my drawings! I'm so happy I purchased this item from you! Thank you, Deanna Rollins!"
I saw this on Amazon for a crazy marked down price and bought one for a gift.  We always support a charity at work near the holidays that involve children and this was a great looking product!!! I think I paid $14!!!!  Regularly around $35??  Lots of good stuff inside the hard sided case!
"the best option of pastels for beginners, a huge palette. Felt-tip pens usual, and pencils even very light shades. In a set there is also an eraser, a ruler, 2 paper clips and sponge for shading. 7years the set was pleasant to the kid, drawing for it the best occupation which tears off from computer games)"
"Very complete set, with quality materials.  Nice case.  Excellent for the price.  Perfect for young artist, and is a good starter set."
"my grandson is an artist. he can't put it down. he said he would send me pitchures he has made from it.
thanks so much."
Overall pleased with the art set. It was a little low quality as most of the crayons broke on first use. It has a nice range of colors
The set is ok my seven year old really likes it tho its kind of cheaply made  the scissors were missing but that was cool with me it's not all that impressive to me my little girl said to give it 5 stars so I gave it 4
"got what i paid for , but it works better than i though it would , good job guys ill buy again"
I wasn't impressed with this kit.  The product was very cheap and broke and fell apart really easy.  Kinda upset with my purchase but it was cheap so I got what I paid for I guess
Our granddaughter is quite an artist and we felt it was time to get her a good set that has a place for keeping it all.  This is a great value and we were surprised at the great quality of this set.  Definitely a great buy.
"A gift for my granddaughter was well received.  Lots of useful items for all kinds of artful projects.
Box is not all that great; not really adequate for repeated use."
Great buy great price too. My 9 year old grandson loves this set. Purchased a different one for his older brother. They both love their sets. I did good.
My grandson loves this set. It was more than I expected. I did happen to get it at a reduced price during Christmas time. Have to say the higher price would have been too much for my budget. But after seeing how much use it gets. The higher price is ok too.
"Got this for my six year old and he was ecstatic he loves to draw and color and paint and just do ANYTHING creative. He loves it,  I'm sure any child would."
"A perfect gift for any child who loves Art, Coloring, and any drawing related activity.  Tried to buy more, but stock was sold out!"
"I bought this for my 8 year old nephew for Christmas and he LOVED it.  The quality is not the best, but for the price it's great for younger kids who many not be able to take care of their art materials yet.  (The quality of the materials is the reason for the 3 stars)"
Good variety!  Very nice box to keep art supplies in.purchased for my Grandson  who loved it.  It was just as i had hoped for.
I bought it for my granddaughter and she was so happy. it has all the things she will need to paint her heart away!
these were well worth the money. a very nice set. my neice really has enjoyed them. and the case is real nice too.
"For the money, search Amazon for markers, pastels and watercolors separately. You'll forgo the case, (which, admittedly, is convenient) but you'll end up with much better materials. Don't worry about missing out on the miscellaneous accessories - those were of such poor quality that you won't miss them a bit."
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she was thrilled.  She loved having the option of several mediums and has been busy with it since it was delivered to her.
Our son simply loves this set! He was 13-14month old when we bought this for him. He can spent many hours using these to keep himself occupied! Think he has been expressing himself thru his creative artwork and scribbling. Now he has progressed to finger painting! No regret buying this at all! :)
This product said 24 oil pastels but they are basically just like cheap crayons. I was very disappointed b/c the oils were one of the main reasons I purchased this set as gifts. I would not recommend this to anyone. Find a better set. You get what you pay for with this one!
My godchild was thrilled with the art set. It is a great gift and the mother was thrilled with it.
"I gave this to my little cousin, she 8 years old and he loves to draw. This was a big hit for her as a Christmas gift! The only thing I found wrong was that some of the pencils had came out of the slots on tbe inside.  I would recommend this for children that love to color, paint, and draw."
Vey inexpensive and my kid loves it. Has many colors and tools. Very useful for homework projects or coloring or any art projects.
"I bought a few Darice art set as gifts for my friends' kids. Aside from its affordability, I'm happy that it offers a variety of medium from colored pens, crayons and colored pencils which the kids loved. It may not be expensively made yet they have used it with their coloring books and projects. I also like its plastic packaging because it turns out to be handy."
I bought this for my daughter who's big into art stuff. She is 9 and this was perfect for her. They had a little more advanced one for a bit more but I decided against it seeing she's still young and doesn't always take the best care of her things.
This set was a gift for an 11 year old that loves drawing an painting.  It has a variety of mediums for any budding artist!
"My daughter loved it! You pay for what you got here, but overall it's a good buy. The water color was detached and I have to glue it to be able to stick and not move during use or when storing."
I bought this for my 20 year old daughter that loves to draw. She uses it everyday and loves it. I'd recommend it to anyone that wants a good inexpensive set to draw with!
"This is an art kit my daughter-in-law bought for my grandson. I purchased an identical kit at Michael's in Emeryville for $1.99. I expect this quality for the latter price, but NOT for nearly $10!?

The crayons are extremely waxy with poor color; the markers are tiny, with flimsy tips that will maybe last through 4 uses. The color pencils are not bad and even sharpen with little problem. The paints are okay, but you'll need to get a better brush to use with them than what is provided.

Wait until Crayola items go on sale at your local store and buy them. Put into a nice plastic box with a few cleaned containers from frozen dinners to use as water holders for painting. This will work much better than buying this stuff."
"gives the little ones a lot of choice in how to bed creative, great rainy day fun for them thanks"
"Excellent product worked well, really recommend is a good productoa an unbeatable price, I am happy for this purchase reallmente if needed would buy another product equal."
This artist set is great--lots and lots of paints and colored pencils in an organized container which is perfect to help you find what you're looking for.
"Since she loves to draw I purchased this for the little one, she absolutely loved it, and said this is the best gift, thats all it matters for me."
This was the other gift I bought for my grandson. He is having a really good time with his paint set. He takes it to school with him every day. He says He is going to be a Artist.
"This is not a kit for a professional or for an advanced art student, but for my 4, 6 and 8 year old children, this thing does the trick.

Decent quality crayons, markers and other pieces have held up to my kids usage and they haven't complained about any of the pieces being of poor quality like they do when we go to restaurants that give out cheap crayons.

I'd recommend this to anyone with young kids that are looking for a variety of art supplies to entertain and keep their kids busy."
"great product will buy again, and refer to my friends to buy products like this one that I bought. thanks"
I couldn't tell you because it was a gift for my step granddaughter. But I think she really liked it.
Bought it for a good price during Christmas Lightening Deals for my seven year old.  Markers are tiny and don't seem like they will last long.  I think you'd be better off buying the items separately.
"Not a high end color kit but hey kids lose everything anyway.  Fun colorful kit.  Organized for a minute, but some tools fall out or there spaces.  Great for price"
This product was as described. Thank you very much for the product. Works like it was intended too. Very nice
Everything was good but the scissors are lousy..I tried cutting something with them a they completely fell apart.. but everything was fine
I would recommend this to anyone who has a little budding artist. All they need in one nice compact case.
"For the money it is a nice set, and easy for my 10 year old to carry around. The case is relatively sturdy."
all well recommend 100% in good condition came to Venezuela was nice buying this new product without further ado thanks
daughter uses this set all the time for your crafts. Has all you need to color draw etc Water paints aren't great but usable.
Didn't we all have one of these in school? Well... I didn't but I always admired those who did! We purchased this set as a Christmas gift for the oldest of our kids. Hours have since been spent on art with her & her youngest sister. It has just about everything you need to make a mess of ALL your house furniture =)
"This was a C'mas gift for my 6 yr old granddaughter. She thinks it is great and told me that it has everything she wanted. When the kids are happy, Grandma is happy !"
"Generally you get what you pay for. This is a nice set for the price. It's not a high dollar set. It comes with 8 basic colors in pastel natural and basic for each type medium, and 2 budget brushes. The eraser isn't great so keep that in mind. It's good for beginners or to just play around with. If your getting it for a child, remember paints can be messy, and this doesn't come with paper."
It was a Christmas present for one of my granddaughters.  She loves it and has discovered that she is artistic.  The set has comee in very handy for some school projects.
"I purchased this for a teenager and it was a little juvenile for her.  It would be a good set for a pre-teen, but not really for a real aspiring artist.  Oh well..."
"Great gift for one of my very talented employees she loved it, this comment section requires to many words, helpppp"
"The ONLY reason I give this 1 star is because I am HIGHLY disappointed with this product.  The presentation of everything in the nice wooden carrying case is the ONLY good thing about this kit. I ordered this as a gift for my wife who loves to draw and has lately been expressing how much she wanted oil pastels. I figured that with this having what she wanted plus much more, I would be winning. Man was I WRONG! !! First off ...the pastels are FALSELY advertised. All they are is crayons.  Cheap usless things at that. The colored pencils are crap cause they color very lightly. Then there's the water colors. Id rather not get into that because this loving husband struck out. Needless to say. .. this kit made me look like an idiot.  All I want to know is where do I send this falsely advertised piece of junk back to for a full refund on top of THEM paying the shipping for wasting my time and screwing me out of my money."
"I made the mistake of not reading the dimensions of this kit, it appeared to be much larger online. A bit disappointing but it was a nice kit overall."
Nice kit for beginner. Gave to my 9 year old great gran. Uses every day. Will buy more supplies soon. Great buy.
I bought two of these for Christmas gifts and the recipients loved them. Pair the art set with some drawing paper and keep kids occupied for a while.
We are waiting for that night when the grandkids are over and grumbling that they are bored!  Reminded me of when I was young and us girls would be bored and my grandma would pull out the crayons or the paints!  that is the way.
This was the Perfect gift for my budding artist. Lots of choices and colors. Pair it with a big tablet of white paper
"exactly as it looks
the box is a good weight
all the colors are great

I look forward to using this as a gift"
They love to get this out and make card for Mommy of a special picture for their Dad. Nice set!!
"I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my mother. I was a little disappointed to discover when it arrived that it is aimed primarily at small children. That's my fault for not reading the descriptions thoroughly, but the pictures make it appear like something different than it is. That said, my Mom still claims she'll get the intended use out of it for her card-making projects."
The case was damaged when it was received by my 7 year old nephew. I got it for him as a gift and when he got it the wooden case was crushed.
"Bought this for my 6yr old daughter for Christmas, she loves it!  Has everything she needs. Case is great as well, easy to keep organized."
"I ordered this for my niece she loves to draw and is very good at artistry this item fit good in her collection, is lightweight, and easy to carry with you!!"
My daughter loves this. She is 10 years old. She draws and paints a lot now. This is a good set.
"My Grandson loves my larger set and I knew he would love this one!  For any inspiring artist, a great gift!"
I bought this for my 6 yr. old daughter and when we received it I was a little disappointed. The case is very cheap and I am just waiting for it to fall apart. I would not spend more than $10 on this product. Everything in the case is cheap but my daughter does like it. We received in December and it is now February and its holding up but don't see it lasting to much longer.
"Not a good choice. Great concept for young artists, but both the case and the supplies are of poor quality and some were dried out."
I have 2 greatgranddaughters who do not live near. They are both artsy girls. I gave them both this this art set last year and guess what they asked for this year? Yes another set. There is everything they could want art wise. And the right was great.
"My son loves to color so i figured this would be the perfect gift and i was right, he loves it! Uses it all the time. only downside is the actual packaging but for the price, you really cant complain. I would purchase again if i had another child"
"I got this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. I paid almost thirty dollars for this at a different store and am surprised at how lo a the price is here. The scissors don't cut, the pencil sharpener doesn't work good, the stapler works but come with about ten staples and you can't even replace them because they not a normal size, the pastels work like crayons, the paints look vibrant but when you actually paint with them they are very pale. Everything is cheaply made but the price here it is worth it for the price I paid else where it is not. I gave it 3 stars for quality not for the good price."
I got it for my daughter and she has used it to death. she loves it and it is nice that you can store all if it in the case. It was a good buy!
"My grand-daughter loves to draw and she was thrilled with it,  that's all the reason I need to rate it high, lol."
Bought for a boy who was not getting any gifts for Christmas. They looked really nice to me. I am sure he loved them.
GREAT Art Set!!!  Excellent presentation!!!  Excellent price!!! My grand daughter was in heaven and so was I....  Considering to buy one for myself.
"This is a very nicely packaged art set that will give anyone interested in artwork a diverse selection of one stop on hand options for creativity.  The wooden box is nicely fitted as shown to preserve and protect its contents.  This is a very nice gift for anyone interested in art.  Very impressed with this item and since it was a gift, my husband is happy to own it."
I wasn't too thrilled with this buy at all. Its a really cheaply made product. The crayons don't put out color like a regular crayon and that includes cheap no name crayons you could buy at the dollar store. Definitely a waste of money.
"Nice set.  Markers, crayons, and color pencils are perfect.  The other items (scissors, pallet, and glue)  are very cheap/flimsy.  My 5 year old daughter absolutely loves it though."
"This was a great gift - plenty of colors of pens, pencils, paints.  Perfect for any age artist, quality items."
"the kids are always at the table with these sets open and drawing or coloring pictures for me, I gave these to 6 of my Grandchildren."
I bought this for my niece and she loved it. She spent all week using all her art tools. She liked it so much she drew us a picture. It was great.
My granddaughter is a budding artist and she really enjoyed receiving this for Christmas this year. Hope to see some of her art work soon.
"Perfect kit, it contains a little of everything that is needed for the artist in your family. A nice wooden case compliments the look."
Granddaughter really like it and has been enjoying her gift.  I would give the top rating but it wasn't for me.
"A bit on the cheap side for a person who works in art media daily. But, for this price it was a good option for a child who won't be upset how well they blend. Could use a bit of labeling, but the wooden box is well worth it."
"A very nice and very complete art set. Some of everything a person would want, from paints to pastels to pencils and more. Perfect for the teenage artist in your life."
"My daughter loves it! Good selection of colors! The storage wood box is very nice!

The bad is the pair of plastic scissors! It broke on our first use, well, but not a big deal."
Bought this as a gift for my sons girlfriend and she loves it...small enough to put into her back pack and full of great art items would buy it again..mahalo
The recipient of this gift of art supplies in a nice hard case really liked all of the different items in it.  Would recommend it.
This is a great kit! We got it for our daughter who loves to color and paint and draw and everything like that! And she has just had so much fun with it! She loves the oil pastels! It's got everything a little kid could want!
The item was as it was described. It made for a good gift for a beginner. My daughter was very happy to get it.
"The kids loved it. They are carrying the case around! Many choices, nice structure, good quality. The kids were laughing all the time."
I bought this for my 3 year old niece for Xmas and she loved it!! For the price it's an awesome starter lot!! She loves it!!
"I bought this fantastic set as a birthday present for my daughter. While I don't know how well it holds up as a set for a professional artist, as a gift for a young teen who just likes to draw and paint, it can't be beat. We've used it for several school projects, and she's used it to illustrate her diary and short stories. Awesome!"
"My son's 6th birthday I took a chance and got him this art set.  Turned out to be his favorite gift.  He loves the fact it comes in a case and keeps it stored in his room for only 'his' use.  He loves the variety of pens/paints/supplies and the fridge and my office at work is now an art gallery.

All of the pens/paints/supplies are basic in quality, but to have all of them in on place in an easy organized storage case is a huge win."
Good starter set for a budding artist. We have tried all the mediums included in the set and no complaints with any of them
"Recipient of his gift was very disappointed, not with the contents, but with the wooden box that started coming apart immediately. Poor quality."
"Very cheap, spend the extra $2-$3 bucks go and buy a set of crayola crayons, pencils and markers.  Personally will never use the pastels and water colors.  Pencils and crayons are low quality, have to really press really hard for minimal results; colors are still very dull... would not recommend"
bought for a friends daughter for christmas and she loved it the best part of christmas is getting the children what they want for christmas and the christmas smiles
"Her older sister has a Bachelors Degree in Art and as she holds her older sister in high regard, she thinks she might like to try her hand at art as well.  This set is very similar to one that Megan had when she was in grade school, so it suited Emily very well."
My big brother go  it for me and it is awful. I could by better stuff than this at Wal-Mart. Save your money and go to some place better. The colors aren't dark and the paint is terrible.  You can't even tell you have drawn or colored anything. I can't even explain how mad I am at thus ridiculous waste of money.
I bought these for two of my nieces' Christmas gifts. They absolutely love them. With such a large array of media types and the wooden case this was a very good value. I highly recommend this set of the children in your life enjoy art.
"I got this for my 11 year old niece who is very creative and getting pretty serious about art.  It's a nice set in a nice case, and a good deal for the money.  Based on some reviews, I thought the quality would be a little higher than it is, but still not disappointed.  I have no artistic ability, but my guess is this set would not impress an adult who is serious about art.  But I could be wrong."
This is a great kit for any kid that loves art.  My son loves it because he can close it up when he is done and keep his brother from losing the markers or the lids to the markers.  Some of the colors of the markers don't match up to what you think they should be so that's why it didn't get five stars.  Overall I am very happy with this product.
"This was a gift for a nephew, who loves to draw.  For a starter kit, it gives a good variety of different drawing & painting mediums.  This set will give him the opportunity to try water colors, chalk, acrylic & colored drawing pencils on a slightly higher level, which hopefully will help his artistic skills get even better.  Worth the purchase."
"What I like about this product is that the markers don't dry out fast and it has a good amount of pencils,markers and crayons to keep you entertained."
Gifted it to one of our niece and she loves it. A great gift for someone who loves drawing and coloring
"Very good product, but I gave it four stars because there are a few quirks I like to address. I like the fact that it is portable, but the eraser and the sand strips fall out and they don't like to stay in, so I have to keep putting them in and making sure they stay in. Now, with that addressed. I would recommend this to any one starting out. I love the variety of tools and colors that are in here so you can mix and match and your artwork looks more professional."
My granddaughter LOVED this art set.  She is so happy with it  She especially enjoys the pastels.  You won't go wrong with this purchase.
I got this for my wife for Christmas and now all I need to do is buy her a sketch pad but this is a very good looking case with great colors
This is a beautiful art set.  My kids are enjoying it but at least of the pencils seems to have arrived with the lead broken in several places. Everytime it's sharpened the lead falls out because it's broken.
"I gave this to my 13 year old daughter and she seemed happy with it until she tried to put the oils back and it was a tight fit and she ended up breaking 2 of them.  Otherwise, its been great for her science project and one book report."
The kids loved it and now they can explore their creative side a little more with their new art set!
"The 8 year old uses this every day and really likes this item.  She uses just about everything in it too.  The scissors are super small and the stapler is hard to use and gets jammed, but it is a small art kit so you can't expect too much.  She's gotten enough use out of it that I say it is worth the purchase.  Just don't expect some high quality art kit -- it is not."
"Grandson loves drawing, etc. and this was perfect for him since all he's had so far is a drawing pad and pencils.  This advanced him the step forward he needed to find the medium he wants to branch out into next.  He was trying each thing all day on Christmas and loved the case it was in.  He said he felt like a ""real artist"" carrying it around with him!"
WHAT an amazingly priced set! I bought this for a young man about 8 years old. he loves it and he has yet to be bored with it. The colors are endless!
My neighbor and friend has always been an artist and I though she would someday work for hallmark however she is a cleaning lady at the local cheap grocery store.  I always attempt to continue to encourage her with wonderful artist gifts.  She loves this and I receive beautiful hand made cards filled with life long love.
This was a gift for my daughter.  She is taking art class at school.  This was a good deal.  It even comes in a nice wood box.
I got this two of these and very well made. kids loving it. A Lot of items to play. happy buyer.
"Item looked ok but was actually far worse than described.  The scissors broke almost as we picked them up for the first time and the ""pastels"" aren't even pastels at all, just crayons with the word pastel written on them!  False advertising, if you ask me.  Spend a little more to get decent quality."
I got my son this kit for Christmas he loves it and its got so many different items for him to choose from
"The watercolors and markers are wonderful! However the watercolor brush is of poor quality, I had to use my old watercolor brush.
The pastels does not glide smoothly on paper as well as I thought."
It's an art kit. What else do you need to know other than it's just a basic kit that will probably only last a little while depending on the child using it.
My seven year old Granddaughter received this as a Christmas gift and seems to be very happy with it.  This is the second Granddaughter I have given this Art Set to.  So far so good.
This works well for the average person.  Not recommended for the serious or experienced artist.  But it is not bad.
My grandson was delighted with this.  He is quite the little artist. It was well worth the money.  Would recommend it to anyone
I gave this article as a gifts.  The recipients liked it very much and were excited because they had received it.
"I ordered two of these, one for an artist friend of mine and one for my son. Both of them were excited to get it."
"Deluxe art set was nice, however, the handle came loose the first time it was opened, have been unsuccessful in reattaching,  Handle appears to be very cheap on a very nice set."
"I think she liked it. We hope to see, in the near future some of her art work which might come from the purchase of this gift as a Christmas present."
It is not a great thing but for the price is good. The scissor is made of plastic and doesn't cut neigther paper. The suitcase is made of cheap plastic.
"One of the better Christmas gifts i've ever given to a youngster!(7years old)
made well..stocked with colorful paints ,pencils,pastel colors,and a very nice carrying case.
CSciallo"
My daughter LOVES art and wanted this so I got it for her. She loves it. Everything was fine with it when delivered and she has never said anything bad about it.
"I have known many a young person who would like to have the proper utensils or tools to be able to draw with. Kick start a desire, satisfy longing, or simply give as a gift to someone I know of that longs to draw or paint. There is something soothing about sketching, drawing, or simply doodling that brings pleasure."
"Kick start a desire, satisfy longing, or simply give as a gift to someone I know of that longs to draw or paint. There is something soothing about sketching, drawing, or simply doodling that brings pleasure."
Loved it!  I got two art sets for my great grand nieces and they reported that the art sets were thumbs up.
I purchased this for my gift closet....I'm always on the look-out for a great deal and couldn't pass this up.  I can't comment on the quality since it hasn't been opened but it looks very nice and was a great deal.
"Ordered for my grand daughter, very useful for school and play. The only thing she wished it had was acrylic paints instead of water colors."
"Purchased this for my daughter's family....4 boys and parents, all of whom are artistic...and they loved it.  Came as advertised."
I bought this for my eldest daughter and she just loves it and I think it's awesome that it is in its own wooden case and has a nice variety of colors to choose from
I have seen many sets that come in plastic.  This set has a nice wood case and all the supplies are quality!
"My grandson was very pleased with this art set on Christmas as morning.  Very nice case as well, and sturdy."
"This was a nice surprise for my 9 year old granddaughter, she loves it!  Nice having it's own case and various colors."
This case has been great for my daughter. I liked it a lot. Thank you for providing such a cool product.
"Definitely give this a five star. Was excellent quality for the price, and one of my granddaughters favorite Christmas presents. She has had hours of fun with it."
I WOULD BUY THIS AGAIN.  ALL HIS FRIENDS WANT ONE. HE LOVED THE MARKERS. GREAT XMAS GIFT. I WOULD BUY AGAIN.
"Pretty cheap. The pastels are cheap crayons, not pastels. The colored pencils work ok. I bought this for my 5 yr old daughter and was quite dissapointed. I guess I should have spent more money to get a quality art set."
"This was ordered as a Christmas gift and while she loved it, the quality certain leaves something to be desired. The trays holding all of the art supplies had already come unglued when we opened it for the first time and in less than a month the scissors, and several of the crayons have all broken just from basic use. Definitely disappointing as we had been very excited about this set."
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. Thank you so much! She is having fun with it
"I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the pencils, crayons and pastels. The color of the pencil did not always match the wrapping, the intensity of the colors of the crayons was lacking.  The markers are great and my son enjoys using them, but this set is probably mainly suited for little kids who do not take their painting too seriously yet."
"For the price, this is a great gift to give a 5-10 year old child. I would highly recommend this product."
This is a gift for an artist kid.  It has all one needs to draw with. Color quality is good and it is certainly a very good way to keep all colors organized.
"I gave this to my niece who is 9 as a gift. She seemed to really like it. I don't think that it is professional quality supplies, but it is a perfect gift for a little kid and she really liked the case."
"Totally over priced and cheap, I could have gotten the same for less money. Nothing special at all. would not buy again or recommend."
The kids used it for hours!! It was hours of wonderful art work. The container is holding nicely and it's being used all the time.
Kit was well made bought for my niece who can't get enough supplies for her first year in a college level art program
This is also a great combination for beginners or advanced learners to use.  The selection of supplies is great and am very satisfied with it.. This was also a gift and recepient was ecstatic over it.  I'm very happy I bought this.
"Bought the item for my daughter as a Christmas present.

I think the whole family fell in love with this item. It is a very good item to be gifted."
I purchased this for my niece as a Xmas gift. She seems to enjoy it. The case isn't much but I really wasn't expecting anything nice for the price.
"I'm an artist, and so is my 15 year old daughter.  I got her this set for the holidays, and she enjoys it a lot.  I was impressed with the quality of the case and the quantity of art supplies that came with it."
"This set is great.  The quality of the art supplies if perfect for a child beginning art, and the case is very sturdy wood (not the black plastic like some come in)."
I have a young granddaughter who enjoys art and this kit was just what she was looking for at Christmas.
good
My 9 year old niece loved it.  I would buy this gift again. It has everything a crafty person would want.
Awesome
"Granddaughter said ""I've been waiting for one of these"" so it doesn't get much better than that!  Lightweight but sturdy.  Great size even for a six year old.  Actually encourages organization due to replacing the markers, chalk, crayons, etc."
"I wanted to replaced and old box with dry markers and we love it. The price was very reasonable, even with sipping, it got home very fast and the presentation is beautiful. I really recommend it."
Great Christmas Gift for a niece! Portia is a difficult child to get a gift for. She loved it! thank you.
my granddaughter really liked this. I expected a different setup but it is still okay. She has fun with drawing and painting using it.
"My great granddaughter loved her Art Set, I should have bought 3 more for my other G Grand kids. I still might."
"Since my artist lkives 2 hrs aways, have to wait for feedback  ; I am expecting it to be a hit."
"The price pretty much assures you're not getting quality products here.  The paints are subpar and the included brushes are even less quality.  I bought this for my 9 year old son who was asking me what certain things were used for.  I have no art experience and had no idea. This product came with no ""instructions"" or at least a basic description on how to use each item."
"Flawless transaction with seller. This set has enough pieces to interest the novice to those with a few more skills. Bought a good sketch pad to go with it, and so far, we have a child transformed from short attention span taking an interest in something that keeps her focused."
"My niece received this as a gift and said she really liked it with all the variety of colors and choices. I would have posted 5 stars, however I won't do that for items that I do not personally use."
Nice for young people. It was cheap on dealings of the day and I gave to my grandson 5 years old. He is very pleased.
"I do not regret purchasing this item. The watercolors are great, and the case is real wood, it even smells great."
"I got this for my oldest daughter for Christmas. It's a fairly good set for her came with everything that she needed, and she was quite happy with it."
Sent to someone who would like to try different mediums in art colors and should be a fine start for a beginner in painting and drawing.  The box is a convenient way to organize the art supplies.
I was disappointed with the box.  It was warped.  I have not tried the supplies but they seem good and plentiful.
ExcellentThis product is full of high quality. It is a better choice to select the similar products from this seller.
"This set is fine for an elementary school artist, except for the water colors.  Too light to work well on any sort of background.  There are lots of colors on the pencils, though."
"This is a good assortment of mediums, and perfect for a young child, because there are no messy tube paints.

Pros:
  * nice assortment of mediums (markers, watercolor, pastel)
  * easy to carry around

Cons:
  * No place to put your paper, so you need an additional place to carry that.
  * The case itself seems a little flimsy.

Overall a good purchase, especially if you can find it on sale."
My grandson and his friend were thrilled to get this art set.  I got one for each of them so that they would have the same equipment to work with together.  They could hardly wait to get home and begin making masterpieces.  Perfect for those budding artists!
"Like the box, the pencils and many items to try inside.  A great way to start drawing and sketching inexpensively in color."
Got this for a Christmas gift and it was a wonderful buy. My Daughter loves it and has enjoyed it. It's more of a cheaper art set but for a starting artiest I thought it was a great set. The wood case is great. It's a very nice gift for someone.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she does LOVE it.  My only gripe is that one of the metal clips that hold the wooden case closed broke off the first time we opened it.  We got this as a lightning deal.  If I had paid full price I would have returned it but for twelve bucks it's still worth the money.
My son loved this set that he got for Christmas. He loves to draw and it was the perfect gift for him.
"My little girl loves to draw and has been using this since Christmas! I love that it has different options for her to choose from and she loves it too! I like the box it came in, very sturdy and perfectly sized to be able to travel!"
The child it was given to liked it.  It has many different art products in it and was at a reasonable price.
Was great for the aspiring artist in my life. She really enjoyed  and was very pleased. I was pleased with value.
Total score. Much bigger than those in store. It was the perfect gift for an artsy preteen. She was making portraits immediately.
"Just enough to allow them to make a masterpiece, but not too much to confuse and make a huge mess"
"I chose this product to save a bit of money compared to some of the more 'professional' to try and save some money - unfortunately this left me a bit disappointed.

I'll start with the pros:

Variety - you get a fair selection of colors for markers, crayons, and colored pencils
Storage - this was a big reason for purchasing as it keeps everything contained

Cons:

Quality - that's the big one here. The paintbrushes that came with it were damaged, the box that contains it all is lazily constructed (more on this later), and I worry about the longevity of the certain constituents (stapler, scissors, markers).
Edges of the wooden box were sharp

If you're purchasing this as a gift and you know the preferences of the person in question, it may be better to simply buy that person only markers, crayons, etc. This product is more of a 'jack of all trades'.

The Box:

The craftsmanship of the box is very poor. As I mentioned earlier the two halves of the box do not line up when closed. The wood used was cheap and slapped together. I'm not sure the manufacturer even sanded the wood. But I have some general tips to improve this if you decide to purchase this gift:

Tools needed:
-Scraper
-Sand paper/electric sander
-Wood stain
-Paint brush

Carefully remove the paper stick on the box, if you're lucky the paper will come up easily and not leave behind any paper. Otherwise you're going to need the scraper to remove the glue.

Afterwards, sand the box, I chose to sand the edges as well to limit potential injury and splinters. Once you've finished sanding all you need to do is stain the box. By doing this, it improved the visual aesthetics of the box significantly."
I bought this for my daughter who is 12 and a wonderful artist. She loves it. The case is a quality design and there are a lot of pieces to work with.  I would buy it again.
My Grand Daughter loved it. The box is well made and the array of colors is fabulous. My son was jealous that I didn't get him one. This is a much better set than the plastic ones you find at the store.
"This was a gift.  I never saw it, however, my nephew loved it and that is good enough for me!"
I BOUGHT THIS SET AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY NIECE AND SHE JUST LOVES IT. IT IS A GREAT ITEM FOR YOUR UP AND COMING ARTISTS.
"Great selection for the young, blossoming artist. Beautiful wooden case makes it easy to keep all together and my son thinks it looks very professional. They took art class out of his elementary school and this has helped me teach my son some of the simpler techniques of shading and highlighting to creat 3-D appearances in his work. Great price for the perfect gift of my boy who is one big ball of creativity."
My nephew loved this kit. There were so many different types of media included. Just want he wanted to explore his love of art.
For the price this was a great gift for my nephews who are 5 and 7.  They absolutely love this set especially the carrying case.
"colors are not as vibrant, color pencils do not show on  the paper case is light and does not seem durable. for the price there are much better quality products available. poor quality."
had several wonderful aspects to this gift well thought out buy will most likely buy another one in the future
"I got this in a lightning deal so it was next to nothing and I thought it looked like it had a lot of mediums and would be a great art kit for kids who can't be trusted with more expensive supplies. I liked that it was in a case and thought it would be good for traveling. The case is ok, it hasn't fallen apart, but it does splinter some since it is unfinished wood. The supplies fall out of the case when you are trying to close it so it might be frustrating for a kid. I haven't used the pastels yet but they seem ok, the crayons are bad, very waxy not a lot of color. The markers are actually decent although they seem like they will dry up quickly. The scissors broke the first use and one of the containers of glue was completely dried up.

Overall, it was cheap and kids will still like it, which is why it got three stars. If you are looking for an art case for a teen or pre teen who wants to learn some sort of art please keep looking."
"This was a Christmas gift for my 10 year old great-granddaughter, and she was thrilled.  She started using it right away and I'm sure it will get plenty of use, as it contains about everything she will need."
Its a great case for children that love art! My daughter picked this case out and was happier when she opened it up!!
I gave it to my sister as a Christmas present she loved it but the oil pastels she said it seemed like crayons to her.
"This is the perfect art set for any person who is creative. My daughter loves the variety of colored pencils, markers and crayons. I like the case because it keeps everything organized and in its place."
I purchased this for my great-granddaughter because she had started sketching and I saw some potential for her in the world of art.
There was nothing about this set that I didn't like. The price was very good. There were many different styles of art and many different colors. The storage unit was also very good.
"I expected that it would be larger. However, I suppose it will suffice..  I will gift it to someone truly interested in art. Thank you."
My daughter loved the set and it was a great value.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for inexpensive art set.
"The case is nice and the art supplies were ample, my grandson was pleased with the set.  A good gift for a 10 years old."
"This is a good set for young kids. If you are a more advanced artist I would not suggest this set, becuase it is not  very high quality. I purchased thsi for a 5 year old girl and she really likes it."
"As a beginning painter, I find it so handy to have all these supplies in one case.  I can just grab it and I am ready to go.  It is also easy to carry with me on trips to my vacation home.  It would make a nice gift for a friend with an interest in art, or a child who would like to paint along with you."
my brother in law loves to draws and this was a perfect gift to get him. He loves to draw and is very good.
"Can't say much about it myself except  that I purchased it and my 9 year old daughter loves it. She  spends lots of time drawing, now I may have to get a bigger set."
This was not what it looks like on your site.  It resembles a kiddy coloring set.  I don't think I would by it for a kid.
"I really wanted a bigger set, but it was unavailable. After i ordered I found one like it in a chain store that was a little cheaper."
I got the for my nephew for Christmas and he likes it very much. Wants to learn how to be an artist. This product is a good start for him.
"Everything I sent my great grandsons was very nice, except the radio control car. I was told it ran for exactly 6 minutes and stopped. They never did get it running again. I have always found Amazon a good place for me to buy, but in the future I will be very careful on who I buy from. I think it will be quite awhile before I purchase anything from Amazon."
"The set pictured is much nicer than the set we received.  The set received had a metal handle, latches that did not work properly.  Inside was not as pictured either.  Ended up going to art store and purchasing another set for Grandchild.  She was disappointed."
Great item for small children. I bought three for granddaughters they love them. More words required annoying that I can't right simple remarks with no limit
"okay quality markers, not bad for a five yr old... the kid loved it but couldn't use it for long as they dried out"
My granddaughter loved this for Christmas!  Lots of colors & options for drawing & schetching to stimulate their imagination!  Recommended  :-)
"My niece loved it.  Nice case to keep everything neat and organized.  Quality of the crayons aren't great, too waxy."
I purchased 2 sets and the children we donated them to absolutely loved them. It was a very good value.
"This was purchased for my children who love to color, lots of different art products to chose from! Greater starter for a little artist!"
Nice set granddaughter loves it thanks had fast delivery wit this also been playing with it since Christmas and have a lot of new pictures she drew. Thsnks
"This set might be good for young children (9 or younger) because it's pretty and will make them feel special to have their own case full of pretty colors. Everything inside, though, is junk. The pastels are crayolas. The colored pencils are impossible to sharpen because the led is broken at every centimeter. I don't even know what those water colors are. Really bad quality stuff, but good enough for a child to color a picture outside of the lines. I use it with my 8 year old students, but my teens won't even bother with it."
I got this for my sister-in-law and she loved it.  The quality was great and it offered a huge selection of art tools.
"I purchased this for a 10 year old relative who enjoys drawing and doing ""art"" projects and this along with a sketch pad turned out to be one of the hits for him this Christmas.

I'm not an artist myself so cannot speak to the quality compared to other Art Sets but my relative loves it and all of the supplies were in good shape and do the job that he needs and the case holds everything well - so while I can't say whether or not this would work for an serious adult artist - I can recommend this for people who are looking for a set that they can use to have fun with."
This was a Christmas gift and the person loved it.  Everything a young artist needs and more.  Nice box also to keep things neat.
I bought this 2 years ago for my daughter and the entire family is still using it for rainy day art projects. It has a nice variety of supplies and its in a quality case.
"A nice beginner set of everything, even includes a sharpener, which is key since the pencils are thinner and smaller than average. The carrying case is sturdy, and my daughter loved it. Will upgrade to a nicer set eventually, but for a 10 year old amatuer artist, it works."
"Got this for my 13yr old grandaughter for Christmas.  She was very pleased. Only thing I had a problem was that when you opened the box, both sides fell out.  So i took them out, glued black ribbon in the middle of each side, returned each side and then tied each in. Works great now."
"Shipped great and fast, there was nothing wrong with the packaging, and everything was all there. The only reason for the 4star is that she hasn't used it yet so idk if everything works like its supposed to."
"I bought this as a gift for a younger girl that I really didn't know what to buy for her. She loved it! I really loved it too, and would have kept it for myself if I didn't need it for a gift! Such a good bargin and great service"
My daughter got to work. She loves this case with great art supplies. It was just what she wanted. Thank you!
When got package for holiday gift giving season noticed the exterior case was damaged.  Upset as the damage was clearly visible and the box it came in from UPS was not damaged.
I got this for my friends' 13 year-old child who is exploring her creative side. She loves it and uses it daily. It has anything a beginner or just-for-fun artist could want.
"I bought this set for a 3 and a 7 year old to share and they loved it! Even though they each own their own tablet and other gadgets, they were engaged with this art set for a couple of hours, exploring the different media and using their creativity. Excellent for young children (under supervision)."
The wooden box was great and the wow factor was all there. While my 4year did use it and not complain about it. Just comparing this to other crayons and coloring things we have it was just not up to par compared to other similar items.
My niece was very happy with this art set - she is a new art student and was very excited with the amount of items in the box.  I would recommend this to everyone.  She is a sophomore in High School
"...I was ashamed to be wrapping it because he deserves much better quality; I truly mean this.  Even the easily crushable case embarrassed me.  Shinny plastisized containers depress me, especially when black,"
I got this art set for the kids in our classroom for a gift for Christmas..I'm k-aide..They liked this art set ..it was delivered on time and in great shape..thank you
This is a great starter set for a budding young artist that doesn't break your budget. The wooden case makes it portable and keeps the supplies organized. It was purchased to help determine what medium our grandchild wanted to work in so that we can buy that particular medium in a bigger quantity.
"The markers are great, crayons are fine, the oil pastels are about the same as the crayons.  There is no purpose of the tiny sponge because there will be no blending going on.  The scissors keep falling apart and will be a total loss once we permanently lose the little black plastic piece that holds them together.  I would say this kit is made pretty cheap, but comes in a nice handy dandy plastic carrying case."
This was a Christmas gift to my Granddaughter.  From what I saw it was really very nice.  I know my Granddaughter will use it and enjoy it very much.
I purchase two of these for a gift for my neighbors young daughters. They were a hit and I got some beautiful art from them.
"this set has a large number quantity of art supplies.
My grand daughter loved it.
I was happy with the size of the set too."
"Bought these for my 10 year old grandchildren who love to draw.  They do love to draw, so it gets a lot of use."
Good value for the price.  Bought as a Christmas present for a neighbor boy that is a very talented artist.  He seemed to like it very much.  Alot of pieces for the price!  Thanks!
"This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 6 year old grandson who appeared to be very excited when opening it. There are a lot of different mediums that he can use to ""get creative"" and the wood case will help him keep his tools organized."
"A gift well appreciated by it's new, young artistic owner.  It is in a case that works well with the traveler."
"I got this art set for a little girl asking for art supplies for this charity thing my work was doing. I was very happy with all that came in the art set and I hope the little girl was happy, too!"
Children ( all 4) seemed pleased at the variety.  They didn't like that the paper on the cover would not come off.  It was very glued down.
This was really a winner with my older granddaughter.  She loves to draw so this was just what she wanted.
My son is very much into artsy stuff and drawing. He is really enjoying trying the different types of products in the set.
"The set is large and offers many different options for art but the pens are really LOW quality and probably will dry up shortly which is the biggest percentage of the set. If I had the opportunity to see the set in a store, I wouldn't have bought it. But this is my child's first art set of their own and they like it. It just won't last."
My child is loving this art set it is a lot cheaper than others I have seen locally in stores
Our granddaughter is very happy with her deluxe art set.  She loves art and is enjoying designing and drawing with the set.
It is exactly what a beginning drawer / sketch artist needs. Great little gift with a durable case that nobody would be upset to receive.
my granddaughter loved the kit. Many good brushes and pencil colors to use. Wood case is well built and organized.
Bought the art set for a 10 year old.  Although the set offers many colors the quality doesn't seem to be there
"I ""adopted"" a young ""throw-away"" girl in the hospital recovering from abuse. She made out a wishlist for Christmas. This was on her list and Amazon had the exact thing she wanted. Perfect!!!"
It was well received by my great-niece. She was excited by the variety of the colors and mediums and with the ease of carrying them all around with her at one time in a case made her very happy.
"I purchased this as a gift, I like the wood case and all the variaty of colors, markers, the best gift for creative minds.

Compre este set para regalarlo, me gusto que donde se guardan es de madera, trae marcadores, colores y pastel, carboncillo para dibujar, es el regalo perfecto para una mente creativa."
Good variety of media. Life expectancy will about match the level of interest. As such it will not encourage repeat purchase of this brand.
"Most of the crayons are breaking on first use.  The sponge is mostly useless, but overall, a pretty average set."
"I purchased this for a kid who loves art and loves to draw. He goes through art stuff like you wouldn't believe! this is a great way to stock up on supplies, have variety, and keep the kid organized!"
Some of the things in this set seem cheap and not as good as I expected. It's fine for an 8 yr old though.
"I purchased this for my 8 year old Granddaughter. Products I would state are for a smaller child. Plastic scissors, not high quality items. But she is enjoying it--so it will do for now."
I mean it's a nice set and the case alone is reusable so that's good but I was thinking this came with that nice smudgy bright crayons and all that but it's more a nice case for cheap crayons and paint...I mean I love a deal so for $15 it's nice but $10 with the free shipping would be more in my range on this.
"Its great product plus iv received it on time and all the description do match the product.
I will recommend it to everyone."
"Even though I bought this product, I can't really rate it because I am not the one using it. I will say that it was well received and appreciated and the price wasn't too bad either."
this is the perfect gift for the young artist.  I bought two as gifts and both were put to use right away. Great quality and variety of art supplies in set.
They were Christmas gifts for my young Nieces so you can imagine how disappointed they were when they were opened.
"I got this for my 9 year old granddaughter and she loves it.  She is learning to draw and this goes along nicely, so she can see where her talents may take her."
This was a gift for my nephew for Christmas.  He loves to draw and color and this kit had everything he needed to do any kind of art project
I bought one of these art sets for my grandson and liked it so much I bought two more for two more grandchildren..  Nice quality and nice case to keep it neat
"Bought these for our daughters as gifts, they seemed to like it. Looked like fun activity.
Only suggestion would be to add some paper to test the supplies!"
Shipped when they promised and loved it.  The quality of the merchandise was great.  Nicer than your average Wal Mart style.
Bought this art set for 3 grandkids for Christmas. They were all thrilled. We will soon be getting many pictures.
I got this as a gift for my 30ish daughter and she loves it!  My daughter got an art award in college so she loves the set and uses it in her art work.
Great item for great price. There are so many different mediums to use and it's a great variety for all kids
"Art supplies for a little girl who can't wait to do everything! She could already draw before but now she has better tools and she loves this deluxe art set! She says , ""Now I am a maestra!"""
I gave this 3 stars because I loved the amount of material contained.  The wooden box was sturdy but the plastic holders on the inside were falling out.
"I bought this set for my 4 year old, and honestly, the markers are the only thing that work. The pigmentation of the crayons, pencils, and pastels is so poor you can barely even see color on the paper. The scissors and stapler are less than functional, and keep breaking apart.  The stuff falls out of the case, the wood is poor quality, its all splintery etc

I was not expecting anything artist's quality, but really, I don't think this was worth the price at all.

The saddest part to me is to see my kid thinking he did something wrong b/c nothing works.

The only reason this even has 2 stars is because, as I said, the markers work."
"plastic inside and wooden outside is very thin.  The outside ""wood"" cracked and started flaking off within a few weeks of use.  our girls are 4 and 6."
"I bought this for my 17 years old daugter. She like painting and drawing. She really love's it.
Great wood box, and lot of tools to draw and paint."
"A lot of variety in materials and seems to be good quality for the money, especially for a Black Friday deal!"
I bought this art set during the week of Cyber Monday deals for about $12. Went into Walmart saw a similar set for almost $30. Plus my 12 year old loved it!
The box is sturdy and very attractive.  The tools inside are just right for my 7 and 12 years olds and they have enjoyed creating refrigerator art!
"Was a great present that my 6 year old son and 4 year old daughter loved.

Perfect with all the material options for all colors, and even scissors, pencil, sharpener, eraser all included."
"This reasonably priced art set comes with everything a 9 yo budding artist needs. I added a drawing pad to make the gift complete. Everything comes in a nice carry case.

This arrived on time and in good condition."
"My 5 year old niece loves this art box! But the scissors were WAY to small for her, so we put another pair in there for her. Overall it's great!"
"I bought this set along with how to draw books, a stamp set and paper tablets as an art set for my 5 yr old granddaughter.  She loved it (so did her sister and mother)!  This set is a good one for the price.  If you are serious about art, you'd probably want a different one."
"Again, this was a Christmas gift but the receiver seemed to really like it. Some of the pieces in the kit were a little cheap but the pencils and oils will get lots of use."
This is a great gift for a younger child that wants to show off their artistic talent.  I will have more pictures hanging on my refrigerator.
This little set includes everything you need for the beginning artist.  Great little set that includes everything they need to achieve there full potential.
Love it for the hobbie I have of drawing plus finding a new way to bond with my daughter this was an amazing buy at a great price!
"My daughter loved this case - was so excited when she opened it. I, on the other hand, when wrapping it, found it to be somewhat chea - the latch was already not working properly. The shipping boxes were not damaged at all. Luckily, I told my daughter to just be careful when opeing and closing it - shes 10. The inside product seems to be holding up and she really enjoys it."
"All i have to say if that everything about this is cheap!!! The pain doesn't work, the wooden box falls apart even when taken care of and everything overall is just bad! Even for little kids. I bought this for my little six year old brother and he Literally couldn't use some of the things because they didn't color. Don't waste your money and especially don't bring disappointment to your little ones"
"The oil pastels were dry and useless, the markers didn't last a week and the paint cracked without much use. Very disappointed."
"This is such a cute art set and my niece loved it. It has everything a little artist would need, more than they know what to do with, but in a great way. Very happy I got this."
This set is ok. Nothing special. And the pencils fall out everytime it's opened or closed. The cheaply made scissors keep breaking as well
"It was Christmas gift - my grand daughter is heavily involved in Art, painting drawing ect. and she really liked and was happy with and so was I."
This was not bought for an experienced artist so I can only attest to the fact that a very creative little girl just loves this! It's price was amazing and she spends a great amount of time making new pictures.
"Gift for my 8 yr old nephew- he loved it. Michael's had a flash sale on a more expensive art set, but I didn't know that in advance.  Satisfied with purchase."
He thought it was great and has been using it daily.  Very happy with the selection and would recommend to others who have 6yr+ old artists in the making
"Looked cheaply packaged.
That turned me off.
Can't attest to quality of the art supplies as it was a gift for a Christmas toy drive.
Glad I didn't have to put my name on it!"
"My grand daughter absolutely loved this. She loves doing art work, it is relaxing for her 4 year old self."
In an age of electronics it was great to see my daughter burst this open right away and begin to experiment with all the art supplies.  It made a great gift.
My grandoughter goes thru these set like running water. It was so easy to order thru amazon and receive this art set with the drawing paper pad. I never left my home and it was perfect. Arrived just the way it showed in the picture and description. Very wonderful art set. Thanks
"The case is great, it holds the items well and they don't fall out when you open it up.  There are lots of color choices and it is a good buy for the money."
This kit contains a lot of variety and is in a sturdy wooden case.  I bought it for a 15 year old girl and she loved it!
I liked the product because it had a variety it was great for beginners. It is something I would consider buying again for another person.
"Great fun for aspiring artists!!! My children, ages 9 and 4 have really enjoyed these kits-I've enjoyed the time I get to do other things while they are busy creating!!!"
My step daughter loves to draw.  This item  when she opened  everything was in Great condition.  She was very  satisfied with it.  The shipping was fast  and the price was  great.
"I ordered this set for my little sister who loves to draw. She absolutely loved this set! I did not have a lot of money, but with this product I was able to purchase my sister a quality gift that she uses all of the time! I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to give someone a good gift, but cannot afford to spend a lot of money."
Looks better than it is. Wood case is nice but about it. All else is very cheap! As things run out I'll replace with better supplies.
This was a gift for our 9 year old granddaughter. She has a great sense of color & she wanted to try other things besides crayons. She was really pleased with it & the multiple mediums. The handle was a little less sturdy than I expected but still good.
This is ok for what you pay but the little scissors that came with it broke the first day and the markers are so cheap they barely work.
For an 8yr old. She loves to draw and there are a lot of things in this kit to keep her busy for hours.
As other reviewers have stated... The crayons broke and the paint brushes were/are stiff to the point they are not usable. Otherwise good.
"My nephew loves drawing so he was really excited when he opened this up on Xmas morning, glad he loves it its a really great item, nice condition, totally worth it! I'd definitely buy more in the future! Thank you!"
Christmas gift for my kids. They loved it. Nice case plenty of choices. Hours of fun and memories to pack away.
"The art set is ideal to the photo, its exactly the same. The case is real wood and the interior is nice not cheap or plastic. I bought this for my 9 year old son and I was worried it was too nice for him. Turns out he is taking better care of it than he did the the cheap plastic case ones as it's so nice. He has used everything in the case except for the sanding block. Everything writes colors and paints smoothly and bright. I am very proud to own this product and I feel I got a great deal for the little it of money I paid."
unable to comment on it since I am not the one using it...bought it for my son the talented artist
"Great set, good selection of items and colors. Only complaint is the hinges, these are very flimsy and one actually broke when I opened it for the first time."
Got two for my twin sisters on a lightening deal and they LOVE them! Perfect for two young artist :)
Nice starter set. Good sturdy case also. I would recommend this set for anyone with an art lover to buy for.  .
"great price,fast shipping,arrived in plenty of time,top on my daughters wish list.she was very happy when she opened it.lots of drawing options."
"The Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Pastel Paint is fantastic in very vibrant colors,only drawback are the paint brushes which are sub-par quality. Set needs an Ebony pencil,one would be great..Sanding block provided with this set is quite unique for an art set! Otherwise this is a great set ESPECIALLY for the price,and I would recommend this set."
"Nice set of a little of everything Art Set! And the Box smells great too!
If you work in many medias this is a great set to have."
The granddaughters loves these art kits.  They contain every thing you would need to be creative.  And all in one place.  Great gift for those who like to do projects with hours and hours of fun.
"I bought this set for two of my nieces...they are 8 and 10 in age and love to draw. They seem to like the set and have enjoyed playing with them, but don't expect high quality materials. I'd say they are halfway decent and this set is a good idea to introduce kids to different art supplies. Don't expect to make awesome works of art from this set though. Worth the on sale price, not the retail price."
Only problem was that there were no markers. Will have to get some separately to go with the rest of the kit.
"I ordered this for my 17 year old Niece who loves art.  When I received it, the description was for 6 years and above.  I found it to be too elementary for my teen aged Niece.  It will be a perfect gift for my 7 year old Nephew."
Good delivery.  Just as described.  Cute item - especially for a kid old enough to handle the supplies.  Comes in a nice little wooden box.  Great value for the $19-20 I paid.
My granddaughter is a budding artist and quite good if I may say so.  She is delighted with this product.  The variety will give her an opportunity to determine which medium she prefers.
"I bought this as a gift for my niece. She loves to draw and color and do anything artsy so when she opened this on Christmas day her face lit up and she yelled, ""Mommy! Look at this!"" It was clearly her favorite present of the day which made my day as well.
The product arrived promptly and in perfect condition.  Looks great and I'm sure she'll enjoy it."
"I bought this set for about $8. It's simple, but good for younger kids. It exposes them to new mediums and techniques. The case isn't super sturdy, but should last as long as your kids aren't too rough with it. This is what I would consider a beginner's kit, for kids about 5-8. It's not the highest quality, but if they are interested in trying any of the products more seriously, it's easy to upgrade, since this kit isn't very costly. There are better kits out there, but this one is ok for just trying things out."
"The quality of the case is not very good and the inside plastic holders keep falling out when the case is opened.  After I order this and got it delivered, found same product with 82 pieces at Michaels for $10 less. Very disappointed in this product!"
"Our granddaughter started creating artwork as soon as she opened the box, she said it was her favorite gift from us."
Bought this as a gift for my brother who's an artist and he was pleased with the quality of the materials. Even commented that the materials were professional grade.
I got both my grandsons this kit since they are incredible artists for 12 and 10. They both loved them.
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for a friend's boy, who loves painting. He likes it. Good start for him"
"I ordered this for my step granddaughter who is 12.  She loves to draw and I thought she might like these pens, pencils, etc.  Its a beautiful piece and she was happy with it.  I would say that if you are buying something like this for an older child, don't get this.  Its geared more for the young."
"This product is for kids, I found out when I got it. Very late. I was thinking it was more ""professional"". Still the product was in good conditions and was on time."
The wood on the box is so badly dried out that it was splitting and splintering when we took it out of the shipping box.  The paper attached to the front of the box showing the items inside left four globs of glue on the wood that won't come off.  The plastic inserts that hold everything in place fall out every time you open the box.  My son is going to just throw the box away and store the art supplies in something else.  Its not worth the hassle.
I knew the case was going to be kind of flimsy based on the price bit it is the kind that'll break on the first wrong move so be careful. Other than that its perfect for the price.
"This set of artist's supplies thrilled my grand niece. She loves to draw and is quite good, so she goes through these supplies rapidly. This wood carrying case is perfect for keeping everything organized."
"Bought one for my son and it was such a nice set that my daughter wanted one.  Found it online for $20 + $6 shipping, so very same thing for about half what it costs on Amazon."
My grandson liked it.  looked like it had a lot of what he could use.  glad that we bought it
"So disappointing. I bought this for my aspiring artist 7 year old, and the quality is even worse than I expected.
Those are not oil pastels, they are just more cheap crayons. And all the crayons are of such cheap quality they barely make a mark. The pencils don't even really work, with weak points and ""lead"" that keeps falling out when you sharpen them, leaving just bitty stubs. Crappy made in china replica of an art set. Don't waste your money -- pay more for a better set."
I got this for my two girls (5 and 3)  It has everything you could want to keep them entertained.  Good mix.
great Art set for the price. this is great for kids of any age. My son loves it. I got it for him for Christmas he loves to draw and color so this was the perfect gift.
"Based on the price it was probably OK, but some things like the stapler fell apart or jammed right away."
This set is no different from the plastic case sets if your a true artist or a kid this set is not worth it.if you have a five year old maybe she or he would get use out of it.
"I should have known better, but I was too lazy to head to the store and figured free ship was free ship.  I realized after receiving the product, to return it would deduct $6.19 from the total cost which made it useless to return.  I guess giving a subpar art set is what I have to do. :("
"I chose a two, because I liked the product inside the box, but the sticker shown in the image is a flimsy piece of paper that is glued directly onto the wooden case. So, to be clear, the art product inside the box is great, but you'll never get the paper scraps and glue off of the box after you get it."
"Very reasonably priced. decent quality and lots of useful stuffs.

Perfect for an art student or entry level artist.

Material and quality are quite decent, especially for the money and the selection that is included. Not first class professional quality of course, but pretty good and is more than sufficient for its intended use by the students.

The box is nice and may last a while if not asked to carry too much and heavy stuffs."
"Gave to a kid for their birthday. The only problem was, once she opened the wooden box, part of the colored pencils fell out. I like the idea of having all of the supplies in a briefcase, but the construction of the placeholders on the inside are not a good fit and things fall out easily."
"You get what you pay, but keeps my 5 year old busy for one week without loosing a piece.. worth the money."
"This Item was delivered really fast.  I got it in three days. It is a great Product, containing all that is needed for experienced and begining artists."
"I purchased this for my five year old artist. The quality is so cheap it's insulting. Crayola's crayons are better than these ""oil pastels"". They don't work well with any type of paper. The brushes lost so much hair on the first use. The paints are useless. Everything is of the poorest quality. Utter disappointment. I don't recommend for any age!"
The perfect gift for a 10 yr. old who loves to draw and write in a journal.  She will carry these memories for ever.
"My daughter has wanted an art kit for years and we finally placed it on her Christmas Wish list.  Grandma purchased it for her.  Upon opening the kit, one of the latches fell apart and the tray of art supplies fell out of the top of the chest.  We taped both plastic trays in place.  The labels for the individual supplies aren't even stuck into the indentations which were created for them.  This product is cheap, cheap, cheap and not worth the money.  Made in China.  If labor costs weren't so high in the US, I'm certain American workers could make a far superior product for much less money and something that would be worth the money.  They would have pride in their product.  Here there is none.  What a disappointment.  Amazon, please quit offering this."
"The person I got this for was thrilled with it, I purchased as a gift. I was glad it looked as pictured."
I gave this as a Christmas gift it looked like everything a young person would need to draw yes id recommend
"Got this for my grand son, I know deep inside he will love it, since he's always looking for something to do, this will keep him really busy."
"I was a little disappointed that the advertising doesn't include the (age:6+).  I may not have purchased this for my daughter.
BUT, I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of this starter kit."
This arrived quickly.  It is a substantial wooden box with a great layout for all (80) art supplies.  It is very professional.
This is a great art kit. I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old niece and I think she will thoroughly enjoy it.  It has so much that any budding artist will surely spend hours using it.
"BOUGHT THIS SET FOR MY 7 YEA OLD GRANDDAUGHTER,  SHE LOVED IT, IT HAD EVERYTHING FOR THE INSPIRING ARTIST TO WANT, ESPECIALLY SOMEONE WHO IS JUST GETTING STARTING TO DRAW."
Not high quality. Great for my 6 year old nephews who love to draw but I would NJ it call it deluxe. It made me feel cheap when they opened it. They didn't didn't seam to care or notice. Good for a young artist just don't give it as a gift for christmas or birthdays.
"Such a nicely packaged art set and so many beautiful colors, I just cannot wait to start using everything!  I had to order paper after I seen this set, could not wait!"
Nice art set for grand daughter whom loves to draw everything. She will have a great time with her art set and drawing books and sketch paper at Christmas.
"This is the cheapest set I have ever purchased.  The scissors broke the first time they were used, the eraser doesn't work, the ""oil pastels"" are actually just crayons, the crayons are not your normal crayons and do not work unless you press down REALLY hard.  A complete rip off.  I would have felt ripped off even if I had paid $5 for this kit.  While you may think you are getting a variety of colors, there are actually very few color changes.  All the purples, even though the containers are different shades, are the same shade and this goes for every color."
happy with this buy for my grand niece. just what she wanted to be creative. she is seven it was perfect
"My kids loved this, it was so fun to watch them play and bond with each other,  Bumpa got involved also"
My grand daughter loved it.  I think it was worth the price.  It is a great piece of equipment for any child with an artistic mind set.
"For the price, you can expect this is not top quality materials. And, it is adequate for a young person or someone who just wants to try some mediums to decide which they prefer. However - the label/stickers inside the box are all crooked, the assembly crooked or mis-matched, the brush tips not cut even (so the fibers/hairs are all un-even ends), the brushes are made of plain wood (no coating or paint covering), the latches on the box do not line up correctly... just very poor assembly. To try it, it would be fine. But as a gift, I am hesitating to give it."
"and rated a super buy.... great for a starter, and every one else  if you need a starter kit, this is it......"
"for the young girls in the family for christmas, just make sure they stay away from the walls in the house or else you will be painting the house after christmas as well."
"This is a great product for children who like to color. The case seems sturdy, and everything in it fits snug enough that you don't have to worry about it falling out of place. The scissors are very dull, but they can still easily cut paper. I have seen complaints about the markers being dry, but the ones that I received seem to work fine.
The only issue that I have with this product, is that it comes in a plastic sleeve, and there is an insert inside of the sleeve. The insert is actually glued to the front of the product. When I removed it, the glue stayed. I tried everything to clean it off, but you can still see it. It wouldn't be as bad had they glued the entire insert to the product, but they didn't. They spot glued each corner, and a spot in the middle. Regardless of that issue, I would still recommend this product."
Wonderful and much more than I was expecting. Didn't get five stars because the paper stuck to the front does not come off nicely.
"only problem should be a label near each kind of pencil,crayon etc. the gift was for a  6yr old who loves
drawing,"
These sets have anything an artist needs to create their pictures.  I chose it because this is what my granddaughters need to make their creations and improving their art talents.
I got one of these for both my children. They love them. I love to see the artsy side of them and they love to show it!
"Bought this for my daughter, looks amazing and I know she will love it being the little artist she is. Very pleased"
Very nice art kit. Has a little bit of everything and our daughter will love it! Excited I decided on this one for her.
"This is a christmas present but is a better looking art set than one we had been looking at I really think that she will like like it.
I really wood carry case it adds a nice touch ."
this gift is for my budding artist grand daughter.. she may only be four but her imagination is way over the top!
"My grandson has just started drawing and he is Autistic and loves to draw in detail, and he wanted an art kit so I got this one  this is a prefect  one to start with. Thank you and Merry Christmas"
The paints where hard to use but everything else has worked nicely. It is not professional standard but perfect for my 10 year old artists.
Its a nice gift for kids. I like the wooden case. My friends kids will enjoy that. Im glad I found it in Amazon.
"I bought two of these. One for my sister and the other for myself. When I received the set, I opened the one I would keep and began to attempt to draw with the pastels. They were like old chalk... the colors wouldn't transfer to the paper and were hard. The color pencils weren't much better and the paint brush included looked and felt like something from a cheap Roseart set..."
Super cheap. I wasn't expecting much but this thing is trash. The pastels are just crayons with no covers! Dont waste your money.
A gift for my 6 year old great granddaughter who loves to draw. It looks perfect for a little lady of her talents.
"Very excited to be giving these to our daughters this Christmas. Perfect starter set for your budding little artist. Nothing too complicated, but prepare to clean up some messes."
"The paints came to me fallen out and one crushed. Besides this it was clear to me the quality of this product was poor. Even for a child. It reminded me of when I was a child and receiving a really cool art set and the water colors were never saturated, the pencil tips always broke and the crayons streaked. Not really the best way to encourage a child to draw.  Go for something a little nicer."
"This purchase was a gift for my niece so won't have much feedback until after the holidays.  Hope she likes it?  Based on what I could see, the product looks like it's made well."
Looked much more expensive than what I received. Wouldn't have chosen it if had seen it in person. Wooden box was not what I liked
This gift was exactly what I was looking for.  My little artist is going to love it. Very neatly organized and stylish.
"Great gift. Timely shipping. I would recommend this for any young beginning artist. Painting, coloring, and all the basic supplies you need to get your creativity flowing!"
Gave this to my Grand Daughter and she loves it. Really good to see their creativity sparked. Love it love it!
"Saw this exact Darice 120 pc Deluxe Art set on sale locally (MA) in Benny's flyer 12/15/13 for $6.50 (""Reg. $12.99."") was going to buy but wonder, thank you for one star reviews, if it's even worth $6.50."
Got this as a starter art kit for my niece. The case seems to be made of balsa wood. I don't think it is going to be durable against a 6 year old and her little brother. Kit also has oil pastels which are going to be my sis in laws worst enemy. (Carpet walls furniture) that stuff will stain anything. If shipping for a young teen that's not sure if they like art or not this is a good kit. If shopping for an aspiring young artist that is in highschool or older this kit would be considered cheap and they will not use the supplies it came with
From what I could tell this is good.  I gave it to my Angel Tree kid for a gift so don't know how well they liked it or quality of the product other they eyeballing it when I received it.
Got this for my daughter as a present.  She loves it.  Great present for the artist in your life.  Recommend
I  HAVENT SEEN THIS ART KIT BUT THEY TOLD ME THAT IT ARIVED ALRIGHT AND LOOKS GOOD GOTTA WAIT TILL CHRISMAS TO FIND OUT IF SHE LIKES IT OR NOT
I felt for the money it had everything I needed. I really like the wooden case and handle. It seems very durable.
"I expected this to be much nicer. The box is just cheap plastic..the items inside are just ok.......not what I expected but then
""YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR""...........................Good under $10.00 product for a 5 or 6 year old."
"I bought this set as part of the gifts we are giving to a family we adopted this Christmas. The little girl had asked for art supplies and I thought this looked wonderful. I would have loved having all my crayons and paints in a little wooden case, when I was a girl.

In reality this is cheap Chinese junk and I won't be giving it to her. The water color paints were cracked and broken in their wells, the markers are half dried out, the crayons are fragile and waxy, and the wood on the box is rough and splintery. The pastels seemed to be of decent quality, but I didn't try drawing with one. I didn't expect professional quality for $24.99, but I did expect it to be decent.

If you're looking for an art set for your child, skip this one and either spend a little more or go find one in a hobby shop so you can see it in person. Very disappointed!"
My kids love to draw or make silly stuff.  This product makes great present for my kids.  Thank you very much!
I ordered this for my Granddaughter since she is taking art classes at school. She is a really good little artist to be only 11 years old and will put this art set to really good use and I can't wait to be able to frame her work and hang it in my house! Thanks also for the super fast shipping!
"great for  blooming artists, or even the beginning doodlers, great starter set especially when you can use the Darice 120-Piece Deluxe Art Set  as a filler when supplies are low"
"I use this as a filler set fo the Darice ArtyFacts Portable Art Studio, 131-Piece Deluxe Art Set, once my kids run through the supplies in that set"
GREAT FOR CHILDREN AND TEENS WHO ENJOY LEARNING TO DRAW.  COMPLETE WITH A VARIETY OF PAINTS AND COLORS.  A NICE CARRYING CASE MAKES IT EASY TO CART AROUND OR TRAVEL IN A CAR OR ON A TRIP.  IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN OR ADULTS WHO ENJOY PAINTING OR DRAWING.
"Got this as a gift for my brother in-law who is 9. The wooden box is very nice and strong, the product inside doesn't seem cheap either which is really nice for the money. Just wish they hadn't super glued the contents of the box on the outside of the wooden box."
"This item arrived on time. It was ordered for a grandchild for Christmas and has not been used as yet. It appears the crayons are not as good as when we were kids. For the money, ok."
this was a nicer kit than i expected for the price gift for grandaughter who is only nine years old
Bought for my niece. It'll be a nice introduction into art! She'll love it for Christmas! Lala lala lala lala
A-1 quality for the price!  My 9-year old granddaughter will love it!  It was shipped so QUICKLY!  The items inside and the case are fantastic!
A lot nicer than I thought. Not top of the line but great for the price. I bought 3 for my step daughters
They are perfect for my granddaughter for Christmas! She is going to be so excited. She will use the set all the time. This is just what she wanted to get!!!
"has a very good price/value relation. Good for kids, but not a professional set. Was delivery on time. I'll recommend it"
Came out exactly how it looks.  Bought it for my 10 year old cousin for Xmas and I'm almost positive she will love it. Tons of choices to color with
This is going to be a great xmas gift for my girl.  I think she will be very happy and the price was great. Thankyou
"My youngest granddaughter loves this kit, as it has all of the materials and tools she needs, plus she can carry it around easily."
"I received this as a Christmas gift, and I have to admit, it's terrible quality. The pastels and colored pencils are worthless, and the water color I don't know too much about, but also doesn't seem to be great. I would definitely get something of higher quality that would be much more worth it."
"I bought this as a gift for someone and while the set itself is fine, the packaging is another story. There was a piece of paper that explained what was in the case glued to the top of the wooden case. The glue had damaged the case so that when you take the paper off, some of the glue either stayed behind and was impossible to get off or had absorbed into the wood. It is a shame since the case it so nice to have it damaged by the packaging."
"I like this set because it has a lot of different things to paint for the price. The outside is made out of wood which surprised me, I thought it was going to be plastic. It makes a good gift for a kid that enjoys coloring."
This is a nice art set.  It has all the essentials and keeps them organized.  Bought two since the price was so good so the kiddos don't fight!
The material inside were cheaply made. The wooden box was okay for the price spent.  I was quite disappointed with this purchase.
"THIS IS ONLY FOR A CHILD, STARTS AT AGE 6!  I SHOULD HAVE READ THE TEXT MORE!  ARGGH!  RETURNIKNG IT FOR AN ADULT ""TO GO"" SET.  LARGER!  AND OH WELL .. WITH AN EASEL TOO!~  BUT FOR A CHILD?  THIS IS PERFECT."
"A 131-piece art studio for about $15. Too good to be true and it is. Poor quality. Stapler does not work, scissor broke, color pencils and crayons are so light they are of no use. Our son says markers are good so far. I need to buy something else to replace this one."
Kids love this set. So many different types of pencils.  They spent hours drawing and coloring the first day they got it but still use it regularly.
"This would have been a great gift if the box  had been sand so that there wasn't the possibility to get splinters. My daughter had to sand it down and then cover it with contact paper to make it save for her god daughter's Christmas preasant, she received the first splinter, while taking off the plastic wrap and paper label that was tightly glued to front  of box. This is why even after sanding it was necessary to cover with contact paper.  I know it wasn't that expensive but still you would expect it to be saver when it advertised that it was for three years and up."
Really a nice item to be used as a gift for my granddaughter.  Lots of stuff to loss and get into the furniture.  Good luck to all.
Not as big as I expected.  It is more like a sampler pack.  I supposed it is find for the money.
Perfect for a birthday gift.  We gave them recently for my daughters 2 friends who were turning 9 years old.  All kids with a creative bent would love this kit.  The box is really sturdy and lovely - especially for the price.
"The associated picture shows a sturdy leather strap handle. What I received was a much lesser quality case with a thin ""wobbly"" metal handle that promises to break with the first use."
Dabbling in painting is a great stress relief for just about anybody old o young. I am doing it to unwind and relax. This set gives a little bit of everything for all kinds of art.
This was a gift for a friend's daughter who loves to draw and paint. She is very artistic so I thought this would be a great way to start. Can't beat the price!
So many colors and kinds. My daughter loves it. The case is also very nice. It is great for kids.
Very nice art set. I purchased this for my niece for Christmas. The price was am unbeatable deal too. Recommend to anyone.
"Wasn't as nice as the picture looked, but for the budding artist I'm sure it will be loved and appreciated."
"I am not rating the kit, I am unhappy with the 3 maximum order restriction.  I have 6 kids in a family I am trying to buy for, and with kids the thing has to be identical or someone things they are loved less."
"Darice 80 Piece Deluxe Art Set  Poor Quality.

it is poor quality.  The glue used to adhere product description to the wooden box would not come off.  In addition the crayons and brush are also poor.  The picture looks much better than the product.  Stay away."
I bought this as a gift for my sisters son who is just getting into art.  I think it is a great starter kit for a 7 year old.  It is easy to handle and since everything has its own place inside the case it should be easy storage.
Great gift idea for any age.
I bought this gift for someone else last year and she loved it. the quality is good and its packed to the hilt with art materials.
"ha ha, thought i found an absolute steal (based on the photos) but instead got exactly what i paid for ($15.00), a cheap art set, oh well. it's a very small set, light as  a feather, and the contents are so-so. oh yeah, see the color photo detailing the contents which is attached to one side of the wood box, the one that can be seen in the amazon photos? well that's actually glued to the box - stupid me, i thought they used rubber glue or something that would make it easy to remove, nope, when you try to take it off it leaves a layer of the paper firmly in place, like when you try to peel off labels from cans. took a lot of effort, a steel brush, and lots of water to get the thing off, which of course trashed the wood finish."
"Cheap = cheesy (think Diary of a Wimpy Kid cheesy). Amazon should be ashamed of listing this junk on their web site. There is nothing ""Deluxe"" about this set: Cheap crayons, pastels are crayons without points, markers that will fade and expire quicker than your Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. 131 pieces of worthless junk. Well, maybe it's worth $5 or so for the case."
"My son love this product! To parent who wants increase their kids creativity and imagination buy this set because its good quality and compare to other cheaper, but not weaker."
Cheap and flimsy.  The markers arrived almost completely dry.  Was trying to find a bargain for a Christmas gift--guess I got what I paid for.
I love the quality of this art set. I'm sure that my daughter will love it. The price is great for so many pieces.
"This was a great value for what you get, it came when it was supposed to and I'm sure the little girl I got it for will enjoy it."
Great quality art set. Well constructed . Easy to store. Would recommend this highly. Great price and so much for your creative talents to work with. Would buy again.
Case seems a little fragile but the supplies look nice. My daughter is getting them for christmas so I can update shortly after that!
My 5 yr old son absolutely loves this and has gotten a lot of use out of it in the last few weeks - I think having a spot for every color/marker has kept us from losing pieces. Great value!
"Package arrived on time, packaged securely. Everything was just as described. I bought this for my 10 year old sister on her birthday and she loved it!"
"Don't waste your time and money~ dollar store junk in this kit.  I agree with another reviewer, better deal to buy from Hobby Lobby and get higher quality products."
Keeps the kids very busy. I've bought this Art Set before and the kids have loved it. Would diffinatelay  recommend it for the young children.
"Cute art set for my niece. She loves drawing and painting.  Not bad for the price. I have found similar art sets in other superstores and they're at least $20. I bought this for Christmas, so I will follow up and see if the quality of these pencils and crayons is any good."
"This is a nice little art set with good presentation and storage in a wood case. There is a wide variety of colors too. Makes a wonderful gift for a youngster interested in art.

PROS:
- Great variety of colors
- Multi-media
- Nice storage case
- Very inexpensive

CONS:
- none"
"While not really a ""serious"" art set, the six year old that I gave this to Loved It, and that is how to look at this boxed set. Give it to a young artist-to-be and let their imaginations run with it."
"This item is a gift for my artistic daughter in-law, She will love it and get plenty of use from it. Great value for the money and the case is a plus."
"they did not have it in stock ,,ones you Oder it, they turn around and get it from a different company for cheap and then they sale it to you for more"
Exactly what I need to do my pictures. Is very complete. I do not needed to get extra color or brushes.
I bought two of these for Christmas presents for my Grandson and Granddaughter.  I took the protective plastic off when they arrived so I could check them out and am really pleased with the contents.  I only wish the full sized label on one side would peel off easily as I want to decorate the wooden box with their names and some graphics but do not wish to try umpteen methods of removal.  Still does not detract from the wonderful contents.
"I admit, I did not read the reviews on this art set. This is cheap made I wish I would of went with the one that was a little more expensive."
"Bought this for my younger brother.
He loved the multi color options. It's a great start for new artists, lots of options between pencils and wax crayon and chalk for them to experiment with"
"This is the second set I have ordered. I ordered one at just under $15, and, when this went into the Black Friday deals, I purchased another. I will be donating it to a toy drive, but I think it will be a nice gift."
"the box looks great on the outside but has chipped off on the back.
aside from the sale price, the items inside are not of very good quality.
might have been better off getting the crayola one."
"I ordered this before the black Friday deal, and paid the 14.99. I think it's worth that, but not the full price. I am donating it to a toy drive...sometimes people forget that ""older"" children need a nice holiday, too."
My 8 year old daughter is going to love this at Christmas time. This will work well for those long road trips to Grandma's house.
"Wow. I am completely blown away by how poor quality this set is. It cannot possibly retail for $40. I paid $15 and am sending it back. You would do better spending half that at a box store.

Things that are obviously low quality upon first glance include the following:

- the metal handle (pic shows leather) is not screwed in all the way on one side
- the notches in the case for the hinges are crooked and jagged
- the hinges are attached crooked and actually coming apart
- the label in the top of the case is so crooked as to have paper extending beyond the edge of the box
- the label is glue in several places and rips when you try to remove it, leaving glued paper on the box
- the cases on each side of the box are thin, bendable plastic, and the case in the lid falls out with all of it supplies when you open the lid
- the art supplies themselves have not been used, but they look to be lower quality than Crayola colored pencils, etc.

I should note that I bought this set as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old daughter. Even she would be appalled. Please skip this set and save yourself the return."
I would not.record this the reason it is only 14.00 is because the only thing that works is the paint but that barely works to the colored pencils always break and you have to go over the same spot about 20 times and it barely shows up and for the pastells same as the colored pencils I got this for a x-mas present I thought it was wonderful at first (before I opened it) and then none of the stuff worked
"What this art set for my niece, she loves it and the colors are very bright.  Overall a nice set"
Once again I haven't used everything in the case.  But I am pleased with this purchase as well as the price.  Nice.
"I purchased this for my grandson, he loves to draw and he loves it and now his little brother wants one too."
Got this for my 2 year old daughter to play. Got what i paid for. Pastels are useless and pencils/crayons were also not good. Really not worth buying
"was a surprise gift my little 3 years artist, and she loves it. great product, for best price you may ever see."
"This is a great gift for someone who likes art.  The item was in great shape, and had plenty of things for the budding artist to use.  Planning on ordering another one as a gift."
"A nice selection of items for my 20 year old art student granddaughter. However, I would change two things in the advertisement that is pasted onto the top of the box:  Obviously, do not past an advertisement on the wooden case.  Second, it is called a 'professional' case, and yet a large area on the upper right hand side of the advertisement
states: "" Age 6."""
Really cheap set. Nice for a small child not for anyone who really wants to do art. Nothing deluxe about it
My son adores this set. He is an avid artist and loves this set to pieces. He guards it from his siblings. the wooden case is perfect for putting away out of reach of the other kids.
"We ordered as a birthday present, and the 12 year old LOVED it!  She is into drawing and painting, so it was right up her ally :)  I gave a 3 stars because the handles on the case was bent, but we didn't send it back since it came past her birthday and didn't want to wait longer on another one."
took a little longer than expected but I know my daughter will love this for christmas. Looks like it should be a good product.
"our granddaughter loved her present,i expect she will be making really good use of the art set as she loves drawing."
"My niece is a crafty little gal. This will be perfect for her. She draws and colors and pastes. You name it, she loves it."
"I have bought these sets before, good value for the price, I wish there was a case you could buy to keep it sturdy, kids love these sets, i buy them every year."
"If You are an artist or have a little artist starting out this is a nice kit to get. The case is ok and gets the job done.
The supplies inside are fine enough to do the job. Worth the price."
"The case is unfinished wood.  The insert is cheap plastic.  The art supplies are not very good quality.  But you get a lot of stuff for the price and my daughter seems content to draw, paint and color with all the included supplies.  So, yeah, quantity over quality wins the day in the this case."
"This art set provides a great variety of supplies for a young artist. The products are not the best quality, but for my 5 year old, they will do. THe packaging is smart, although the plastic is rather cheap."
"My grandson wanted art/drawing supplies for his eighth birthday so I ordered this with a couple of drawing books.  He was really impressed with this kit, as was I, it looks like much more expensive sets."
piece of crap actually i bought it because of the box.  but even the box is crap. pencils are very bad  pastels are even worse and they all came melted  i do not recomed this product
This will make a very reasonably priced birthday/Christmas gift for the price.  It is just like it looks & is described.
"Bought this for myself just to mess around with and I have quite enjoyed it. I usually just stick to drawing with pen and pencil or sometimes marker, but this set helped me expand my horizons and creativity with all the different type of art media. If your stuck on one art media get this a just try to explore your creativity, you won't regret it!"
"it came with every thing and not broken it was in plastic and a wide box it was amazing
best thing i have ever bought"
"I bought this for my 10 year old grand daughter for CHristmas. I am not giving it to her. It is a very cheap set. The brushes are worthless. They came damaged, the bristles are all bent. The water colors and pencils are cheap in quality. I would have been better off going to the local discount sotre and picking up a pack of colored pencils and water colors made by crayola. The case is even cheaply made."
i love this item for myself. But i actually brought it for my niece which loved it aswell  Its a winderdul buy and very affordrdable
"At this price, I would give this 5 stars if it had come with the right marker colors. It came with two dark purples and no pink (which was important to my girls) and two oranges but no dark blue (which was important to my son). Otherwise, I am completely satisfied. If this issue can be sorted out, then I know you can't do any better for this price. We are homeschoolers and they are great for the intro to art and the crafts that we do. Each child has their own, and at this price why wouldn't we? They have mechanical pencils, glue sticks, scissors, and pens on the side to round out their school supplies in each cubby."
"We bought this for our 7 year old budding artist for Christmas. We didn't want to spend ALOT as she is considered a beginner, but we were not even impressed with this for a 7 year old. The pencils break very easily. Most of the pastels quality are equal to sidewalk chalk.  To tell you the truth, Crayola colored pencils are much better in quality than these ones.  The water colored paints were very poor in quality as well. The only nice thing about this product was the wooden container. It made the product look fancy, but the insides were not fancy at all."
Nice price and nice quality. Excellent for kids or even adults with interest. Cost saving choice for those who just want a try for various types of tools.
Bought this for my sister as part of a Christmas gift. She draws and sketches so i k ew shed like this. She loves it. So im happy.
this is gonna be perfect for my 7 year old grand daughter. there is a large variety of items for her to draw with. very happy with the price. and a nice carrying case to keep it all together.
"Purchased this set last Christmas. I was assuming most pieces would be lost by now, but my daughter thinks it is a very special kit since it is in its own wooden case. The markers are still working fine. The scissors are pretty lousy, but I wasn't expecting much out of plastic only scissors. Love the set."
Thanks - product looks great will make a good present for Christmas!  Thanks again! Will shop again with you all!
This was a nice art kit for our daughter.  She likes trying different mediums and loves the variety of colors.
"Okay so When I was 8 I got this box for christmas, loved for about 2 weeks and then put it to the end of my closet. In grade 9 I started an art class and I needed to get some water colours and this is where this came in.
These watercolours are just so amazing. I love them so much and they are so much fun to use and the come off my clothes super easily. And the pencils I use all the time, never have had to buy much else in terms of art supplies. I love it. and I was so happy to get this for christmas."
"My grandnephews loved it and are still playing and producing great art with this set, they prefer to do art to play with tablets. Great gift for nowadays kids."
"Still the same!!! I had this set when I was young, so i decided to get one for my neice for her 6th birthday. Well she LOVES it! She takes it everywhere she goes. Really good price for what you get. I wouldnt buy this for kids no older than 8 because of the quality."
This here was a good buy! My three kids enjoy drawing so this will make a good Christmas gift for them. Thank you
i believe my 10 year old daughter is going to love this very much! She likes to draw and color
"its a nice set and my grand daughter loves it. she likes it  she likes it, its crap that you require a longer review she likes it what more do you want me to say"
"I bought this as a gift for my 5 year old son.  When he opened it his first impression was like mine--lots of cool stuff!  However, once you start to use it you see the problems.  The crayons are of poor quality and are too waxy and don't add a lot of color.  I thought the ""oil pastels"" would be like the ones I grew up with.  They are not.  They are just like crayons except shorter and without pointy ends.  I honestly don't see the difference between them and crayons.  The paint is hard to use.  It needs lots of water to get any color on the brush.  It comes with a ""palette"" but I seriously doubt a 6 year old (recommended age) is going to use the plastic tray that is the palette.  The markers work well and have a nice variety of colors.  Overall, it looks better than it is.  It would have been better to buy a nice set of markers and some crayola products."
Purchased this for my 4th grade budding artist...Beautifully packaged in a nice case  that latches securely. Comes exactly as shown.
"This was a Birthday present for my 7yr old great granddaughter, she loves to draw and paint was very excited to receive it"
"My granddaughter loves the art set. Materials of this quality give her the confidence to draw well. Thanks to Darius for producing
such wonderful products."
this was bought for a birthday gift for my great grand son. he loved it and takes it everywhere she goes. the value was outstanding'
"Great value, my grand daughter  loved it. Nice wooden box to store the items and a lot of colors to choose from."
"I bought two of these, each a gift for my 9 year old granddaughter and my 7 year old grandson.  Both are really into drawing and this set has everything they need for kids of this age.  The price was good and I would consider buying additional sets for other relatives in the future."
"This is perfect for each of my two youngest grandkids, who are 4 and 3 years old.  The price was right and both love to draw and color.  I would recommend this again, although not for someone who is seriously into art."
"I bought this for my nephew for his 10th birthday. He told me that it gave him all possible art supplies that he would ever need and that he loved it. So since he is happy with this item, so am I."
I purchased this for my six year old daughter who has shown an interest in art.  The set was in perfect condition and all the pieces were intact.  I am very excited to see her develop some skills.
Great value. My 4 year old enjoys this set very much. She is occupied for a nice long time every time she opens it up. Suggestion: do not let the water color brush stand brush down for long in a cup. It will loose it's form.
Purchased as a gift and my goddaughter loved!  She uses it to this day (about a year later).  She is 9.  Personally I think the product itself might be a bit too bulky and possibly a better organization solution would help.
Purchased as a gift for my grandson.  Seems like a great gift for a budding artist.  Not sure what he thinks of it.
"Bought for my baby girl she loves it, lots of colours and paints. Makes the little one want to draw all the time."
It's got great art supplies for my children. My girls love using the art set to make their pictures and paintings. Fun for the whole family
the art set is nice for beginners but is not great quality. If you're looking to have a bunch to choose from then its nice but don't expect the quality to be great. (you get what you pay for)
"This was a gift for my 10 year old, she love it! It has everything she needs and likes and looks very professional!"
"Will keep your child busy for hours.
Purchased as a gift for a 10 year old and she loved it."
My husband and I bought fifteen of these for a charity donation at Yule.  It's a great generic item for boys and girls and the $6.00 price tag made it affordable for us to get a lot of them to give away.
"Gave a niece, she liked it,but also improve the quality of personal feeling of the space!
The appearance of wooden case is so cute"
I Got This Art Set For My Girlfriend For Her Art Class And Its Been Awesome For Her! She Loves It!!
i bought this for my niece who is a budding little artist. she love the set very much and cant stop using it. i will have to get a next one soon.
"My niece absolutely loved this - loads of colours and different things like felt-tips, pencils, crayons, etc.  I bought this to go with the Mandala Designer."
My niece was turning five and this was the perfect gift for her! She loved that it was a 'grown up' art kit. :)
I got it for one of my grandchildren and it looks complete and in good shape. I feel sure that she will enjoy it.
"Great product, lots of options for painting, easy to carry and store. Kids love it. strongly recommend supplier. Product arrived on time and packed accordingly"
"Bought this for a weekend trip to the Poconos. My friends and I made some really beautiful art while drunk. Thanks, cheapo art set! <3"
I bought this for my granddaughter and it was ok but cheaply made. I think she was more excited about a gift coming in the mail than the actual gift. If you need this for serious projects I wouldn't buy it but if it is for a young child it is an ok product.
"A gift for another art newbie who was conflicted about which medium he wanted to start with and continue with. I thought, why limit him. He actually liked them all, that he's used so far (everything in the kit). I know that he's having fun and...."
"Liked the kit, it has a little but of everything included in a well-thought out design. Purchased for a younger artist."
This was a gift for my niece and she love it and it got there fast and in great condition
"This art set was all my daughter played with for weeks. There are a good variety of different things in this kit pencils, pastels, markers, eraser etc. The carrying case is nice and durable and this was a good buy."
I bought this set for my 8 year-old granddaughter because it's similar to mine.  She feels very grown-up using it and just loves all the things in it.
I got this for my grandson who was so impressed he could carry his art studio with him. The quality of the products is very good.
Purchased this for my 6 year old daughter and she loves it.  She uses it every day.  It holds the crayons and color pencil nicely.  I need to load up on the crayons though.
bought for my wife she really loves it and would recomand it to anyone who likes this kind of stuff
** This was a perfect gift for my 7yr. old She loved it. It came quick and we had not issues with the product.
"Great, just as described.  Would recommend this product  to others.  On time delivery.  Love the color choices and the pallet choices."
Our kids love it. Very nice Kit has more than enough choice to go with. The handy case is nice and definately worht the money.
Great product for my 5 year old she felt so grown up with this special art set not sure if quality for an actual artist but is great for my daughter
"i got this for my wife for her arts and craft room and she loves it. It works great, nice price"
"I got this for my 8 y/o. She loves them, but they seem a little low-quality. The case is nice (wood), but one of the trays is not glued in like the other side."
Instead of taking a gift across country to my Granddaughter I allowed her to pick something from Amazon and this is what she chose.  It came quickly and she was delighted with the set.  The contents were nice and the case was perfect.  It sure made everyone happy happy happy.
"Our family has a lot of children and sooner or later they all visit my house.  I even get to homeschool some of them!

It's always a challenge when they're cooped up in my small house for a day while it rains or snows or any other inclement weather reasons to play inside.

I finally got several of these art sets because they cover the pencils, crayons, paint...you name it, the set has it.  It closes and can be put away and the kids LOVE IT!

They grab their color books, tracing paper, construction paper and off they go to hours of indoor fun!  By the end of the day, they have presents for everyone and I have new art for my refrigerator door!

Kids range from age 6 to teenagers...they all play with their art set!  A great investment in the children in my life...well worth any price but these sets are even reasonably priced."
This product is everything it is advertised to be.  Great product and fantastic purchase price.  I would recommend it to anyone.
"I was looking for a kit for my sons' art class.  This kit fit the bill perfectly.  It keeps everything nice and neat.  My only complaint is:  the label on the front is glued on, meaning it doesn't come off cleanly."
"Bought this for my grandson for christmas as he loves to draw. Couldn't of found a better set, he loves it and uses it all the time."
should have read the outside label for children 6+.  was looking for a more adult starter kit.  oh well.  my fault
Cheap! The pastels are more like a hard crayon. Very few sheets of paper in the tablet. Nice presentation but very disappointing.
"Most of the materials are dried out or don't take well to paper, such as the colored pencils, water colors, and crayons. The graphite pencils aren't too bad, same goes for the eraser and steel sharpener. This is something you buy for children, wouldn't recomend to even amateur artist."
This is an excellent entertainment for a rainy day  It allows the child to use their imagination and create an artistic creation.  What a wonderful way to while away the hours with your child.
"the smell of the product is bad, but my little cousin liked it. it is a good gift for a elementary school student."
My daughter 9 Loves her kit.  Uses it all the time. Quality is not the best but very good for the price.
"Got this for my 3 yr old girls and its perfect a little bit of everything without being expensive. the scissors did keep coming apart but the plastic pieces just needed to be glued in place, It has kept them busy !"
My great niece loved her present.  I was so happy when she opened the gift.  She was also pleased I remembered what she wanted.
Ok for kids or a starter kit but it's not the best quality stuff. If you're a real artist go for something better.
"As many of the other reviews stated with regards to the quality of this kit, you do get what you pay for. I got this for my 4 year old as a birthday present. It has taught her to keep things together, put away and organized. She absolutely could not be happier with the kit, uses it often and loves the 'big kid' variety aspect of it. Definitely not meant for serious artistic work, but excellent for children's use."
"I got this for my grandson that is 8 years old. It has a very nice case that everything comes in. It had a lot more in it than I expected. I would say this would be more for a 12 year old person or even older. I would think it would be good for an experienced artist, but he liked it, so that is all that matters."
Well I guess I was expecting too much. It is under 10 dollars. Very cheap.  Not for anyone with artistic talent.
"For the price it's a gem. We got one for our son, then bought much more as present for our friend's kids"
not really good quilaty any thing it has things in here for beginners but if you have ANY time in art the short comeings just become annoying.
"You can find everything in this box. All very good packaged. With a box very cool, very good maked. So portable."
this is the worst art supplies i have EVER gotton i bout this and drew with it many time when i was done with my sketches i disided to cut it out but the scissors had no blade and the quality was VERY VERY CHEAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"My husband recently went on a mission trip to Mexico and wanted to bring a small gift for the daughter of his host family.  Not knowing her interests, we thought she might enjoy this art set. She grinned from ear to ear when she received it and spent the week making little cards and drawings for everyone. It was nice to be able to give her a nice surprise without spending a lot of money."
"this is for my 20 year old autistic son he loves to draw and now that hes on vacation from school I thought it would be great to get him this to get him off the computer for awhile, its nice but the crayons are a bit on the cheap side cant smudge with them the pencils are nice
the item came very quick thanks a bunch"
"Cheap set, which is fine for a child. I do like the wooden box that holds the other items. I wouldn't waste your money."
This is a great art package with lots of things to be creative with.  This kit has it all. Very nice
Item was as described.  Came in a great case which made the present that much more special.  Nothing was broken in box either
My grand daughter enjoyed this gift very much.  She loves to draw and asked for this as a present this year for her birthday.
This is a great kit for the grade school students that participate in our 3rd Grade Poster Contest. Quite a variety included and a nice wooden box.
"You get a lot for your money, definately worth it.  Paints aren't dried out, and even the case is nice quality!"
My daughter really likes this.  She picked it out as a gift for herself and was very happy with it.
I have bought  a number of these kits over the years for my grandkids and they are always a hit with them.
For the price the art set was good. I would say it would be a perfect gift for kids or beginners.
"The arrival of the goods at the very fast, like a child, get started playing, and she told me she was like"
I gave this to a granddaughter several years ago and she is so careful to put everything back in it's place after she uses it. I realized her brother needed one. He is so excited.
He loves art and drawing. He can sit and draw and create for hours! This was just what he needed to get started!
"This is for my 11 years old granddaughter for her birthday, she is going to love it. She love to draw"
"sooooooooo good, i like it. it is useful, and it looks like the picture. you should but one i think. haha~"
This product is very awesome for kids. 120 pc set for only 10 bucks is worth it. It will last you for some time.
"This set is of extremely poor quality. Every material is cheap. Some people might try to rationalize that it's okay to give something like this to a child, because hey, kids don't care if the supplies are crap, right? Well, some kids do care, and the ones who don't know any better will still be frustrated that the materials don't ""work"" properly. The colored pencils are extremely cheap and don't even compare in quality to Crayola colored pencils, which aren't the best quality from an artist's standpoint. The pastels are horriblelike greasy crayons...again, a set of Crayola oil pastels are of much better quality than these (Crayola actually makes a pretty good set of oil pastels, and Amazon sells them). The ""watercolor cakes"" are a complete joke. They're lightly glued in, and every time the case is closed, several of them fall out. The drawing pencils are so cheap that you'd do way better to just use a regular #2 school pencil to draw with. Ours also came with markers, which were the low-quality throw-away type you get when you buy a book from the dollar store with markers included. My kids were gifted two sets over Christmas, and while we appreciate the thought behind it, it was shocking how crappy and cheap the quality of ALL the materials was. I don't fault the giver at all, but rather the distributor of such crappy quality materials. The case looked nice, however the wood is flimsy like some type of balsa wood, so don't expect it to be very protective or to hold up to a lot of wear & tear.

It's unbelievable that this set could ever be priced as high as $39.99. Right now it's on sale for $12.95, but honestly, it's still not worth even that much. Don't fall for the temptation to get ""80 pieces"" for just a few bucks. Those 80 pieces will cause your budding artist much frustration and disappointment. Also don't be fooled by the picture. Some of the items look like they're nice enough, but they're not worth having even for free. My family and I all tried everything out and I wouldn't be writing this strong of a review if there was anything worth even $12 in the set.

Before I sound like an art-supply snob (I'm not! I'm not even really an artist, though my husband and son are), let me say that this review is not in any way about me trying to sound superior and knocking discount-store art supplies. This is me saying that, while there *are* better options out there than Crayola-type supplies, this set makes Crayola-type supplies look like expensive professional supplies in comparison. I'm saying that these materials are basically disposable junk, not fit for anyone to use. I felt obligated to do a review, to save someone from wasting even a few dollars on something this bad. You or your gift recipient deserve much better than this. You'd do so much better to buy separate, decent sets of oil pastels, watercolors, colored pencils, and drawing pencils. None of these items are necessarily expensive on their own, anyway. Again, Crayola makes decent oil pastels. For colored pencils, Prang makes sets that are low-priced but surprisingly high-quality, and if you really want a treat, splurge for a Prismacolor Premiere set. Prang also makes fairly high-quality watercolors at a reasonable price. Either search for these things on Amazon, or visit Michael's, Hobby Lobby, or JoAnn and check out what they have, especially when they have sales. For around $50 you can purchase every type of supply listed in this set, but you'll be getting very good quality materials-- something that, when it comes to art supplies, definitely matters...even for kids!"
purchased for my 11 year old niece who loves to draw she loves it ...and that says it all on time delivery
there is nothing to complain about this item i loved it because i bought it for my sister and she loves it
"The markers only work for a short time and then stop working.  The other stuff works for longer, but still doesn't last."
Got two of these for elementary students that I tutor to use during the summer.  All that was needed to be added for them was a pad of drawing paper.
"For most of us, life feels like a movie we've arrived at forty-five minutes late.

Something important seems to be going on . . . maybe. I mean, good things do happen, sometimes beautiful things. You meet someone, fall in love. You find that work that is yours alone to fulfill. But tragic things happen too. You fall out of love, or perhaps the other person falls out of love with you. Work begins to feel like a punishment. Everything starts to feel like an endless routine.

Life happens. But. It does not happen to you!
You happen to it!
We r not victims !
For everything that happens in life there is a decision I can make that will make the outcome manageable. Poor decisions: sad consequences. Good decisions : Happy Consequences.
;~PB"
"This is a nice color set.  The only problem that i have had with it is that the paint blocks are difficult to work with.  Other than that, it is very nice."
"This is an economy training bicycle.  It is good to experience the pricey equipment, early on, just to know how it works, however this is a very good set to get used to using the media.  The price is worthwhile, for what is included."
It was a little more sophisticated than for the 3 yr old for whom it was purchased. She will grow into it I guess.
"Very Cheap Made, Markers, dry out fast and scissors where plastic and my Daughter just through away! Buy from Walmart website instead!"
I purchased these for my great nephew who lives out of state.  He likes to draw.  This set had an assorted mixture of colors and paints.
"This is a good beginner kit for elementary school age children, to introduce them to pastels and basically the concept of having a traveling art kit.  The case is cheap plastic, and the contents are cheap, but that's okay since the kids will tear it up anyway."
love this. bought this for my boy friend bday.. he's an artist and he used it to paint alot of pictures and i loved it. he loved it also. thanks
Got this for my son and he loves it. I think the case makes it look important so he has taken extra care of it. The eraser is terrible and will ruin your art work. First thing to do when you open the case is to toss it and replace it with a good one. Aside from that it is a good product.
This is a great kit for kids who need to have something around to occupy them... for the price you can't beat it.
It was for a gift to a 7 year old.  She loved it!  and is great to have the case and everything included.
It was ok. I'm not going to call it a waist but the kneaded eraser didn't work and when I closed the case it keep falling out. But it did come handy so that was helpful!
This case comes with everything you need to keep your child occupied for hours. My daughter also really enjoyed the fact that the outside of the case was plain so she could decorate and personalize it herself!
"Bought this for my older niece who loves to Draw!  She loves it! nothing Fancy.  It has watercolors, colored pencils and some sort of crayon looking thingies! :)"
"I bought this for my 7 year old daughter and she loved it. It's perfect for young artists; there are a lot of variety of mediums, and while they aren't the best quality, they are perfect for young children to experiment with. For the price, you can't beat it."
"These were a gift and made the perfect impression on my ""target"". The selection / collection is perfect in getting an artist back on his feet. :-)"
"Got this set for my daughter who wanted an art kit.  It was a good price.  The case is wood, but kind of flimsy.  It has everything you need though.  Just add paper  :)"
"Probably a bit much for my 6 year old aspiring artist, but it is a rather cheap-quality set.  It is more for the show value than the actual product.  It is still together a year later, but most of it has never been touched outside of the colored pencils."
"It's  a Ideal Dream come true for a Child's Dreams.... we gave this to our Grand Daughter for her birthday... she fell in love with it ... when she saw it. I am sure that many wonder full  hours of enjoyment will come from her mind to paper with the use of this  great set of colors.... only time will tell us all if she will go on for ever more and become a great Art's ...or just a dreamer  that we all will share...
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Darice-80-Piece-Deluxe-Art-Set/dp/B002NZJ4L6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Darice 80-Piece Deluxe Art Set</a>

Great price for what you get and it all comes in a very nice wooden box..as well to .."
"Great value, wonderful art kit for my 5 year old.  Not super heavy solid wood, very light and portable.  Organized and fun."
"This was ok, but I wish we hadn't gotten it. I was on an art supply kick. It's cheap stuff. Oh well..."
"I have not opened it as it is a gift, but it looks nice. I hope she likes my choice."
We bought this for our daughter and she loves it. It has so many different options for her when playing and doing her art work. She loves the hard cover as well.
All 120 pieces are useful. The quality of each and 1 of them is satisfactory. Just the pencil sharpener is not the sharpest tool in the box :D.
"I got them for my granddaughter and she loves them. She doesn't have to constantly sharpen them because the tips break under pressure, and for me that makes it a winner as she uses the pencils both at school and at home. I have no problem in recommending them."
"My kids still love it! goes great with an easel. they still play with it long after Christmas, a must have."
"My kids 8 and 13 love this, They each love to draw and the set gives them all the tools they need to explore thier artistic talents."
This is a very good product and I am very happy with it. It has everything I need to get my cartooning work done.
This was a nice little set for the price..got this for my little neighbor girl and she loves it..uses it all the time!
"this is a new brand for me but this  brand  does not disappoint, come with a all the things
s described  for the crayons as well great to keep kids active"
"I bought this for Christmas for my nephew who is a budding young artist. It's an easy to carry, well versed set of tools for creativity. He liked it, and uses it."
"I bought this product for my 12 year old niece and she loved it. I recommend this product if you're buying it for a child, but not for an adult."
"I got this for my daughther who also loves drawing,she is becoming quite a good one just by playing,practicing on pictures like hands,roses etc."
"I got this for my 7 year old and she loved it!! Plays with it everyday for hours!! Everything is great quality, except the scissors - they are super cheap and don't really work."
This is a great beginner set for our 9 year old.  She loves the different mediums and the case helps to keep it organized and neat.
The Easter Bunny got this for my daughter for Easter and she loves it.  I think it's a great deal for the price.  She easily closes it up and takes it with her where she wants to go!
"THIS ITEM IS TOP NOTCH,
EVERYTHING AN INSPIRING ARTIST WOULD NEED AT A BEAUTIFUL PRICE.
THIS SELLER IS SUPERB,
SUPER FAST SERVICE AND EXCELLENT PRODUCTS AT GREAT PRICES."
Bought this as a Christmas present. It was the perfect choice for a young artist. Set comes with quality materials and enough variety to please.
My grandson is very artistic and he has wanted a set for a long time.  I ordered this for his birthday.  It has more than he had thought about having in one set.  He loves it.
"Bought this for a 9 year old budding artist.  Great way for her to get to try all different kinds of art mediums to find what she prefers using.  I love the wood case, but the label is glued on top...looks kind of tacky.  When I removed it, it lifted the finish off of the box in 5 places where the glue was.  We'll just make that the bottom.  A little disappointing though."
Kind of junk. Nothing to write home about. I didn't even recieve the one in the pic so my review probably isn't the best.
"When I order this, I was expecting a very small wood box , I did not think that it would be something so exceptionaly nice and complete ! It is beyond what I was hopimg for, I LOVE LOVE IT ! It was just what I realy needed and I am truly happy with it. I  am defenetly  recommending this item to who ever is looking for a starter kit to start doing some artwork . Thank you. Audriana"
"My son is really into Art right now so this was a great Valentines gift for him, he loves it!"
"This is one of the nicest art sets for children.  I keep sets like this for my grandchildren when they come over.  They spend a lot of time drawing, painting, and coloring."
"I bought these boxes for my granddaughters because I bought them painting classes for Christmas.  The paints are nice, but the labels on the boxes are glued to the wood, and there's no way to remove it without damaging the wood.  We ended up peeling off the labels, sanding and restaining the boxes."
"Made an excellent Christmas present for the artist in the family.  Word Word Word Word Word Word
Why are a set number of words required?  Who is writing the review?"
"Product arrived on time in very good shape. It was a wonderful gift, Has go much in art kit and is priced good. Would like to buy from seller again. Ty"
"The grand kids(of all ages) had so much fun with this kit, there was everything they needed for hours of fun"
"I presented this to my Kid and she enjoyed. The first word she said after seeing this is ""Wow, So Big !!!"""
Contains a wide variety but the pens and crayons are low quality.  Box is nice though.  Ok for kids and young adults but not for a serious artist.
"My sister has always been able to draw beautifully. When he son started showing interest in it, we knew this was the perfect gift for him. And we were right!"
"A fairly nice set for a novice painter.  The price was well within the range of the quality of the product.  If you are looking for a more professional type set, you may plan on spending a lot maore money.  This was a good investment for my Granddaughter.
m"
"I haven't really touced it, because I am saving to buy  a real artists table. Then I can enjoy this beautiful art case!!!! it is amazing!!"
"no oil paints but has all the basics to get started: pastels, pencils, water colors. Nice all in one kit."
"Wow! This was the ""cat's meow"".  She can hardly wait for the drawing paper , that unfortunately will not be available 'til the day after her big day."
She was always doodling in pieces of paper all over the house. I bought her this for Christmas and she absolutely loves it! She walks around with it and sets up shop like an artist :)
The brushes and paints came exactly as described but on the outside of the box there was a piece of paper glued onto the top of the wood crate. When I tried to peel the paper off it left some unattractive marks.
"My dougther love this Art set of Darice because its organice and practical to use, the quality its great and have a lot of options colors."
This is an embarrassing product.  I ordered it to give to a child for their birthday andquickly realized that I would have been enbarrassed to give this set.  SOOO CHEAPLY MADE.  Would not recommend this product at all.
"I ordered this for my very artsy kid for Christmas. The price is awesome..I mean you really can't beat it. Everything works well, the products don't feel cheap at all. I think I expected it to feel cheap or something to be wrong with it because it was a steal. Nope, everything is awesome. If your kids like art...Get this for them! Shipping is descent and it came just in time for Christmas."
"If you know a friend or a family member who loves to draw, this would be a great present to give.
This product was a perfect gift to my mother, who follows art as her hobby.
Though this kit is sort of designated for kids, it was the thought that counts.
There are various colors you can use and best of all, it comes in a nice sturdy wooden box, making it easy to carry around."
"This is a very nice beginner's set for a child and even an adult who is wanting to dabble in the Arts.  The case is not very sturdy but, it is a nice set.  With the variety of mediums to work with anyone would enjoy using this kit."
This is a very high quality set which will provide hours and hours of enjoyment. Great products in a convenient case.
Kids loved it
I think my granddaughter loved this art set. It was a Christmas gift. She's pretty creative and enjoyed all the pieces.
"This is a great child's art set, which includes lots of art media for them to experiment with as young artists."
"I bought this for my 17 year old that believe he is Picasso.  I was kind of skeptical, but he loves it.  Actually he said to get him another one just to have as a back up.  Well my 15 year old like it too and had to buy another one for him.

Christmas gifts for my nieces.  Definitely!"
This is awesome and I loved it and my daughter loves and my son is also loved it... This is I recommend other.
"Gave this as a gift for my 10 year old nephew, he loved it! Nice little set has plenty of supplies. I liked that it didn't come in a very girl case since I was gifting it to a boy. The products seem of decent quality. I feel that it was a fair price for everything you get."
"I would not recommend this for aspiring artists. It's only meant as a play thing. The material used is not of high quality. For instance, the crayons and colored pencils do not give you a rich color. It gives you this dull, lackluster appearance. I do appreciate the variety of materials that's included, however. My little one loves it!"
My daughter absolutely loved this art kit.  It has kept her busy for many hours and she loves all the different choices in art products.
"This is a great gift for the children in your life.
It keeps things organized and gives them lots of choices.
It is important for children to express themselves."
It came really fast.  The case is really really nice.  I really liked all the different colors it came with.  The only thing is the markers are a little on the less expensive side.  I fear that the will not with stand the test of time with a 4 yr old.
"I got this for my cousin as a birthday gift (she turned 10), and she loved it. She's very artsy, so she likes to carry the case around with her. The case itself is sturdy, and the pencils and paints are nice, but I wasn't too pleased with the oil pastels. They're more like crayons and look like that on paper, too."
"This is a beautiful set of art supplies. It is contained in a sturdy wooden case and all supplies arrange in an orderly fashion. It is really beyond the abilities of the 4 year I gifted with these supplies, but her artist grandfather is able to guide her in the use of the great variety of art supplies in this kit and it will provide years of good use at a wonderful price."
This was just perfect. Comes with a lot of colors for all kinds of painting and coloring. Great price and buy!
"I bought this for a 9 year old girl, for her birthday. She loves to draw and paint. She felt very grown up with this piece that looked a bit costly, but was very affordable. It was perfect for her. Everyone at her party admired it. Some of the girls were as old as 12 that liked it. The only thing I would have like better and would have paid more for it was if it had a few more paint brushed."
"I am so excited about starting to draw! This is my first kit so thats good, but some of the crayons are only 1/2 there and the colored penciels are low quality. Still a great present tho!"
I found the product to have good value for the money.  A nice product for a preteen/teen who wants to experience art.
"Got it as a birthday present for my cousins 5 year old daughter, she loved it. The quality of the case itself is pretty nice, not the best wood in the world, The markers and stuff inside do what they are suppose to do so I cant really comment on the quality of them. Good stuff."
"Our granddaughter really liked this art set. However it took FOREVER to arrive, almost not in time for Christmas. Overall, I am pleased"
Gave to a second grade student and she enjoyed.  She tends to be artistic.  It would be too much for any younger child.
"This is a great set for the price.  Some of the settings are loose and things fall out. Otherwise it really is worth it,"
Another part of our grandson's gift he was very happy receiving! It has a sturdy storage box and a nice variety of art supplies. A good price for the amount of things in the set.
"PROS:
There are tons of markers, crayons, colored pencils and even pastels (which surprised me, actually). The case is made of nice wood, so he feels like a big shot artist whenever he pulls his case out, haha. It's pretty cute.

CONS:
The only issue I found were the accessories (the pencil sharpener, the scissors, paintbrush, etc.) are all REALLY cheaply made, with no exception. I literally tossed them in the trash when I saw them. The insert is also constructed of thin, extremely cheap plastic.

Summary:
It's pretty decent for a 5 year old. Gives him a nice case to carry out of the closet whenever he feels like drawing. Lots of color options, and he is able to take great care of it, because he doesn't like to leave a spot empty."
"this is a very great product, it's just as been described, shipped perfectly and in the perfect time. absolutelly recommended."
This art set is excellent for a beginner. It has everything you could want. My grand daughter loves it! Will buy again
This was a Christmas gift for my 6 year old grand daughter. It has every thing for a beginner artist.
"I got this for 2 of my grand daughters for Christmas & they love it, so much in one neat place for their projects."
It seemed very nice and had lots of different medias to draw and color with. Very good price so hope child is enjoying it.
very well packaged in the wooden case comes with everything a  budding artist  could require. the kids loved it value for monely great product
"Ordered 2 of these as gifts.  Colored pencils do not sharpen.  Lead keeps breaking.  I have tried several sharpeners with no luck.  Company offers to refund my money but kids are not as willing to gift up their ""cool"" gift."
"Great set for the price. Really like the watercolors. Bought this for my 3 yr old mainly and my 1 yr old uses the crayons and colored pencils. We have lots of fun coloring time with this art set. If you ever happen to get this on a wall, you can use alcohol with cotton balls or paper towels --just make sure your wall is white as it will most likely take the paint off. It also comes up great when you happen to spill this on the carpet which has happened once."
"Items inside are great.  Box it comes with is a bit weak on all portions.  Even the handle is small and likely to drop off with your next lift.  It's worth the cost, but you get what you pay for."
"I gave this to my granddaughter because she loves to draw,  I am still waiting for some pictures though! for my refrigerator!"
"I got this gift because I wanted the wow factor of the set for the 5 year old I was giving it to. I painted the box white and put her initial on it in pink sparkles, which she loved. Though the box seems impressive when you open it and see all it has inside it, the quality of all of the pieces are truly terrible. I wasn't expecting Crayola quality but I was expecting it to be better than what it was. The crayons simply don't work they barely make a mark when you use them. Every color appears to be pale. The case is really nice but the contents inside are crap."
This kit has it all at a very reasonable price.  I bought this for my 6 year old and he was so excited to use it
The deluxe art set is a great product.  I bought two for Christmas for my great nieces and they loved them.
This is a great product for your youth artist. My son loves it and seems to have everything he needs to do his art projects..:)
"Very high quality and is better in person than in a photo.

Kid likes it alot and encourages him to do more drawing outside of school.

I think I'll be getting another one for the other grandchild when he's older."
"My brother in law was impressed with the spread that this product had to offer.  This was a gift for my niece.  She does mostly pencil sketches, but recently has begun doing black ink drawings.  She supplements it with a colorful background now."
Bought this for a daycare kid for christmas and she seemed to really like it. This with a coloring book for a 5 year old works!
My 4 year old really admired his older sisters art kit and wanted one for himself. He really loves his art kit. He's only used it a few times but it is about what I expected it would be for the price.
"The young man that received this set liked it and it hit the spot for him, he liked the variety of colors and products to choose from."
Muy buen producto bello y hermoso lo recomiendo 100% es de muy buen material mucho listo sin novedades dloii cur
"my granddaughter has a ball with this purchase.  It is full of all colors of pencils, markers etc.  She play with it often."
I chose this product for two reasons. One is our granddaughter asked for an art kit and two it appeared to have everything she would need. It was not a bad price at all. Thank you
My niece is an artist and she feel in love with it the second she saw it! She hasn't stopped using it!!!
"I bought this for a child who loves to paint and draw, or write stories, and it was a great way to help him along"
"Ordered this for xmas for two of my children that LOVES art and drawing. This set came with so many options for them to explore with. I love the snap close carrying case, that makes it easy for storage and no mess. Everything has its place inside the case.
The delivery was Super fast i am a happy customer. Will be orderin more itema in the near future!"
When I bought this for my niece she loved it and so did I. She went to show it off to her friends and the first crayon she pulls out brakes and so did many others. The paints work well as does the makers so a few broken crayons didn't spoil her fun.
"Good for the kids to play with, I wouldn't consider it for my personal use.  Maybe if they put the set in plastic and got rid of all the crap internal packaging, it would be a better set.  I like the variety though.  4 stars for the price and the fact that the kids really enjoyed the set."
"I bought this for a friend of mine. I was extremely disappointed. The wood case, first of all, is very weak, thin. It almost splintered when I tried to rub away the sticker remnants. The items within are not much better quality. It's almost the old kids marker and pencil set we used to play with at a much higher price.
Not at all what was advertised."
Bought as present for Granddaughter and she is thrilled with the varieties of media in the kit. She loves to paint and draw and one can not have enough art supplies.. Good value also.
"I don't recommend this one. The stuff inside is VERY cheap. You get what you pay for. The colored pencils are very light, the pastels are basically crayons. I haven't tried the paints. If this is for kid (which I would suspect is the reason most people would buy this) it's great. I was buying this as a gag gift/inside joke for my husband. But I was hoping for better quality even at that. The box came cracked."
"We bought this for our 6 year old for Christmas.  She LOVES it. The paints are great for her age. Her favorite thing so far though is the wide variety of pastels.  This set is great for kids that love to color, draw, paint or do any type of art project.

We are going to be buying a second one for our niece's birthday in February."
I bought this kit for my neice who loves to color and she will be using it for a very long time.
My children loved these art kts. They were exactly as described and at a nice price. klds akdjf aldkjf lsdkjf
I purchased and gifted this beautiful set to a 12 year old to inspire and encourage her creativity.  This set did not disappoint and hopefully my walls will soon have a beautiful art piece to adorn them.  This set made someone very happy.  Well worth it.
Grand daughter received for Christmas and was using it within a few hours.  She certainly did not expect such a large art set.  She is 8 years old.
Has a lot. My 11 year old loves it. Love the case and it help keep it all together. The case is very durable
"This was given as a gift to my nephews daugther who is interested in drawing. I brought this because it has several different types of art materials. So if she wants to explore other arts, besides drawing the kit includes it. She was very happy with the supplies and also that it was in a case she could carry."
"I got this for my niece for Christmas.  It came with enough variety to keep her busy for hours!  I've seen similar kits and I remember using them when I was a kid, and this one is of superior quality and at a great price."
"My friend always loved to draw but never had an art set, so I bought it for him and he loved it.  Great gift."
My sons love it. Everything is how its look like. For a six years old kid it is perfect. :-)
"This was such a great set, so many things inside it, and the value of the wooden case is remarkable."
Can't beat the price. You get a lot of product and the little artist in you loves it!!! Great product.
Good Product but I found the same exact one in Big Lots stores for $2.00 cheaper than I got this one for.
"This art set has everything alittle artist dreams about. It is so full of nice art supplies. We are very pleased with the set and would definetly reccomend it. Wonderful value, thank you."
"No messy paints included, which was perfrect for our young grand daughter who loves to draw and create.
It was the perfect gift for her."
This was purchased for my daughter who is a beginner and she loves this...has everything she needs right now and is a great price!
perfect gift for a budding artist...transaction went flawlessly....my grand daughter loves it and that makes me very happy ...Great Christmas gift
My Grandson loved this. He is just starting to become interesting in art and was very happy with this gift.
"This item was ordered for Christmas originally, but I decided to hold it until my daughter's birthday in January.  The kit is 100% complete, all items shown are in it, and the case is beautiful.  I'm sure it will be a hit when she opens it."
My daughter loves to draw and paint and this set was one the best things I could have gotten her.
purchased this for an 11year old and she absolutely loved having her own art set.  The case and the different options of materials were a major selling point for me and my budding artist.
"For the price, this is a really good set. Paints are not great but everything works just fine. My only complaint is that it doesn't close well, have to slam it shut to keep supplies from falling out."
"A good set for the over 14 group who are starting to express them selves through art and the like. Younger kids might not understand the differnces between pencil types , eraser types and such so a more basic set might be right for them. This one however is not too bad and reasonable enough if the Da vinci phase is short lived and if it does last is a good starter kit. I only wish that companies that make sets like this in boxes would use less glue on the label and smooth out the wood better as kids will tend to use the box as a makeshift easel and your artist will be etching glue residue and wood grain while they dream of being the next David Mann."
My 9 year old daughter loves this set although she was disappointed that they are crayons not pastel chalks in it. She's very interested in art and is excited about having these all to herself as opposed to the community crayons all her other siblings use.
It was ok. I thought the markers would be better. But my 8 yr old is happy.  So I'm happy
This set meets all the needs of a beginning watercolorer.  Not the finest quality but great for beginner.  Well packaged for easy carrying.
"my grandkids wanted some art supplies from santa.  so i seen these on amazon.com  so i ordered 2 of them for my grandkids.  they love it.
i'm getting all kinds of pictures and drawings,,"
This is for my child that loves to draw and paint.  She loves it and is just the right size for it.
This has a lot of products for a reasonable price. Bought this as a gift for an aspiring little artist and he is enjoying using everything in it to make various works of art.
"I bought two of these sets to give for Christmas (to a 10 yr. old boy and 7 yr. old girl).  They are thrilled by the selection of colors,media, and supplies.  As an adult who enjoys art I can say that even an older person would enjoy the variety and quality of materials and the sturdy case."
"Again, I have to let you know that the shipping process you use takes the worry away from getting a package to love ones overseas.  I know she will enjoy it when she gets to open it for her birthday in January.  Thanks for a good value at a good price."
"My granddaughter picked this out as one of the gifts she wanted for Christmas, I know she will enjoy this very much."
"Bought this for my 9-year old nephew and he loves it.  The case is a little cheap but what can you expect for this price?  Anyway, it's a good set."
I bought this with my 9 year old niece in mind. She loves it - but my it was too fine & fancy for anyone younger than this. My 5 year old would destroy it with all the pencils etc...
Very nice kit. My daughter loved it. So beautiful and complete for make her drawing arts. Comfortable for bring it.
Art set was on time and a wonderful gift for the girls they loved it and enjoyed may Christmas cards
This art set is absolutely perfect for all ages.  It includes many types of coloring / painting options and the carrying case is awesome!!  I highly recommend this set for any beginner artist!
This is just what the kids needed. It's easy to carry with them and they don't lose the pieces when we travel.
Not a bad price for what you get. I'm sure there is better quality out there but if your looking for something to keep your child busy this one works.
"Not very nice at all the peices were all over the case when I opened it and the front closures were rusted, would not buy again and not worth the price"
Ordered for an aspiring 8 year old artist who loves to draw/sketch! I thought it would be a good starter for his parents to see if he was really interested in moving forward with his ability.
"The plastic case is somewhat cheaply made, but the materials inside are quite usable and functionate.  They worked well for gifts for a 7 year old and 9 year old girls."
"I ORDER THIS PKG FOR MY NIECES'S BIRTHDAY, SHE JUST START PAINTING .SHE LOVES IT . IT IS SO EASY FOR HER TO USE AND STORE IT IN HER TINY DORM ROOM."
Very fun gift for children.  Lots of choices and quality product.  Enough variety to do a lot with the gift.
"While some of the items in the package were loose and didn't seem to fit back in, it was a great gift and exactly what it looked like."
My granddaughter LOVES the gift we got her for Christmas. I can tell she'll have tons of fun making her favorite creations!
the handles on this were broken when we opened the shipping box.  items seemed to be as described but we did not use them.  returned item right away and received full refund promptly.
"I was desperate for a xmas gift for my 8 year old who wanted an art set and got this even though the reviews weren't great.  She was impressed with it, however, for $20 I was not.  The set includes: colored pencils, watercolor paints, chalk squares and cheap crayons."
"I ordered two of these for my kids nine and eleven for Christmas.  They've had them one day and the
outside packaging that sticks to the wood peels the wood off.  The outside is splintering and very poor
quality.  I would not recommend this product."
I bought this for my great niece along with the drawling pad because she just loves to do art work.
"Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 7 year old granddaughter.  She loves to draw, paint, and color.  This art set has it all, and the wooden case is very well made and keeps the art supplies well organized.  This was her favorite gift."
Bought this for my 4 year old son for chirstmas.  He loves it.  Has alot of different things to use.
"I bought this for my niece who loves to draw and color and paint but hasn't had art supplies of her own, until now!  This is absolutely fabulous and has everything she needs.  Great buy and even better price!"
"For young Artist is perfect !
Watercolours are very fine!
Thanks from west Bohema (Czech Republic), from Prag !
I will next Time to go !"
I bought it for my young artist-grandson. He loved it and it comes with a lot of things that would cost more if sold separately. It was perfect for him.
"She loved it and so did her mom.  The young lady loved having different ""tools"" to work with.  The mom was very pleased with the carrying case."
"My gr'daughter loved it - is amazed at all the colors, accessories.  She's a talented 8-yr old artist - and truly loves this set.  Her favorite Christmas gift!!!"
Bought for a young child.  The young lady shows much talent and I have bought her a number of helpful books through Amazon to improve her talent.  She loves this art set.
I got it as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it! It's a nice art set for beginners!
I bought this for my daughter Julia (she LOVES to draw and paint). It arrived quickly with all the little pieces. It's a nice large set too so it will last for a long time. She's going to love it this Christmas. Thank you!
"I had one of these as a kid, and decided to buy one for my 4 year old daughter who is also into art. I hate to buy her cheap finger paints and such, so I bought this kit. It was affordable, but it makes her feel like she has professional art tools."
I think I was thinking it was nicer ...It looks  ok but a little cheap in quality. The box is not that big and the wood in the box is cheap..Sorry
"I had one of these when I was younger. Great selection of drawing/coloring utensils. The price was a bargain, especially when looking to buy in bulk for Head Start kids. They were excited to get this, and ripped into them immediately to explore their artistic sides."
This was to be included in a Salavation Army Angel package.  Lots of different types of medium for a person to work with in this box.
"WE PURCHASED THIS AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR OUR GRANDAUGHTER.
IT SEEMS TO BE VERY COMPLETE.
THE CASE IT ALL COMES IN WILL WORK GREAT FOR WHEN SHE TRAVELS."
"My daughter, even though young, loves art and this will be perfect for her. Now I just need to find a way to keep all the parts together once she opens it."
"I BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER AND WANT ONE FOR ME. REMARKABLE. LOVE THIS ITEM AND RECOMMEND IT. THE ONLY THING I COULD THINK WAS MISSING WAS THE PAPER. I WAS EXPECTING TO SEE SOME HIDING IN THE BUTTON, BUT OTHER THAN THAT..."
"Got this for my niece for Xmas, she is super crafty and loves this set. I'm not sure how good of quality it is but she loves it."
"recibido antes de tiempo,muy buen servicio y excelentes condiciones,el empaque y las condiciones del producto excelente,contento con todo y relamente lo que pedi"
You just can not beat this art set for the price. Hope that my son loves it. The wooden box is very well made.
My 12 year olds art teacher recently brought me in to say she sees a career in art for my son and asked me to do anything i can to support it. I bought this as a christmas gift so he hasn't had the opprotunity to use it quite yet but the products appear to be a middle of the road quality great for beginners/starting to advance uses! He is going to absolutely LOVE this and i cannot wait to give it to him!
"I had bought a product from this company for our son years ago, needed one for a nephew for Christmas....ordered away.  Liked the idea of a wood case to keep his art stuff in, but this case was a disappointment.  Much smaller than I expected, and the supplies inside will be sufficient for the 7 year old I bought it for, but I would not buy it again."
Granddaughter will love this for Christmas  it is a new thing for her to like drawing and I was excited to get her this set
My 8 year old granddaughter loves it! She took  on a trip to the mountains and everything stayed nice and neat.
Have bought several of these as gifts. The case is a huge selling point for me....less mess. This is a great gift for a kid that you just do' tknow what to buy them. I encourage anything that gets them to use their hands!
My daughter was ecstatic when she saw the set.  She loves art and it contains everything she needs.  Great Deal!
I was perfectly pleased with this product.  I know my daughter will enjoy it very much! Any artist would love all the color choices.
"I purchased this as a part of my Christmas present for my 7 year old niece. She loves all things artsy and I was quite excited when I saw this 80-piece artist delight. The packaging is great in theory, but is poorly executed with flimsy latch and disproportionate wood. The pieces themselves seem okay, but their is a sort of plastic lining that holds the pieces and it is extremely flimsy and I can already tell it won't last long. The good thing is that it has a variety of colors and media so she can choose between watercolors, pencils and crayons, etc. Its nice for a child, but certainly not a gift for an actual artist."
"I ordered this art set as a gift for my husband's 8-year-old cousin for Christmas. I just opened it to check it out & 3 of the watercolor cakes had come out of the tray and were jostling around, the oil crayons & regular crayons had all fallen out and some were damaged. The art set itself is cute and COULD have been a nice gift, but the way the supplies are arranged inside of the wooden case is clearly just awful, because I cannot give this as a gift in the state it's in. My recommendation would be to spend a little more money & get a better product!"
"My ten year old granddaughter in London is very artistic, so I thought this would fit the bill. It certainly did. She is having such fun being her creative self. Thank you."
I got this for my 12 year old daughter and it is perfect. It looks very professional and the case is awesome. She feels like a real artist!
Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  She wanted an art set ...this is one talented young lady.  I was impressed with the contents of this set.  Should keep her busy for quite some time!
The art set is cherished and guarded fiercely by my daughter. It could have been better if it came with a drawing tablet also.
"       .
 ..
, ..      .

..       .
?
   ..   .
       
          .

      
    .

 .. 8            .

  ..    
         ..

      .

     ~"
"I bought this for a 12 year old. The box itself is sturdy and looks fine. There is a great variety inside, and even though its not used yet, I'm sure any art loving youngster would love this!"
Bought it for my 9 year old grandson who is just now getting very interested in art.  I thibnk he will be excited when he sees it as it is made for beginner adults and he loves things in boxes.
Great item for the price.  It is just what was shown on the listing and i am real happy with the item. Thank you
Good idea for your young artists.  Lots of choices for colors and ways to use them in this organized case.
My girlfriend is an art student at Murray and used every bit of this during her ventures as an art student. I love doing art also and may want to use these when she's finished. Worth the buy.
This is one of the gifts we buy for our younger angel tree children.  They are so impressed with how many different items are included.
Purchased this art set for my sixteen year old granddaughter.  She loves it as it contains all of the supplies she needs and then some.
Received this in the mail just the other day...LOVE IT!  It is a wonderful gift for the little artist in your home.  I was very pleased that the wooden box it came in screams professional when you look at it.  My son feels like a professional artist when he uses this!
"I gave her a few gifts, but as an artist she especially liked this art set. There is something to be said when this is better then a new wardrobe from zumies..."
perfect gift for an 11 yr old artist - a lot of art media to choose from - good price
Cute set to travel with so I can create on the go...  Have not used it yet but I look forward to trying it out...  I just need to take a trip....
i got it for a great price and it came with everything on the package it was shipped reaally quickly
I appreciate the large array of art supplies in one place. Great to have one container to carry so much!
"I bought this for my young cousin as a Christmas present. He's 11 now, and thinking back to when I was his age, these types of art sets were SO POPULAR, and if you had one, all the other kids were jealous. I hope he enjoys it!"
"80 piece set of art supplies: water colour markers; water colour paints; colour pencils; oil pastels; wax crayons; glue stick; plastic eraser; 6-inch transparent ruler; plastic craft scissors; pencil sharpener; graphite pencil, paint brush. What more would you need? Some paper or board to draw or paint on, and a little imagination. These supplies are student rather than professional quality, but do well for quick sketches and comps, and this or a similar set would be a great gift for a beginning artist of any age, or for an experienced artist to use in the field. Also, as another reviewer pointed out, the paint brush is pretty bad, so if this is a gift, it would be good to include 2 or 3 quality student brushes along with this box of joy."
"My son loves his art kit. It includes everything a kid could ever need to draw with. Colored pencils, crayons, markers, pencils, paint, and oil pastels, along with scissors, a stapler, and other accessories. It has it all. Great!"
This product was exactly as advertised and I know my niece is going to love it for Christmas.  It has so many different art media choices she should be having fun for hours.
Im not quite sure about the product but it came quickly. This is an xmas present so im looking forward to my darling Faith to open i on xmas
I like it as a gift for a friend. Though I haven't tried it myself. The appearance looks good. It's would be better if the intro paper was not glued on the box.
"Good kit for beginners. Nice case, I would buy again. Good good good good good good good good good ok"
I bought this for a 7 year old. I grew up taking lots of Art classes I wouldn't give this to anyone very embarrassed with this! It was suppose to be a gift going back!!!! Total cheesy!!!!!
I like to make the drawrings.  I drawer with the pencil and the paper.  This helps me to drawer nice things and pictures for my kids.
I think any child would like this it has everything a child would need to start any art work .
This art kit was not what I expected. I know the colors are supposed to be very light but the colors barely show. If I could do things over I would not have bought it.
"Bought as a gift, and had only rave reviews from budding artist. It will come in very handy for her art course."
"I got this for my niece's young children, ages six and seven.  They were very happy with it.  It had a lot of equipment for wanta be artists.  I was glad I purchased it."
I will keep this box of art supplies but only because I have grandchildren and I know they can use these things and when they are ultimately ruined I won't care. I'm very dissapointed in the quality of everything from the box to the paints. It is a cheap and flimsy set up and I won't ever order this type of thing again.
"My niece loves it,but I wouldn't buy for someone who is over the age 8. lucky for my neice she has her own scissors because the ones that come in the kit are flimsy."
"Not a bad package for the price.  In fact, for a beginner, it's just about right.  Good luck and Happy painting!"
Our Granddaughter loves Art and the Darice 80 piece Deluxe Art Set made her scream and holler with happiness!  She couldn't wait to use all the different mediums that were in the kit.  She's had hours and hours of fun with it!
This was a present for my niece. She loves all the the variety in materials and the cool carrying case. Second time i bought her one. Always a hit.
this is a great little set that includes pastels it is what it says it is i bought it for my kids they loved it but trashed it in two weeks
"If you have an artistic loved one and wanted to buy them something special, I'd avoid these ""art kits"" and buy them something else instead.

Sure, the box is kind of cool, but the quality of the art supplies is usually very, very poor.

If you want to buy an artistic loved one a thoughtful gift, find out their favorite medium and buy them something of good quality.

For the same price, a couple of good paint brushes or a pad of good paper would be much better."
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER FOR HER BIRTHDAY. SHE LOVES TO DRAW AND IS A REALLY GOOD ARTIST. SHE JUST LOVES IT.
Bought this for my daughter's 8th birthday and she loves it!  It is her pride and joy and she takes such good care of it.  Good quality and good selection of items.  The carrying case is made well too.
"Its vacation time and I needed to keep my daughter occupied. She is six years and I decided to give her imagination a lift by buying her Darice 80 piece deluxe Art Set. This art supplies includes water color cakes, oil pastels, color pencils, pencils, paintbrushes and other related accessories. The wooden case is compact and durable with easy to open and shut provision. Earlier I bought my daughter water colors and I do not know where she has misplaced it. But this Art Set is compact and there is no way that she will lose it. This one is keeping my daughter busy these days."
I bought this for my 6 year old niece for her birthday and she absolutely LOVES it!! she is constantly carrying it and using the contents to make her little masterpieces.
My granddaughters eyes lit up when she opened this gift there is south to choose from to draw and make great art. I have already gotten a picture. Her art abilities have been enhanced with this product.
"I get these every so often as a present from my grandmother. There's several different options with it, of course, but the BEST products in here are definitely the oil pastels and watercolors. I say that because the colors for the watercolors are hard to make yourself and the wide variety allows for great mixability with other tube varieties. The oil pastels are also a very different texture from normal. While they tend to be a bit more waxlike, when you heat them up a bit (in your hands or via another method) they can be used like a normal one. They mix well and are much lighter than the normal heaviness of ""good"" oil pastels.
The pencils usually break. A lot. I have never had a set where an entire pencil was fine and didn't break. What's worse is that the pencils take a long time to get to a point and are usually much shorter by that time.

The short of it: don't waste your money on this unless you have the patience for the ""low"" quality of the materials inside. There's several other places that offer cheap, student-grade oil pastels, watercolors, colored pencils, etc. in sets that would be more cost effective in the long run."
"I recently purchased this for my daughter. She was happy to finally get it since she had been waiting for it for quite a while.

When she opened the case, everything looked fine, but when she tried to use the scissors, they broke and didn't even cut. The only way for them to work is to hold your hand in an uncomfortable way and it constantly breaks.

Next she tried the pens which worked fine, but when she got to the crayons, she tried one and it almost instantly broke in half. She wasn't holding it tightly or anything, just normally but it simply cracked.

I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who wants to keep an art set for longer than a day."
Our grandddaughter loves to draw and paint.  This very comprehensive artist set was reasonably priced and had everything she would want.  The gift of the artist set was a huge hit for her birthday.
The wooden case comes so handy and for kids this especially should be a great one to start with. But I do not think this would be a worthy one if you are planning for a present to age group above 13. Most of the colors in fact come in two so that was not mentioned in the 131 piece count! I wish it was more specific on number of variants in colors rather than just piece count.
"I bought one of these for my nephew and I'm really really disappointed.
It is even worst than Crayola. Every piece of this set is Crap. And now I should find a way to return this.

Believe me, All those good reviews are lies."
"I bought this set for my girlfriend's daughter, she is 7 and she loves the set, I think it is a very good set for the price, thumbs up!"
My husband really loves to draw and paint and I thought that this would be a great addition to his collection of supplies. When we opened the box we were disappointed because it was a lot more childish than the picture indicated. This set would be great for someone between the ages of 8 and maybe 15.
"I tried to give 0 stars but it would not let me. Very cheap, the pastels and do not even work.  Really the wort art kit I have ever gotten.  The markers are too thick for my son to really draw with.  I would definitly recomend spending more money on a better kit or buying the stuff individually and putting it in a tub or something.  The people who made this obviously felt that children do not need real art supplies."
"I ordered this for my son and was not impressed at all. The pastels are crayons and are the same as what you would get in a restaurant, and the same for the crayons ( very candle wax like). The markers are ok. but run dry after 2 uses. The pencils are good for a kid. Everything else in the box is really cheap. Basically your paying for the wood box."
"We ordered this 80 Piece Studio Art Set by Nicole for our granddaughter's 8th birthday.  She loves to draw and paint so she was thrilled with this gift.  To quote her, ""Wow, this is awsome, I really love it, now I can make all kinds of great pictures for you!"".  She was amazed at the large varity of art supplies and loved the beautiful case that came with them.  She felt like a real artist.  Our granddaughter is quite talented and I am sure this will help her improve her skills.  We were very pleased at the great price and will purchase more items from Amazon in the future."
"Bought this set for two of my grandchildren, ages 8 & 9, and it was really a good bargain for the price and the fact that both were completely happy with their new art set.  The box has held together thus far, although we've only had it around a month.  Very happy with this purchase."
"My niece (aged 7) loved this art set - it's so easy for her to carry around, and everything to hand!
Delivered on time and as promised. Thankyou"
This was a purchase for my grandson for Christmas and he has advised me that he is enjoying this product very much.
"My five-year old received this as a gift, and it really is a good set.  She loves the different products and has enjoyed being able to travel with her supplies.  It is a small and light set that she is actually able to carry it easily by herself."
Purchased this set with additional art paper for my 10 year old step daughters birthday. She absolutely loved it. You cant beat the price on this and with free shipping it was a steal.
My niece was very pleased with this art set and it also arrived on time!  I am very glad that I went with this product.  Thank you for the great service!
Just as described.  Beautiful colors.  Everything arrived in good shape and within a short period of time.  Will recommend this product to fellow beginning artists.
"I got this for my 5 year old daughter who is a budding artist. She loves it. It comes with markers, crayons, glue, scissors, a pencil sharper. It's everything you could think of."
"The supplies seems to be good. However, I was very disgusted that the label was stuck to the wood case with adhesive in five places! If you don't care what the case looks like then I guess it doesn't matter, but they were in a plastic cover, so I don't see why the label had to be stuck to the wood. After removing the label, there are five hideous areas with paper and adhesive residue. If you remove them, then you either scratch or ruin the wood finish, depending on the method used to remove them. Either way, the case looks terrible with these huge areas of paper (if not removed) or with the wood finish destroyed (post-removal). I guess that this is just another example of the incredibly low standards that seem to be commonplace in today's market. If people would stop accepting this slipshod laziness, then maybe the producers would stop doing it."
"Very nice, well organised, good sturdy case, light, and comprehensive - my daughter loves it, and uses it every day."
"My niece loved it. Was a great addition to her collection.
It was a long awaited Christmas gift. A lot for very little"
Nice case and everything was in nice order.  No breaks and my little girl loves it!  The price was right on the money too.
Christmas present for my 8 year old granddaughter who has a talent for drawing.  She was very pleased to have so much in a compact manageable box.
"The kit is very nice, HOWEVER the quality of materials in the kit is very lacking!  Not all of the markers work and the crayons broke easily.  I would't buy it again."
I was disappointed in the quality of the art supplies.  Could tell no difference between crayons and pastels; none of the lovely blending quality oil pastels should have.  Pencils quite tiny and crayons unexciting.  Granddaughter didn't use the paints while I was there.
I ordered this for my son for Christmas and he loves it. The wooden case is very nice. Product was received quickly and in excellent shape.
"I got this for my 6 1/2 year old granddaughter, and what a hit it was! She is artistically inclined, and has been ""making do"" with crayons and children's markers.  This set really charmed her, and she was ready to abandon everything else just to get to use it right away. While I think it was intended for older people, it suits her perfectly, and she seems very capable of using it properly.  The illustrations of the set were clear and unambiguous, and made it easy to decide to buy this art set. I'm very pleased with the quality of the set, and the service and delivery were quite prompt.  This is a very good quality set, worthy of an adult, but delightful for a child as well."
"I actually haven't bought this product from Amazon but I received it as a gift. It's definitely NOT worth the price of $60 at all.
The quality isn't very good.  The pencils don't provide vibrant colors, nor do the watercolors.  The sharpener broke after a few uses and I have no use for the crayons.  A pack of Crayola crayons work better than these.

If I wanted to add light coloring to a piece, then maybe.  But if you intend to give this to a serious artist -- don't.  It's quality is fit for a child."
This was a great kit for my 8 year old. She loves the box to carry all her supplies where ever she goes.
I gave this to my 6 year old for Christmas.  She was in love with it! The only problem we had was that some markers looked blown and they were dried out when we got the kit.
"I Was very disappointed when I had opened this up but yeah what can I expect for the cheap price I had paid for. I think..no I know I will be giving this to my nieces & nephew who will enjoy it more then I would. Beware serious artist this is not for you, It is a nice set but more for kids then anything else."
Perfect set for a gift for anyone artistic; especially kids. Has a little of everything in it. Definitely worth the price.
This art kit is a very low quality art kit.  I saw the same one at our local craft store for $10.  Very disappointed.
this arrived very quickly and in very good shape.  with all it contains this should help keep my daughter creative.
Product is just as described and shipping was prompt.  Great value for the price.  Case looks like it is better built than in previous reviews.
I bought this art set as a gift and I was thrilled at the variety of mediums along with the affordable price.  I should have known - you get what you pay for.  When I received this I was bummed because it looks so cheap.  The items inside look like things you can get at the 99 cent store and the box they are in is flimsy and plastic.  It is still a good variety but make sure you are not buying for someone remotely serious about art.
"The Darice 120 piece Deluxe Art Set is just perfect for my 3 granddaughters. I like the ""briefcase"" look and the organization of the pencils, paints, etc. Looks like a winner to me. I know the girls will just love them."
We ordered this for my daughter who turned 11 and she loves it.  She loves to draw and this set is excellent for what she does. Nice wooden box as well.
"This is a great set that comes in a nice wooden box. It has good quality pencils. The set is perfect for beginners because it comes with everything that you need to get started. The paint wasn't very great quality, but what can you expect for $20? Also, the paintbrush kept falling apart, though I was being quite gentle with it. Overall, it's a nice product. This is good for people of all ages."
"This is a nice gift for the artist in your family.  It looks attractive, and the box is very sturdy for traveling."
"This is a great buy. I have been painting and sketching for 40 years.  I wish I had had something like this Art Set years ago. There are colored pencils, pastels, watercolors, pastel pencils, and more. There are watercolor pencils. There is lots of other supplies to go along with the set.
I almost forgot the supplies such as brushes and great sketch pads.

This is a wonderful set with so much supplies that you probably will not have to go to an art store for a while.
I recommend this. There is something for everyone."
"I bought this at a museum in Florida.  I've had it for  years and take it with me while traveling as I have everything I need in one spot. The only thing missing are felt tip markers but that's no big deal.  While taking a mixed media art class it was a godsend to have everything I need at my fingertips.  Great for the starting and already-on-the-way artist. I feel the quality of this art set products are very very good.  Wonderful gift for the holidays.  The wooden box is high quality as well, keeps everything nice and tidy and protected. While we all can be snobs about the best art products, I feel this one is very good and I'm a hard sell and a discerning person.  It's only art, not brain surgery so get over it."
"I ordered this for a young artist - she's not a child, though, so will probably be slightly offended by the label on the front that states ""not for children under 6"". SO - that is what this looks like, something for a child. It is smaller and 'chintzier' than the picture. Since its a gift, it hasn't been opened yet - not sure of the quality of the contents. Lets hope they are acceptable to my young artist!"
The first thing that caught my attention was that the wood crafted box was extremely durable and would protect the supplies remarkably well. This may be just what I need for all 2 kids on my Christmas.
it has everything a person or kid for school needs. its great couldn't have got a better one. Loved the fact that it didn't cost alot and it was perfect.just what she need it for drawling class.
"Purchased this for my niece and upon opening it she was thrilled to see so many options. But it was disappointing that the beautiful wooden box they come in is ruined by the glue that they use to keep the label on.  Seems to me that since it's wrapped in plastic that there is no reason for the glue.  The label will stay in place by the plastic covering the entire thing.  By gluing it you ruin the wooden box.  Haven't been able to scratch, scrub, or get the glue off yet--if anyone has suggestions please let me know."
I bought this set for my younger sister who just turned 12 and she loves it. It came in good time. Very happy customers.
"This package .<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Darice-80-Piece-Professional-Art-Set/dp/B002NZJ4L6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Darice 80-Piece Professional Art Set</a>&nbsp;is put together in a very nice box.  Almost worth it just for that.

The oil Pastels were melted and they went on more like a bad candle than an oil medium.
The water colors are effective, but it is difficult to make a bad pan of watercolor cakes.
The pencils do not lay down color unless fervently pressed to the paper.  I discovered that they work nicely if wet.  I do not think that was intended, but it was better than  nothingBut I like the box, I use it for my Derwents and Fantasia.

Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon.com (Open Salon)"
I really liked the product that I ordered. It makes me want to be a painter or artist at some point in my life. Every thing was there. There was nothing broken and I received it in less then 7 business days. I will recommend Amazon.com to my friends for gifts this Christmas.
"Gave one of these sets to my Grandson 3 years ago.  He still carries it around and I ordered this to refill the kit.  He loves all the items in it.  Keeps everything neat and organized.  Great gift for young artists.  Much more expensive in other stores, so this is the best price I have seen for the set.  Love it."
"OMG...Can't believe this product is being advertised as ""Professional"".  There is a reason this 80-piece set is so cheap.  The quality of pastels and pencils are sooooo bad, that I would not even give this set to a child, let alone a ""professional"".  The ""sanding blocks"" are actually 5 flimsy pieces of sandpaper stapled together at one corner.  During the past 15 years of shopping on Amazon, I have returned only 2 items...this is one of them."
All pieces are well made and made to last.  My Daughter is an inspiring artist and she absolutely loves this set
"I wasn't too sure about this product when I ordered it, but when it arrived - WOW !!! The first thing that caught my attention was that the wood crafted box was extremely durable and would protect the supplies remarkably well. The 24 color pencils, 24 oil pastels, 24 watercolor cakes, 2 paint brushes, 2 drawing pencils, pencil sharpener, kneaded eraser and sanding blocks were just what I needed to complete any project started. This may be just what I need for all 8 kids on my Christmas list."
"Like the others mentioned, good quality, nice case, plenty of items in it. I purchased this for use in my rock painting business.  Great set for beginners as well.

[...]"
"i was not happy with this idem at all. it was worse then you using crayons. i have worked with oil and pastels, and they was nothing like the real thing. it is ok for kids 5 and up not not for adults."
"I received this set as a well meaning gift from someone who knew I was an artist thinking it would be the perfect gift for me. While the quality is definitely far below the quality I use and would buy for myself it isn't all that horrible either. Well, except for the brushes. Give the brushes to a young child to use with their watercolors and poster paints.

Generally, I use the watercolors and color pencils when I'm doing quick drawings and sketches to add a bit of color. And all the products on one thing or another when working out ideas so I'm not using up my better products at the idea stage of things. There are pieces I actually think of as finished art after using these products, along with other more expensive art supplies.

It's a rather nice set for a Junior or Senior High School student who is a budding artist as well as the beginning adult hobbyist. Not bad for the seasoned artist to use when working out ideas or to add color to quick sketches or doodles.

If you think buying this set at this price is going to give you the same sort of products like Prismacolor or Derwent pencils, Winsor Newton Cotman Watercolors, and Holbein Artist's Oil Pastel then you are madder than a hatter and residing on the wrong side of the looking glass."
My husband wood burns & needed some pencils for shading on a cane he was making. Well where we live it is like a 1 horse town & you can't find anything unless you drive 45 miles to get what you really need. Thanks to Amazon.com we found what he needed. Thank you for this product it has more than we were lookig for. Great price. Nice wooden case.
"I was bumed when I opened the box and tried the ""oil pastels"" and they didn't write  like oil pastels  they write more like crayons then oil pastels  i've used good oil pastels before these were crap  compared to those  other than that i recommend it"
"We gave this set with, an art paper pad, to my son's friend for her 8-year birthday. She loves it. My son also has a similar set and he too has a great time experimenting with all of the color forms."
"Well it does not as good as it looks like. the pencils are ok ,but the kit and water color so bad.... and the box is really weak...the size of box is (w)22.8cm x (L)36.6cmx (H)4.7cm.... not big."
This is a really nice little case everything just at your finger tips. I was very pleased with this item had just retied take my sketch pad and case head outdoors.
I ordered from this company and was told one month later (when I should have recieved my order - art set) that my order has been cancelled. Completely irresponsible and dissappointing.
"I ordered this for my grandson's birthday.  He was very happy with this and stated that it was the best gift he received.  It is a professional looking set with all that it is described.,"
"I purchased this art set for my daughter.  She is in high school and taking an art class, and finds that this set suits her needs very well.  If she continues persuing art into college, we may need to purchase a more 'professional' set... but for the moment this is above and beyond what she needed as far as quality is concerned.  The colored pencils are very rich, and the case is very well made.  She takes it back and forth to school with her and has no worries about the handle breaking or the case possibly failing on her.  I definitely recommend this product."
I was told by my nephew that I got him a very cool gift.  He loved it.  He loves to draw and is very good.  I wanted to get him something for his birthday that would help him out with his drawing and apparently I did very good.
"Like the others mentioned, good quality, nice case, plenty of items in it.  Got this for my 9yr old daughter who loves to draw and she's more than happy with it.  I am a fairly picky buyer especially around quality on amazon products, and this certainly met the mustard.  If you are a total art expert and require some very high-end or specific things, then maybe you're best buying your items at an art store individually... but for the rest of us this is great!"
"I got this for my 11 yr old daughter who loves to draw anime and she was so happy to have it. Although wooden case, it is very light."
I was really disappointed when this product arrived.  It was a very small box and not impressive at all.  I had ordered 2 of them for my grandchildren (boys) for Christmas.
I bought this for a beginning artist. There were plenty of supplies for her to try out her creativity. She was very happy with the box also.
I bought this set for my 10 y/o son and it has everything he needs at the moment! I would recommend this to any beginners.
As described
thank you
"I received this today, and all the markers were dried out completely . My son was very upset because I ordered it just for his school project! Very upset when I found out its non returnable:/"
"Gave it to my granddaughter.  Don't know if she liked it or not,"
"Really impressive kit, my kids was very mush surprised when I got it to them. It's not for professional tho."
Christmas gift
great seller will buy again thanks
Thanks
inside short 1 pc
