"At first I was a little overwhelmed. The documentation is not really novice ready.
I would like to see a 1st time use step by step guide. Instead I took it to a neighbor that walked me through the basics of winding a bobbin, threading, and what kind of thread to buy.

There are a lot of feet included and thank goodness the digital display clearly shows you which one to use once you pick the stitch. Another review said something about needing tweezers to pick up the thread after cutting. No need, it cuts short but the next pass starts up fine leaving the short thead in place.

There are certainly way too many stitches to choose from, I only use a few. I have to refer to the book to get some details, I wish the digital display had a bit of text to go along with each stitch, such as an example use.

The monogram is a nice feature, but it hasn't been great for me. I have been using it to put names on items, clothes, bags, towels, etc. The letters are all connected, there is no way to adjust size, and you can't store them in memory.

The machine is fast, accurate, never jams, tangles, or needs oiling. It is easy enough for a beginner to use without messing anything up, and seems to have enough features to grow into."
"[This is the review I posted on the main listing for this product; for some reason these listings are not linked.  I have no experience with this particular vendor's version of this machine.]

PROS: Automatic tension, thread cutting, stitch lock-down. Has lots of stitch patterns including decorative and alphabets, automatic thread tension, many accessories and presser feet included, foot-pedal not required (good for disabled), no lubrication needed.
CONS: No automatic bobbin winding or threading. Numerous letters and decorative stitches may be bloatware, depending on your sewing needs; confusing stitch terminology in the manual. There is no memory to save sequences of character/decorative stitches which you define.

This is a versatile machine, with cleverly designed utility stitches, and numerous decorative stitches (a little over 100 are designs, the rest are alphabets). It has many more capabilities and automated tasks compared to my 40 year old zigzag machine. In use, this machine is much smoother and quieter than my old one. It took me 18 minutes to hook up everything and wind a bobbin and thread the machine for the first time, slowly following the instructions in the manual, much faster subsequently. I was expecting it to be annoying to select stitches on the LCD screen, but t was actually very easy (though I keep forgetting to check which presser foot the LCD says to use for the selected stitch). The decorative stitches don't always turn out quite the same as their icon, so test them first, but they are fun. I had no tension problems -- it was sure nice to skip the pre-sew step of tensioning test seams. The reverse button is much easier than manually turning a mechanical lever on my old machine, and having a tack button is nice also.

Overall I am finding this an easy and inviting machine to use, and it makes me realize that I should have gotten a new one long ago. Three features make the biggest difference to me with regular use:
- automatic thread tension
- automatic lock-down of stitches at the beginning and end of a line of straight stitching (stitches #3 or #4)
- automatic thread cutting (press a button, and the top thread is pulled to the bottom, and then both threads are cut)
Together, these three features really speed up sewing tasks.

p.s. It fits just fine into the Singer Universal Sewing Machine Case, including the extra-large table.

p.p.s. There are some more useful instructions on the SingerCo website:
- There is a page with links to more detailed instruction pdfs and videos for the various presser feet.
- The instruction manual page has a ""workbook"" for the similar 9940 which is useful for going beyond the instruction manual and learning more about how to use the various tools and settings that come with this sewing machine.

DETAILS (for those who want to know the specific attributes of the machine, otherwise stop reading here). [The pdf manual is available at the singerco website, so I will reference page numbers below; also questions and answers are available at [...].]

There are two kinds of stitch families on this machine: A) traditional continuous stitch patterns, and B) single-use character/design stitches which you use to compose ""phrases"". When you select a stitch, the LCD will tell you which foot works with that stitch, and gives you relevant options such as stitch width -- some stitches can be elongated, reversed, or mirror flipped. Each group of stitches is used differently:

A) Continuous Stitch Patterns (p. 20): For this type of stitch, you pick one and then sew with it, and that stitch is sewn over and over. There are 20 workhorse utility stitches which you use for most standard sewing tasks, including things such as blind hemming, overcasting, elastic application, quilting, button sewing, etc., most of which are subtle variations of the basic straight or zigzag stitch for specialized purposes. Then there are another 96 decorative stitch patterns (some of which may be useful for things like applique, etc.). And then there are 16 buttonhole stitches which map out a specific route for the stitching path (including an eyelet). Some of these stitches are quite clever, such as #7 which is better than zigzag for stretchy fabric, or #8 which produces a running stitch that looks like a run of disconnected dashes (to mimic hand-sewn). There are some stitches to help with sewing productivity, such as stitch options to automatically go into reverse tack-down at the beginning and end of a seam, or a darning grid stitch (p. 38). Most of these stitches can be used with twin needles (p. 43). Although it is not an embroidery machine for producing large images, you can do free-hand embroidery (p. 42).

B) Character Stitch Patterns (p. 49): These are single-use stitches, which you string together on the LCD display into whatever sequences you want, to make words or phrases or designs up to 60 characters in length, like you would type on a keyboard. This sequence ends up being a pattern which you have designed. These include 34 designs and little pictures, four Roman alphabets (upper and lower case including accented characters, in san-serif, slanted sans-serif, script, and outline with serifs), and one Russian alphabet (sans serif). The letters don't always turn out as nicely as you might like, so test them (e.g. no descenders in lower case letters). Once you specify a sequence of these characters, the sequence can be sewn multiple times. However this machine has no memory, so that you lose the sequence when you turn it off.

Some of the nice features include:
-- Use of the included foot pedal is not required, because there are push-button options for many operations: start/stop, reverse, speed control slider, needle up/down, thread cutter (p. 10-11). Someone with a foot disability can still use this machine to sew.
-- Also 8 of the most useful utility stitches have their own push-buttons, so you can skip more tedious stitch specification with the LCD and cursors.
-- There are stitches with things like built-in bar tacks, reverse tack-down at the beginning and end of a seam, darning grid, operations which I would have to do manually by means of stitch width manipulations and/or forward/reverse with my old machine.
-- Presser feet are easy to change, they drop off when a lever is touched, and attach by pressing the shaft down (no screws involved)
-- You can pull out part of the table to make it a free-arm machine, or replace it with a larger table for a larger work surface.
-- There is a little manual threader jig which hooks and pulls the thread through the needle.
-- The bobbin cover is clear, so you can see what is happening down there.
-- Supposedly you can sew leather with appropriate needles.
-- No lubrication is required !!!! (p. 50).
What impresses me with this machine are the number of design improvements and automated tasks, compared to my 40 year old machine, which I had recently decided to upgrade. However, I don't know how this model compares to other modern machines.

Many accessories come with this machine (p. 6), including 13 different presser feet. So you will not need to go out right away and buy extra specialized accessories in order to perform specialized sewing tasks (listed on p. 3).

Drawbacks to this machine and/or its documentation, which may or may not be important to you:
-- There is no automatic bobbin winding or threading.
-- There is no memory to save sequences of decorative character stitch patterns. I can imagine putting together some sequences that I'd like to use over and over (say, a name tag, or a label for a product I'm making). But alas, if you turn off the machine, the sequence you specified is gone.
-- I would like to use some of the more decorative continuous stitches along with the character stitch patterns to compose designs, but I cannot see how to uses stitches from both group together in one sequence.
-- The manual doesn't have consistently distinct terminology for the two different sets of stitches (which I call continuous and character stitch patterns), so it took me a while to understand how the basic functions and use of these two sets differ. It uses pattern, stitch, decorative for both families of stitches. However, the buttons make it clear, one button is the utility stitch button (continuous stitches), the other is the ABC button (character stitches which can forms strings up to 60 in length).
-- Not surprisingly, the non-script letters are connected by a thread line along the bottom of the word.
-- Lower case letters with descenders (such as p and g) are bumped up so that the descenders don't go actually below the line, which is not as nice looking.
-- If you don't need all those decorative stitches and just want to do some basic utility sewing, a simpler machine may be a better choice. However, I find that these extra stitches are giving me ideas of things to make that I wouldn't have thought of earlier.

It is nice that the manual pdf is available at singerco, but it would be nicer if it were hyperlinked. Also it would be nice if there were a summary chart of which foot to use with which stitch to accomplish which task (right now that information is embedded in the manual text, and I keep forgetting to check the LCD.) The reason I think this is important is that there were warnings of problems if the wrong combinations were used, e.g. with overcasting (p. 29)."
"it's awonderfull sewing machine. Amazon was great too, it takes only 3 days to recived my machine in France. I am very happy with this machine and my children too!"
"Okay, I am not a professional and am probably still classified as a novice, but I love this machine! Granted I was working with a 30+ year old Kenmore before, so anything would probably be amazing after that!

This machine is so smooth and doesn't bunch and pull the fabric. I haven't had to rip stitches like I am used to due to machine failure. Overall, I am so happy to have a machine that isn't a stitch away from keeling over.

The 9960 has an automatic sewing function as well as a foot pedal, which I really like to be able to switch between the two depending on what I am working on. It has a ton of pre - programmed stitches, which are really fun to use. Since I had only 2 options before, I am in stitch heaven! Although, I am finding that some stitches look better in certain fabrics, so it is a good idea to test out what you are planning on a scrap of the fabric you are using before going directly to the finished product.

I really like that it comes with all of the feet and an extension table. I like to quilt and the table is great for that! Previously, I had 2 feet and wasn't quite sure when to use them, so just stuck with one, but this machine will tell you on the screen which foot to use so you don't have to go hunting in the book every time. Like I said, even though I have been sewing for a long time, I am still a novice, so the easier the better!

I am so happy that I got this machine! I guess I could have gone with less, but I really wanted a Bernina, so this is less than that! lol!"
"I bought this machine from another online retailer not amazon.
Their description said that they had the 2011 model which was jam free.
Earlier version (2010) were having too many problems jamming.

The machine is quiet and runs smooth. It does have the 600 stitches but some
especially the decorative don't come out so great (which is understandable)
unless you use stabilizer and embroidery thread. And must be sewn on thicker fabrics to get best results.

The extension table is a plus, you must remove the free arm.
The thread cutter works extremely well. The screen is bight and easy to use. The zigzag stitch is beautiful.

I tried sewing denim and that is where the machine did not performed so well. It hesitate when going through
denim and in order to avoid some of it you must use a denim needle. The auto tension is another function which is noted on other
reviews that does not work unless you are using the preset length/width on the stitches. In the event you want to
change them then the machine starts looping badly. This may not be deal breaker for some but what is the purpose of
auto tension. The other thing I found that I did not like was it look way too cheap/plastic especially the feet. Winding the bobbin was not hard but it did look tightly wound. Needle thread hard to use sometimes it gets stuck and it is some what flimsy.

It does come with a variety of accessories/feet, the extension table and knee lifter.

I did return the machine and bought a Brother PC-420 here on amazon for $390. The Brother looks/feels way better especially winding the bobbin was a breeze. It has 292 stitches vs 600. The cutter is not a smooth as the singer but works great and you can program it to auto cut and auto tack. Now I don't know how long the Brother will last as some people have had problems but it goes through denim without a problem with a regular needle. One great function on the Brother is that it has an auto needle threader which is even better than the one on my Janome 6500p. It also has a knee lifter but does not come with an extension table which can be bought here on amazon."
I have had this machine for several weeks now and I love it.  It was easy to learn.  I was sewing with it minutes after opening the package.
"I have had this machine for a little over a week. I am not experienced at sewing by any means, but I couldn't resist the deal. The packaged arrived early and had everything that was promised. So far everything has been working as it should. I do have to say with all the additional features, I'm still getting used to getting around the controls, but I have moved over to using this machine primarily, basically retiring my other machine, at least for now."
I set it back.
"Works like a dream...does what's needed at an affordable price. Only drawback is the manual drop pressure foot. I've been spoiled by electronic machines that drop the foot when you start. But, I can deal with it for the price and quality. The other great thing is the 4th alphabet is a Russian one, and I just acquired a Russian daughter-in-law."
I have a lot still to learn I can do with this machine but I love it.  Sews wonderful and runs so smoothly.  My sister has a much more expensive sewing machine and tried my Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 Computerized Singer and loved it immediately.  The automatic needle threading and cutting thread is wonderful.  The cutting thread saves on thread which is great also.  Very happy with my new machine.
"I've  had  this  machine  for  1  year  and  3  months . I  am  learning  how  to  quilt  on  it  and  trying  my  hand  at  free  motion  quilting .  The  machine  worked  beautifully  until  now .  I  lowered  the  feed  dogs  and  did  a  little  free  motion  stitching . When  I  slid  the  button  back  into  place  to  raise  them  NOTHING  HAPPENED !  Now this  machine  is  basically  worthless  to  me .  I  haven't  found  a  way  to  get  them  up  enough  to  move  material  properly . I  found  that  this  is  not  an  uncommon  problem  and  there  are  few  fixes . Basically ,  the  machine  has  to  be  sent  to the  shop  to  do  internal  repairs ! DON'T  BUY  THIS  MACHINE  IF  YOU  PLAN  TO  LOWER  THE  FEED  DOGS ."
I love this machine. Its worth every bit of what you pay. Its easy to thread and I love the automatic threader. Its so user friendly. You can read the book and figure out how to do everything. I took a scrap piece of material and made some stitches on it that I use more frequently then I took an ink pen and wrote the machines  numbers down on it for quick reference. Takes alittle guess work out the next time you sew. Its very quiet too. I didn't think I would like an electronic digital machine but it is awesome !!
"THIS is a great machine!  It's solid, dependable and quiet.  I love the thread cutting feature and wider bed.  Being a Singer, I had high expectations and they were met!  I've been a Singer machine owner for most of my life and never been disappointed.  It works great and the variety of stitches is wonderful.  LOVE IT!"
Easy to use easy to operate and easy to thread. I enjoy the built in stitches and clean lines. Enjoy the extension table . I've owned many machines over the last 70 years and this is one of the nicest.
According to the product description I should have also received the extension table and bonus accessories. I did not. This was purchased as NEW and came out of its original box sans the extras. Not happy
This Quantum Stylist 9960 Sewing Machine is amazing.  I can sew anything on it.  The tutorials on it are really good.  A little practice on the self threader is wonderful.  So easy to use love it.  Just use the needle for the fabric.  Enjoy
Love it
"brilliant machine, upgraded from old machine, how I ever managed IL never know, already making loads of stuff."
"it tends to break down frequently, if its working love"
I bought a discounted machine. Saving $60 is not worth the hassle and disappointment.
"Love, Love, Love my new sewing machine.  I had to get a custom to all the new features. This song machine so its very fast it handles all kinds of material. I sewed leather Leather on it. I totally recommend to buy this."
love to sew with it
so far i love this machine.  so much to learn and so many stitches.
Bought this machine to replace a Elna 6500 it's about 18yrs.old. Been looking at this machine for a while. It's a very good machine so glad I ordered it. Very happy.
"Omg, i just got the machine and have not explored its full potential, but i m already in love with it! Its amazing!
Ive been learning sewing at the local community college and the machines there are crap, not any particular brands fault, they are just very basic and they get abused a lot. But for the longest time i thought sewing was a nightmare.
I was very reluctant to buy my own sewing machine. But my desire to learn the skill was stronger, so i got this baby and (it will sound cheesy) im happy i did!
It has so many little features that tremendously improve the quality of stitches and how the end result looks like.
So far my favorite one is seam guide attachment, i always struggle with keeping smaller seams straight, who knew this existed!!
This machine made me excited about sewing again :-)"
"Bought this sewing machine a few years back. I used it here and there but not super regularly. It did have issues with jamming and the cut thread feature stopped working fairly soon after I bought it. It currently has a broken circuit board. It just stopped working one day so I took it to a shop. It'll cost me over 200 to get it replaced which is almost the cost of the machine itself. I got a few good years out of it, but a sewing machine is something that you want to last significantly longer than that."
Amazing product. Sews like a dream!
"This machine started out great. Lots of features, looks nice and appeared to work well. My wife - an experienced seamstress - did not use the machine very often, once a month or so. After the third or fourth usage, the machine broke. It jams for no reason after a few stitches and cannot be made to work again by restarting or any troubleshooting options in the manual.

After a lengthy phone call with customer support the only option was to send the machine in for repair to an out of state repair center at our own cost and we were told we must use the packing services at a UPS or FedEx store to ensure the machine did not get damaged in transit - which further drives up the cost of shipping. At this point buying a new sewing machine begins to look cheaper than having to send this one in at our own cost (possibly multiple times, if you read the other reviews) while the machine is still solidly under warranty.

Right now we don't know what to do. We spent $350 on a worthless piece of junk and we're not willing to spend hundreds more to get it working again while it's still under warranty."
"I hate this machine.  I have had it for 1 month and 29 days and now it will not sew.  It is a weak, horrible machine that definately does not sew knits at all. Wovens are a little better, but save your money and go with something else.  This machine is not worth a dime."
"When this machine decides to work well, it's a nice machine.  I have more problems keeping it running smoothly and rarely am able to use it for a full quilt project.  Thankful I kept my old Kenmore!  The thread cutter stopped working within weeks of purchase.  I have never had a machine with such touchy thread tension issues, even when using high quality threads.  I have been sewing/quilting for 35 years and this is the first sewing machine I regret buying."
I like the this machine highly very much. I tried many stitches and loved it. I wanted to put pictures but then decided to make video and upload it
I love all the features.
"I bought the Singer Quantum 9980 a few weeks ago, so I am still learning. I have made 2 quilts and I absolutely love the machine. I had looked at a machine that cost twice as much and this machine has most of the same features. I would totally recommend this machine especially if you are beginning to sew. Many of my friends are quilters and are impressed with it."
What a blessing to have found this machine at Amazon for such a reasonable price. I do alterations and make dozens of totes and purses and this machine makes sewing a dream. I struggled for years with other machines but couldn't ask for anything more that this Quantum Stylist. For the money you can't beat it!
"Only have had machine for 9 months, bobbin thread wraps around auto cutter.  Singer wants me to pay to send for repair!!  Finally was told they would send UPS tag but haven't yet!!"
"What a refreshing upgrade to my 20year old singer machine. I have been sewing over 45 years, and did my research before purchasing. It is a heavy machine, quiet, and most of all changing stiches is done in seconds!!"
Lovely machine.  I have had a grand time using it.  I have sewing for over 50 years and this machine was just a set up and go.  What fun.
"It is a great machine, love love love the Singer products.  I have tried other brands, but I always go back to Singer. Well worth the money."
"I going to give this machine 4 stars but I do really like sewing with it. It is a real bargain. I have made 3 quilts on it in the past 3 months- two personal sized and one queen. I use a 1/4 inch foot and get really nice straight stitches. The stitch quality is equal to my high end machine that I paid hundreds more for and the specialized stiches are even better that that other machine can do :)  If you can get the extra attachments [feet, etc.] with this machine -- it is really a bargain -- those items purchased alone would cost what this machine does, likely even more as it comes with so much bonus. Also this machine is solid-- really heavy metal.
  I have some minor 'irritations' that once I got accustomed  to, were not deal breakers:
 (1) pressure foot lift lever -- really rough where the two plastic pieces meet at that area / that lever is on the inner side of the 'harp' area so it's kind of out of place compared to other machines. [I scratched my hand the first time I used it- so now I'm more careful of that area- perhaps some moleskin or other padding could be applied if I really wanted to.]
(2) initially the machine sounded 'cheap' but I think that it was just the machine getting lubed through /broken in-- or its just how the machine sounds. [I have hearing loss, so it could be just me :) The sound does not seem to affect it's function.
(3) some fabrics you have to give a gentle nudge through the beginning of sewing[this is typical of  older sewing machines, so I'm not sure why this machine has issue but it's generally only with fabrics that have more texture /pile [velvet, corduroy, and some polyesters]  But really, overall I have not had problems with feeding 100% cotton through it and once the fabric gets going a few stitches-- it's fine.
(4) Singer made effort to provide a detachable drawer & quilting table -- the table is very small -- perfect to use for small projects, small quilts, however, I have only pieced my quilts with this machine and generally use my mid arm for my machine quilting process. However, you have the ability to drop the feed dogs and free motion quilt with hopping foot. It did nicely with that for me."
Very good my wife is happy
Its easy to use. I love all the stitches and the feet that came with it. Sews and quilts great!!!!
"<div id=""video-block-R2QXRRP6NG3EG3"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/A1qrbrKcp8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/919hQdEuzMS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I bought this Quantum Stylist 9960 singer sewing machine for my sister in Africa. She loves it. She had the manual. This machine is amazing, easy to use & very fast!
Saving money to buy one for my 12 year old daughter."
New to sewing- happy that I started with a much more simple machine - if you are just learning it seems quite complicated- however now I'm using all kinds of the functions including monograming cocktail napkins for gifts and monogramming my husbands cuffs on his dress shirts.
My wife loves it.
"This has been the most disappointing experience of purchasing such a beautiful machine.

I bought the machine and still have not been able to use it. Amazon shipped the machine to me in South Africa, however the machine has not worked due to different Voltages.
Singer says they cant do anything, I am stuck with a machine which does not work and I have paid a lot of money. This was a Present to my Wife.

Really Sad, I don't know what to do!"
"Nice machine.
Many features."
I love it! Very easy and comfortable mashine!!
"I bought this machine to replace an old Singer, hoping it would be equally as durable. It has been nothing but problems from day one! It cannot handle thick fabric (dish towels, etc.) and the buttonholer is a nightmare. It is supposed to be easier and have all the ""whistles and bells"" but it is definitely a major cause of frustration. I would NOT recommend this machine and will be searching for a replacement. VERY DISAPPOINTED!"
"Excellent machine, Singer always makes quality products you can depend upon."
"The machine was delivered to me without a power cord but once I found a cord for it, it worked beautifully. Smooth,  nicely built machine. I stitched a couple patches on my leather vest and it worked flawlessly. Youll just need to use the appropriate needle with heavy thread. The tutorial video was very informative. Finally a nice machine, I say that because I went through a little bit of gruff until I ended up with this machine. Nice!"
LOVE IT
Love it. Great tutorials on YouTube
"i have never had a machine that made such noise, it sounds like a thrashing machine!  It sews once in awhile, but mainly something is wrong with it, the thread bunches up on the bottom, the thread breaks etc. It is something every time I try to use it.  I would not have another SInger machine if they gave it to me. The nearest Singer repair is 800 miles from my location.  I am so disappointed, I saved my money so I could buy this machine and now I have nothing !"
"Giving this a two star review is being generous in my opinion, but I have found some things about it useful.  I bought this sewing machine last April, even though there were quite a few bad reviews.  It had everything I wanted in a sewing machine, and, after all, it was a Singer.  It broke on my after only four months and I had to pay fifty dollars to send it away to be fixed, although it was still under warranty.  Singer wouldnt provide a prepaid shipping label for me.  It took the repair place in Ohio a month to fix it, and only after I contacted Singer more than once and finally got them a prepaid return sticker would they send it back to me.  The scissors action on my machine, which I loved and used regularly, had broken and had to be replaced.  The repairman told me not to use it on a regular basis because it was not built for regular use.  What? Are you kidding me?  Its a Singer.  Didnt they invent sewing machines?  Anyway, it broke again just a week after the one year warranty was up so Im out of luck.  After paying almost five hundred dollars for this machine, Im looking for a new one.  I will never buy one again from anyone other than a local dealer (which for me isn't very local), but Ive learned an expensive lesson and you should too.  Dont ignore those reviews on Amazon."
It came in with broken accessory tray and machine feet stand screws are all missing. Not happy with my purchase.
"Well, I can't really even write a review as the machine will not turn on to even assess how well it works..  It turned on the first time - when I checked to see if it would - but now it just sits there, a lovely and very heavy paperweight.  I have contacted both Amazon and Singer in hopes of finding a solution without having to order a replacement.  After reading other reviewers' accounts of customer service for their issues, I have the feeling I will be requesting a replacement machine.  I will update this review as things progress.  Or don't and I return it."
Powerful sewing machine.bought it from onsale.
Love it.  So easy to use.
Junk
"If I could give this product no stars, I would. It is the WORST sewing machine I have ever used. The customer service is no better. Due to the way the machine is designed, you cant take it apart to see the problems. God forbid the thread gets jammed because you have to take it in for it to be properly disassembled. The machine broke within three times of use. It was also over a week late getting here. Your money is better spent on another brand."
"I've had my singer for about four month and, I love it. I had researched many machines but made the choice to purchase this one. They even made sure it arrived with care.  The shipping packaging was well dun and the machine was well protected.  This machine came with so many extras, more than I expected.  It performs well and I'm looking forward to using the plethora choices of stitching.  Now I'm having fun sewing.
  Thanks Singer  : )"
Had to return because of thread tension problems.
in love with this machine
"After a bunch of research, I decided on this machine and Im glad I did. I have no regrets whatsoever. I am a beginner and this machine runs smoothly, is user friendly and has features you only see on really expensive machines. It pretty much comes with everything youll ever need."
"I got this machine for everyday sewing, but not for commercial use. I have had it for 6 weeks now and so far, I just love it. It has lots of bells and whistles and it does an amazing job of feeding the fabric thanks to those incredible feed dogs. I still end up using a thread stand to sew with instead of the spool holder but I am used to that. There are so many decorative stitches that I doubt I will ever use all of them. Setting the machine up was pretty much plug and play style. I would call it a nice machine for casual use and it would be an awesome starter machine. I have another singer also, the Quartet SEQS that I love as well."
This is my first computerized sewing machine and I'm still learning about all the features. I've been sewing for many years and I'm getting along with this machine just fine. It's a great machine for the price. I found out very quickly that you really have to hold the needle thread when making your first few stitches or you wind up with a mess.
"Occasional user, no heavy fabrics. After a couple months the thread was knotting and looping on the underside of the fabric when in automatic tension setting mode (setting 8). Manually setting tension mode to 15 improved performance but that is way too high. Brought it to a repair shop. Was informed a few days later that he couldn't figure out why it was malfunctioning."
Horrible! I bought this as a Christmas gift for my cousin and only after a few months she called to tell me it stopped working.  Very embarrassing to say the least.
Love it!
"Worked fine for a few years, not used often. Then it seized up. Authorized Singer repair said it is irreparable. While it worked it always had bobbin problems."
"What I like the most about the singer  quantum Stylist. 9960 is all the variety of stich options. It will take awhile to member all the press or foot  details.
It's not fast enough for my needs."
This sewing machine offers a wide variety of functions.  It is easy to use and very solid!  Well worth the price!!
Absolutely love this machine! It goes through very thick layers and I love the many choices of stitches. This is the perfect machine for everyday sewing and quilting.
Has everything you could possibly want for the beginning sewer to advance and the same for the quilter. Runs very quiet and comes with an array of different foot attachments and other accessories. Can't beat the price either! 5 Stars for sure!!
"I've had this machine for three or four years, and have been pleased with it for that entire time. I quilt and sew, have had no problems with any of my projects. The manual is very handy, has answered any questions I've had along the way. The top cover shows all available stitches, and the actual results are the same as was on the display. I highly recommend this machine."
i connected the machine to the electricity and turned it on and nothing append it does not work. who can help?  I really need this machine/
I started using this machine as soon as it was delivered and am really happy with it and all the features. Great machine/
"Ive been using this machine for over a year, and love it!  The only problem I have is the threader doesnt work right anymore. I can get a replacement part, but am not that concerned. If you plan on quilting, its great for piecing... but quilting a queen is TIGHT!  So I am in the market for a longer arm machine and plan to make this one my back up/travel machine..."
"I absolutely love this sewing machine...I have sewn all my life.  I always sewed on big box stores machines....just your average sewing machine...This machine has much prettier stitches, quiet and runs so smooth.  Wish I had gotten this machine long ago...Would have made my sewing so much better...Got it because I have gotten into quilting..So I guess you can teach old dogs new tricks...I got it for my 76 birthday....Love, Love, Love it!"
My wife loves it and I love my wife
I LOVE IT IMPRESSIVE ON IT .MAKES A WONDERFULLY SEWING MACHINE .THANKS INDEED TO SINGER COMPANY AND TO AMAZON
love it
lots to learn but fun!
"I ordered my machine and after a long wait, its not even switching on "
Very happy with this machine for my quilting so far. Sews smoothly and so far no problems. Just make sure you keep the owners manual handy because with all the programmable features you will probably need the reference. Still haven't tried many of the stitches but so far the ones I have are very nice! Got mine for $300 a few months ago so great deal. Definitely would recommend the 9960.
"I'm just a ammature, but this is a pretty fantastic machine. I literally had to read the manual to know how to tread the things; that's how inexperienced I'm am with sewing.

It's got more stitches then I'll ever use in a lifetime.

It's also fairly idiot-proof, which is why I haven't yet run a stitch through my fingers. For example, it won't operate if the presser-foot isn't down.

One button push to get the needle all the way up or all the way down is pretty handy. So too, is the adjustable speed.  Since I'm new to this, I've got it set on the slowest speed, where I can watch the needle go up and down, and it doesn't get away from me.

Also, my eyesight isn't what it used to be - I can't even see the hole in the needle - so the auto needle-threader is very, very handy.

My friends who've sewn for years were rather impressed with this machine.

This is a lot of machine for the money."
"I am genuinely surprised by the quality of this sewing machine. After reading reviews I encouraged a friend to pick it up as a backup sewing machine for when her high-end Juki machine needed to go into the shop for cleanings. We all need those, right?

Well, shortly after purchasing the machine her main machine had to go in. Then it was time to break out her quantum and start sewing on it. We were very surprised to discover how similar it was to her Juki. It even fit in the same sewing cabinet with the same insert! The machine sewed beautifully without a hiccup!

Recently I spent a week with my friend working on sewing projects together. We had to put together a queen-sized rag quilt which can be very hard on a machine as you are sewing together 6 layers of fabric, including homespun, flannel and cotton. I sewed on the Quantum Stylist while she sewed on her Juki. The Quantum sewed like a champ, without bogging down at all and maintained a beautiful stitch quality throughout. She's no Diva either, she's a workhorse! Even when she got a little gunked up due to all the fuzz, she kept on sewing!

Our next project required free motion quilting. I sat down at her Juki to do the work and experienced repeated thread breaks and bunching until we finally decided it was time to send it back to be looked at. So I tried doing the FMQ with the Quantum and it did VERY well. No eyelashes, broken threads, skipped stitches or other issues. I should say it worked great until the FMQ foot just failed. That brings me to the cons of this machine:

Poor food quality, plastic parts. This should not be a deal breaker for this machine though, as metal replacement feet can be purchased inexpensively, and that's exactly what happened. She ordered a new metal fmq foot which works great and it cost about 6.00. Any low shank foot should work on this machine and that includes the walking foot. I would suggest replacing because the one that came with the machine is very noisy.

That brings me to the second con: It makes a bit of a racket. Again, still works perfectly, just noisy. If you're looking for a quiet machine, this isn't the one you want.

If you're looking for a workhorse machine that will get the job done and isn't scared of getting her bobbin case a little dirty, then this definitely is! Other machines with these features will cost upwards of 600.00 or more. The Quantum Stylist is definitely a bargain and will get the job done."
Terrible instructions bad product very heavy and difficult to figure anything out no disk to follow will most likely return it
Runs smoothly and produces beautiful stitching. I especially love the quilting capabilities and attachments.
love this machine.
"Love this machine! The tension auto adjust when sewing through zippers, vinyl, etc"
"This machine is an absolute joy to use!!  HOW could anyone find fault with it, or rate it with anything less than 5 stars?!?  To just touch on a couple of my favorite features:  first off, I never even use the foot pedal anymore; the very sensitive and clearly-marked buttons that control starting (that one lights up Green when you're actually ready to . . . ) and stopping (same button:  turns Red when Stopped!), as well as the Speed control slider, just make the foot pedal obsolete; for me, anyway.  OK, and then you reach the end of your seam, hit Stop - and then you can touch another button, marked with a pair of scissors - the machine chirps, the needle lifts, and both threads are cut!  Another button lets you pick whether to have the needle in the raised or lowered position whenever you're stopped.  And the needle-threader!  Makes threading the needle such a piece of cake, and its no matter if the thread-end is frayed; it pushes a loop of your thread through the needle a few inches from the end!  And you can wind bobbins while the needle is still threaded - Im so happy to own one of these beautiful machines - you will be, too . . ."
The machine arrived a couple of days ago and I am already using it for piecing my quilt project. Cool machine and very easy to work with.
Perfect for me.
"I hadn't done any sewing in decades and really wanted to rediscover it, so I spent a month researching different machines to purchase.  The only Singer I had ever sewed on was my mother's and it was a model from the 60's (and it still works just fine).  My biggest concern was all the new computerized models...it was very intimidating but I really wanted to be able to use all the features that these new machines had.  I consider myself a beginner sewer...I did fine in home ec sewing, made a few quilt like blankets for gifts, sewed on some patches, did a few hems but that was about it.
I went on to Craftsy where I have an unlimited membership (free one week trial for anyone interested) and they had a ton of classes on different sewing projects and many for beginners like me.  It gave me a chance to see instructors using various models of machines.  All had the high end models like baby lock, bernina and janome.  I checked out all those models and what functions they had...all were very pricey.
Since the only machine I had ever sewed on was a Singer and it was still kicking 40 years later, I decided to check out what Singer had to offer.
This Quantum is no longer made by Singer but you can still buy it (if you hurry), they now make a Quantum 9985 which had a few more features but not worth the increased price IMHO.

This is the only machine for the price that has all the high end features of machines like janome and bernina.  My favorite is the automatic threader...my eyes are not as sharp as they use to be and even in my 20s, threading that needle was a pain in the butt.  This machine makes threading the eye of that needle effortless.  Changing the feet in most of the newer more upscale models is just a push of a button (or lever on some) and the Singer is no different.  It took me a few minutes to get that hang of lining up the bar on the foot to get it to grab but it works really nicely and makes changing out feet a piece of cake.  I loved the idea of the automatic thread cutter but have not been impressed with it at all.  Once I push that button to cut the thread, I no longer can see the bobbin thread...it's down under the throat plate somewhere.  My next group of stitches looks fine on the top but when I turn the project over, the first few stitches had a bit of a nest going on.  Once I stopped using the button and cut the thread manually, everything was fine.  I called Singer to ask if this was supposed to happen or if it is a defect but the rep I got admitted she didn't know much about that particular machine and would have to get back to me.  It's not a big enough issue for me to return the machine but it is why I gave it four stars instead of five...I will update the stars and the review if it turns out to be a defect.

Two LED lights instead of one!  This make a huge difference and even the high end models don't have this.  One light by the needle in the standard place like most but another under the ""throat"" area of the machine that really lights up your whole workspace and really improves your visualization of the area...two big thumbs up!

The display panel can be adjusted brighter or less depending on your needs.  All of your most common stitches are in a row to the left of the panel which I loved as the panel was my biggest fear and searching for a straight stitch on that bad boy a bit terrifying.  I was pleasantly surprised...okay, no...I was shocked at how easy that panel was to use.  First of all it automatically adjusts the tension for you which I like but you can change it if you want.  All of the default settings are highlighted for each stitch so if you play around with it and forget what the default was, no problem just keep scrolling until it highlights in black.  For the decorative stitches, you can make them larger or smaller...mirror them...make them continuous or pick a specific number of repeats before it stops.  You can change your stitch length and even change the position of the needle to the right or left if your sewing a really small hem like a french seam (just learned this one so I'm bragging..).  You can also change the tension here if your using speciality threads or techniques but since it's done automatically, no need otherwise.  I also love that the display panel shows you what foot you should be using for that stitch and the letter associated with it.  I played around with multiple stitches and they all worked effortlessly.  I will say that I was not impressed with the lettering stitches.  They were okay but if you want really nice lettering...this is not the best function on this machine.

Another nice feature for us beginners was the foot pedal speed setting.  You set to how fast you want the machine to sew, even if you push the foot pedal all the way down.  I found the slowest setting to be too slow even for me, but the middle setting just perfect...no more run away stitching.  The bobbin cover is see through...a nice feature to see if you are running out of bobbin thread, although I would have liked to see seam guides on this as well and there are none...just on the throat plate.  There is a button to set if you want the machine to stop with the needle down which is very nice to have and saves you time from manually using the hand wheel.  There is also a button for reversing the stitch to secure your seams...again saves time.  If your presser foot is up, the light is red warning you not to sew (in fact I think you cant sew with the red light on).

Other than all of these advanced features, the real bargain of this machine is the accessory package included.  This come with 24 accessories, many of them pressor feet that would cost you about 300 bucks to purchase seperately, an extension table and my unit came with a ""bonus"" pack of even more pressor feet which thrilled me.  I don't plan on traveling with my machine but wanted a cover so that I could leave it out on the sewing table, so I was surprised to see it come with a hard dust cover that has a side storage area for my manual and warranty information.

Customer service is another reason to buy this machine, especially if your are new to sewing.  Singer has a support system where you can call 8am to 8pm most days except Saturday till 2 pm and no Sunday support.  They have a large selection of videos and one very complete video for this machine that walks you through everything it does.  I highly recommend having your phone or laptop next to your machine and watching it and going along with the video, it helped me tremendously.
I paid $340 for this machine and the accessories alone would have cost me more than that.  This is a machine I will be using for a long time, so no need to upgrade when my sewing abilities improve, yet this is not so overwhelming to a beginner like I thought it would be.  A good warranty although I will need to mail it so be sure to keep the box if there is no service centers nearby.
I would grab this machine while it is still available as the newer model is nearly $200 more, last I looked.  I think this machine is the bargain of the century!
UPDATE: Turns out the thread cutter was defective, Singer wants me to send it back for service...shipping on my dime.  I called Amazon and not only are they sending me a new machine, they are not waiting for me to return my other one, so I can continue working on my project without any delay.  Amazon is awesome!  And of course the shipping back to them is free.  Updating to five stars!
ANOTHER UPDATE: I have had the machine for months now, turns out the automatic thread cutter is just crap so I just don't use it.  No big deal for me.  The machine has performed well and has gone through multiple layers (uh...like 5...don't judge me), occassionally needing a bit of a push to get through.  I have a Brother embroidery/sewing machine that I got used as a back up and the thread cutter works great, so this is a Singer screw up...I ended up returning THREE of these machines thinking the thread cutter was defective...no, just a crappy thread cutter...not a big enough deal to take a star away.  I probably sew about 4 days a week so this machine has had a workout from me.  I still believe it is an unbelievable bargain for all the advanced features you get and will grow with a beginner for years."
"This sewing machine is extremely well thought out, it has everything u could want, it's user friendly, I like the size of the machine, it's quiet when u sew, the stitches & tension are good, I have sewed for over 40 years & love this machine."
Service great.
I absolutely love this machine! It has a everything I was looking for to replace my older Singer machine. It has all of the extra features that I was looking for in upgrading my machine without the expensive price.
"Love it, needle threader, thread cutter, lots if attachments, very easy to use."
My wife is semiprofessional and she loves it.
Still getting  acquainted with the machine
Has had tension issues since I got it. This machine makes projects more difficult always having to start over because the thread is jumbled or got ripped. More trouble than anything I have ever used. Now costing 1/2 of it to get fixed. Terrible product and most sewing companies will not touch this machine since they can't gurantee their work. DO NOT BUY!
Wife loves this machine!!! Coming from a Jeans Machine to this is like a ford pinto to a Porsche.
"Purchased this sewing machine for use in Australia and it arrived in good condition. When plugged in, the electrics were immediately blown due to different electrical standards between US and Australia. We called Singer Australia who confirmed that we should have used a voltage converter and they said they had received numerous calls recently from people purchasing Singer machines from Amazon with the same problem. We were advised that mostly the machines can not be fixed - so far ours has not been fixed and therefore never used. A very costly mistake as this machine is not cheap. Do your homework before purchasing from the US if you are based in Australia. We were very disappointed that the product did not arrive with some kind of warning given that the seller knew they were shipping to Australia. (Apparently the voltage converters are very big and heavy so not an ideal way to use the machine)."
My wife loves this thing. Great Xmas gift.
Im so happy to have this machine.  I want to sew everyday.  I was using a 30 year old Kenmore before and it is really delightful to have all of the features this machine has.  Im just thrilled with it!
"The model is a good general duty machine with numerous time saving options like the quick stich select, easy needle threading, and thread cutter. Its features also include a number of attractive specialty stiches and helpful guides. At the same time, the machine is not made for extremely heavy fabrics like four folds of denim even if an 18 or leather needle is used. I highly recommend the machine for what for its intended purpose."
I really like the way it holds the material and the smooth feed. Filling the bobbin was difficult at first but after a few tries i finally got it.
"Broke down several times.  Bad mother board , 2 new foot pedals , brought it to a singer repair shop & had it taken apart & cleaned.  A lot of times when I sew normal, machine chatters & according to repair shop, can't be fixed.  I believe I got a lemon.  Very disappointed with the quality of Singer & won't ever purchase another Singer product. Quality has seem to have vanished."
"Nice machine. I bought this to replace a well-loved, old Pfaff. Do not buy an extra cover. It comes with a hard shell cover. If anything add a cloth carrying case with a frame/handles. Sewers will know what I mean. It is misleading to say that the machine plus case to work together will work... ummmm that additional case is TOO SMALL and will never fit. I donated the case. Grrrrrrrr"
"So many wonderful features and so easy to learn and use.  I am quilting up a storm now and love the range of feet, including the walking foot and free motion foot."
wife loved it. great features.
This is a great sewing machine.  It hasn't jammed yet and will sew through several thicknesses of fabric without a problem.  Including all of the different feet was a great bonus.
"I HAVE USED THE ITEM NOW FOR A GOOD WEEK, i AM FINDING THAT WHEN YOU TURN ON THE POWER SOUNDS LIKE THE UNITS IS DRAGGING THE START UP IS VERY LOUD. SO I CALL AMAZON AND WAS TOLD I COULD SEND THE UNIT BACK BUT THEN I AM WITH OUT A MACHINE. THE REP TOLD ME THAT IF I WANTED ANOTHER ONE I WOULD HAVE TO BUY IT WHILE A WAIT FOR A REFUND SO I GUESS THAT IS MY ONLY OPTION. SO AT THIS POINT I AM NOT VERY HAPPY"
"There is so much that I like,to much list.  Things l'm VERY unhappy with is the instruction booklet is small in size making it very difficult to read at times,I'm having a VERY hard time to get the stitches longer than very very small I cannot seem to find out lm doing wrong  please help me with this if you can thanks"
Oh how I love this sewing machine!! It even includes a hard plastic cover case for it
"This product came with broken parts the first time I ordered. The replacement broke a week later. I wouldnt recommend this sewing machine it has a great price, but its cheaply made."
"Im a quilter and have a $10k Janome MC12000 machine so you can guess Im particular. I bought this for one of my adult daughters this Christmas. Another daughter got a well rated Brother machine for her birthday the year before.  This sewing machine is WONDERFUL ... and I hate the Brother machine. . I think this little machine is excellent! Im considering buying one for myself to take to quilting retreats and sew-alongs so I don't have to lug my big machine everywhere.  In contrast, you couldn't pay me enough to sew on the Brother. I may have to buy my other daughter this Singer and ditch the Brother just because its so annoying to use.  Sigh."
"The smoothest, effortless sewing machine I've ever owned.  You won't have to work too hard with this machine, it flows and does most of the work.  I'd buy another one, if I needed it."
"I purchased this machine based on the many great reviews. Big mistake. When it arrived I noticed that the needle bar and thus the needle was slightly off center but didn't think to much of it. It wasn't long before there were times when the needle wouldn't go through the fabric. At first it was when sewing over a thick seam and I thought it just didn't have the power of my old Pfaff. I would lift the presser foot slightly and use the hand wheel to stitch through the area. Before long it was doing this more frequently and not just on thick areas. At this point I paid closer attention and discovered that the needle was in fact hitting the needleplate. It really came to a head when I tried some practice buttonholes and this time when it hit the needleplate I noticed the needle was now in the far left position when I lifted the presser foot and removed the fabric. Great, a machine that has been in use only a couple days past a month is in need of repair. I checked online for service centers. The nearest three were all at least 1 1/2 hrs away and were all listed as drop off centers only. I called customer service and they said this meant they took in the machines and shipped them elsewhere for service. I asked what the turn-a-round time was and the rep said 3-6 weeks. Seriously??? I explained to the rep that this machine was barely a month old and I did't have 3-6 weeks to wait, could i ship it back and they could send me a new one? Nope! Ok, could I take it to a repair shop only 50 min from me with a usual turn around time of 1-2 days. Sure, but they wouldn't pay for it. I again explained that I have a wedding dress to sew and couldn't wait for repairs, maybe I just got a lemon, could we do a swap? Another no we can't do that. I say thanks for nothing, and call the repair shop mentioned earlier. I describe the issue I'm having to the tech and he says it's one of two things. If it's the easier fix cost will be about $50.00, more difficult $75-80.. Long story shortened, I traded in this pile of junk for a quality machine today. Do yourself a favor, don't buy this machine unless you have a qualified Singer dealer who actually does their own repairs and is close by."
Absolutely beautiful machine. I watched the tutorial on YouTube for assistance! I love it!
I love this machine!
"Great sewing machine!  Not too complicated but I am still learning all that it can do.  I love Singer!  It replaces a Janome that I liked, but it just stopped working.  Anxious to make lots of things with my new Singer!  Machine was shipped very quickly and was well packaged."
"This is a great purchase! If far exceeded my expectations, would recommend!!! Love it."
I work with singer and brother and a couple other names I've used over 10 Machines of different brands this one had all the gadgets I want but it had absolutely no strength second time using it it started banging around and I went back to my brother that which I can trust
"I learned to sew on a Singer and when we were first married I bought a used Singer.  Fast forward many years and I have had a couple of sewing machines made by other companies (low end Babylock and Brother machines) since then.  I bought what we could afford at the time and was told by the local sewing machine repair shop that they weren't worth repairing, so when the last one stopped cooperating and my husband offered to buy me a new one, I decided to go back to a Singer.  I have only had this a couple of weeks but am enjoying learning my way around it.  I find it easy to thread and operate.  It has all the stitches I need and a whole lot more.  It is very quiet and quite heavy - something I remember from my old black, metal Singer days.  I bought the case with it, but found I didn't really need it because it has a very nice, hard plastic dust cover."
"Love, love, LOVE this machine!!! Still learning what all I can do with it but the online videos are very helpful and the manual is great too. Sews so smoothly and quietly."
Beautiful. Will buy it again
The auto tension didn't work. I had to return it
"This machine requires a plastic bobbin. On first use, the bobbin shattered using the built-in bobbin winder, creating sharp plastic shard projectiles. One shard cut my face, near my eye. The tab that releases the bobbin and stops the winding at the same time seems to be too forceful, causing the bobbin to break instead of shifting to the release position. When this occurs, the wonder doesnt stop, thus it winds thread under the bobbin, down the shaft, causing tangling and a lot of wasted thread. Its an ordeal to remove the tangled threads each time.

 I was able to partially wind One bobbin, after shattering two bobbins. Once this bobbin quickly ran out, the next several shattered, each causing dangerous projectiles.

Im an advanced, professional seamstress, with 30 years of experience. Ive never used a machine that required a plastic bobbin.

This issue prevented me from completing simple fir bridesmaid shawls for my daughters wedding. (I had just gotten this machine delivered and brought with us to the out of town venue.)

 Had the bobbin issue happened later, I might think it was some kind of adjustment issue or user error, however, coming from the factory with this issue, making the machine unusable and a serious injury risk, caused me to return the machine immediately.

Its a shame this machine is so highly rated. With such an obvious flaw in the bobbin material and design, it seems quite likely that other manufacturing defects would soon become apparent with much use."
The machine worked very well a month. After that the control panel became blank. I sent to manifacture service to Atlanta.
"We've had the machine for only 3 days and the thread cutter stopped working. Opened up bobbin case, etc, tried cleaning it, thread cutter still doesn't work. Expensive machine that breaks in 3 days flat."
You need to read the book and watch you tube video about the machine. Does not come with DVD. I love the machine. Very easy to use if you know what you're doing. Watch the VIDEO!!
Great customer service
I got this machine on time. It is just great! Nothing to say except that it is exactly what I wanted and is perfect.
My wife love this machine.
"This sewing machine has been really fun to use.  Learning how to use the features was somewhat challenging, but the manual is well organized and includes useful illustrations.

The machine is powerful, quiet and does well on a variety of fabrics.  I would definitely recommend to a friend."
"Good quality machine. Sews well even though sometimes the bobbin thread begins looping even when on proper tension, I found just re threading the machine is fine. I bought it used Like New and it came damaged with a crack and adhesive residue in the sewing area and the storage compartment would continually fall off. Any presser feet with plastic would break (but that is fine considering that I have plenty more presser feet )  But other than that the sewing is ok and the machine itself is good. It was better than my old Brother gs2700. I would reccomend, even though it gave me a bad first impression."
The machine worked very well for the first week. By the end of week 3 it died and the fabric did not feed at all. I ended up sending it back
I love this machine!!! Easy to use.  I love the self threading and the cut button.  It has a awesome amount of stiches.  I am so happy i bought it.
"I love this machine, its the best with many features."
Absolutely love this machine.
"I absolutely love this machine.  I have made many quilts and other projects on it and it produces a beautiful piece, every time!  If you're looking for a great machine without breaking the bank, this is it."
I bought this machine as a replacement to my brother embroidery machine. Im very satisfied with this machine its a great buy.
It's wonderful!!!!
I love my new Singer Sewing Machine. It's very easy to use and there are features I've never used so I'm trying them all. Very pleased with this machine.
"Excellent product
And easy to use.."
"I just love this machine. It sews much more quietly than the Brother's machine I was using. Because I make a number of quilt tops I have only tried the straight stitch. However, I plan to make a small pet bed and will use some of the decoration stitches on that just to see what they look like. I learned to sew on a Singer years ago and have not used one since then. Boy are they great machines."
"My Singer Quantum arrived in a very timely manner, with all parts and accessories. I couldn't be more pleased."
I have had this Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 sewing machine for a few months now.  One thing that I am very disappointed in are the fabric feed dogs under the pressure foot.  They are so sharp that they will snag your delicate fabric.  I try to carefully remove my fabric because I am so afraid of damaging my fabric again and again.  This sewing machine does zig zag delicate edges but trying to remove fabric without it snagging is beginning to be annoying.  Also it does not sew through thick fabric very well.  I will hang on to my 38 year old sewing machine because it does sew through thick fabric.  Some things good and some things bad about this machine.
Purchased for my daughter as a Christmas gift.  She loves it!!!!
"I am a long time sewer and this is my second Singer.  My first finally quit working after 40 years.  I have had other machines also, but I am impressed with the quality of this machine for the money.  It came with all of the accessories I need for sewing and quilting and so far I am very happy.  Only complaint is the manual is not as user friendly as I would have liked.  Took me a while to figure out simple things like changing stitch lengths, etc.  I think It is because it has so many options.  The main reason I chose this machine was the metal frame versus plastic like most of the other machines in this price range."
"LOVE this sewing machine.  I have been sewing most of my life and this is the best machine that I've owned.  I like the digital method of choices.  I like the option of a wide platform to a narrow platform that the fabric sits on while sewing.  The machine came with many accessories, and I am able to use accessories from a Singer machine my mother used in the 50's."
"This was the most amazing sewing machine ever and believe me I was ready to give a 5 star review. But it stopped working suddenly after two weeks right in the middle of an important project. I don't know why and the repair shop couldn't figure out why either. I'm hoping my refund is a success.
UPDATE: my refund was fast--2 days start to finish. I ordered a different machine from the same seller as I didn't like any of the other machines from other sellers. I received the machine lightening fast. I haven't been able to use it yet. Hopefully everything will go well. I've now updated my review from one star to three."
My wife loves this machine. Allows her to do more sewing like an awesome wife should be doing. So far no complaints.
Great Item. love it all in one. very cute and handy.
"Great but has a few issues. I got the warehouse deal cause it was 100 bucks less. It is missing 4 presser feet from the 13 its supposed to have, the seam ripper, felt washers, screw driver, plate screw driver, 2 bobbins, an instruction manual and the auxiliary spool with washer. If it had all the stuff it be 5 stars. Probably shouldn't buy from the warehouse."
"This machine is a quilters delight.  Thread cutter, needle down, feed dogs down and the extension table make it a pleasure to use."
Had an old singer for 40+ years.  Wanted to upgrade.  Could not have done better. Great machine.
"I haven't had it long enough to try out all the special stitches, but am looking forward to it. But, the machine runs smooth and easy to use. I am very happy with it so far!"
"The Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 Computerized machine is indeed a great purchase!  However, the warranty sold by Amazon through Asurion clearly does not honor the contract warranty agreement and thier conduct verges on criminal.  The machine stopped woriking in December 2017.  The machine was inspected as to the scope of the damage.  No service was performed on the equipment prior to sending for service and repair under the warranty.

After more than a month with the Asurion Service, I have now been informed that further repairs would not be performed as the unit had been previously serviced.  I attempted to explain in detail to multple representatives that no repairs had been performed.  However, there was no opprtunity to provide clarification as to the FACTS of requested warranty service.

Shame on Amazon and Asurion.  Rest assured it is not over!!!"
love!
I bought this as a gift to my wife who wanted to sew for fun. I am amazed about the outcome.
I purchased this Sewing machine for my wife. It is more advanced than her older singer machine which broke down after 20 + years. The 9960 is not as loud as her older machine which is a big plus for me:-)
Better than I had before
Everything was perfect. Fantastic machine. Exactly as advertised. Very happy
"I absolutely love this machine. It replaced my 24 year old Singer Mechanical machine. I played with it's features for several days trying to test it's limits. I just love it and would buy it again. You can store small items in it, embroider, monogram, etc. etc. The case cover is integrated into it nicely. The only small negative I have is that I thought it would be a little bit lighter in weight, although  it is still lighter than my old machine."
I love it!!
I have had this sewing machine for over six months now and still love it just as much as the day it was delivered. Definitely take the time to practice using the machine on different setting to get the lost use out of it. I have found it doesnt sew very well over thick fabric with multiple layers so you have to sew pretty slow to make sure the thread doesnt pop and adjust the tension before hand on scrap fabric for thicker projects but I love it.
"So far I've had my machine about 2 months and love it. I consider myself a better than average seamstress. I did a lot of research before I purchased this machine. It's quite, heavy duty, steady and easy to use. There are a lot of good tutorials on YouTube to explain the machine. Love the extra table and the auto thread clipper. I bought the extra warranty hope to never use it. 5 Stars from me!"
"This is a great machine. Lots of stitches, and it's also very quiet compared to my other machine. I have had it now for 2 mos and have used it almost daily for quilting projects.  Would highly recommend."
"I have waited a couple months to post this as I wanted to make a few garments on this machine first.  So far so good.  I really like the machine although there is a learning curve to it.  I have been sewing for 50 years and have sewn on various brands/types of machines (even my GGmother's treadle machine, which I still own)
Since 1988 I have had, and still have, a Bernina 1120 that sews perfectly but has one issue (a small broken spring) that costs more to fix than to purchase this new Singer 9960 machine. That is what prompted me to purchased it. My Bernina is ""electronic"" but not to the degree this machine is so I am still learning the many functions of this one.  So far I am impressed!
This machine's automatic tension system is what sold me on it.  My Bernina has automatic tension (I have never had to adjust it) and that is something I will not live without on any other machine I will own.  This one sews through fleece, denim, lightweight cotton, etc. and so far maintains perfect tension.
I find the automatic threader unnecessary and in the way somewhat and I wish the needle/throat plate attached magnetically, like my Bernina, rather than with screws, but it was not a deal breaker for me.
I am glad I took a chance on choosing this one and hope to use it for many years to come.
The YouTube series of instructions on this machine is very beneficial to anyone who may be interested in it. They demonstrate a few functions the manual does not cover, such as needle positions."
I love this machine!!!
"Everything was great, however the machine works on 120 Volts and Saudi Arabia primarily has 220 Volts. Now I have to invest in a step down for this machine."
"It doesn't skip sitches on straight stitches, but zigzag (especially satin stitching) almost every third stitch skips. This is EXTREMELY frustrating because otherwise I am so in love with this machine. It also makes free hand motion quilting quirky too because it seems to skip a lot there.

I had this problem with my wither singer machine that I was borrowing before I purchased this singer. I had personally only owned singers as well, so i'm not sure why some machines are SO bad with this. This machine, along with the one I borrowed are top loading bobbins, which are nice because you can see it. But my machine that I had for 8+ years was a front loading bobbing and never skipped. Not sure if that's why, and something is wrong with their top loading.

I do half fashion (apperal) and half quilting on my machine and it skipping for zigs or free motion is really bad. Everything else about this machine is a dream and I really don't regret my purchase but omg, that skip tho."
Have had this less than a year and the cutter just broke along with other things stopped working 
"Before deciding on a Janome take a look at this machine! It will work with the most delicate material to canvas duct! Just be sure to use the appropriate needle. I love this machine had it for a month in a half. Excellent for the money! I love the foot pedal, start stop button, automatic threader, reverse button, up down needle button and the ease of creating bobbins and threading them! Great for quilting! Has the same functionality as higher priced Janome machines but more capabilities and accessories included. Happy creating!"
great
"Very nice machine, especially considering the value/cost. I've been using daily since it arrived about 3 weeks ago. Love the speed control as I sew doll clothing with small tight turns and it comes in handy. Has a lot of great  features that are found on higher price machines. It is VERY quiet and smooth running! I find the auto thread cutter a nice feature but when I use it the bottom threads always tangel when starting the seam, sometimes I need to do top stitching from the bottom. Sometimes when working with fine fabrics like voile it wants to slightly bunch, and I'm not great at resetting tensions (one feature I love on the Viking is you tell it your fabric and it auto sets the tension, would be a great feature if they would add it to this machine!). Other than those two issues I find this a fab machine and fun to work on!"
I really like this machine and have used it many times since purchasing it.  Very smooth operating and lots of cool features
I am really happy I purchased this sewing machine versus one of the more expensive options.
"The machine functioned well, but broke after only a year of light use.  I used it primarily for quilting but after just one quilt the vibrations of the machine started to cause the top tension to stop working.  They could reset it at the local sewing machine shop, but just the jostling of getting it home would break it again. The warranty only covered electronic parts past 1year and they have very few certified repair shops so shipping was prohibitive if it wasn't clear they could fix it. After having my last machine for 15+ years, I won't purchase a Singer again if it cant hold up.  The Singer help line people were nice, but condescending as they walked me through threading the machine assuming that was the problem.  They couldn't help with problems beyond that nor could they verify if there were common problems I could have the local repair guy check to see if it would help. Im not sure if I just got a lemon, but after the high reviews this machine got, I was really disappointed. If anyone has had a similar problem and figured out how to fix it, please comment.  I kept the machine because I can still sew thin materials with it as long as I go slow, don't move the machine, and keep a screw driver nearby to jimmy the tension into place at the start."
"Sent as a gift and they loved it, very excited"
There is plenty of room to roll up a large quilt to do the quilting. I have had no issues with this machine. The one thing that was a con is the spool holder lays the spool down so the thread sometimes gets caught in the groove on the spool which then pulls the thread very tight.
I like everything about it. It sews great. It does free motion quilting great.
"Received the Singer 9960 Quantum for Christmas this year.  I am a little intimidated by it but am feeling much more comfortable with it the more I use it.  It runs so smooth and I've made items that were four and five layers thick, and it went over them very smooth.  It has so many extra pressure feet that I'm not used to, so it is taking me some time to learn to use them.  The bobbin is so easy to wind and does a good job winding it evenly.  I particularly like the no peddle sewing feature along with the self needle threading and thread cutter.  So many features that make sewing so enjoyable.  I love my new machine."
"It's a great machine, I haven't had any problems with it yet."
This sewing machine feels really solid and intuitive. Perfect for a beginner sewer like me that plans to learn quickly and sew a lot. Im not sure I could sew super thick fabrics on this machine though however you probably can with a walking foot- I just don't have enough experience probably but Im happy w this machine
"I love this machine so far, I haven't used all the presser feet yet."
The machine is lovely and the options are extensive. Unfortunately the accessory feet that came with the machine do not fit & the bar for the pressor foot is too narrow.
Absolutely the best machine I've ever had! I was in some what emtemadated at first. I`d never owned a computerized machine before. I do alot of quilting and was interested in all the features this machine offered. I've had this machine since about 3 weeks before Christmas and already I've completed a queen quilt top. Amazing easy to use. So glad I made this purchase.
Still learning it's futures
"I received one as a gift a few months ago. It wouldn't work at all at first, needed repair (under warranty) to even start. It worked for a bit after that but now is broken again - turns on but will not sew. I do like all the features of the machine, and it would be wonderful if only it didn't keep breaking. I will update after I get it repaired (again)"
My item was damaged out of the box.  The automatic theader is not working even agree troubleshooting. All instructions were followed but the hook was not hooking the thread.  Sad to know that I haven't even stitched one stitch and the issues have commenced.
"My mom and I love how easy it was to set up this machine and all of the options it has! It has us both so excited to start more projects and that is exactly why I got it for the two of us for Christmas! Going from an older machine to a newer one like this we really liked the automatic needle threader, thread cutters and versatility in the stitches and patterns you can create!"
"Having problems with this machine and Amazon won't exchange because the window for returns has passed.... even though its defective. Too many issues to list here but seems to stem from the auto cutter not working properly so threads get jammed and bobbin nest twists and locks Machine.  Closest Singer qualified center is 101 miles away (one way).
Not happy."
this is a good machine  and is easy to work with
Problems already. Have to drive 70 miles one way to have it worked on. Everyone has been nice but I found out that this sewing machine has lots of problems:(. How sad. I just started decorative stitches on a quilt. If I cant finish it thats going to be super sad:(
Very nice machine for the intermediate or advaced sewer.  I replaced my 20 year singer and love all that the Quantum does.  Sturdy and well made.
As advertised.
"I don't think the product picture reflects this sewing machine well; it looks plastic-ish whereas in real life, it is actually well built and has some weight to it. I love the needle threader, the fact that with the click of a button you can get the bobbin thread out, the automatic thread cutter after sewing, the fact that you can choose a stitch to automatically back stitch at the beginning, etc. Definitely an upgrade from my old machine! It feels like a machine that should cost way more.

I really pray it lasts long because it almost feels too good to be real. Ha!  A big thumbs up."
"This is an AMAZING machine and INCREDIBLE value!

I needed an intermediate to advanced level machine and this fits the bill perfectly. Its easy to set up but to make the most of it I highly recommend taking 20 to 30 minutes to walk through the manual and practice with the features. I watched some YouTube videos before I bought it as well and that also made the setup easy. I will have this machine for years to come! You cant go wrong!"
"I wish I could give this machine a lower rating.  After 3 months I kept getting an error message when trying to make buttonholes, called the help center, but nothing they suggested worked.  Took it to the nearest authorized repair center which is an hour away.  Now, after only 7 months, the timing AND  the tension are off.  Have tried everything in the manual with no improvement.  The timing is so off that the bobbin holder jumps around and makes an awful noise when sewing and the needle has punctured the plastic part of the bobbin holder.  All I wanted was a simple machine that made automatic buttonholes.  This is a classic case of you get what you pay for.  I have resorted to using my 35 year old Bernina 930 which no one will service because of it's age.  Now off to buy a new Bernina and hoping I can return this one for a refund."
"This machine is not working after 9 months of having it. I loved it at first but now it bunches the thread underneath, even when threaded properly. DO NOT buy this machine!!!"
"I love, love, love my machine!!"
"This machine is a piece of crap - wish I never bought it.  The tread constantly comes un-untreaded for no reason at all.  The ha ha ""auto"" threader does not work.  Method for winding the bobbin is inefficient.  Now I am stuck with it."
"I had such high hopes for this machine!  Was upgrading from a Brother to this (supposed) work horse.  Used it all day on 12/21 with absolutely NO problems.  I was loving it and it worked beautifully.  Then today, 12/22, from the get-go, nothing but problems!  Save your hard-earned money and don't get this machine.  Returning this machine post haste!

Problem #1:  Ran out of bobbin thread, so wound a new bobbin.  Inserted new bobbin into bobbin case and was unable to pull up bobbin thread to top.  It kept getting hung up on a metal piece on the bottom.  Problem #2 Sounded like a Mack truck when finally threaded.  Problem #3 Material and thread knotted, pulled to bobbin area, and got stuck.  Pulled everything out, cleaned out top and bottom, totally rethreaded - 3 times and still the same problem.  Problem #4 pressure foot would not raise.  Had to unscrew everything in order to get presser foot to move."
"I have been received it not working ...
It is disappointing"
"A former professional seamstress for Levi Strauss and Gerber children's wear, my wife loves it. Hundred's of YouTube tutorials available on this model to instruct even the newest to this art form--happy husband."
"I highly recommend this machine. It is a great machine for the price. I have been sewing for 40 years and was very reluctant to stray from my old workhorse 1963 Singer because it was bombproof and never needed a bit of maintenance.  People used to assume I had an expensive Pfaff or Viking because I sewed so much, but i couldn't justify the expenditure when my old Singer worked just fine. The pedal started getting finicky and it is hard to find parts for such an old machine, so I finally asked for this machine for Christmas 5 years ago (which my husband purchased on Amazon). I struggled with it initially and gave up. (Bad idea to start out sewing on georgette...I confess I was a bit cocky.) I finally pulled it out again a year ago and gave it another try. Wow...i never use my old one now. I have had no problems with tension, bird nesting, etc.  I do, however, fill my own bobbins rather than purchasing filled bobbins. You MUST get the specified bobbins and not use types that look similar but aren't exact, or you will have problems.
The one thing I don't particularly love is the claim that it will do monogramming. Yes, it will write a name, but I wouldn't call it monogramming. The letters are small and not full, so don't buy it thinking you can monogram towels or shirts. But for regular sewing, it is a great buy. (I am not a quilter so I can't speak to that.)  It comes with a large selection of feet and a great case. If you use a machine to make drapes, clothing, or other general sewing tasks, this machine is a great buy and really easy to use."
I have enjoyed using my machine for about a year now. Its easy to get started with basic sewing and sews beautifully. I love the thread cutter and all of the speciality stitches. A lot of machine for the price.
"I love this machine.  It's a beautiful piece of equipment that works just like I need it to work. I've had it for about 4 months now and made garments, curtains, pillows and quilts with it.  One of those quilts was queen-sized and I was able to maneuver all that fabric under the throat with little difficulty.  This machine makes me want to sew something every day.  Two reasons why it didn't make the 5 star cut for me:  1) Automatic needle threader broke the 4th time I used it.  2) The storage slot on the hard case is too small to hold all the extras included with the machine."
Wonderful machine for quilting.
"Great machine, if it only had the ability to offer a real baste stitch.  You have to change out the foot for a specific foot for the baste option.  This machine is geared to only do a single baste stitch at a time, not continuous. You press the peddle, it does one stitch, and stops.  You have to then hit the peddle and repeat.  HORRIBLE!  The thread tension adjustment is UNDER the machine-so there is no way around this.  I have to use a secondary machine if I need to baste, as I cannot work with a single baste stitch-who has that kind of time?  If had known this, I probably would not have purchased this machine."
"This machine is amazing and the customer service provided by Amazon has been nothing short of incredible.
Just be aware that if you are purchasing this machine for use in Australia, you will need to purchase a step down transformer as the power supply that comes with the machine is 110V and the power supply in Australia is 240V - You can purchase a step down transformer that transforms the power from 240V-110V.
This machine is just beautiful and very simple online tutorials are available. I look forward to many hours of sewing and creating new things using the many functions this machine has."
Love it. It is so quiet when sewing and does a beautiful job.
First time using a sewing machine.  I was able to spool up a bobbin and sew a pillow case taco style using a French seam. I also tested the letter stitching pattern which was nice and easy to use.  Youtube videos helped tremendously cause I don't think I could have read that manual front to back.  I only wish that the plastic cover could be left on while the machine is still plugged.  It makes a nice dust cover.  I bought this instead of the Viking Emerald 118 which is similarly priced.  The Emerald 118 is probably a better beginners machine but this Singer 9960 had a lot of good reviews so got it instead.
"Great machine, but like all Singer machines, there is service. In Raleigh, there is one authorized repair dealer who services 4 states. Based on some of his comments I doubt if they will continue much longer. Also so many other repair places refuse to work on the computerized machines. Most of their techs are old school.."
"The minute I turned this machine on, I knew it was mechanically superior to the Brother sewing machines I have been using the last decade. I love the features if offers; needle up/down button, automatic thread cutter, automatic needle threader. It came with every foot I could possibly need including a walking foot. The price was unbelievable. I primarily sew bags, cowls, mittens and quilt."
Ill admit that I paid a little more than planned to get a machine with an automatic thread cutter and I have no regrets!  I love this machine!
I love this sewing machine. Easy to use with many features.
Love it!!
Broke after 2 weeks.
"Hi the machine was not working when I switched it on . Upon further checking found the fuse inside was burnt. After changing the fuse and using a power converter , it still doesn't work. Please advice what I should do next . Thanks"
just what my wife wanted. worked perfect
"It looks great but this machine has issues and has to be sent off to fix because I didn't open it within 30 days of receipt. I will be sewing a straight stitch and next thing its sewing a zig zag stitch and  the thread gets stuck inside the machine and then your ruffling everything and you have to cut the thread to rethread it. Just a update affter purchasing this machine Its going back to the repair shop this will be the third time ...Singer will not replace this machine, its been in a repair shop for more than 6 months and I purchased a secondary insurance and I have called Amazon for help its out of there hands. I wouldn't want anyone to go thru this on a new machine. 6 months later this machine hasn't been used yet, its been in the shop 4 times and still not fix and no help from anyone going to turn Singer over to BBB, Amazon still says that cant help."
"Is so much better than expected, a real workhorse even on very thick fabric"
"I purchased this machine in 2014 and I loved it until now.  While trying to use the machine quilting function I used invisible nylon thread as suggested in the owners manual, it cut through the thread guide.  Now if I try to use my machine the thread gets stuck in the cut and jams or breaks.  Every attempt to fix it had not worked.  I am going to have to buy a new machine and it won't be another one like this.  Unless they have fixed this defect in the machine since I purchased mine, I would not recommend this machine."
"I have enjoyed using this machine the last 6 months. However I'm  posting a review today as a very annoying problem has happened AGAIN. While quilting it is too easy to accidentally touch the control panel and the stitch changes. Then you are unaware and continue sewing. Think the design of machine could be better. Also the other buttons like start/ backstich are slanted down and not easy to use.
Also The extension small table does not lie flush.
Apart from those points it's a good cheap machine."
my machine is just 2 years old and I was told today I have to have the motor rebuilt to the tune of $300-500. Not a happy camper right now.
"I'll start with What I don't like-  sense typically I want to know the downfalls whenever I'm reading reviews.

 The automatic threader: this could be because I'm so used to my brother se 350. I just find that my previous machine had a far superior automatic threader. This one takes a few more steps - though once I get the hang of it hopefully I will be able to thread it as quickly as I could on my previous machine.

The drop in bobbin: on my brother SE 350 the drop in Bobben is full proof. In fact it guides you all the way through the process and you don't have to pull up your Bobbin thread. On this one it's a little bit harder and requires more steps. You have to pull your bobbin to the top and I've already had a few trial and errors.

IF ONLY Brother and singer would have a baby. Then it would be perfect!!

Everything else is great.  The accessories are so fantastic and they have really given me lots of ideas of things I'd like to try to do. It's always great to have tools that will spark creativity. The stitch capabilities of this machine is also really great. You can't mess it up because your machine will tell you exactly what foot to use. I love the mirroring capabilities-  I am new to free motion quilting so I machine like this opens up a lot of possibilities in using decorative stitches with my walking foot. I think this machine is well worth the cost. It's pretty heavy and it's quite large. Even without the extension table it is quite bigger than my previous machine. I love that because I quilt and having an extended workplace is always really helpful. It's got a nice quiet hum and  material feeds quite nicely into the machine through the feed dogs. I imagine after a few months I will forget all about the Bobbin and the threader because I'll be used to using it. It's just different and those things on this machine are not as beginner friendly. If you typically use a singer then you probably won't notice the difference I did in those two things. This probably wouldn't be the best machine for someone that hasn't sewn before- however there are YouTube videos that walk you through every single thing on this machine and every single accessory. I watched and read so much stuff before buying this one and I'm really glad that I went ahead and got it."
Love this sewing machine . Its easy to see strait. very good solid machine. A must to have for sewing quilts.
Love it. Sews everything including fury suits.
"I've been using my new Singer for a few months now and absolutely love it.  Appreciate the extra accessories and have found it very easy to use.  It's perfect, and I've already sewn so many great projects and quilts. No regrets with this buy."
Easy to use and has many features I like.
"Awesome sewing machine, easy to operate, my favorite part is self sewing and speed adjustment, I can pretty much sew with no hands. Worth the purchase!!!"
"I was hesitant to purchase this because of all of the negative reviews, in fact I waited for almost a year before I bought it. I LOVE IT!!! Have used it for all kinds of sewing including a rodeo queen dress for my daughter."
love all the things this machine does
Works great
"<div id=""video-block-R3U7PYEMG8DOIL"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Qee3R9QxS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/619PFtmvPBS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Great machine, easy to use!"
Bought this machine from amazon 7 months ago. Love it.
"I bought this item for my 23 yr old son gif his birthday. He is anew fashion designer and he is taking sewing classes. He loves it a lot. He has not tried out its many functions as yet so hopefully he will continue to love it,"
"I really love this sewing machine! I have had one for 7 years now. I can hem jeans, piece quilts and even quilt a king size quilts. I can embroidery names and all the fancy stitches. My daughter wanted my machine, my husband said I could buy whatever I want and after lots of shopping I chose the singer quantum 9960. It is the Best Buy for my money and does all I want in a machine."
Awesome machine!
"Can't get constant results. One stitch is straight, the next one is stretched, the other one is squeezed..."
perfect
"I just love my new Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist sewing machine. It was a bit
intimidating at first. Once I got used to it, it became a great go to for my crafty
projects."
"I very much liked my Quantum Stylist when it first arrived.  Actually, thats not quite true.  The first time I tried the alphabet letters, I got only the top half of the letter.  I really didn't want to send the machine back, but after studying the problem, I realized the needle never went onto the left half of its  travel.  I figured that was either an easy or very complicated fix.  I turned the machine upside down on my lap, and after studying things for awhile, realised there was a thing that looked like a little hook just hanging out by itself near where the needle support was.  Needle nose pliers pushed it unto the needle support where it looked like it ought to go, and hey presto!  Everything worked!  So if Id done a review at that point, Id have given 4 stars.  Either it wasn't packaged sturdily enough to prevent the little arm from being shaken off in shipping, or it wasn't assembled or tested right.  Dont know which, but the problem shouldnt have occurred.

So I was very happy with the machine after that, until I finished a quilt top and went to quilt it with the walking foot.  Thats when I discovered a major problem.  You cannot use the quilting bar with the walking foot!  That is a serious bug.  There are other feet that will take the guilting bar, but the walking foot will not.  Since the walking foot is recommended for quilting, how are you supposed to maintain an even distance from row to row?  I called Singer Customer Care, and they got right back to me.  They confirmed that there is no way to use the quilting bar with the walking foot, and there is no other machine with a walking foot to fit the 9960 which has that feature.  I have also been unable to find one in the aftermarket.  Needless to say, I am not a happy camper.  If Id known that up front, I would never have bought this machine.  Quilter beware.

One final problem I have not yet been able to diagnose.  It may be user error (me), or it may be some problem with the machine.  If you let the bobbin winder fill a bobbin as directed in the instruction manual, you cannot remove the bobbin from the spindle.  I have destroyed two bobbins trying to pry them off the spindle.  I don't think there is any kind of release lever, but I haven't checked with Customer Care yet.  Im sufficiently aggravated by this problem, I think I will just get a separate bobbin winder and not bother with Customer Care.  I didn't ding the  review another star for this problem, because Im not sure if its my problem or theirs.  There was some question initially whether the machine used 15 or 15J bobbins.  Various tutorials on the machine from Singer actually give contradictory information.  The final word from Customer Care was use 15, not 15J.  But now Im wondering if that was wrong.

Sorry this runs on so long.  On the whole its a great machine.  Clothes and simple stuff are a breeze.  But it was advertised as a machine for quilting, and I would say it falls short there."
Big hit with my wife  she loves it
I love it.
"She loves it,does everything she wants it to."
It is to gentel and i was expecting more a bit disappointment
Love this sewing machine and I still have not used all the features!
"I bought my machine in Dec 2013. I loved it up until a few months ago. The bobbin case turned out of place. I saw on line that this was a common problem with this machine. I keep my machine cleaned as shown. Now to some this may be not a big deal to get their machine fixed. My closest certified repair shop is 118 miles away. Can't even guess how much shipping would be to mail it in. Oh, forget calling Singer for help unless you want to be on hold for HOURS!! Now to some 4 years & they would just buy a new one. I bought mine as a splurge. Call me old but hey shouldn't things last longer that a few years??? Now here I am with sewing I need to do for Christmas & a jacked up machine. VERY FLUSTRATED!!!!"
The bias foot that came with the machine doesnt fit. I hope all the other feet do. Id like to be able to get the correct one.
I love this machine!!
"I used it once, it broke, I threw it out"
Machine electronic display stopped working. And there is no warranty center close by to fix them. Fixing the issue is more expensive than the sewing machine.
Like it
"This machine is fantastic.  I've made at least 7 quits, several pillows, a lot of mending and couldn't be happier.  I am an avid quilter, but admit I don't know how to use all features.  I'm considering taking a class to help me get more familiar.  But overall I think I will have this machine for a long time based on my experience to date.  I've had this almost a year."
My Wife Loves it. Best price of any we shopped for. Works great and was packed well. Fast shipping
Everything i need
"Originally, could not make up my mind which machine to order the Singer 9980 or the 9985.  In the end, I selected the 9980 and certainly have not been sorry.  It is truly a dream unit for it's selection of beautiful stitches as well as ease of use.  Would definitely recommend this machine to both friends and family."
"I am really liking this machine , easy to use."
Absolutely great machine and for the price it's even better.  Love my new sewing machine.
It does real good.
"Just got the machine Saturday and already having issues.
It frequently stops sewing and says to re-thread the top thread. Re-threading multiple times has not corrected the problem. Also, the much anticipated thread cutter has turned out to be a major pain. It cuts the thread so short the needle unthreads when I start to sew again. If I need to manually lengthen the thread every time before I start to sew I might as well just manually clip it in the first place."
"I previously had the 9960 and I loved it and after years of constant use it finally stopped working properly and wasn't cost effective to have repaired. So when I was shopping for a new machine I of course thought to get the upgraded version - its a great machine for all the features and the price, and the automatic thread cutter is a must for me. I've been using this machine for 6 months now and basically it sucks and I will be searching for another new machine. This newer design isn't convenient - the bobbin winder is down inside the top of the machine and is inconvenient to use; the needle area is so small and narrow it is impossible for me to get my hands in there to change the needle or do anything in that area - and I don't have huge hands. I am constantly having to re-thread the machine, the thread gets disengaged from pick up lever inside or something but, its completely annoying - especially when I have a lap full of quilt and pins that I'm trying to get through the machine and then I have to stop and put it all aside, thread the machine and start again. I wouldn't even donate this machine, no one else would want the headache either."
Excellent
"I bought the 9960 in June 2017, I do a lot of quilting and sewing and up until last week have been sooooo happy with this machine.... until one day the thread cutter stopped working properly. Literally one day it was fine and the next day it was done.  The mechanism still works but it doesn't cut the thread, it just snags it and jams everything up. To remove the jam, the bobbin has to be removed and you have to use tweezers to yank the thread out. I got on the Singer website to figure out what I should do, that was useless.  I have taken the metal plate off and searched around numerous times to find a solution, I have no idea what happened. I'm gonna contact Amazon about it since other reviews I've read have had similar issues."
"Positively the worst machine I have had. I bought in March. It worked wonderfully until August 3. It was sent to the service center for repair and they kept it for 2 months. When I finally got it back, it still wasn't repaired. It was sent back again and I just got it back October 18. I just sat down to sew and it STILL has the same problem. I will have to send it in again I am sure. However, I would not buy this machine again. It is not worth the trouble."
"I could not be more pleased with the value of this purchased. The number of accessories it arrived with, surpassed my expectations. Love it! And when it saws, it purrrrs like a kitten."
"I have been sewing since I was ten and am now 77, so I am not a newcomer.  I learned on my mother's old Singer and have had three different kinds of other machines in my life.  Last year my old machine, a New Home, died after about 25 years of good service.  Where I now live there is only one authorized dealer of any kind of machine and it is not a brand to my liking or needs.  So, I bought this one from Amazon last summer a my memories of Singer are all good.  The first year it ran well.  I did not use any of the decorative stitches, just straight and zigzag.  A couple of months ago, it began cutting the thread the instant the needle went into the fabric. I called customer service.  The lady I talked to did not know how it could happen.  Her only help was that I should take it to an authorized dealer.  There is no authorized dealer for about 80 miles, and it is in the middle of a large metropolitan area where I cannot drive comfortably.  I did talk to an unauthorized dealer.  He had never heard of such a thing but did make a couple of suggestions.  We tried those and a couple of other things and managed to get it to stop cutting the thread but do not know how we did it.  It ran well for about two or three months and then began having the bobbin case twist itself and stop sewing.  We cleaned out all lint, oiled it and put the case back in correctly.  It retwisted.  It has continued to do that so that now the machine is useless to me.  It will not sew.  Maybe if we keep playing with it we can get it to run again, but I don't trust that something else will come up.  It is simply not well made.  I do not recommend that anyone buy it."
"My take on the Singer Quantum Stylist Touch 9985. Perfect!

So many stitches to even mention. Perfect stitching on the ones I've tried, which are plenty. Easy to adjust machine, a huge thank you to Singer for allowing the user to fine tune it. The auto tension is superb unless I need to adjust on a very heavy project. Then that's just expected. Great quality machine and nothing cheap about it unless just getting over the fact that the cover is plastic which isn't a big deal once you see what's underneath it. If I had to gripe about anything would be a way to lower the bright screen or make it brighter if ever needed. For all I know it may have that option. Easy to thread both top and bottom without bobbin issues arising. Threading the needle? This threader has me in love. Auto thread cutter is beautiful. Only wish the cheap cover was a little better for this machine. I believe they've been using this thin cover since the 90's. Time for them to revamp.

Sewing has become easier that I've yet to even unpack my pedal. I was spoiled since unboxing to the button start/stop feature and speed control. You're foot no matter how many years of sewing will always not have an even speed. The start/stop button is great. I can using the peddle in the future just for keeping my eyes down and adjusting on a dime with speed. But so far I've yet to use it since you have many speed adjustable features right there and can sew a stitch at a time if needed. The bobbin tension seems to be perfect in over 90% of my projects. Presser feet included are a welcome gift. Walking foot is dreamy. Comparing to a heavy duty machine this should be considered one, since it's as tough as labeled ones.

Wished the Singer gave more than a year warranty on tune ups/tweaking, like three to five. Five years on electronics should be 100% for five years and prorate down until a good fifteen. (100% @ 5, 75% @ 10 and 50% @ 15...After that give a discount on repairs, if needed) Why? The machine itself has a 25-year warranty and it would make good sense. Singer the company knows we will keep the machines will over 25 years and a few things like electronics need replacement. Timing and tuning we all have that nightmare and it's just good upkeep to keep from using their 25 year internal parts warranty.

Here's a few tips on the things I use without issues on heavy materials and leather. The heavy duty correct size needle for the item at hand. Heavy duty thread. Adjust the knob on the left side of the machine if needed, especially on leather. Normally the walking foot or presser foot ""A"" with the lock. Use a longer stitch. Run at a slower speed, always.

I've sewn everything from silk, lace, upholstery, suede, quilting and leather to include jackets and placing patches on them as well with no issue doing the above steps.

This is my 3rd Singer machine and a Singer serger on hand IF needed. I inherited my Mom's Stylist (late 60's to early 70's model) and I have a Stylist from the 1990's. This machine is just as tough as the ones I already had. Yes they've been pushed to the max. This one is getting there. My machine had to do a few projects that my best friend's Viking and Janone just refused to even do.

This is a well built machine and nothing less. You just have to read the manual and learn it plus know what each stitch and feature will do or not do. Several reviews that are bad I see where they are novice to ANY machine. That's fine for easy stitching but many give bad reviews without having knowledge.

My personal opinion is that this machine will more than likely be my last machine and I'm in my mid 40's. It's a workhorse and I plan to keep it tuned and we'll taken care of. Basically maintain it and I see many years of wonderful projects. The designs are great but I have an industrial embroidery machine from our family business to do better stitching. The designs here are smaller ptojects and clothing vs a heavy high thread count.

Giving this machine a score of a 100 for design, features and the ability to sew heavy weight projects with no hiccups!

Bad reviews I've found have been from novice users and some that don't pick up the manual and learn this machine. Sure you can our a child can sew right out of the box with this one. However, you need to read how each feature, stitch, tension, presser foot etc works for you instead of against you. Makes me sad to see others knock a top of the line machine without learning it. I had to learn it myself coming from manual machines to electronic machines to tweak my skills on it.

Enjoy this machine! Might be your last machine you'll ever buy or maybe another to have next to it for dual projects."
"Im so new to the world of sewing (just started in late August) and the machine I had prior to the Singer was ok. It was a bit difficult to manage the speed and my sewing projects wasn't the best.

I found out about the Singer 9960 watching a video of a woman who was doing a tutorial on diapers and all I could focus on was the functionality of her Singer. I fell in love with instantly!

I sold my 1.5 month old machine and used the profits to help purchase the 9960 and I have absolutely NO regrets! Its very user friendly and I love the thread cutter button and the extension table. My crafts (while not perfect) have been much easier to do on this machine vs the other one. I love it!"
Excellent machine and easy to use.  Love all the extra feeder feet
Love
"under $500, this is the best sewing machine!"
Love my new Singer 9895 Quantum
"I picked this machine because it apparently has the capacity to sew heavier fabrics, such as denim and leather as well as lightweight materials.  What a mistake!  It can barely handle gathered cotton, even with a heavier duty needle.  It is a pain in the butt to use, and even on the fastest stitching setting is incredibly slow.  The decorative stitches are cool, but often too slow to use in a productive way.  I can't hem a dress with a cool stitch if it takes forever to go an inch.  The interface is also very confusing and not intuitive.  To top it all off, the only service center is an hour away from me and they said they are going to charge me 150$ to tune and repair it.  That's half the cost of the machine!  SAVE YOUR MONEY, do not buy a Singer - they are not dependable and this one particularly is very rickety.  The same price I paid for this could have been spent on a Juki or Pfaff that I could rely on.  My mistake."
"The first/original Quantum Id ordered was used when I ordered a new one, and started having problems with the machine the first time I used it. I let it be for a day or 2, figuring it needed to rest and reset. That wasn't the case. Got the replacement, which I hope was new as I wanted,  and that was working perfectly for the first month Id had it, and then the problems started again. Am beginning to think someone sold Amazon a whole bunch of this machine that were defective and/or used. Dont get me wrong, Amazon Customer Service has been nothing but awesome both times Ive dealt with them on this machine. However, I hope and  that the 3rd time is a charm. If not, then I have to deal with Asurion, the warranty company."
"I purchased this machine in April and I was really starting to like it. Now however, it has cracks in the plastic where the thread passes through its path.
I have contacted Singer and I am hoping for some resolution. It was far too expensive to have problems less than 6 months out of the gate. It is sort of ironic that I was worried about the computer portion failing and it turns out to be the plastic that I have problems with."
Easy to use and has everything I need!
I love love love this machine! It has many more features than I'll ever use and comes with every attachment you might want. The price is fantastic for the features provided.
Love it and would recommend for anyone.
"Love it. I have several machines, including a longarm quilter. I have a singer ce 250 embroidery/sewing machine, that I really like, but it just didn't do everything I wanted. This fit the bill. All those stitches (which I will probably never use all of them), but they're there if I want to. I like the fact that you can move the needle as desired. I make pillows with cording and u can a just the needle to go a little closer to the cord with every seam. It really makes for nice looking decor pillows. I'll need to school myself on all the functions, but that's the fun part...figuring out what does what. Singer, always a good buy."
Granted I did purchase this item Oct 2013 after extensive research as it was my intention to take up quilting and this sewing machine seemed to be the best for a beginning quilter.  Time passed and it wasn't until approximately this time last year that I tried to actually quilt.  Found the experience extremely frustrating as the fabrics with the walking foot continually puckered and pulled no matter what I did.  Exasperation & frustration hardly describe trying to use this machine.  Figured it was ME not understanding the machine.  Today I took a class on learning to quilt.  We had to bring out own machines and surprise surprise this Singer puckered and pulled to the Instructor and she was unable to quilt with it.  Now I'm online at Amazon to see if there is Customer support with the product and there is NONE so so much for a retirement of sewing & quilting.  Can't even ethically give it to a Thrift Shop because they'll pass this frustration to somebody else so after 4 yrs it'll go to the garbage.  Will NEVER buy a Singer again.
"The bobbins that came with my singer 9960 did not match singer class 15 or 15j
Bobbins after some use it would start jamming after much aggravation I purchased a different sewing machine
To replace this 9 month old sewing machine."
"what a great machine, so glad I got it"
Easy to set up and use.  Nice size and beautiful stitches. Only caveat is there are only 2 needle positions.  Not a big deal. This is a great value machine at a great price.
I love it . It is just what I wanted. I do a lot of applique and some fancy stitching so it does the job I need.
"Bought this machine after reading many great reviews. I started off binding a quilt, did well for about 42 inches of straight stitching then it jammed. The spool thread was wrapped in the bobbin. It was obvious that it was not timed properly. I called Singer support and I was told I could ship it to their warranty center at my own expense but they would not charge me to ship it back! I'm in Texas and the nearest warranty center is a 9 hour drive from my house. I found many U-Tube videos on timing this machine so I think this may be a common problem. Even after timing it, it will only sew for a short amount of time before jamming again. I've had it two weeks, have not been able to complete one project, it has jammed 4 times and sewing has not been a stress reliever for me--I'm returning it to the store where I bought it for a full refund. I'm going back to buying Brother machines. I used one for 6 years without a single problem."
I love this machine!
"Can someone please help me....I have this machine and love it.  However, I need a good satin stitch for it for doing applique.  Can someone be so kind as to tell me the correct setting and pressure foot to use.  Thanks and have a blessed day."
"I have an mechanical Pfaff from around 1992. While it is still a workhorse and I love it, I thought it would be nice to have another machine. It had to be heavy duty, have a decent number of stiches for applique and decoration on quilts, and not so expensive that I would be angry if it broke in a few years. I researched and researched and while the Juki TL-2010q distracted me with lustful thoughts, I managed to tear myself away and go back to my original desires. I finally narrowed down my selections to the Janome HD 3000 and the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist.

Another month passed of back and forth and various side trips to consider other machines (the Juki HLZ 400 and 600 kept catching my attention). Finally, I decided that a machine model that has been going strong for so many years with so many good reviews at such a good price was worth the purchase.

I'm so glad I got it. It's worth every penny. The stiches are even, the tension is easy to work with, it handles both lighter and heavy weight material and thicknesses without complaint or rattles. I never knew how much I would love the needle up/down option, automatic thread cutting, easy stich selection  and a top accessible drop-in bobbin. The table and the many feet are added bonuses. I thought I would be getting a machine to supplement my Pfaff. Instead my Pfaff sits mournfully in its case while the Singer stands ready and immediately available on my sewing table."
Love my new machine. Very quiet and sturdy.
"I bought it less than a year ago and it broke after 9 months, while the buttonhole function never really worked. I had to ship it back to Singer and pay 89$ just to send it. Singer has now had my machine for 3 MONTHS and I cannot get a clear answer on their part. This is the worst customer care service I have ever encountered. Nobody gives a precise answer and the person who might know something is as it happens never in the office. I loved while it worked but buying Singer is definitely risky because if it stops working you are basically screwed."
I have been using it for the last two months with no problems. I absolutely love it.
This is a wonderful machine. Sews through several layers of PVC backed 600 denier duck canvas with ease. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
I love the way the machine sewed and all the features.  Unfortunately it has a short life span and I have been unable to get it repaired.  Spent $200.00 on repair but it still won't sew.  Singer offered no help.
Has so many options to pick from and yet is easy to use as one that is a basic machine .
"Absolutely a wonderful machine, especially for the price!!"
"I'm a novice sewer at best so when I began having trouble with my manual adjust machine I  knew it was time for an upgrade.  And boy is this an upgrade! I am more than pleased with my singer, I might just graduate to real hobbyist! ;)"
I'm very happy with my Singer Quantum 9985 sewing machine.  It has exceeded my expectations!
"Super excited to get this sewing machine and it was more amazing than the description. Sews very smoothly and is incredibly quiet. It is a powerful machine and has a lot of options. Functions are easy to navigate and the accessories are convenient to use. It sews really clean stitches and I used this machine in making my cousin's wedding dress, a lot of satin and lace. I am so glad I finally bought this machine and would recommend it to any level of sewer."
"This was my best buy ever. Love it,Love it, Love it, Performs well and so easy to use."
Great sewing machine love everything about it make sewing so easy
I love this machine and all its attachments.
Didn't come with a manual in the box.
This machine stopped  working properly after a week so I returned it. I upgraded to a much better machine.  I recommend purchasing a different brand.
"Exactly what I ordered.  Sews great, easy to thread, easy to use."
"I was super excited to get this feature-rich machine, then after 20-ish days, the hand wheel became hard to turn, the machine became loud and creaky, and keeping under the plate clean didn't help. Amazon replaced the machine, and when I unpacked my ""new"" machine, I found it wasn't new AT ALL (see photos)! There was dirt and dust in the crevices on top, so I investigated further. I took the plate off to find a bunch of lint and filth. Oh wait, there's more... I prefer to use the foot pedal, so upon plugging it in, the connector port jiggled and fell out. Needless to say, the machine wouldn't run with the foot pedal... SOOOO... I tried using the start/stop button and noticed right away that the lettering on that button was worn away from heavy use, and no, it didn't work, just beeped.

HOW DARE someone provide used machines to Amazon claiming that they're new? Just UGH!

I'm waiting on the third machine to come in tomorrow, and we will see what happens. This third machine is as far as I'm willing to go without requesting a full refund."
My second Singer Quantum.  My first Quantum lasted 28 years and was a work horse!  I hope this one will be the same!  Nice machine so far.  Can't go wrong with Singer!
I got just what I expected.  I haven't sewed in a while but found the machine fairly easy to understand & use.
"Sews well for the most part. I've been sewing for nearly 20 years, and this machine runs smoothly with most fabrics. It has some trouble with slinky and stretchy material. But overall it is good and I love the extra attachment to make the sewing space larger!"
"This is an update on the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist. I bought the machine in 2013 and it worked fine when I was sewing satin and lace baby blankets, but this summer I was sewing on heavier fabric and I started to have problems with needles breaking and the bobbin jamming. I took it to be repaired in May of 2017 and  after many conversations,  I was told that the bobbin case was broken.  So I ordered the new bobbin case and had it replaced but it still did not work. I have taken it to a new authorized repair person and have not gotten any further with the repairs.  Both authorized dealers told me that you can't use heavy fabric with this machine. I have always owned Singer machines but have found that if you do work with heavier fabrics you start to have issues with the bobbin case.  I did a lot of research prior to making my purchase but have found that the Singer 9960 Quantum is good for basic use but not the best if you are going to use it with heavier fabric."
"I only have had it for a month and it is starting to fail, the back button is not working any more I have only used it like 5 times to sew a skirt and the threader is very tricky to use, to expensive for such a bad quality"
"Worked great at first, but after a couple hours of use, it refuses to work. No customer service from singer. Would NOT recommend."
"The cat,s Meow love it, love it, now only 500 more stitches to try love it of coarse it,s a SINGER Merrnk"
"Great deal for the money, with loads of extras"
"I love it!  Is versatile, the stitches are flawless. So I could not do better buy! I recommended!"
"I love this machine.  I wish the font options were better,  but otherwise a great machine with many great features and accessories"
"Been using this for a month and like be it. Only problem is the automatic needle threader. Could not for the life of me get it to work. I did some research and one lady said to push it from the back to make the hook go through the needle. That worked. It is cumbersome to do - I should probably think about getting it fixed. Just don't want the hassle.

It is great for free motion quilting."
Love my new sewing machine
"I have had this machine since February 2017 and have had to send it in for repairs 2 times and it is broken once again.  Warranty covers repair costs but shipping to the authorized repair center, per Singer's recommend shipping instructions, has cost over $100.00 for the first 2 times repair work was needed.  Additionally, repair center keeps my machine about 1 month, I assume they are working on ""paying"" customers first!"
"Wonderful!!  So many extra pieces, perfect setup with expansion surface and hardcover.  Tremendous value for such an excellent product.  I haven't learned every stitch and setting yet, but that is part of the thrill of owning this machine."
Great machine.  I've sewn for years but I'm still learning how to use all the features.  I keep the manual near by while sewing so I have it for easy reference.
"Love the machine. This is the 2nd Singer I've owned and I loved my first, and am liking this one so far. There does come an extra package with accessories that don't fit this machine, not sure why they were included, but as far as the machine and workability, 5 stars."
"I like the machine, however it is currently in for service as the material is not feeding into the machine as it is supposed to."
Great machine. I'm a quilter and I just love this machine. A great value and all the accessories I needed were included. I would highly recommend this machine.
Only had this a week but I'm in LOVE already !  I'm use to my heavy duty Singer- this one is whisper quiet compared to the heavy duty-
"I loved this machine when I got it. Was so excited about the cool features it had at such a low price compared to other computerized models. Of course, you get what you pay for and Within a few months the bobbin was jammed. I hear a random clicking noise that I can't pinpoint. I have just contacted singer and thankfully there is a 1 year warranty but I don't know if they will uphold it! I will hopefully get my money back and put it towards a more quality machine."
"This Singer machine is all that I thought it might be. It sews beautifully!  It is everything I need in a sewing machine.
I like Singer products."
"I LOVE this machine!!!  It is so smooth while sewing.  I love the apha/numeric feature!  This machine has everything I was looking for- auto thread cutter, alpha/numeric + so many other stitches, needle down option .  Great price and easy to use!  Well worth the money!!!"
Might be the best sewing machine in the world.  And there's a woman on youtube that has a million tutorials on how to use it. Those videos taught myself and my daughter how to use it properly.  Singer should pay her.
"I love this sewing machine!!!  I'm new to sewing/quilting and therefore don't know a lot about sewing machine options but I know that this particular sewing machine has a lot of stitch options and is very user friendly.  It has the auto thread cutter for top thread and bobbin thread, slow start, push button operation in lieu of the foot pedal, a nice deck extension to allow for larger sewing projects, auto threader, drop in bobbin, clear bobbin window to monitor the bobbin thread remaining, and so much more.  I can't believe how easy it is to use.  I've tried many of the different stitches as well as several of the many presser feet that come with it and it's all so easy to setup and use.  Love it, love it, love it!!!"
"Love love love this sewing machine. I love the automatic sew feature, the thread cutting feature and the needle threading feature. It is so easy to use. It's very quiet too!"
"i love this machine, it sews really smoothly. love the variety of feet you get its amazing."
This just quit after being used for less than a week.  It just stopped running.  Did all the trouble shooting and it would not work.
"I wanted a sewing machine that automatically set the tension and didn't cost an arm and a leg.  Very pleased with this model,  My only drawback is that it won't take more than 3 thicknesses of denim, but for the price it was well worth it.  It took over the place of my 20 year old Elna which cost me $1,800 and apart from the thickness issue has all the bells and whistles my old Elna had."
"I have had this sewing machine for little over a year now and have pieced and quilted four large quilts plus several little craft projects with it.  I'm very pleased with all of its features and bonus selection of accessories -- whatever I have in mind to create, it has just the tool required. It's very straight forward to use and with quality materials, performs excellently.

My only disappointment with the Singer 9960 is that it doesn't have a brighter bulb, but that's easily remedied with the addition of a little gooseneck lamp."
"This 9960 Quantum Stylist is a wonderful machine and has worked perfectly for me so far... except for a couple of things...  I only have two problems with it... I can't get the auto threading feature to work for me and the machine was delivered in 'broken' condition.  I bought the 9960 as 'second-hand' and as a 'returned and refurbished' machine.  Someone had it before I did and they had problems with the feed dogs.  I believe they tried to adjust the dogs themselves and ended up ruining the adjustment 'leg' that is accessed under the bobbin plate and which controls the amount the dogs rise to move the material forward.  They broke the top of the plastic adjustment 'leg' and left off the retaining nut after their failed efforts and even left out one of the screws for the bobbin plate.  Amazon did not realize the problem and did not repair the problem.  As of now, I'll try to order parts or manufacture an all-steel replacement.  At this point I could not recommend purchasing returned items from Amazon and I do not intend to do so in the future.  Even so, I love this machine.  Now that it is working again it is a joy to use.  I am a 59-year old man and found the 9960 quite easy to use.  I highly recommend that you purchase a new machine, not a 'refurbished' problem."
Great machine. Still learning all the things it will do. Fairly easy to use. Very quiet and smooth.
I'm still working on learning how to use this machine. Just a lack of time on my part. Looking forward to having a bit more time to sit down with the machine and work with it without being interrupted. Then I can redo my review. So far I'm liking it but like I said I have not had time to really work with the machine.
Have been using extensively for over a month and absolutely love it!! Great machine and accessories.
Looks everything I was hunting for
This is a gift to my wife. She is  fairly new at sewing and so I wanted to buy the best machine that will not be too complicated to use. this looks so easy and fun way to learn things.
"WOW!!! This is a great sewing machine.  Been sewing for 40+ years and have had a few good machines over the years.  Wanted a new machine but wasn't sure if I wanted to get an electronic one since I wasn't going to be doing quilting or a lot of fancy embroidery.  After visiting two stores and trying several machines at each store, I wasn't convinced about anything.

Started reading tons of reviews on Amazon as well as many other sites and kept coming back to this machine.  It has many features that are usually included only on much higher priced machines, it has a metal frame which to me is important...didn't want a lightweight flimsy machine that would jump all over the place.  Not only does it have a free arm, it also comes with two other sewing bases...a medium size (that includes the storage box area in front) and a separate and a larger table with collapsible legs.  One of the best features for me is the thread cutter button that cuts both upper & bobbin threads at the touch of a button!  I have an impaired right hand and this feature has greatly decreased the need for me to pick up clippers.  It sews very smoothly, very even stitches.  The instruction booklet is very good, surprisingly.  And there's a Singer Help Line that you can call...I did call with a couple of questions and was very happy with the short wait time and the helpful person I spoke with.

So far have sewn on cotton, cotton/poly blend, knit t-shirts, Velcro tabs, burlap, elastic bands --- all without any problems.  I am soooo happy that I chose this machine."
I am new with digital and more options. I am still learning just wish had CD to watch how do features instead of just reading guidelines.
my wife love it
My husband bought this for me a few years ago. I've never had a single problem with it. Its very user friendly and easy to figure out. I love it!
Excellent machine for a beginner or seasoned seamstress!!
"NOT Happy! This sewing machine was great in the beginning but after a while I started running into some issues. Keep in mind that I only had this thing for TWO weeks. I received this on July 5th! It's a quite machine and all but the features are laughable. It Keeps jamming on me, I found white goop inside the machine (don't think that's normal) and the start and stop button does not work. Its ridiculous!!"
"One foot did not fit the machine, and have found no way to even buy the foot.  Other than that it is a great sewing machine."
"So I bought the Singer 9985 and I have been a customer of Amazon for several years- this is only the second return I have ever made to the company-ordering items at least once a week from Amazon. So why did I make the return... This Singer machine has a beautiful touch screen- it is easy to navigate and worked great. I returned the machine because I was unable to thread the machine the first time through- even with two hands because of the POOR design of the threading system. It is set way down in to be aesthetically pleasing; like so when you shut the top it is flat and not curved to give it that edgy look I am guessing. Well it is edgy al right so edgy you cannot thread it with two hands on the first time. I am not new to sewing- I am going on 30 and have been sewing since I was 7. My business is based off of sewing and I already own five machines, including 2 Brothers, White, Husqvarna Viking and a Singer Professional 5 thread serger (that has had problems since day 1 of having that- it is not currently able to be used- Singer Quality?- I was hesitant with this machine because of that one). I cannot really even explain how bad it is- you would have to see it but NONE of my other machines and NO machine I have ever used or seen has had a threading system this bad.

Just look through the pictures on here and if you notice they do NOT show an inside view of the machines threading system, it is terrible. Not only can you not do it with one hand, or even two hands most of the time, it catches on the second step, I think it is, where you first hook the thread under the first hook and then go around the corner and come down that first time- it catches before you get to take the thread down the first time because it is up so high with a big ridge and it is just really poorly designed. The bobbin is also set down in so low up top I had to stand up to wind a bobbin and I had my office chair up high. Also if you think you are getting like SO many decorative stitches- about 600 or more are alphabets including one Greek alphabet- I personally would have never used that one. If you find a stitch guide out there on the net(there is also not a picture of the stitch guide on here which is on the underside of the top flap you lift to thread the thing-it shows all of the stitches-probably because it would allow you to see the poor threading system) and think to yourself well there has to be many more stitches than that included-think again- that's all of them... All the rest of unaccounted stitches are alphabets.

I actually don't know how Singer quality control got this thing onto the market??? It is very difficult to thread.

 The machine sews nice stitches- the quality of the stitch is fantastic... That is an important factor for me but the threading is something I am going to be doing several times a day for the life of the machine and it was not something I can fight with daily-it was not worth it to me, personally, at all. My Husqvarna Viking has awesome stitch quality as well and so does my more expensive Brother and their threading systems are great as well. All in all I could not deal with the threading and it did not have enough different features compared to my Expensive Husqvarna-I was looking faster or different features but so far even the Singer Heavy duty I tried out went head to head with my Husqvarna and they are the same speed-they are fast machines. I just bought a Juki F series because it adds features I do not have such as thread cutting through the foot controller and a knee lift as well and high sewing speed. Amazon was a breeze to work with on the return, Thank you Amazon!"
Love this machine but have to go to u-tube to learn everything because directions are terrible in the book. Hard to find things in the book. hard too understand once you do. Great machine. I own 3 sewing machine and this is my favorite one.
"That machine really does the job !
It's sturd, the dog feed really ""eats"" the fabric, it has many stitchs and has so many needle positions to play with.
It's not as quite as they make you believe, but it's ok.
The space under the arm is not big enough to fit a small quilt but for regular sew, it works fine.
The big downside is the alphabets: there is only one font I can really read clearly, the others are more like guessing what is written in your fabric..."
This machine is amazing. It has meet my expectations and more. I highly recommend this machine.
"I bought this machine in April 2015. I am not a seamstress, but familiar with sewing. After a few use on light fabric embroidery, timing was broken and also automatic needle threader was broken. Because the machine is computerized, it had to be readjusted by a service. I paid the machine close to $400 and repair cost $210. Also there are a lot of embroidery options in the machine but the size of the characters don't enlarged as much as I would like it to be. Largest letter size would be only smaller than one knuckle size. Large or extra large sizes don't exist. So you don't need this professional machine and all those unnecessary features, it is very fragile and not sturdy. Singer customer service was not helpful either. I took it to a local repair shop, I live in metro Boston area and there was not a singer service close by to my town. I wouldn't by this machine."
"Used maybe one hour straight stitch only.  Next try had to replace needle as thread kept breaking.  Tried to change stitch length/width on several stitches, thread bunched on bottom.  Bobbin started making odd noise.  Extra thread inside case.  Screws so tight cannot unscrew and screw driver so long cannot get grip or straight angle. Very disappointing. Some new operator error - maybe, but been sewing for a long time.  :) Just don't make them like they used to :)"
My wife loves it
Nice machine never had a singer always brothers to excited to have not able to use that much; praying that it is all I hoped it would be.
"A definite improvement over my old manual machine.  However, the automatic tension doesn't feel natural.  One of the reasons I got an electronic machine was because I could never get the tension right with my manual machine, no matter what adjustments I made.  The automatic tension is just OK.  Sometimes the stitches look like the tension should be adjusted, but I don't want to mess with it so I just leave it.  I do like the different options for stitches and can't wait to try out the alpha embroidery."
The machine worked just as planned.  I have been working on a star quilt so I've just been doing a straight stitch and it's doing great.
"Great machine for 4 months,then stopped working. Now it sits."
"Love this Singer. My father bought me a Singer for my HS graduation 50+ years ago. It still ran just fine but didn't want to abuse it by using it for quilting, so I bought this new machine. Works perfect."
"When it works it works GREAT.  The problem is reliability. On April 7, 2017 I purchased a 9960 Quantum Stylist on Amazon.com.  I have been using the machine 3-4 times a week for sewing mostly quilted table runners & tote bags.  On June 10 the bobbin began to jam. I cleaned the machine per maintenance instructions in the manual, re-threaded the machine, rewound & re-threaded the bobbin all per manual instruction & all to no avail.  The machine bobbin continues to jam & sews with the bobbin thread looking like terry cloth stitching.
I called Singer & was told it has a one year warranty & fixing it is free but that I would have to pay to ship it to another state for repair.  I asked if I would get my shipping money reimbursed & was told No.  She honestly said, I don't agree with that, but it is Singer Policy.  I will pay the shipping to have the he machine repaired.  But I have also gone to a local Sew Creative store & purchased a Bernina."
Bought as a spare machine for heavy duty vinyl and double layer sewing. I tried a few brand machines and this one is by far my favorite. The needle down feature allows quicker corner sewing. It's a nice hardy machine that sewed thru my vinyl and double layers of rubber easily. Even did velcro with ease. Really impressed so far.
"So far I love everything about this machine.  I was a little unhappy with having what I call ""not pretty"" stitches due to the tension not being quite right.  I called Singer and they gave me a simple fix.  I was very pleased with the support.  Courteous and professional.  Update:  As soon as I changed thread it's back to the same old bad tension with the top thread being too tight.  Have tried the tension adjustment and it does nothing.  Have gone over and over replacing and changing everything to no avail.  I'm not sure it even has a tension control at this point.  Will try calling Singer again.  I got this one because my old Singer was having tension problems but it was 17 years old and manual so at least I could adjust to some degree.  I can't afford a new one again.  Making me sick."
"Excellent machine!  I did a lot of research for this one.  It was close between the Brother PC420PRW and the Singer 9980 but in the end the size and location of the LCD screen and controls, and the price when I bought it, $336.48 for the 9980 instead of the PC420PRW at $383.73, won me over.  I went with the Singer 9980 instead of the Singer 9960 or 9985 because of the bang for the buck.  Now of course the price of the 9980 has increased to $474.09 and the 9985 is still at $454.37, which might mean the 9985 has more bang for the buck now.

An interesting note I found in my research;  The super high cost machine Viking Husqvarna purchased Pfaff forming the Viking group.  And Singer, which is owned by Kohlberg and Company, purchased the Viking group forming SVP Worldwide."
"This review is for the 9960 model: I've had this for a little over 2 months, and I like it as much as my expensive juki. And There are even features I like better. It's a workhorse. In the two months I have made several personal projects and have made several costumes for a school play. The fabric for that was furs and felts....this machine worked well with all. And yesterday, it sewed through 8 layers of fabric like nothing.

So far the only con is its a little shaky"
"Got this for my wife as a mother's day gift. She is ecstatic! I can't speak to the technical details of the machine, but suffice it to say that it will provide hours of productive enjoyment!"
"Beautiful machine! I have heard some bad things about singer but I love this machine. It is so quiet and sews beautifully. The different stitches are very useful and easy to use. The machine is very heavy and I can see the metal basics which makes it a good, solid sewing machine. Even a beginner would not have a problem using this. I would recommend it to anyone."
Great seeing machine for the price.
"It started out sewing great, straight lines, consistent feeding, etc., but in the last few weeks I have been unable to get the tension adjusted properly. I've tried everything suggested online with only very temporary results."
I haven't owned a sewing machine or sewed in probably twenty years or more. I thought I would never be able to learn this one but I was sewing and monograming the first week I got it. I love it!!!!!!
I doesn't work because one of its cards got damaged and couldn't repair it here in my country
I love the sewing machine but soon after I got it the cutting mechanism broke and it could not be repaired. They said I had to take it to the nearest Singer repair which is over 100 miles from where I live. Amazon is shipping me a new one. Hopefully it will work better than this one because I do love how easy the sewing machine is to use and the stitching is just great. I have used all the different stitches for multiple things. I even did a bear fundraiser where we made the outfits and sewed the names of the purchaser on the bear. They sold out right away.
"Love Love Love this machine.  It is extremely awesome.  Very quiet.  Works like a charm.  Beautiful to look at too!  Love all the fantastic stitch options and feet it comes with.  There are tons of videos on YouTube for this machine as well.  Everyone that has it, loves it.  I totally see why.
I will be able to do pretty much anything I want to do with this machine.  I knew if it was Singer, it would be super reliable and work super great.
My first project turned out really really good.  LOVE IT!  I know this model is not the newest model but you would never know it to look at it and to see just how many great features it has.  Amazing.  Did I mention I LOVE IT?????  Well I do.  CC"
"Still learning to use it, but I love it so far!  So quiet, nice smooth movement.  My friends are jealous, and a fantastic price."
very nice
"I bought the Singer 9960 about three weeks ago, and so far it is a wonderful machine.  I had an Elna that was about 20 years old and was having a few problems, so I thought it was time.  I did a lot of reading and research before buying.  I sew and quilt a lot, so I need a dependable machine.  This machine has so many features that I recommend you going on You-Tube and watch Roxanne stitches.  She has about 18 videos on the 9960 that shows everything from set-up to how to use the different feet.  It has been most helpful.  My only disappointment is that the 9960 only has a center and left needle position.  I was used to left, center and right, but I am compensating by using my 1/4 quilting foot if I want a narrower seam.  The automatic thread cutter does seem to make up for the loss of the three needle positions.  This machine is easy to use, but you need to read the manual and watch the videos, especially if you are new to sewing, otherwise you may be frustrated.  It is also the easiest I have ever used for making buttonholes.  Part of what encouraged me to purchase was the heavy metal inner workings.  I do not want plastic parts."
Computer went out just bought in February 2017
Worth every penny. So many built-in stitches and features.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.
"I really do like this machine. It was reasonably  priced. However, I purchased it in January and now the automatic thread cutter is not working.  I am a quilter and in the middle of a project it not only didn't work, but sucked the fabric into machine. I have sent 2 emails and called (only to be left on hold) Singer customer service and have had ZERO response from them. I am so disappointed in Singer. I just wanted to talk to someone to see if this is something I can fix. I don't have time to take my machine to a Singer service center for it to sit there for a month. I have other projects that need to do and finish up. I am hoping Amazon can help."
"This machine is awesome! I also have the SE 400 from Brother which I bought first because of the embroidery feature, and it is a really good machine but after trying both I prefer sewing on the Singer, it feels very professional. This is my second week with this machine and I Love It!!! Best purchase Ever! :) Review date: May 25th, 2017."
I don't care to comment right now . I have not used it enough to tell . Thank you.
I am in Heaven with my new machine !! Sewing is a breeze and the machine isn't noisy like my old one. Loving it !
I love this machine! I have used it almost every day since I got it. I haven't had any problems with it at all. The  only thing I don't like is the front tray that holds the accessories. It wants to open all the time. I used some tape on the inside to hold it shut.
"I have a bit of experience sewing but have been out of practice, I bought this machine after months of scouring the internet and comparing so many others. It came down to this and a Brother CS400. I wanted something that would be solid, with a smooth sewing experience and wouldn't shake or jump around when going fast over heavy fabrics. This machine has a lot of metal behind the plastic cover and a weighted based, but over-all it is not difficult to carry and transport. I love that it comes with so many accessories and embroidery options which allow me to flex and expand from basic sewing techniques to advanced. In the 2 weeks I've had it, I have constructed 3 garments and have attached photos for 2 of them. They are baby clothes and kufi hat, in which I used some embroidery stitches and made some densely layered seams. It produced great, clean stitches and I did not experience any issues with the tension. Underhead light is such a great feature! There is a bit of a learning curve to figure out program in the machine when customizing stitches, but it is very straight forward AND it tells you what presser foot to use when doing a special stitch.

The one thing I've noticed is, though the tension is automatic, it sometimes has issues with fine fabrics when sewing quickly, even the lightweight cotton I used required a lot of attention and stabilizing. Slowed down, it had no issue.

Overall, its a great deal with everything it comes with in the bundle. Its great and mess-free for beginners and meets the demands of advanced users. A solid long term investment with parts and accessories easily available."
Great buy
Love the machine.  So easy to use.  Love having the extra feet that came with it especially the walking foot
"I purchased this the Singer Quantum Stylist a month before Christmas 2016 for my wife and it worked perfectly for about a month. After that time, it began to jam. Repeated attempts to troubleshoot the problem through Singers customer service proved unsuccessful. As the old adage goes, you get what you pay for. I suggest paying a little more for a machine that will hold up more than a few months."
Very slow machine and miss stitching constantly
Amazing!!!! Much more than I expected 
"Just got to use this  and it is so quiet and works wonderful
Have not yet gone to use all the features yet!!!!"
"Lovely features and sturdy, makes sewing so easy!"
i love my machine
GREAT machine.  My wife has been sewing for over 55 yrs.  Purchased this machine because it does almost everything. My wife Loves it.  She leans how to do something special every time she uses it.  Sews about 3 days per week.
Don't know what else you would buy as a start up. My wife saw this and freaked out with joy. It's her 3rd machine but this does it all. Will update if things change but so far so good
Don't let the 4 1/2 star rating fool you! I bought this machine 9960 in July 2017.  It worked fine until last week (5-3-17).  The bobbin case started knotting up and locking up the needle.  I bought it because my niece had one and loved it.  Called the Singer 800# and they said since it's not the machine head or parts it isn't covered on the warranty.  I can take it 1 hour away to the nearest Singer repair service.  They will pay for the parts but not the labor.  Regretting buying this machine that I was told by another repair shop is not made by Singer anymore.  The name was bought by a foreign country.
"I am very disappointed to be so disappointed in this machine. I want to love it so bad. I did so much reasearch before ordering. But the thread cutter will not stop breaking on me. The first machine I sent back within the 30 days. Then my replacement I have sent into singer warranty twice already. I have only Ordered the first machine 6 months. The stupid thread cutter keeps breaking which is beyond frustrating. I run an etsy shop and when I asked singer customer service if this is a common problem with the machine she told me that it's my fault because sewing 20 hours a week on this machine is too much. But with that being said, if you don't plan on using the thread cutter. You would like this machine. I can't keep paying $50 in shipping to send this machine back and forth to get its thread cutter fixed in warranty. I'm giving up and researching other machines."
I love this machine. It sews like a dream.
"Great Product, No Complaints, just awe!"
"After reading more sewing machine reviews than could possibly be healthy, I ended up following the recommendation made by The Sweet Home as the Intermediate Sewing Machine pick and buying the Janome DC5100. I was upgrading from an entry level Brother CS6000i. The result? I ended up returning the DC5100 and keeping a Singer 9960 I also bought with a three year extended warranty for less than half of what the DC5100 cost me.

Personally, I wanted the sewing machine for modifications and projects. I don't sew every week, but when I do sew, it often includes thick materials like multiple layers of straps and webbing, or the type of durable fabrics you find in motorcycle gear. In other words, I needed something heavy duty. But since I'm young and like technology, I'm attracted to computerized machines with hundreds of stitches, a nice LCD interface, cool features and good aesthetics. Also, I'm a man, so a pink sewing machine kinda puts me off.

When I received the Janome DC5100, I have to admit I wasn't impressed. It just looks old and overpriced. The incandescent bulb makes it look antiquated (although it's replaceable with LED's, albeit with mixed results), the LCD screen looks like it was pulled off of a Casio calculator, and it isn't really that user friendly. It's simple to use, but it just doesn't feel like it's user friendly. In some ways I found myself missing my CS-6000i which costs about 20% of what the Janome costs. Build quality was superb of course, as the interior is pretty much all metal.

Since I wasn't that satisfied, I kept looking and a kept arriving at the Brother 9960 again and again. It had all the cooler features of the CS-6000i (plus a thread cutter, which I have to admit I like), as well as being very heavy weight (read stable), having a larger bed, an extension bed, including a plethora of presser feet and much, much more. Warranty remarks were spotty, but considering it's 4.5/5 Star reviews out of around 1800 reviews, obviously not many people were sending their machine to warranty service. I decided to order it and test it side by side.

I'll keep it short. Both the Janome DC5100 and the Brother 9960 (which also has a metal interior wherever needed, and is heavier) are capable of sewing through 7 layers of nylon webbing, and neither are sewing through any more layers than that. That's pretty much as much will fit under the presser foot. 7 layers is certainly past the limit, and way more than I expected. The stitches won't be pretty, but it will work if needed. It might get stuck, need some help or you might have to redo small portions, but the alternative is spending 1000$  on a SailRite which is much, much more utilitarian than either. And ideally I'd like to stick with only one sewing machine if possible.

So given that the Janome DC5100 isn't really any more capable than the Brother 9960, and the Brother costs less than half, I don't really see the point in spending double the money. Plus, obviously neither is an industrial machine, so if I have to push a machine to the limit knowing I might break it, I'd much rather break a 280$ machine than a 650$ machine. And the 3 year extended warranty cost me 27$, so with that at least I know warranty will be easy.

Other benefits of the 9960 is easier threading, thread cutter, better LED lights, a much nicer interface, a much nicer LCD screen, a better cover, an extended tray, a more neutral aesthetic design, a more modern design, more accessories, more online tutorials & YouTube support, and many other aspects. It's also nice that you can store it with thread inside and it still closes, which is great for quick fixes. Honestly, the only thing I can say in favor of the DC5100 is that it feels more robust in the sense that the components are all metal in the inside, but if that doesn't translate into more strength, I'm not sure what the benefit is.

So end result, I returned the DC5100, and kept the Singer 9960 knowing both are equally as strong, and saving about 300$ in the process. I can know say with confidence that the 9960 is capable of sewing heavy duty materials, or at least as competent as you'll find under 700$ in the computerized sewing machine category."
Great machine.
Very nice machine - and the price was great!
"I love, love, love this machine!  I bought it to replace a machine I purchased around 15 years ago that cost three times more than this one.  Of course this one has so many more features and it makes me want to spend more time sewing!  Highly recommend this for the price.  Two of my most favorite features are: auto sewing and auto thread cutting!  WOW!  I have to say I had my eye on a Juki for several months and when I was finally ready to order the price went up over $100.  So I started doing some research and found this one that came rated in the top five sewing machines to buy and so I was so glad I waited.  Very happy with my purchase!"
Love this machine!
"I replaced my 47 year old sewing machine with the Singer 9960. After researching sewing machines, I decided on the singer 9960; the main reason is because it has a metal frame and all the features I wanted. I love it; it is quiet, and the stitching is so precise and so many selections.  I highly recommend this model."
I love it and it is nice and quiet.
Very good quality.  I'm enjoying it.  Has fancy stitches but will do the grunt work.
Wonderful machine. Makes decorative sewing easy and makes me eager to start each new project..
"Quietest, smoothest sewing machine I've owned..."
"This is indeed my forever machine. Love, love, love it! An absolutely must have."
"So beautiful, it's perfect!"
"I really like this machine, took a little getting use to all the extra features compared to my old machine."
"Have you ever called a company and gotten the feeling that they just don't want to help you? This is how I have felt with Singer. I have called twice and emailed twice. All of my emails went unanswered. They claimed they didn't receive them. My phone call experience has been horrible. I feel like they are mad at me for making a warranty claim or something, or maybe they just don't care.

A few weeks after receiving this machine the auto threader part popped and would no longer thread the needle. I bought the machine for my mom for Christmas so it took some time for me to locate the warranty paperwork, as she had misplaced it. I had purchased an extended warranty so I wasn't in a rush and I had so many other priorities over the holidays. I suffered a few injuries in the year and then ended up in emergency surgery the next fall. I finally called in about a week prior to the 1 year warranty deadline in December where it would be easy to just go with the manufacturer warranty claim.  I really felt like the person I talked to on the phone was not very happy to help. This is a very small part, it probably is a few dollars, but they wouldn't send it until they got a serial number (I had the part number). Of course I'm very busy and the machine is at my  mom's house so I said I would email it.  I finally got photos of the serial number and emailed it in. I got no response. the next month I emailed again, no response. I finally called again today. They said they never received my other emails. I was trying to figure out what was required to get this part,  and I was told to send a proof of purchase. while on the phone I was trying to login to Amazon so I could view this but the associate on the phone was so tuned out, its as if I felt she was trying to end the call. I asked what was required if I purchased from Amazon, can I send a screen shot etc. and she didn't even respond to my question. It's like she was just waiting for me to just give up. I got frustrated and told her that I was at work and I'm trying to get this taken care of over the phone. She was right, I did give up,  I was trying to tell her that I had all the photos in my phone of the serial number and the part, but she just talked over me. You know, the kicker was when she sounded surprised that it had been a year and a half since I purchased the machine and I told her I'm very sorry I had surgery at the end of the year and was very sick, she didn't even respond.  She didn't care at all. So I spoke with TWO customer service reps, and they don't really care.  My patience has a limit, and I detached myself then and there and just said goodbye. I emailed these things back right after the call. I think next time I buy a nice sewing machine I'm going to go with another brand. The sewing machine is OK. The plastic is very lightweight and the cover is very flimsy..It looks very easy to break."
"This machine is a piece of junk.  Had to send the first one back right off the bat because it wouldn't work right.  Got a replacement and it worked for about 6 months and quit  All it will do is jerk when you push the pedal to sew. I am a quilter and was hoping I was buying a machine that would last however, all I got was a piece of junk."
What the wife was looking for at a reasonable price
"I have had my eye on this machine for around a year.  When my 15 year old Janome started to have issues, I decided it was time for an upgrade.  There are lots of things to love about this machine and one HUGE con.  But first, the good.  It has tons of features that you usually only find in a higher end machine.  I especially love the thread cutter and the needle threader.  Both work well and are easy to use.  The machine is fairly intuitive in terms of finding the stitch that you want to use.  Combining two decorative stitches is easy as well.  You do need to read the manual, haha, it's not intuitive for everything.  I like that when you select a stitch it tells you what foot to use.  It came with a good variety of feet so you don't have a huge expenditure right away if you want to quilt or so other things.  There are other feet available but this is a very, very good assortment to start out with.  The machine see quietly and the stitches are nice.  I had to play around with the alignment a bit but the manual tells you what to do and it is pretty easy.  Now, this is the reason I didn't give the machine five stars.  The description says it has 800 decorative stitches.  Let me tell you, that is a HUGE LIE.  It has about 100 decorative stitches.  They consider every variation of a stitch to be a different stitch.  NO OTHER COMPANY DOES THAT.  I looked at a Janome that had 100 stitches and it had 100 DIFFERENT stitches, with who knows how many variations.  If I had know that bit of information I would not have gotten this machine.  I love decorative stitches and use them a lot, so that was a huge selling point for me.  But once I got the machine and started using it I decided to go ahead and keep it.  If you do not care about the decorative stitches or 100 or so is enough for you, then this is a nice, full featured machine.  But if you think you are getting a ton of decorative stitches you are not."
Perfect for what we needed.  So smooth on all materials and has everything we could possible want out of a sewing machine!
"I have had this machine 1 year and 3 months. I keep having trouble with the tension.  I had it repaired three times but 2 months later it did it again. Now it is out of service.. It does not pick up the bobbin thread. I will not stick any more money into it..I am goint to another brand. Virginia Fletcher Yuma, Arizona"
Great value!!  This is an upgrade from the machine I've used for years (circa 1980 or older).  Can't believe how easy it is and the quality of the stitches!  So many options make this a really fun machine!  NO REGRETS!!!
Only used the machine a couple times for basic sewing but so far no issues. The machine was easy to set up and use. The instruction manual is well written and easy to follow. Looking forward to trying some of the fancy stitches.
"The sewing machine arrived on time with all the accessories. I haven't had the leisure to use all the features but I've been pleased with the simplicity of use and the clear explanations on the booklet. There are lots of video tutorials on youtube that help you know the sewing machine better, if necessary."
This machine works so good. Exactly what I needed.
"Don't throw away the box and packing.  You may need to return it.  If you need to send it in for warranty service, you'll need the original box.  This machine isn't reliable and if you need to just be able to sew simple straight seams, this machine won't be a good buy."
Good and quality product. As described.
I love this machine.  It came with a number of feet.  Easy to use and easy to change the feet.  There are some great youtube tutorials that I would suggest users watch.  Has many high end features but with a much lower price.
"I was really hesitant to purchase this but the price was good. I was determined to send it back if it was noisy, but it runs really quiet. I love the needle up or down position and the automatic thread cutter and the threader. It works great so that I don't have to use a magnifier to thread the machine. I also like that I can embroider names. Now I can sign and date quilts easily. Update:  The machine quit working on April 20th."
"Good machine for it being a singer. I get it repaired once a year, and its lasted me with at least 10-20 hours of sew time per week for 3 years now."
"Kept having tension issues. Couldn't get a good looking straight stitch when trying to piece together just two pieces of cotton fabric while constructing my quilt top which is probably the most basic thing you'd expect a machine to be able to do well. Unfortunately, had to return it and bought a Juki F600 instead which I absolutely love."
Love it!  Good choice. Happy with choice. This machine makes sewing fun.
"This sewing machine is awesome. It has so many stitches! I won't need another machine, this one does it all!"
Love it
"This machine is amazing except for the embroidery. It is only able to embroider a very tiny sized embroidery. Other than that, it is AMAZING. Great value for the money"
This is a great machine!!!
"This machine worked great for 31 days. Then it died. I took it to a Singer Service Center (where I was told ""we see a lot of these machines in here."") They fixed it. It worked great for 10 days. Then it died again. It is still under warranty so I guess I will drive over to the service center again. But I am shopping for another machine - not a Singer this time.

*Update - I reported the problem to Amazon and they are extending the return period. So while I am NOT happy with Singer, I am VERY happy with Amazon's customer service..."
This sewing machine has met and exceeded all my expectations.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE my sewing machine!!  Theresa L
"my sewing machine was supposed to arrive the 10th of april. but no machine. then it was supposed to arrive on the 14th of april. but no machine. it is now the 18th, and no machine. i am not very happy at this point! i thought about putting a stop on this order, and order a new machine and have it ship in the special 2 day shipment. i have had no really good thing to say at this point!"
"I love this machine! Everything I expected and more! Great product,great price"
So far I'm extremely happy with this. Love the sewing machine.  Awesome workhorse
"After extensive research, I chose to purchase a nice machine for myself, and I am very happy with the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch machine. his is the very best sewing machine that I have ever owned. I cannot express enough how wonderful this sewing machine is.
When the machine arrived, I was sewing right away. I did watch the You Tube instructions. The automatic tension works great.  I love the feet and the different stitches. I use a variety of material and all sew well with this machine."
"Since everyone in my family sews, I did a lot of research before settling on the Quantum Stylist.  I've always used a Singer, and I was very excited at the prospect of having so many additional decorative stitches on a machine that costs less than my iPad. When I ordered it last fall, I did some small projects but soon became frustrated because I couldn't do simple things -  for example, I couldn't  get the machine to do reverse stitching.  This should be accomplished by one simple button so there's no way I could screw that up.  After reading, re-reading, and highlighting the instruction manual, it became clear to me that this machine would not even do straight stitching as well as my old $99 Singer.  For example, adjusting the stitch length was a waste of time because it would only sew one length, regardless of how it was set.  It wouldn't even do machine basting without physically pulling the cloth through.  I guess I kept assuming I was doing something wrong! After four months of trying to work around the problems, I gave up.  I emailed Singer, which did no good.  I called Amazon, since the Singer warranty said to return it to the seller within one year of purchase, and Amazon accepted it back (long after the 30 day trial period) and for that I am extremely grateful.  I'm convinced I got a lemon, but I was very reluctant to start over with a new QS machine. I replaced it with a Singer Vintage One.  This one sews like a dream but is MUCH more limited in the specialty stitches and accessories. If I could try out a QS and get it to work as advertised, I'd buy it again in a heartbeat."
"This is a great machine for an amazing price. No,  it's neither the cheapest nor it's the most expensive. You have to take time to learn this machine, it is computerized. If you aren't comfortable or too impatient - go buy a simpler machine. I am computer savvy & I had to refer to the manual occasionally. When you are sewing make sure that you are using compatible needles, threads, & fabrics in relation to each other(of course, the machine needles are compatible with your sewing machine). Last tidbit, you need to be familiar with the characteristics of your fabric(know your fabrics personality, it's make-up). Anyone new to sewing: LEARN YOUR MACHINE! Don't bypass learning the basics; for ex. Do you know how a correct stitch lays or look like? Can you tighten or loosen the tension of a stitch? Do you know that some stitches are practical whereas others are decorative?"
Love it
Very user friendly! The stitches are amazing!!!! I haven't touched a sewing machine in over 20+ years and consider myself a beginner.  I made a wise choice.
"Good machine but for the price and being computerized this machine should be made much better than it currently is. For one the needle threader takes some gentle persuasion and figuring out to accomplish; it does not work on the first or second try all the time. If I engineered this product I would incorporate a ""custom"" button feature."
My machine came with accessories that don't fit the machine. Like the zipper foot doesn't fit. I called they sent a replacement but it doesn't fit either. So I'm left with a 400$ machine and I can't put a zipper in. Wouldn't recommend this machine for that reason.
"This is the first time in 30 years that I have purchased a new machine. My first one was a Kenmore (really it is a singer in a Kenmore body). I looked at purchasing different machines, but this one seemed to fit my needs. I love it! It runs like a Cadillac compared to my trusted older machine. It is smooth and quiet and I love the extended quilt table. It is everything I was looking for."
enjoyed using for first time
Seems to be an awesome machine so far. Wife has sewn 8 quilts since January.  She loves it!
love it
Read the manuals and practice. You tube videos will halo you with trouble shooting. Wife almost returned
For me this is a luxury model. I have only had the chance to make 1 dress and 1 apron and 1 pillow on it but it's been a lot of fun trying some of the many stitches it came with. I got such a great deal on this I just couldn't pass it up. I'm loving it working on another dress and using the stretch stitch for this one. I highly recommend it. My flapper dress I made with this machine.
It is everything I was hoping for and so much more.
"I purchased the Singer 9960 about two weeks ago to replace my 20 year old Kenmore to primarily piece quilts.  I had read issues of suddenly eating your fabric.  This happened about an hour into sewing.  I believe this is due to the automatic thread cutter cutting the bobbin thread so closely that the thread gets pulled back in and wound up. Just my opinion but since I quit using the automatic threader I have not had an issue and I sew hours each day.  I was a bit disappointed that there was not a true 1/4 foot included in the package.  There is what they call a patchwork foot but you have to be extremely careful to stay on a 1/4 seam.  Also, the quality of thread is critical I have discovered. When I switched over to a higher quality thread,  my seams smoothed out and looked great.  For those who stated their machine would suddenly stop with the needle not moving, I would check if the thread was catching on the spool.  I had that issue last night but a quick fine sandpaper to the spool itself smoothed out the places the thread was catching on and problem solved.  Though I like most of the built in stitches,  I just wish you could program an increase in size but at the price of the machine it is to be expected.  Still the ones I tried stitched beautifully.  Absolutely love the needle down when sewing and don't know how I went so long without this feature on my other machine.

My biggest suggestion to anyone who buys this machine is to watch the you tube tutorial from the Singer Company.  It is about 30 minutes long and takes you through the basics of the machine and very helpful.  I will give a review in 6 months with an update on the machine.

UPDATE:  Though it has not been 6 months,  I wanted to say how pleased I am with this machine.  To date,  I have quilted one wall hanging, one crib quilt, one throw quilt,  one single bed quilt and even a queen sized quilt. I am currently working on another crib quilt. The bed sized quilts were all stitch in the ditch with the walking foot.  It was a tight fit and very slow with the queen sized quilt,  but not one problem.  The darning foot for free motion quilting I am not fond of because it is a closed toe foot.  I sure wish Singer would make an open toe darning foot!!  It would be so much easier to see.  Quilters be aware of how easy it is to bump the stitch panel and completely change the stitch..  This happened to me a couple of times when feeding my quilt and accidentally bumping the panel. I went from straight stitch to zigzag.  Not fun!!

I think I have finally figured out the auto thread cutter. It is so darn nice to have when I am actually doing my quilting."
This machine is what I was looking for. So many options and assessories!
"I expected a little more from this machine, pretty slow, and doesn't handle a very big range of fabric very well."
"I adore this machine! It does everything but embroidery. The automatic thread cutter is tread and time saving. I use it everyday and travel with her for sewing therapy with my mother in law once a week. It is pretty heavy so not ideal for travel. I have a rolling tote so no big deal. It came with so many feet that I can't imagine needing to buy another one. It sews  well with light fabric and tackles thick layers too. The review on this machine made it a tough decision for me, but after having it about a month I would buy it again! I believe a lot of the negative feed back was due to user error.  She never misses a stitch and makes sewing so enjoyable instead of frusterating. There is a Facebook group that has videos on how to use it and you can see what everyone makes with it."
"Love this machine. I haven't sewn in 25 years and was a little intimidated about a machine with all these options but it is so easy to use. I am working on a Colonial costume now but excited about sewing my Easter dress this year. So far, the book seems sufficient to figure out the various stitches. I haven't tried the embroidery yet but am excited to try that as well."
"Love this machine, does lots of fun stitches."
Have lots of practicing to do with all the wonderful stitches but sooo looking forward to that. Love the ease in sewing & the beauty of the machine!
Love my singer.
Great!
"Bought this model for my wife to do more than an older mechanical Brother would allow. Heavy and stable, well-lit. Comes with a handy auto thread cutter, and handles heavy fabrics like denim seams with ease using the correct needles. Arrived in mint condition, would recommend."
"I love this sewing machine!  It is the best I have ever had!  My husband got it for me a year ago for our anniversary.  It works wonderfully, and I love the threading feature and the thread cutting feature.  Have used some of the button hole and decorative stitches, along with alphabet letters too, and it all turned out beautifully!  Every other machine I have had in the past, even more expensive machines, I have had bobbin and tension problems with.  This machine no problems at all; it sews beautifully!"
"So far so good.  Really, really like the auto threader function and the auto thread cutter...big time saver and thread saver.  I really like that it comes with so many presser feet and extension table.  I do wish it had maybe a second light to better see when sewing.  I read a lot of reviews on which machines were the best for your money.  There are a lot of machines out there that do not have as many accessories and/or features as this machine until you get into much more expensive machines.  Also comes with carry/cover."
"I had to order a second Singer 9960 sewing machine to replace the 1st one which had a problem with the spool thread breaking every 4-5 inches of sewing.  When I received the second Singer 9960 machine I plugged everything in and it wouldn't even start up.  POOR, POOR quality"
"What can I say...I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this machine!  It was truly made for quilting.  The only problem I'm having is the darning foot isn't centering under the needle. It did at first so I don't know if I bent it or what. I had another brand darning foot around so I wasn't left without one.  The machine itself it amazing and runs quietly and perfectly. I love the quilting stitch that makes the stitch look hand quilted.  I would buy this for a gift for a sewer in the future."
"I love my new sewing machine!  It is modern with some great features. I particularly like the needle threader, the auto thread cutter with the push of a single button, and the auto needle down feature. The extension table is easy to add on, and gives me lots of extra space for my project to lay flat (and hence not pull while I am sewing.) The machine came with many different specialty feet. The walking dog foot was great for my first machine quilting project. It consistently performs well with even stitches and good tension. Couldn't be happier!"
Still learning.  But so far very good.  O make quilts for people with serious illiness.  It means so much to them.
Instructions are a waste .. I decided to build a space shuttle because based on these instructions it would be easier to do that than put this sewing machine together ... This is by far the most difficult thing to put together that I have ever bought from Amazon
I love this sewing machine
"This is by far the greatest sewing machine that I have ever used. It is one of the most versatile machines on the market and I find that to be one of the most important features a sewing machine can have. I recommend this machine to sewers of all ability levels. I got this machine just starting out and it has allowed me to grow into the experienced sewer I am.

The machine is extremely easy to use as a beginner. Example: the machine will not let you sew normally without the presser foot down (when you do this it messes up your stitching to the point of having to seam rip and rethreading the bobbin). It even shows you how to fix the problem on the screen with a picture. It does the same thing if it detects that the needle became unthreaded along with several other issues. It's awesome.

The machine is also amazing for experienced sewers. It comes with so many accessories that maybe you won't use all of them but trust me it's great to have if the project ever calls for the use of one. The ability to take off the arm is really clutch when sewing small circumferences like sleeves and it's equally as awesome to replace it with the extended arm for projects like quilting. It also is a powerful machine that can handle sewing thicker fabrics.

Trust me, when buying a machine you want to get one that will grow with you. It is an investment that you will thank yourself for constantly. I've had mine for about 4 years now and she still runs like she is brand new (and I've sewn on her A LOT)

just buy it."
The reviews were way off on this machine!  I bought it for my sister and could not be happier.  A lot of machine for your money.  Very quiet and works like a charm.  Easy to use and very capable machine.  I was very pleased with purchase....
"wonderful.quiet, great machine to sew with"
"I may need to revise this review in a few months after I've had a chance to use the machine more.  I have to say I have been sewing for over 40 years and was happy with my mechanical machines.  However, I always wanted one with lots of bells and whistles and this fit the bill.  I read several reviews and tracked this machine on amazon for a few months to see what others had to say.  I love the machine but I've had it less than a month and I am still a little intimidated by all it can do.  It is a very good value and I am a Singer fan so I am excited about finishing my first quilt with decorative stitches and free motion patterns."
I absolutely love this sewing machine! I am a beginner and this machine has made it easy for me to learn on. The directions are easy to understand and the machine will pretty much tell you if something is wrong. Highly recommended especially to all the beginners.
"I want to love this machine. I really do, but....the first one I got didn't cut the thread. No biggie, I am particular about my thread and like to cut it myself anyway. But then it kept sewing after I took my foot off of the peddle. Like creepy, all by itself slow motion sewing. I jiggled the peddle and hit the ""stop"" button and it finally stopped only because it gave me an error message (stoping all function of the machine). Not wanting to be stuck with a lemon, but still having hope in the machine itself (and all of the awesome feet that come with it!) I traded out before the 30 days were up with Amazon (awesome Amazon!). The new machine cuts my thread (again, probably won't use too much) but it is eating my stretch fabric. I am using a walking foot with a jersey knit and it just isn't working...going to try again tomorrow when I am less frustrated."
"I bought the Singer 9960 August, 2015. It was purchased so I could work with knit fabrics. For most of 2016 it was not used until the last three months of 2016, up until today. I was recovering from a surgery for most of 2016, so it sat covered and lonely. When I started sewing  again it was super.  Then a week ago it stopped sewing properly. It would sew 12 stitches( I counted them to be sure) then stop and the sign to re-thread would come on. After many, many times of re-threading I decided to just sit and watch to see what would happen; the sign would go off the screen, the red stop sign went off and the green sign would come on to start sewing again. Then the frustration...it would sew 12 stitches and quit. This is a rough way to sew a garment.
Bottom line, there are no licensed dealer/repair shops within 100 miles of my home. So the hunt is still on for a repair shop.
Not too happy with Singer, although I did contact a Singer Rep who tried her best to help. In the end it is a sensor and has to be sent through a dealer to honor the warranty. The sewing machine is not that expensive, but after a life time of sewing on Singers, from the 1960's, I have decided enough is enough. Maybe a Brother or Babylock would be a better machine and worth the money not to go through this again."
I was very happy with my order.
"Love, Love this machine.  It does so much."
Love everything
"Love this machine, better than a more expensive machine I have. he ONLY thing I don't like, wks how int winds a bobbi on. It winds it, but it takes some effort, but the sewing is perfect"
This is the best sewing machine for the money.  It does everything and I love the way it sews. It has too many cool features to list. For those who don't think Singer still has it-- because of this machine and my #7258...I am not interested in even looking at the more expensive other brands. (ps. there is a whole series of how-to videos on this machine on YouTube.)
Thief.
I was so excited to finally start sewing this weekend and when I opened the box I discovered a broken parts. Returning for replacement  - Going it another try but left a bad first impression :(
I've been sewing for 40 years.  Never tried machine quilting till now.  This machine is perfect.  I love it.
"Purchased in November 2016. Loved the attachments and tried most of them.  The features of this machine was just what I was looking for.  Then, I noticed that the thread would skip occasionally, so I would rethread and it would be fine.  I tried sewing a couple of days ago and the bobbin thread would jam.  Cleaned everything out, changed needle, thread, bobbin, but I couldn't get it to work.  I'm returning it to Amazon and will try one more time with a new machine

Update-. Received my new machine and it lasted one day!  It seemed fine to begin with.  I'm making a quilt and using the walking foot which is awesome.  All of a sudden the bobbin starts jamming.  Cleaned everything out, but I can't get it to work.  How frustrating!  Trying one more exchange and that's it for Singer.  Hopefully 3rd times the charm."
I absolutely love this machine.  I have used Singer most of my life but never anything digital.  I am loving every minute of this machine.  easy to use and easy to understand.  I truly love the self threading and the start stop button so I don't have to use the pedal if I choose not too.  most of the time I am using the start/stop button.  I can not say enough good things about this as well as the price was totally GREAT!!
"This is a great machine! It will handle everything from light to heavy weight fabric! The price is amazing for the quality of machine and Amazon is a online retailer so the warranty is intact. When I bought this machine I looked at all the major brands, lots of research. I had planned on spending much more for all of the amenities of this machine, but after the research I realized that with the popular brand machines you are paying for their name with Singer you are paying for a quality machine. I would buy this machine again without giving it a second thought!

So here is the BUT: If you don't have the patience to read the entire manual then use it for a reference and watch numerous YouTube videos buy a simpler machine! I would say all the negative reviews I read are from people who refused to do this and just jumped right it. This is a computerized machine and it does need some getting use to, so read the manual at least.

Another thought: Those who do have legitimate problems, call Singer before returning the machine. When I was researching sewing machines, I called Singer and found them to be very helpful and friendly. Also remember no matter what you buy and no matter how much money you spend at some point you will run into a problem, things happen, there is no such thing as 100% perfection. But when you have several hundred reviews and 4.5 stars your chances of getting a good machine are good."
"I am fairly new to sewing so I agonized over what brand for two summers. I hemmed a pair of pants and I used  decorative embellishments found on the pattern charts tonight. Well it does move fast! I had to rethread the top with regular Metter thread spool up and spool down 2x. Got caught in thread track 2x. Of course I shut machine off and I lost my pattern stitch and I forgot it goes back to basting. It skipped a bunch, but my material was light denim, I held with two fingers, dunno if I stretched it, but fast or slow, it looks crappy. It still skipped and the floral line broke for like 3 flowers. I was glad it was turtle slow for the patching I had to do. I was using the heavy duty needle and the correct foot. Press on-a nice feature.  Machine won't sew with the wrong foot so I don't know what I did wrong to have it skip, but it shouldn't skip like that. I wasn't pulling through the the guide because dogs feed evenly and I let it do what it was doing. So all I did was keep cuff riding on the guideline so that it didn't shift.  The straight stitch on this machine is great. But I didn't buy this for simple seaming alone. I think I will try a different model. I still needed my Ott craft light the 2 leds not bright enough.

 Accessories compartment was opened once, I think it's broken I couldn't touch the front, not to thread needle, rest my hand etc. (Yes, the cracked piece :( was found near the packing surround.) I hadn't found the piece in the compartment)."
"This computerized sewing machine has each of the attributes I had on my list and does each well. The off/on button, the reverse button that gives you one stitch to anchor the fabric seam before going forward, the automatic needle threader so helpful for aging eyes, the needle up/down button which is also used for slowing your speed near corners, and my favorite when sewing on large quilts-- the scissor button that cuts both upper and lower threads!!  The latter is such a time-saver and I can continue sewing without pulling the threads out long enough to go under the pressed foot-- it's all automatic.  I haven't even tried the foot pedal yet.

When I recently decided to start quilting, my workhorse 50 year old Kenmore sewing machine just wasn't up to the job.  After much research, I decided to go automatic and I'm so glad I did.  The Singer 9960 is amazing and lives up to the accolades by other quilters."
"So many options haven't explored yet.  So far, way cool!"
Love this machine.
"Broke the 1st month, thought it was under warranty but the main circuit board was cracked, cost 100.00 + to fix, now broke again thought it was  foot peddle ordered another 40.00 still doesn't work, in the garbage today."
Very nice machine.  I love it
Great!
"Excellent machine, my wife struggled getting her old one threaded properly, she had this one threaded within 20 seconds and was testing it shortly after.  Great machine!"
It was the best value and purchase I made. This machine has met all my expectations. Amazon made my purchase possible with the best price and their delivery system was excellent.
I got this great sewing machine in December of 2016. I've been using this machine for about a month and I love it! This is a good step up from a basic sewing machine and has a lot of great features. The extra accessories included makes this a great value. I've had no issues with the bobbin or thread cutter that some folks mentioned. I did take the time to read the manual which I think helped. I would highly recommend this sewing machine!
"Great Machine! Works as it should, lots of features!"
I am very  surprised  that this machine is  such a hard worker and well built .  I do alot of sewing  and am very pleased with the value of a good machine
Great machine at a great price.
"I wanted a good quality sewing machine and this has fit the bill.  I have used it to mend, make crafts and sew new clothes and have been happy with my purchase.  I have had the cheapie machanical models which worked fine for me but I wanted to upgrade and I am very happy with thiis one."
still working
Purchased for wife.  She loves it so far.
Excellent machine
"Within two weeks loose screws fell out.  Singer replied that we would have to pay shipping and labor to fix this machine that was obviously flawed to begin with.  It is a shame that this once good company has sunk to such a low point.

Seek a reliable company as this is no longer a good choice."
"I have purchased this TWICE in the last three years. The first time it died after a little less than 2 years. I contacted singer, they said electronics are covered for 5years, but I'd still have to pay labor and find a way out to the ONE service center available in my state or ship it at my expense of course.
So I figured it must have been my children and user error and while it is a relatively expensive machine, it's not THAT expensive that I want to pay a couple hundred to get it fixed. So I bought a new one. And now less than a year later, I'm having the same ""calibration"" issue where I turn it on, it lights up, all the on screen buttons work, but it doesn't run. Again, it doesn't make the ""calibration"" noise when I first turn it on and when I hit the start button, it just beeps at me and does nothing. Ridiculous. I wish I had gone with a different brand. I will not be purchasing another glorified paperweight with stupid electronic computers inside that cannot be fixed easily w/o paying another hunk of money to a service center every few years to ensure it continues to run."
"My daughter and I wanted to learn to sew and we chose this machine.  What a mistake!  The automatic threader never worked.  Other than that, it worked fine for a year and a half.  Then, it just stopped.  It was past the warranty and the repair shop said that I could buy a brand new machine for what it would cost to fix.  So, now we can't sew until we get the money to get a better machine.  It won't be a Singer."
"I bought this without knowing how to sew at all. It is amazing. Worth every penny. While I am still learning...I have made a dog coat and an adult clown costume that have been very well received. If you are a beginner, getting a machine that allows you to set the speed and not need the skill to control speed with your foot is the way to go."
when I received the machine there was a hand written return from paper inside the box stating their was something wrong with the bobbin and feed. I thought I was purchasing a new machine.
great machine for my purposes. I am a quilter.
"LOve this machine...not using it as often as I desire to but will be able to provide an updated review once my usage increase a little more, before summer"
"Good product, but singer could have updated the electric power compatibility of this machine to support both 220v/120v  , actually this machine only support 120v. Today almost all electric home devices come with 220v/120v automatic switching."
"This is the best sewing machine si get currently makes.
Major plus: automatic thread cutter button and auto threader. This is the easiestto thread machine I have ever owned. I also have the new Spiegel sewing machine andi wish I had  sent it back and purchased another Singer 9960. An awesome sewing machine for sewing everything from silk to heavy Denim! Love it!"
missing parts  NO electrical cord or foot pedal. Contact me at 817-360-9977 Thank you Jane Haas
"After two years of purchasing this machine, I had to send it to be repaired.  I registered the machine for the warranty on Singer's web sight and when I tried to retrieve my account and warranty information, like magic, it wasn't there.  Contacted Singer customer's service which a complete was of time since they had ""no"" record of registration.  I contacted Amazon Customer Service for the order information and they where awesome at providing everything I needed, unfortunately, I wasted their time and mine since Singer's Customer service still refused to acknowledge purchase date and warranty of the this machine.  The problem I had with this machine, what that the top thread would no longer catch the bobbin thread.  After paying for repairs to the machine (Singer's repair center) which took over a month.  The repair center also stated that they had readjusted all the tension and few other things that apparently I didn't know was wrong.  I done routine maintenance on the machine as instructed in the manual, and as I do two other machines.  The Singer brand no longer lives up it's name."
"Just got a brand new 9960 SINGER Stylist for Christmas. I am a costumer for theater and film so when my sewing machine broke down I needed a new one, I did tons of research and found out that this was the best for what kind of sewing I do. My uncle offered to get it for me for Christmas. I opened the package and none of the offered accessory parts were included. There was no manual and the machine refused to work when I tried to sew. The machine would not acknowledge that the foot start was hooked in. The machine was damaged, it is missing parts and on top of this my uncle payed roughly $340 for it which included insurance for the machine. I am deeply disappointed in the SINGER company."
This is a great machine! I love using it on a variety of projects and so far it has plowed through it all like a champ. I think it's a great in between machine for those who are not quite beginners but not ready to drop a grand on a fancy machine. My only complaint would be that at higher speeds the machine vibrates pretty hard shaking the table and can get on the noisy side. I would definitely recommend regardless!
"I bought this machine in 2012.  I then became ill, so I never got the machine out.  I finally feel better, looking forward to doing some projects. I read the booklet and started on making pillows for my daughter. I got one pillow made, three seems, and the machine quit working.  All it did was beep at me.  I took it to a sewing machine repair store and was told it needed a new board.  Over $300 dollars. I have looked back at reviews and have seen others have received a faulty machine at this time. Is there anything that can be done??"
Do not buy type 15 J bobbins. This machine uses type 15 bobbins. NOT 15 J.
True Singer quality!
Bought this for the wife and she absolutely loves everything about it
"I love love this sewing machine. I had an inexpensive one for a few years and upgraded to this one but I have to tell you, even for a beginner this is good. YouTube a few videos and you are good to go. Promise!"
"After using a Kenmore machine for over forty years, I was ready for something new that did more than seven stitches and didn't take fifteen minutes to set up for buttonholes. Couldn't be happier with this Singer. I began sewing within five minutes of removing it from the box. Simple instructions make it easy to move through all sorts of stitches. The only downside is that the ""embroidery"" stitching with letters is not anywhere near what an embroidery machine will do....the stitching would be fine for name tags for clothing. If you're looking for a machine that does embroidery type stitching, please look into a machine that does only that. If you're looking for a great machine for nice top stitching, decorative stitches, easy-peasy buttonholes, and good seam finishing, this is your machine."
"Gave to wife as a gift and her response was "" Why'd you wait so long "", she is overly pleased but now it's costing me a mint in thread and material."
Nice sewing machine.
"It is awesome! Takes a little bit too get to know as the features, but I love it! My old machine was a 1972 model... I thank my husband everyday for buying  this for me and he's grateful not having to listen to my cuss words while sewing!"
"I purchased my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist through the Singer Store Co. Had problems with it from day 1. Made a loud grinding noise, broke a needle, the scissors kept making the bobbin pull up and tangling the thread. The lighting is poor. You had to thread it over because if it wasn't perfect it would not work. The inside all around the bobbin was rattling all the time and finally I gave up on it. I feel it would not be a long lasting machine and am in the process of returning it for a refund..."
"3/28/18 Update: Well I have owned this machine for over a year now. The tension was always an issue with this machine from day one, but I learned to live with it and adjust it to my liking.  However, about 3 months ago it started making a rubbing sound and the speed started slowing down. The warranty is over (of course) so I took it to my local repair person. He got her running again (better than when she was new).  But that only lasted 2 weeks. She is now dragging and rubbing again and I have had it. I will not be purchasing another new Singer machine. I will stick to my vintage Singers...back when they knew how to make machines!  If you have this machine, or want to get it, it is a wonderful machine, but I am just sharing my story about my experiences.

1/9/17 update: received second machine from new vendor last week. needle is not stuck, but tension is very tight on cotton fabrics.  No matter what I do...change needle, change thread, loosen tension, re-thread...tension of stitches is too tight. It is as if the material is not moving through the feed dogs fast enough. Just reached out to seller for their feedback. Will try to call Singer this afternoon.  May be returning second machine! Ughh!  Update to come...

Was so excited about the delivery of his machine. I have been watching online videos about the machine for weeks. So imagine my disappointment when it was delivered and the needle would not move. The hand wheel will only move an inch or so in each direction then it sounds like it is hitting something. Singer is not open on weekends and Amazon had. I more in stock. They refunded to my gift card account I repurchased through a third party. Hope it get it soon. Cross your fingers that this one works and I can increase my rating. Update to come..."
"I purchased this 2 years ago as a backup machine. I have a Pfaff, Babylock, and Janome and they were all getting older and each had their own little issues starting to crop up. So I'm used to using high quality machines and wasn't expecting a whole lot out of this relatively inexpensive one. It has decent stitch quality, though it doesn't perform overly well on sheer fabrics. I make figure skating dresses and use lot of stretch mesh, lycra, and chiffon fabrics. It tends to skip stitches when I'm using the zig zag to attach elastic. Using the rolled hem foot on chiffon is very tricky, it likes to come out of the presser foot if you aren't holding it just so with both hands in just the right position and really babying it along. It performs well on lycra and I really like the stretch stitch.

Something that might have been a deal-breaker for me if I were still doing a lot of quilting and appliqu is that the zig zag stitch width only goes from 2.0 to 6.0. When I'm doing appliqu I frequently need to taper down a satin stitch to a point and I can't do it with this machine, my other machines go down to 0.5 or at least 1.0. I can't imagine it would be a difficult update for Singer to modify this feature.

I do like how much thread the bobbins hold, I feel like I can sew forever without the bobbin running out. I don't use the thread cutting mechanism too much, because every time I use it I have to remember to reach up and pull the needle thread out a couple inches or the needle will come unthreaded the next time I start sewing. I can't tell you how many times I've had to rethread the dang needle because I keep forgetting to do this. It is handy when doing appliqu, however, because it pulls the top thread through to the bottom.

I am using this machine frequently now and will likely have more to add. I used it regularly for the first year I had it and then one day something happened and the bobbin case suddenly wouldn't move, you couldn't turn the wheel or anything and I tried everything to get it to work. I stuck it in the closet knowing that the cost to have it fixed would likely be more than the original cost, and planned to sell the accessories when I got around to it. Then one by one my other machines bit the dust and I took it out just out of desperation to see if there was something I overlooked - and low and behold it magically worked again without me doing anything to it. I've been using it for several weeks again with no issues, so we'll see what happens."
I was very scared to try using the machine because I was afraid it will be difficult and I would break it but I have to say after I got the courage to try it I used the YouTube video and did it step by step with the lady in the video and it was really cool. Only think so far that I can see that's distracting is I did not get all the sowing foot I was suppose to get and I got others I have no idea what they are for. I'm confused about that.
My wife loves it.  So many more features than her old machine.
"Got this for my wife. She was a happy lady. Great machine, good price, on time delivery."
"I would like to say Awesome sewing machine! I purchased this machine October 2014. I have had it for over 2 years, not one single issue. I have sewn many quilts, baby blankets, bibs, cloths, curtains... what I love about this machine, the easy bobbin loading!! This is the 6 th machine I have owned over the years. I even purchased one for my sister. There are so many different stitches to chose from. Easy very easy to sew with."
"This was a Christmas gift that was a dud! The bobbin would NOT work, therefore the machine will NOT sew. Seems Singer still has not fully resolved this common bobbin jamming issue..."
"Wife is still learning to use all the features, but very happy with it."
I have not had a new sewing machine for 30 years and this machine exceeds my expectations simple to use Easy instructions very versatile
"I purchased this machine and it was wonderful, I was in love.  However, after using it for one project and maybe for 7 days it broke.  I did take I to a local machinist and the thread cutter was defective causing the bobbin to not wind appropriately.  I immediately contacted Amazon and they took care of everything and made it 100% right.  Their customer service and response was within a few hours and very helpful  Machine was great but was worried about the defect being machine specific."
I love my new sewing machine. Saw the same one for much more. Great deal on Amazon
"I thought about purchasing this machine for a year and I'm glad I did. It's such a delight to sew with. I'm an intermediate sewer, so this is a step up for me. I find the instruction book functional. For more instructions, I use YouTube. I am using the different features a little at a time. Love the automatic thread cutter!  I love the touch screen. So far I love everything about it, except the instruction book."
Love it works really well
Rating this machine a 3 only because I have used it 2 times since receiving it. I use it one day and work fine. Used it the next day and foot controller quit working. Hoping I didn't make a mistake buying this machine. Really hope it is only the pedal and not the connection component.
"have only tried it a few times, seems to be everything advertised.  Like the variety of stitches and once I become familiar with operational differences to other brand machines, I'll update this review.  One negative - description said multiple needle positions.  They must have refered to stitch patterns.  This machine DOES NOT let you change needle positions by increments.  It id either in the center or  all the way to the edge.  Not good if you are wanting to sew just short of 1/4"".

It is a good value for the money"
Fast shipping love the machine
"I have sewn since I was 12. I learned on a Singer that had similar features to this one (lots of decorative stitches, built-in buttonholes); my dad paid $1200 for it 30 years ago for my mom. We finally wore it out after all those years. This is impressive. It won't start if you put on the wrong foot, I can sew without the foot pedal, lots of expensive features at a very reasonable price. I'm really happy so far."
"Waited a long time before posting a review to be sure it was all I thought it would be.  I am thrilled with the performance of this sewing machine!  I have made many tshirt quilts, shower gifts, baby blankets, applique projects and lots of other things without any problems!  The only negative to this machine is that the automatic needle threader is very particular.  If you don't have the needle all the way up and hold the end of the thread just right, it will not thread the needle. Other than that it's fabulous!  Would recommend this machine to anyone for any type of project.  The large extension table is huge bonus!"
"Excellent, keeps my wife busy for hours."
It's just awesome. I bought it after my 1950 something finally died. This practically sews everything for me.
Best gift ever! This machine does it all. YouTube tutorials available for initial setup.
I have only been sewing with a machine for about two years. I must say this is the easiest machine I have used. The quality and design makes this machine worth every penny I paid for it.
it meet the complete joy of my sister
"so far, it is great, just what I was looking for in a sewing machine plus a little extra....."
WAAAAY better than the simple singer I had previously.  I had to youtube how to use it as the instructions are hard to understand.  Otherwise this thing does everything and more for half the price!!
"Terrible experience trying to get this sewing machine to work. I bought this as an open box item described to be in excellent working condition with all original parts and that is definitely not the case! When I opened it there was black thread jammed inside the bobbin area as attached in my picture. I cleaned it out thinking it may have just been user error from the last customer that purchased it. Not the case apparently. As another reviewer wrote, the bobbin continues to jam and I have done everything the book says to do and it still continues to jam. I've never been able to get it to work one time. Very frustrated! I called Amazon who told me they can't exchange it because it was sold by another seller (amazon warehouse which is them!) and that I just have to return it. I'm still on hold for a manager to get them to make this right and I've been on hold for 20 minutes and counting...hopefully they make this right!"
Have had mine for almost 3 years and love it!  Offers so many stitches and so easy to use!  Would suggest it to any level of seamstress!
"I have a lot of experience with both Singer sewing machines and Singer customer service.  I purchased a quantum stylist 9960 in August 2014.  It was terrible!  It has so many problems right out of the box.  At the time I had limited experience in sewing, and was just beginning to learn how to free motion quilt.  I (wrongly) assumed it was me being a newbie that caused the problems.  I broke 28 needles on my first quilt.  Turned out that there was a tiny factory flaw catch under the #1 step in the threading process.  It would not allow the thread to go through well enough and added extra unnecessary tension problems.  Then about two months later the fancy stitches quit working.  They were sooo messed up in both the top and bottom fabric.  However once I found the catch in the threading process and was careful with threading it, I did  very well in sewing and quilting.

But as time went on it still had issue after issues.  And I had just as many issues with singer customer service.  To begin with, my extended tabletop for quilting broke. I emailed Singer.  They promised to send a new one.  A month later I contacted them again to ask when it would arrive.  Apparently it was on backorder, but I was never told.  Another 6 weeks later I received a part.  Unfortunately it was the wrong part.  I emailed them again.  Once again they sent the wrong part!  Once again I emailed them, this time with a picture of the part I needed.  Finally!  However, by the time I got the part I needed, my 9960 was having so many other issues that I just gave up.

I do understand that sometimes people just receive lemons of a product through no one's fault.  I assumed that was the case of my 9960.  I was so tired of struggling with it, so after 17 months I just gave up and upgraded to a 9980 quantum stylist.

In January of 2016 I purchased the 9980 from Amazon.  It was wonderful!  It sewed, allowed me to FMQ  beautifully, and every fancy stitch worked perfectly.  I had a few minor issues, but I figured out how to fix them myself without sending it to a service center.  Then in December 2016 the automatic thread cutter stopped working!  Anyone who quilts knows how vital it is to have a automatic thread cutter.

I contacted customer service at Singer and was told my options.  I could drop it off at one of their authorized service centers (8 hours away, one way, for me) or I could pay a hefty price to have it shipped there.  Once there they would determine if it was factory error or if it broke through fault of my own.  If they chose to fix it, it would still take 2 to 3 months for me to get it back.  How very frustrating!  I have projects in the works that cannot wait 3 months!

So I contacted Amazon customer service to see if there was anything at all they could possibly do.  All I can say is I LOVE AMAZON AND THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE TEAM, ESPECIALLY A LADY NAMED JADE!  Despite the fact that I had my sewing machine for 11 months, they refunded 100% of my original payment.  I immediately received the $350 in an Amazon gift certificate (my choice) which I turned around and purchased a new 9980 with in minutes.  And lucky for me, it was actually  $11 cheaper than what my refund was.  I LOVE AMAZON!  Singer customer service should take notice.  Please, if you choose to buy a sewing machine, buy it on Amazon.

As far as a review for either the 9960 or 9980 I would say 4 stars.  I absolutely love the features, and for the price, you just can't beat it.  No, I'm sure it isn't as good as a Bernina, but it is a budget machine, not luxury.  If not for the issues I've had with mine, I would give it a full 5 star review.  I am giving Singer a 3rd try with my new 9980 I just purchased.  If by chance this one does not work out I will give up.  But I am trying to be hopeful.  In a few months time I will try to remember to update this review and let everyone know how it works out.

As far as a review for Amazon I would give them all the stars in the world!  Thank you, Amazon, for listening to my problems and going above and beyond to help me out!  I am definitely a life long customer now."
very pleased with machine
Absolutely wonderful machine. Could say....I LOVE IT!
Very unhappy with this sewing machine.  I have had multiple brother and singer products; they have all worked well.  This one's threading system is clunky at best and the way the threat is stored and threaded is very bulky at best.
"This machine was outstanding for about 6 months. Loved it and felt like I had found the hidden gem of amazing machines. And then I changed my mind.  After 2 trips to the repair shop- it still wasn't working. The computer never had an issue- it was the physical bobbin casing.  The bobbin got stuck, would pucker, pulled at the item being sewn and would leave ""blobls"" of thread throughout the garmets.  I'm disappointed because I loved it so much at first but am now looking for a new machine because a 3rd trip to repair the same issue within a year seems wasteful."
Love this machine
"Best machine I have ever used!
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004RDH7Y8/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_8"
Enjoy sewing on this machine.  It's sturdy but not too heavy.  It has a lot of great feature.
If I could give this machine 0 stars I would!!! Don't waste your money didn't even last a year!!!! I've gotten no where with singer their customer service is awful!!! so I have a $370.00 piece of JUNK!!!
awesome
I like the sewing machine. I am unhappy that half of the feet that came with the machine aren't actually for the machine - and I've only just noticed when I tried to do some other projects (other than quilting).
I so want to love this machine. But I've already returned one due to the automatic scissors not working and the same thing has happened to my second one. I will keep it as a back up but I purchased a Husqvarna today and it will be my main machine.
"I'm still on my honeymoon with this machine after over a year. The foot guide is amazing, it teaches you what foot is right for the job based on what you're doing, and how to use it. I feel like I can sew anything. I do seem to get more requests to hem awful synthetic bridesmaid dresses now, though."
Better than advertise -- Excellent product
Exactly what I wanted. User friendly and good quality.
Loved this machine until last week. Seized up and will not run. Repairman said it is the computer and too expensive-not worth repairing. Have a vintage Kenmore that still runs! What has happened to quality of products today?
I have had this machine for 8 days. There doesn't seem to be a decent tension on it. The underneath thread jams up and the needle that came with it had a bur on it that cut the thread. The needle threader fell off. The instruction book is hard to read. I have had to go to utube  video's to make some sense of it. How long have I got to return it?. I was even charged shipping and handling when the website said it was free shipping.
"Has been working great the last few months with no issues.  Mostly using it to sew on scouting patches, and it has done a great job.  Have really not used a lot of the advanced features yet, but now that I have to tools, it will likely lead me into more complex sewing projects.  I also like having the hard case to keep it from collection dust when not in use, and to protect it from stray objects..."
Got this yesterday. Turned on the power supply. And the machine lit for a couple of seconds before it shutoff. Slight noise like that of the internal circuit being short circuited was heard. Now I'm stuck with a dead machine as warranty does not cover the circuit damages due to connecting in 220V power supply. Will Amazon refund me fully with shipping costs included? If not then this has been my worst experience. It was a gift for my mother.
"I am upset. the small piece of  like hook on the machine used for the self  threader is no longer there. I sewed some yesterday and it was in place now this morning its gone, what has happened? I need your help badly. my phone is 1-447-4864 and email is larrington@embarqmail.com. please help me. this is too much money to spend and something takes a lost. again thank you, Lena Arrington,"
"Love this sewing machine!!! I searched for a long time and read many, many reviews before deciding to purchase this machine as an upgrade to my old sewing machine. I've owned this machine for a few months now. I love the extension table attachment, and the many feet attachments it came with. It's very easy to use. The screen is very helpful and shows suggestions for which foot to use for sewing different stitches. It sews very smoothly and I've had no issues so far. Great upgrade from my basic sewing machine!"
"Had to send the first one back because even with help the birds were getting more out of it than I was. Now the automatic scissors are not used because the tension will pull the thread out of the needle. Yes, I have called Singer assistance. No they couldn't get it to work either. Without the automatic scissors in play the machine is wonderful. My grandkids are getting new quilts for Christmas. Singer needs to work on the scissors but otherwise a great machine."
"Great Product, but there is a small part inside where the machinery is and the thread gets stuck at times and this is a manufacture issue. I'm always having issues with sewing because of this. Hopefully I can get this fixed ..."
"I've only had it for 3 weeks so I haven't tried out everything yet. I initially had trouble with the thread cutter but I rewound the bobbin and that fixed the problem. I'm working on 2 quilts now and it sews beautifully with no trouble on different thickness. This has replaced the Brother machine I bought earlier because it heated up after sewing for a few hours. It would sew again after it ""cooled down"" but I didn't appreciate sewing on ""Brother"" time.
I haven't tried all the special decorative stitches but I'll get there! It's heavier than all get out but it doesn't bounce around the table like the Brother did either. All-in-all, I'm very happy with this machine."
"the noise, that would be a big concern~~!!.especially you living in an apartment. you'll definitely bother others. I tested noise while its working , at highest speed( push speed bar all the way to the right ), and stitch two layers medium weight wool blend fabric(just like sewing usual seam allowance), the noise was 76 db at highest point. I tested second time it was around 68db, if you control the speed in medium or high speed.  the lowest speed ( basically like turtle walking speed) the noise was 56db or less, pretty much close to the normal noise level in apartment.  There is a noise restriction tells you the general noise level that different place should control, and noise in apartment should be around 50db.
this is my first time using home sewing machine, so I don't have other options to make comparison. but if this is general level of noise that any brand of sewing machine will make, you should definably consider this problem if you wanna use it at home.
personally, I think the maker should consider this problem, make it quieter!"
Absolutely love this machine!  Runs like a champ!!
I m a foot for satin break
excelent product
"If you don't sew very often and the things that you do sew aren't particularly thick, this machine will be more than enough for you.  I've had it just less than a year (11 months) and it has now broken twice.  The first time it broke, I took it to a licensed dealer in my town. I assumed if it was under warranty, they wouldn't ask me to pay.  I told them it was less than a year old and they billed me $99 to fix the timing.  One month later, the timing broke again.  My husband was able to fix it, but now it's skipping stitches and won't sew through the same thickness of fabric that it had previously.  Singer corporate is not particularly helpful - they will not refund me the money I was incorrectly charged by on their licensed dealers, they told me they don't trust the work completed by that licensed dealer, and that instead I need to drive an hour and a half away to a different dealer that in their eyes is better.  I don't understand why they would allow someone to repair machines under their name but not guarantee the work that they do.  Before the first issue with the timing, this machine was working pretty well for me.  Since the repair, the tension has been off but you can manually adjust it and that fixed it. Now it won't do the sewing that I need it to do, so I am looking at different brands to find a more heavy duty machine.

There are a few other quirks about this machine that I don't like.  The needle plate isn't flush with the rest of the machine - it sticks up.  I use Wonder Clips rather than pins to hold my fabric and the Wonder Clips get caught on the needle plate.  When you remove the extension table and try to sew with a free arm, there's still a piece of the machine on the very bottom, so the room in the free arm is restricted if you're sewing something circular - I struggle to sew wristlet straps on this machine, especially if using Wonder Clips, as they get caught on the bottom piece of the machiine and you can't move the fabric around the arm smoothly as you're sewing."
It's easy to use.
I love my machine so happy I chose the Singer Quatum 9960
I love it!
very happy.  i am new to sewing but i think this machine has everything i could possible want.  very quiet.  a little heavy so makes transporting it a bit of  challenge.  very happy.
"I am very pleased with this singer., It does what I expected it to do
Was also delivered when it was scheduled to be."
I have not sewed in over 20 years. I was able to operate this machine out of the box. Easy to use and a great machine.
While I love all the amazing stiches this machine has I am having a difficult time getting the tension right so I'm  very disappointed that I am having such a problem from the first time I started the machine. Seriously thinking about returning it!
It's amazing
Christmas Gift
"I loved this machine, had it for about a year, then it decided not to work, checked everything, contacted Singer, which they were useless, they don't make their machines like they did years ago, took this to a service center, found out the mother board what shot, not even a year old, I could either spend 2 to $300 getting it repaired or trade it in, so I just traded mine in for a Babylock, hurt like hell, but I would be paying about half of what I paid on this to get it repaired
So make sure you think twice before buying"
I am very happy with my new machine!
Everything I hoped it would be.
Love this for my quilting. It is so much easier for my quilting. Love you singer!
A++++++
"Just received my new Quantum 9960 and it works great out of the box!  Can't wait to start sewing again.  Once upon a time ago I was an avid seamstress sewing clothes for the whole family and curtains, etc.  But it has been years (about 30) since I have seriously sewed.  My granddaughter restarted me.  At first I thought I was missing the accessories package.  So I called Singer.  Wow!  What service!  I had saved the boxes and looked EVERYWHERE - but I missed the lower box in the machine.  It was full of accessories.  Yesterday was basic stitches; today it will be button holes!  Can't wait to get started.  This machine is great!"
"I purchased this in November 2014. I had problems right away, so Amazon sent me a replacement. I used it for a short time and put it away until recently. I am now having trouble with the bobbin not sewing. I thought it was the timing, but the bobbin thread will loop around and come through the plate, it just won't sew. Singer doesn't have many repair places anymore and the closest to me is over 2 hours away. I hate to think what shipping will cost.

 Update: I found out that the insurance I purchased paid the shipping for the repair. I was supposed to have the machine back in about a week and it was over a month. I'm still having trouble with it and they broke the tab off my storage compartment and it won't stay closed!"
"This machine is does just about everything you can imagine. I'm not an accomplished seamstress, but, it was very user-friendly. Bobbins and presser feet easy to load and change, threading easy as well.  Makes mending less of a chore, and creating new outfits, and projects Fun! I'm in Love!"
Very happy with this machine.
"I bought this for my wife on her birthday and she is in love. It replaced a 20 or so year old machine that has been repaired twice in the last couple of years. Since owning it, we have only had one trouble with the bobbin plate and that was remedied by pulling everything out and cleaning. So far, no complaints. *crosses fingers*"
It didn't sew correctly. The top sewed fancy stitches and the bottom sewed zigzag.
Haven't had the opportunity to begin my quilting but hopefully soon.  The machine seems like just what I need.
"IT was doing great until recently, i heard a grinding noise and after calling singer, found out that i have to take it to repair shop.  No one can tell me whats wrong with it, and to top it off, they are very few singer repair people in oviedo. SUCKS."
"This is the best Maxine value going!  I priced the expensive brands, checked the features, and really felt I got the most machine for the least money.  I don't need a thousand decorative stitches or whiz-bang features, just a reliable sewing machine with intuitive operation and an easy to follow manual.  I love my Singer Quantum Stylist!"
"I've only had this machine for 2 days, but so far I LOVE IT! My previous machine is also a Singer, Confidence Quilter, which I also loved and will now be my back up machine. But, the Quantum Stylist, is one beautiful machine, the threading is different, but one or two times doing it is all you need. I like the automatic thread cutter, it's a time saving feature. The ability to set the speed in which you're sewing is a great, sometimes I can be a speed demon, which I try not to do often. Winding the bobbin is so easy, the fact that it stops when it's done is also a great feature can't over thread it! Auto tension, no more guess work. Access to the switch the feed dogs is accessible, no more turning the machine around. This machine is also considerable heavier. Which is not a problem for me, but may be for those of us who take their machines on the road, to classes, etc. Beautiful machine, and a sleek, no fuss look to it!"
"I love this machine. The stitches come out clean and even every time. I've used on lots of different types of fabrics with no issues. I lived overseas and used this with a transformer and had no issues. The manual is extremely helpful in both getting to know your machine and learning new skills. The added presser feet have not disappointed me at all - I've only tried about 6 - 7 so far but they are all wonderful and easy to use.

Cons:
When creating quilts and things I sometimes bump the buttons in that vertical row closest to where the fabric goes through. Not a big deal. Just click the button again.
I broke the self threading function somehow. The thing that pulls the thread through doesn't line up anymore. Darn - I spend a couple seconds actually threading my machine."
It will take some time to learn all the features but so far it is awesome.
"My machine stopped working approximately 3 months after receiving it. I was sewing on some cotton fabric, the machine made a terrible grinding sound and then the buttons became unresponsive. The 30 day return policy of course had expired. I turned it off and cleaned the compartments and still nothing. I am very frustrated that a 500.00 machine works 90 days. I will be calling Amazon tomorrow."
I bought this machine. It sews nicely when it sews. That is the problem. You can't keep it threaded. The thread breaks constantly. The automatic needle threader has already fell off. It jams. But when you do get it to sew it does sew nicely. Very Disappointed.  Have had 2 weeks.
"I've had this since the beginning of June and mostly love it. It sews like a dream! This is my first ""nice"" sewing machine and had no idea how many issues I was having with my old machine(a very inexpensive Brother)were to do with the machine itself. It feeds so nice and even. I have had so much fun with the decorative stitches already, as well. So far the only issues I've had are that the needle threader bent and was unusable. No idea how it happened. I contacted Singer and they are sending me a new part as soon as it is back in stock. The other issue is that at least one of the embroidery stitches doesn't work correctly. It looks like a mess but so far only on that one stitch. When I spoke with Singer about this they said that I would have to take it to a certified Singer dealer, which unfortunately for me, is an hour away and they were unclear as to whether they'd be paying for that. I presume they would as it is a factory defect. Over all I'm very happy with this machine!"
Great machine for the price. Lots of neat stitches and easy to use!
"Thus sewing machine is perfect for beginners.  It has lots of modern features without feeling too advanced. The only thing I have trouble with is the self threader, most of the time I just manually thread it because it never catches."
"It's a very good  mid range electronic machine. Best one I've ever had, feature wise. Not as rugged as my old metal, mechanical Dressmaker, but I still love it!"
"This is the best sewing machine I have ever owned.  All the features are wonderful. I have had this one for about 5 years. The only thing is,  now the bobbin keeps jamming.  I have read reviews, and others have had the same problem. Some said that in newer models, that the problem has been fixed.  Mine looks just like the one pictured here.  Is there a newer  version ? Or can you tell me what to do to fix it myself ?"
"WOW!!!!  I pulled this out of the box earlier today and I'm already hard a work on a pretty intricate quilt block with almost ZERO learning curve.  This machine is so intuitive, and I wonder how I ever lived without the automatic cutter and the start / stop option.  I have perfect bobbin tension on the first try, and the machine feeds perfectly. I'm in LOVE, and I cannot believe a machine of this quality is available for such an amazing price!!!"
great product wife loves it and it was good and fast shipping will recommend durable and great accessories.
"This is turning out to be an excellent investment. Initially I was intimidated by all the functions, but I am gradually becoming more comfortable with it."
I really like the machine and look forward to sewing with it.  It has so many wonderful features.  Great machine for the price.  My only two suggestions for Singer would be to have an extension table that slopes like the base on the Singer One and Singer One Plus machine.  The other suggestion is to make the foot controller heavier.  It's so lightweight and tips over easily.
"The machine works as awesomely as you expect. Still busy exploring all the function, but already for basic sewing it can handle thick felt or many layers of fabric way easier then the sub $100 sewing machine I used to have."
"I really love, love, love my new sewing machine.  I'm not an expert at sewing but have learned through watching Mom and Grandma sew for years.  My husband and I also bought one for his Mom so I could learn to sew from a distance.  We both are loving the machine and it's many many variety of stitches!  We purchased the machine with all the accessories and I'm sure glad we did."
"I had a really nice machine, much like the 9960. But every time I had to work on a heavier fabric,it would jam and chatter until you turned it off. So I started to search for a heavy duty machine. They were all so ugly and clunky looking and had little else to offer but basic stitches. Then I found the 9960. A sewers dream come true! It's beautiful, stylish and works like a dream. Just for a test I tried some suede with the needle it came with, It worked perfectly, even using a decorative stitch. The  ultimate test was 8 layers of denim. As they say, Like butter! My husband and I are both under 5'6"" and I have to shorted everything. Amazing! Thank you Singer for a wonderful machine and thank you Amazon for offering it."
Amazing hardware. My fianc is so happy that I'm happy too.
"One year later and I am still beyond happy with this purchase. I knew I needed an upgrade when my old $60 sewing machine proved to be too puny for my sewing projects, but I didn't know if I should invest the money in a top-notch machine. I am so so happy that my husband urged me to purchase a higher quality machine. I have completed many projects with my Singer that would have been very time consuming on a lower quality machine. It comes with every foot that I have ever wanted to use - and the digital display and user manual make it a breeze for even a novice like myself to understand. I have been using this for over a year and have logged countless hours with this amazing tool. I would recommend it for any level of sewing enthusiast. I thought that I was too inexperienced to really benefit from this machine - but boy has it helped deepen my passion for sewing. I love love love it!"
Love this machine.  I have had it almost a year.  It has made 3 quilts.  The free motion quilting was easy to use.  The foot free sewing is great while quilting.  The button hole process is amazing.  No more quests work.  You place your button in the foot and the machine makes the button whole perfect.
Love
love it
"I think that this is a very good machine for a small price.  It has everything that I really wanted except a larger arm.  It is not as intuitive as other machines that I've used (and I've been sewing for over 40 years and quilting for 30), but  I am getting more comfortable with it as I continue to use it."
"I've had this sewing machine for couple months now and I love it! Prior to purchasing this machine, I read lots of reviews and watched video comparisons and it helped me a lot with my decisions.  It is by far comparable with the thousand dollar juki I was looking at. With less than $400 this machine is a jackpot!"
"Oh how I miss this machine! I ""upgraded"" to a Janome and gifted my Singer 9960 to a family member and have regretted it ever since. While the Janome has a larger harp space that is useful for quilting, I found the Singer easier to use and the stitching more consistent. I never had any tension or other issues with this machine, and I found that it handled every type of thread that I used (some machines are picky about thread types). The decorative stitches are amazing (I miss the cute little dog stitch *sniff*). I can't say enough great things about this. I see another one in my future---and this time it'll be with me for the long-haul."
"I love this machine.  The features are great.  When I see it is so smooth and it doesn't make any noise, very quite."
Its a piece if s***! I have had it 6 months! It started to jam! I took it to get it looked at and it will cost $258.00 to fix! I paid $361.00
I bought this beauty about a month ago. I did all of my research and was sooo beyond excited to receive it. After using the machine for about three weeks it just stopped working. Mind you I sew ALOT! The first time I used the machine it felt like it had a pull or was slowing down when it shouldn't. I noticed that the gears sounded like they were grinding so I did what anyone who sews would do. I cleaned and oiled the machine and the grinding continued. I know better than to continue sewing so I took the machine apart making sure I didn't miss something like a loose thread. The next day it stopped working completely. I was heartbroken. I have had $100 machines that lasted longer. Luckily Amazon was willing to send me a new machine. I was really hoping that the replacement would prove that this machine is worth $500. I can feel the pulling or struggle for the machine to sew. It's really odd and the first time I have ever had something like this happen. I would rather return the machine and get a refund and look for a machine that can be used for long periods without any issues. If only I could truly express how excited I was for this machine. The hours I put in trying to find a machine that fit me. If your reading this and you sew a lot DON'T DO IT. This is a machine someone buys and using once or twice and puts away in a closet. There is something not right about this machine and trust me when I say I wish that wasn't the truth.
Love this machine
"Do not buy this machine!!!  It is a piece of junk.  The space to wind the bobbin is so small, you can barely get your fingers  in.  Do not stop winding the bobbin because it will bunch up.  I have tried 4 kinds of thread and it still breaks.  It makes a clunking sound and just stops working.  It came with loose parts  inside causing it not to operate."
"I was skeptical about buying a Singer because everyone I have talked to in the past 5 or so years who sees often has said the quality isn't what it used to be. I had a Brother for the past 15 or so years that has been wonderful. The tension just went out on it and I don't do tension very well so I decided to look for something new. I wanted embroidery and sewing but I couldn't find a reasonable priced machine that had auto tension and auto threading too so I looked at what mattered most. The auto tension won. I wouldn't call this auto threading at all. It does the tension well. It sees smoothly. The feet change easily unless you put in something like a walker foot. I ended up having to take the walker foot out and put back in the original foot because the needle hit the metal. The attachment piece is very hard to fit in. It took a few minutes where it normally should take a few seconds to line up and screw in. I can see why there was a bunch of grease from the factory there.
The number of original stitches is a little over 600. The rest are modifications of them like turning a stitch backwards. The fonts are nowhere near embroidery quality. I would not use them for display purposes. If you are considering this machine for the letters, try one out first and see for yourself.
This machine rips thread quite a bit. The look on the fabric is good but it pulls all at once on the bobbin and rips it. It did this 3 times when writing my daughter's name 3 separate times. I felt the tension toward the fabric and there wasn't a problem there, just on the other end. I miss my Brother. It had a great drop in loading system for the thread and it was hassle free but those machines aren't as cheap as they were when I bought it many years ago. I could manually turn the needle whenever I wanted too without having to worry about throwing off the tension. I will learn to adjust to this new sewing machine. It has some nice stitches and it sews beautifully but I still like my $200 Brother over this one. I got the 9985 Singer. If I had to do it again, I would probably choose this over the other machines out there for the money."
I got this machine 2 Christmases ago and I love it.  For the money you get a lot of bells and whistles you would otherwise pay a lot of money for.  I use it for quilting and for sewing clothing.
"[...]  Looked like a real pain when I took it out of the box, hooked it up and went to youtube, watched 3 of them on the Singer 9985CL Quantum Stylist Touch Sewing Machine and went oh crap,,,,,,,,I watched the one here and could not understand a word of it but the illustration was perfect. I proceeded to test sew and messed up. watched the video again and had the manual with me and walla perfect stitches. Fancy stitches too. enjoy your machine and remember, it is not rocket science,,,,,,,,,lol. have fun."
Just what I ordered. I love everything about this sewing machine. There are so many attachments and the extended table is awesome.
"Machine is even more amazing than the video portrays. Helps even a novice sewer produce amazing work.

My mom's an expert seamstress, and I'm just learning -- so you can imagine her amazement when my first project featured fancy stitching. Add on features like the automatic thread cutter, self-threading, and others, and this is a dream machine, especially for the price."
"I have been sewing for about 3 years and have slowly worked my way up to quilts and larger projects that had simply outgrown my Brother CS6000i, which I love.  Love it or not 5.5"" throat makes any quilt larger than a twin a nightmare and when my older, cheaper beginner machine died I needed a new backup.  I moved my CS6000i into back-up machine territory and went looking for a new primary machine.

I eventually decided to give a Singer machine a go rather than another Brother just to see what I thought and since this particular model was listed as one of the better affordable machines I took the plunge.

Overall I am happy that I did.  The table gives lots of space and I appreciate that it is sturdier than the one on m older, smaller brother. The light is fairly bright but like most machines, they really could do a better job designing this so that we don't all go blind looking at small details. The drop in bobbin is always a nice option and I appreciate how quickly it makes bobbin changes.

The machine is fairly quiet (not $900 juki/babylock/etc.quiet) and runs pretty smoothly as well.  I have to admit that this machine is not that much quieter or smoother than my old Brother CS6000i and I was disappointed in that.  For double the price I expected a smoother performance. The low shank foot makes for easy changes which is always a great thing.

The number of stitches is great.  That said, I found the instructions on accessing them and what the mirroring stitches do to be lacking.  I suspect this machine is capable of more than I know but the instructions are basic and leave the discovery up to you.  Well, I generally am not looking to sit at my machine and spend hours upon hours trying to figure out what buttons do what in which stitches, etc.  Perhaps there are just more options than I personally need.  I do believe there is a series of Youtube videos a woman made on this machine, I'd advise finding it.

My least favorite things: The lettering stitches work well although I found myself wishing I could make them a touch bigger.  Most of the embroidery stitches are a bit 'thin' and would likely look better if you doubled the thread. the lack of detailed instructions to use the special features. I find myself often having to tinker with the tension which can be annoying. The cover for the bobbin area feels like the little tab that holds it in could break off if you aren't careful trying to remove it. The automatic needle threader is fussy and you have to have the needle all the way up for it to work very well.

My most favorite things: The thread cutter-this is awesome!  The stability of the table is great. The throat space is better than what I had and the variety of stitches is great.  The button hole feet work well and I do love that it is sturdy.  This machine is heavier than my last so it stays put on the table better than my old one.

Overall this is a good purchase with some picky issues that are pretty personal to me.  I would encourage someone to feel comfortable buying this machine as it is a good buy for the money!  As for me, this will someday become my back-up when I save up for a mid or long arm for quilting."
"I love my new machine.  It's amazing how it sews right through multiple layers of
heavy denim."
"Yes, love this machine. The only criticism is it could be more heavy duty,but I have another Machine that is. Enjoying this sewing experience. star rating is 4.5"
I love it!!!
This machine was recommended so that I had a machine I could keep and grow as I learned more. I have not been disappointed & my expectations have been far exceeded! The wealth of accessories that come with it are alone worth the purchase! I'm looking forward to many many projects being done with my machine. You couldn't go wrong when purchasing this!
"We got this for Christmas and my love, LOVES it.  There are lots of tech reviews if you need one.  It has auto-thread.  It works great.  My son even likes programming to do complex stitches. We upgraded to this from a basic $150 Singer we had over ten years.
It is a singer, so it should be dependable."
"Love this machine so far, after two months getting to know it. Looking forward to a long and productive relationship with it!
It has so many functional amped decorative stitches, sews so neatly and securely, does fine on multiple layers. It's important to use the correct needles and helpful to use the appropriate feet to get the best results on each project. There is a continuing question online about whether to use Class 15 or 15j bobbins, but I have used both with no problems. Just don't use metal ones! For the price  this machine is a tremendous value."
"UPDATED:
After only 18 months this machine is showing some serious issues. We have paid to service the machine once and looked into a warranty claim which we found out would cost us shipping and all labor (only parts are covered). The electronics are acting really buggy and the display isn't responding correctly. Sad a machine is dying so quickly.
PREVIOUS FEEDBACK:
My wife hasn't been able to stop smiling and can't say enough good about this machine!"
It is fantastic!
"I love this machine!  600 built in stitches, automatic thread cutter and user friendly!  Top end bells and whistles at a fraction of the cost. So far am loving it!"
So far I really love this machine.  I am still learning so much about what it can do!
"I had sewn for years on a plain White straight-and-zigzag machine, and ""upgraded"" to a cheap computerized Brother, both of which got the job done for me, but when a friend bought me this machine in exchange for some work I was doing for him, I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  I have friends with more expensive machines, but I haven't seen anything that theirs does that mine doesn't.

Some of my favorite features:

1.  The automatic needle threader.  It may not seem like much, but I can thread the machine so much more quickly with this little device.

2.  The thread-cutter button.  Wow!  Let me say that again -- Wow!!  It cuts the thread at just the exact perfect length.  There is no stray thread at the end of your seam, and almost no thread at the beginning of your next stitching, but the thread is left long enough that the needle doesn't come unthreaded when you start sewing.  I love this feature!!!

3.  Easy bobbin filling.  Works like a charm!

4.  The multitude of stitches.  I've sewn everything from boutique baby clothes to professional tutus, and am able to find a stitch for every various need.  And it's easy to switch between stitches and customize the stitch width, length, mirrored, etc.

5.  The nice variety of specialized feet that are included.  The only feet that I've had to purchase are a rolled-hem foot, a blind zipper foot, and a ruffling foot.  Otherwise, there is a foot included for just about any situation that you might encounter.

6.  The sturdiness.  My tutu bodices have a canvas-weight lining, and (as long as I use the right sized needle) this machine sews through it like it's warm butter.  I don't know that there's anything that I wouldn't be able to sew on this machine.

7.  The automatic tension adjustment.  The most frustrating thing about my old machines was the difficulty in getting the tension adjusted properly, especially when I am constantly changing fabric types and weights.  This machine somehow reads what I'm sewing and presents me with the perfect tension.  It feels like magic!

8.  The durability.  I've been sewing on this machine almost constantly for three years now, and it's still just as wonderful as the day I got it.

So, you might ask, what are the bad points of this machine?

1.  Sometimes after I refill a bobbin, the machine will think that it's not threaded correctly, and I'll get the long loops on the bottom of the fabric.  I've learned to keep a scrap of fabric next to me, and I test my stitching each time I re-thread the machine.  If I remember to give the side knob a slight turn after I fill a bobbin, it re-engages whatever it is that makes that happen, and I have no trouble at all.

2.  I've never once used the large table that is included with the machine, so it just takes up space in my sewing room.

While there are more-expensive machines out there, you definitely can't go wrong with this one!"
Used it for basic sewing and it worked fine.  Haven't gotten into the embroidery capabilities yet.
"Two weeks ago when I bought this machine I would of given it 5 starts. But since this morning, it has done nothing but aggravate me! It is not cutting the thread especially the bottom (bobbin). and The nest that it is creating at the beginning of my sewing is horrible! I think this is getting packed up and sent back.

And yes, I cleaned it inside and out, took out the bottom  plate and cleaned it with a brush and a bottle of compressed air. I changed the needle, changed the bobbins. I tried bobbins from my old Singer, bobbins from my old Brother Machines and tried all 3 bobbins that come with the machine. NOTHING WORKED!

  I only owned one Singer in the past and I hated it. That was about 6 years ago, ever since I've owned only Brother Machines. I did my homework and read plenty of reviews and decided that for the money this machine had more to offer than a Brother machine for the same money. So I thought I'd put my past bad experience behind me, but NOPE, still disappointing. . Now I realize why Brother machines are more expensive, because you have to pay for good equipment."
We were guaranteed this would work by our son. He was precise.
This is the best machine for me so far.  And super easy to learn
"I am in love with my new machine. My old one was about 25 years old, so this one was a big step up. I considered other machines, but in the end, Ive had Singers all my life. I also considered buying the 9340, or 9430?, but went with the 9960 because there is much more documentations, videos, and info about it online.

Its big. I cant fit my serger and this one my sewing table, which is small anyway, but thats a bummer. Ive tried several of the stitches and feet. Threading was super easy. No more trying to stick the thread through a bunch of holes and loops. Just around, up and down. The automatic needle threader it simple to use. It works by hooking the thread on an attachment and iIt pulls the thread through the eye of the needle and you pull it the rest of the way out. Simple. The automatic thread cutter is wonderful. No more pulling the garment away and snipping. Just press a button and its done. Threading a bobbin is simple enough. My only complaint is that I used to be able to get away with not unthreading my old machine to thread a bobbin if I ran out while sewing. No so with this one. You have to unthread the machine and do it the correct way. But re-threading is easy, so not a bid deal.

It sews very smoothly and quietly. It has a speed control lever right on the front so its easy to adjust. I have it on turtle speed until I get the hang of it. You can use the foot control to sew with or use the start/stop button. I like the button, but if i have to  have my hands on, like silky fabrics or using the narrow hem foot, its great to have both options.
This also has an auto tack feature. It will tack the thread at the beginning and then when you're done, press the reverse button and it tacks again. Not sheer fabric friendly, but works great on other fabrics. I don't have to worry about backstitching.

The text embroidery is ok. Definitely not monogram quality. The script font is spaced way too far apart. Ill have to play with the adjustment or maybe move the fabric to get it right. I like how I can program a full name and it just spits it out for me. The decorative stitches are easy to use and look great."
"I love this machine, and have been using it almost every day since getting it.  I think Singer's quality kind of went south for a while, but this machine proves that it is back to being top quality with no shortcuts.  This machine will do things that I don't even know about yet, but I'll get there!"
Works perfectly
Love this machine! It works beautifully and has so many stitching options! Highly recommend this for any quilter!
"This machine is fabulous!! So many stitches,the display screen is extremely clear.  Great quality machine, of course that is what you always get from Singer products"
Amazing
"I read all the reviews and decided to purchase this machine.  It is everything I wanted.  Quiet, sews all the 600 stitch options perfectly.  The extension table is great.  Love the fact that I do not have to use the foot peddle unless I want to.  The automatic thread cutter saves thread, however, one has the choice of manual or automatic.  I now have two Singer Sewing machines.  I grew up learning to sew on my mother's Singer.  Very partial to the product.  This is my first time to own a computerized machine, so I also purchased the extended warranty."
"Great machine. Be sure to unplug it after using it each time in case there's a power surge, which could damage the mother board."
"At first I really loved this machine now I am not so sure. But for the money I don't think I can complain, you get what you pay for. One of the features I was really looking forward to was the thread cutter and it stopped working about 30 days into using the machine. Even though it has an automatic tension feature I still get bunching of the threads from time to time and there is no warning. I should have saved my pennies for awhile longer and got a better machine but for now it will do for the money."
It's is user friendly.
Got it for my moms birthday. She loves it. This is the best purchase we ever made. The Singer has tremendous amount of features and extremely durable. I recommend it for any mom or daughter who loves to sew.
"I have no experience in sewing ever and this is my first sewing machine.  I've read the reviews and view the instructions from Youtube many times before I decided to purchase this machine.  When the machine arrived, we opened it up, and I was able to use it right away. This machine is so easily to use.  I had the machine for over a week now, and I already shorten 10 of my husband's suit shirt sleeves.  I've never sew on a sewing machine before, nor I have any designing experience but with this machine, I was able to fix from minor rips to custom fit the majority of our casual outfits.  I am in the process of learning how to alter my dress pants and blazers--the extended table is very useful for this project.  The machine is very quiet, smooth, and the countless stitches patterns are very much appreciated.  I gave a four stars because the bobbin winder (don't know what is the name) does not wind the thread evenly.  The thread holder area is too short for the long spool of threads.  Overall I love the machine and what it does for me."
"My son bought this for me as a way for me to machine quilt. It has been a problem since day one. The simple things like changing needles and winding a bobbin are complex. When machine quilting the machine knocks like it will come off the table. All of the ""accessories"" are cheap plastic as is the machine. There is nothing good I can say about this thing. Except that I'm not ever buying a Singer again and this will be trashed ASAP."
So far I love it.  There are many options that I have not tried yet.
"The bottom storage drawer of the machine has 2 very flimsy plastic hinges that were broken off when I got the machine, causing the storage compartment to fall open and now have to be kept in place by tape. For the rest I am pleased so far."
I bought this machine when it first came out.  It is an ok machine but not for everyone. I wore it out in three years.
This machine is great more features than I anticipated .... I love it
"Update 6/22/16: Although learning to thread the upper tension by flossing it(see below) did correct many of my most serious problems, I continue to find huge flaws with this machine. Once it is threaded right, it can sew through many layers of fabric. But after an hour of sewing, it started rattling as it stitched. Not long after that, the Schmetz jeans needle broke off. Schmetz needles should fit in any machine, but getting them in and out of this machine takes tools! I cleaned everything and had a horrible time replacing the bobbin case: much harder than on other machines. I installed a new Singer heavy duty needle. Now can I finally sew?? Of course not! I can't believe what I see: the needle is scraping the front of the hole in the needle plate as it lowers towards the bobbin! No wonder needles are breaking: this machine's own needle plate and needle holder do not line up. Now I have a nick on my needle plate where the scraping happens. This machine is unusable and I will not waste my time on it any more.

Not user friendly.
I always buy Janome sewing machines but was seduced by the price-to-feature ratio of this machine. I learned a hard lesson from this purchase: when venturing into an unfamiliar brand, try before you buy!

Pros: Price is amazing for the feature set; easy to browse through stitch choices; manual is good, but assumes the machine actually works better than it does.

Cons: Ridiculously hard to correctly thread from the spool to the needle!; stitch selector shortcut buttons are way too easy to press by accident, altering your stitch unintentionally; needle down button is hard to see when sewing machine is low enough for proper ergonomics; needle holder is too tight, making needle insertion very difficult; fairly light duty machine, requiring a large needle and slow speed to go through thick projects; bobbin cover pops off too easily.

I didn't use this machine enough during the first 30 days to see how much I was going to dislike it. I went throughout the web trying to solve my constant tension issues. Then I contacted Singer tech support. The most valuable suggestion, which is NOT in the manual, is to thread the machine through steps 1,2, and 3, then STOP. Hold the thread on each side and ""floss"" it back and forth, coaxing it further into the machine's upper tension disks. Then, continue threading as described in the manual. Sad that a machine would need this kind of fussing every time it is threaded! Singer also claims that only Singer needles are acceptable; the manual does not say this either, and it's fairly unheard of in the industry. Also, Only class 1 bobbins are acceptable.

I read online that thousands of these have been returned (check eBay and you'll see it's true) and that technicians are finding that when they get them for repairs, they find that the machines were not assembled well at the factory and need to be tightened up.

I am a very experienced quilter. I have 4 awesome Janomes and I won't buy Singer again. Buyer beware!"
was a gift
Great so far. I haven't used it much yet.
the best thing i every bought delivered it on time is does just what it said it would do and more
"I ended returning this machine after two weeks. It started acting up specifically in the bobbin area. That's were the thread cutter is which was not cutting. The thread ended wound around the cutter. I called and talked to a Singer rep, she guided me through some tests. She concluded that the machine needed to be sent back for service as it was out of alignment. I'm not sure what to think except that computerized machines seem to be not there yet with the latest technology. They are too sensitive to the littlest move."
Great!!
"I love this machine, it is such a pleasure to use.  I love that I can rely on it working properly.  I always had trouble with the tensions on my other machines, this one sets it for you, and works with wonderful stitches as a result.  Thanks for this product, now I can sew for pleasure, instead of haveing to go and fix something every few days!"
had chips in needle thread tract never sews true to stich always has some kind of problem... works great awhile.. than messes up again..always having to adjust or work on it
absolutely love this machine.
"Birthday gift for the wife and she loves it! It has so many options to sew that she fell in love with this machine. I thought it was crazy that this machine had over 600 built-in stitch patterns including five alphanumeric fonts and 13 fully automatic one-step buttonholes with exclusive buttonhole under-plate, mirror imaging, and stitch elongation options that give you the freedom to customize your projects. After talking with my wife after using it she did agree that the units start-up is a breeze with quick-and-easy threading, automatic stitch length and width, stitch editing capabilities, a start/stop button, and direct button stitch selection.
I personally did the additional features like programmable needle up/down, slow sewing speed option, LCD screen. All the time I heard her complain in the past with her old Singer machine and now she has this premium unit its a match made in heaven for my wife."
amazing machine!
"This is week one, so far I really like this machine. I was disappointed when it arrived though as there was a huge piece of plastic sticking out near the plate. Fabric catches on it. It's obviously a manufacturing or quality control issue. I would have sent the machine back but I had to fulfill an order on time so I'm stuck with the subpar machine."
It is the greatest gift.  My wife loves it
Good machine but parts are made with cheap plastic. Especially when you thread and pull you will feel machine will break. Hard to find machine parts by chance if you find very expensive.
OH MY GOSH!!! I LOVE this machine! My daughter has been taking sewing lessons and we decided to get a nicer sewing machine. This Singer 9960 has exceeded my expectations. I was able to take it to her last few sewing classes and learn how to program it and use all of the stitches. I also found blogs that give a walkthrough of how to use every feature. I highly recommend this machine to anyone new to sewing as well as kids (8+) since it is so easy to use.
I like this machine when it is working but it skips stitches sometimes when I have used it a lot. I have even sent it in twice and it is still doing this.
I really like the product but the self cutting feature does not work correctly. I had then ship me a new one thinking it was broken and the self cutting feature does not work correctly on the new one either.  Other than that everything else works beautifully.  I love sewing on it.
"I love this sewing machine! I've had this machine for a couple of months now and it does everything I need it to do and more! I'm sewing clothes for my daughter, and I want to start making clothes for myself as well. It's easy to use, and it came with some really great feet. I won't have to buy any other feet for it until I get more experience and start sewing more complicated things. (So years from now haha!) I would, however recommend purchasing the book ""The Sewing Machine Accessory Bible"" to go with it. It goes more in depth about the presser feet than the machine manual does."
Awesome Machine! Wonderful Value!
"I am very impressed with this machine!  I've sewn for 56 years, and the 9960 fits the job.  I researched many machines, and did a lot of looking and reading.  More stitches than you can believe, and it is heavy enough not to vibrate when sewing - which I really appreciate.  I would recommend this machine to a more experienced seamstress/crafter.  It is easy to use - the manual is good, when so many are not.  Lots of attachments and variety to work it. I am very, very pleased."
Great machine and features for the price.  I'm very pleased with it. Machine seems very well made.  Many tutorials on Youtube in case you have any questions on how feet work.  Youtube video helped me figure out the automatic threader and some of the functions of the feet plus the uses of the many stitches.
"Love my sewing machine.
I run a small house business and I use this machine at least 10 hours a day for the past 2 years and it hasn't let me down so far..
I will definitely recommend it and I will for sure buy another one."
love thus machine
"The only thing I don't like about this machine is that I can't gather using long stitch length because it puckers the fabric.  I had an old Pfaff with an automatic walking foot, and with this Singer, I have to attach a mechanical walking foot which is not as good.  I make doll clothes, so I am ALWAYS gathering fabric for skirts.  Otherwise, it sews well and has lots of features.  Light's not very bright, but I got a supplemental LED thing to help."
This is a great sewing machine. Love it.
"This is a fabulous machine, I haven't tried all the foots but so far, it's a been great.  I also love how quiet it is...nice!"
"So far this machine is performing well. It has many useful features like needle down, cutting the thread, easy on/off feet, that make sewing and quilting enjoyable. Do not really care for the bobbin winder but perhaps I do not have the parts that are adjustable correct so get an uneven wind. Do like the drop in bobbin. This makes it easy to see when the thread is getting low and likely to run out.

It has many patterns and performs them well. Have never see so many button hole shapes. Have not tried them yet but will soon. Pattern selection is easy and uncomplicated but I still have to refer to the instruction book from time to time. So far the book has been able to answer my questions and guide me in using this machine.

The memory is not a lasting one but that is a good thing for me because I tend to keep things long after their usefulness is over. It does hold many stitches and is easy to use. You can go back and forth in the memory to reuse parts of it so if you need to repeat a name or pattern it is there to be used again - until the machine is turned off.

Had a little trouble doing a quarter inch seam ( a quilter's must) until I moved the needle to the right. That solved my problem.
Overall I am pleased with my purchase and the price."
"I bought this sewing machine around Christmas. However, the very first time I started using it, the thread would bunch up constantly on my clothing. I figured out what I was doing wrong, and fixed accordingly. It now doesn't bunch up to extremes, but has many inconsistencies in the thread. Sometimes it skips, sometimes part of the stitch is loose, some thread carries down over multiple stitches. Hopefully this doesn't happen to everyone, and I've just gotten the short end of the stick. As someone who was expecting a brand new product, I'm very disappointed with this product so far. I plan on taking it in and spending even more money on it to have it fixed, since I no longer have a warranty on it."
"Great sewing machine! Would recommend it to anyone, regular sewing, quilting and more!"
I love this machine! I didn't want to upgrade but my husband convinced me that my needs and skills had changed and I had to do it. Boy I hate it when he's right! It has so many features and attachments and it's extremely easy to use. The description did not mention it had the foot pedal. So I was extremely excited when it came with it!!
"My mother bought this on amazon and in the short few weeks we have had it she had made two blankets.
Im pretty new and learning. but she said its just like riding a bike. lol

zero issues. runs great perfect and hightech than the last one she had 20 years ago :D"
"I'm in love. Lots of projects done, more to come!!"
Love Love Love my new Singer.  I have been a singer fan for many years.  I have tried a lot of different machines and always come back to Singer..  Keep up the great work.  This machine has more stitches than you will ever use.  The are very easy to use.  The only thing I wish my machine had was an in machine needle threader.  The manual threader is a joke.  That's the reason for the four stars.  Get with it and keep up with brother.  Their threader is awesome.
Excellent
"Great machine! It looks intimidating, but I am a beginner in sewing and I love it. I made the mistake to buy a Brother ce1100pwr sewing machine at Walmart and I was not happy with that one because it kept eating my fabric. This one ( Singer) costs a little more but it is well worth it!!! It is a high end machine for a very reasonable price. I wished I would have bought this sewing machine right away. There are great videos on YouTube that explain the machine. The persons ID on YouTube is ""strikesmyfancy"". That was a great help to watch the videos on stitches that I have never used before. This machine will still be great, when I become a more experienced sewer. I can highly recommend this machine and I am very happy with my purchase."
"This out performs my expectations. I'm an amateur sewer, and wanted a quality machine to start being more serious. The quantum is so easy to understand, change settings, thread, wind bobbin, etc. and the accessories that come with it -- I could spend a lot of money buying all those presser feet.  I love it. If there were one complaint it would be the sound when sewing fast and on several layers, but someone else pointed it out and then it got stuck in my head that it was noisy. But I don't care. I'm super happy to have made this choice. Plus the youtube videos everyone is referencing have been fantastic and spot on for doing more."
I have had my machine since March. The auto threaded does not work and I spend more time re threading the bobbins and the machine than I do sewing. The needle also hits the plate and breaks. I have gone through at least a dozen or more needles just from breaks. The tension is always off. I continuously have balls of thread under the fabric. Not happy at all!
"I love it. I have hemmed pants, darned jeans, made welding caps...just right for my needs. Has more stitching options than I will ever need. Love the needle threader."
very easy to operate. very quiet.  great product
"I purchased this machine in February 2016.  I was going to sew buttonholes in a blouse today and realized I did not receive the accessories package with my machine.  Since it is more than two months, it appears I have no way to request that this be corrected.  Very frustrated as I like the machine and it has been working well but without the various feet attachments and extra bobbins, I will be limited to its use.  Very frustrated."
My experience with this product is good. Hope this review helps in your decision.
I purchased this machine in October. It's already been in for service twice and needs to go again. First two times the thread was jamming up in the bobbin case. Now the top thread and bobbin thread won't loop.  Very very frustrated with this machine. Beware!
"You can buy without looking. Is the best. Can control speed, automatic cutter, 600 stitches, additioal food presser. I scored so many points with my wife w this present"
Nothing to add to those glowing online reviews - this machine is excellent and works as advertised. Instant buy!
Awesome machine!
"This is an OK machine. I grew up sewing on a Singer and Singer just isn't what it used to be. The automatic thread cutter broke after 2 1/2 years of light to moderate use, which I've now learned is a common issue, and the buttonhole lever never worked properly. I always had to hold it forward slightly or it would get stuck on one side and go back and forth in the same spot so many times that it put huge holes in the fabric. I had already had my machine several months before I needed a buttonhole and discovered it, so I didn't attempt a return. The biggest problem is finding someone willing to repair a singer. There are at least 5 sewing machine repair locations within 20 miles of me and none of them are willing to touch a Singer. The closest location was 50 minutes one way, and it wasn't even a Singer-authorized location. I recently upgraded to an Elna (made by Janome) with almost identical features, but it is a much better machine. The difference is huge. I'm giving this 3 stars only because I think it's a good starting point as long as it won't be used long-term for the reasons stated above. Personally I would put the money into a Janome rather than Singer."
"Very impressed with the performance, function of machine. There is a learning curve for me on some of the attachments that I have not used previously. Quiet, sturdy.  Grew up using a Singer slant foot and wore it out. Since then used a Shark and a Brothe . This is like coming home"
Great
"Oh, dear, Singer 9960.

I did my research and saved my pennies and finally purchased this machine as an upgrade from an older manual Singer model. When I first purchased this machine about a year ago, I was in love! It was so quiet and sewed perfectly, every time. I couldn't get over how straight it sewed with barely a touch. It has so many great stitches and is just so smooth!

Ah, but the honeymoon is over. Starting last fall (6 months after purchase), I started having MAJOR tension issues. As in, the top of my stitching looks great, but underneath it's a loopy mess that resembles a bath towel. Google to the rescue! Turns out all I need to do is rethread the machine. No problem, right? Over and over and over I rethread, and over and over and over, it works fine for a bit and then goes haywire again. Grr. I didn't buy a sewing machine so I could  practice my threading, I bought it so I could sew!

Anyway, I have a work-around that involves using the bobbin tension knob. It's not idea and can't be adjusted, but it gives me something to work with. I sew a lot and have no time to deal with this. The tension malfunction may be something that can be fixed by a sewing machine repair person, but I live in SoCal and an authorized repair center is an hour away at least. Plus, I shouldn't have to take in a BRAND NEW machine!

I do not recommend this machine."
Good quality product
"As a designer of one-of-a-kind wearable art for more than thirty years,  I was doing quite well with my old model Pfaff but decided to treat myself to a new machine. After researching many makes and styles I chose the Quantum Stylist 9960 even though I don't need or use the fancy stitches.  I love it............easy to thread, easy to set up the bobbin.....cuts thread at the end of a seam with a push of a button......and sews with an a beautifully even stitch.  The best part?..........no need to adjust the tension.  Although the speed can be adjusted, I was disappointed that the fastest speed was not as fast as I'd hoped for. I do not use the overlock stitches because I have an 8-thread serger.  The machine handles a variety of fabric thicknesses.  Would I purchase this again?........Definitely!!"
Thank you!!!
Met expectations
It was to complicated . I returned
"I really do like this machine,  but probably won't use the fancy stitches like I thought. They are small, and I'd you do embroidery, another machine would better suit your needs. The throat is adequate for basic, mainly straight line quilting, although you could stipple on single blocks with the attachment. The bobbin winder is tucked in a bit tight unless you have small fingers. I had to rig up an adapter to use cone thread. I like the stable feel and quietness of the machine,  I suspect due to Singer having real metal inner parts. Other features I really like: easy threading,  drop in bobbin, adjustible needle position, feed dogs drop, push button thread cutter and needle up/down at stop. You can set the speed and use pushbutton start and stop, but only with foot peddle unplugged. Overall,  I prefer Singer, and this machine was priced great for the features,  but others in this line would have also met my needs."
My wife quit smoking . she's been off cigarettes for 120 days. I wanted to surprise her on mother's day. But I couldn't where the money went. I can't keep those kind of secrets... Lol.
"The machine is all that I was looking for.  However, one of the pieces (auxiliary thread holder, to use with double needle) is missing, & although I contacted the Singer company I have not yet received the part, although they said I would be getting it."
"Had to replace the machine in the first week when the bobbin thread was snarling randomly, stitches were skipping, and it would randomly change from zig-zag to straight stitch. The second (the replacement one) machine was fine at first but after less than three months the bobbin tension went out after fabric got caught under the needle. It now has to be sent out for repair, which requires shipping out of state as there are no dealer services locally, because I was told by customer service that only a technician can fix this problem. Was told that this would take a minimum of three for repair plus shipping time. Overall I have not had a great experience with this machine and would not recommend it."
Love it
"I really like this machine, I have found that I have to pin my patchwork when sewing long strips because the bottom is fed through faster than the top. Totally worth the price."
"Value for money, nice machine"
"I was terrified to order this item on line, but since I was not able to find a store locally that had the item and after reading the reviews, I took a chance. Let me first start off saying how AMAZING Amazon is! I contacted them about a price discrepancy and didn't expect to hear anything from them for at least 72 hours, and after that I expected a lame response on why there was a difference in pricing. Well, low and behold, they contacted me in less than 24 hours, and not only are they crediting me back the difference, but also the taxes. Although the amount we are talking about is small, it's the principle of how awesomely they handled my concern. Customer Service is a dying trade, and I am SO elated I am an Amazon customer. I received the machine in two days like they stated. I just took everything out of the box, and made sure all items were there. My husband carried the machine to my sewing room. I don't know why I was sorta emotional, but as I took my old Singer 7442 off of the table and replaced it with this one, I kept my baby nearby just in case. I am in the middle of making a dress with quite a few buttonholes. After threading, and playing with a few stitches on some scrap interfaced fabric, I was ready to get started. I had NO idea how beautifully this machine would work. I've read some of the reviews where folks were not as pleased, but the positive reviews, by far, outweighed the bad. I read the manual prior to deciding on this model. I was actually going to save for a Viking. I've sewn on a Singer ever since high school when they offered Home Economics. Of course in school, there were industrial machines, but when I could afford to get my own sewing machine, it was a Singer. I stopped sewing for several years and about 7.5 years ago I picked up the hobby again, for personal reasons, and needed, what I considered at the time, a functional, yet decent, sewing machine. I didnt' want to spend a ton of money on it, just in case I didn't enjoy sewing and I was able to get the 7442 for free due to the points I was awarded on my job. I've outgrown that machine and started looking at Viking, Janome, Bernina and some of the other higher priced machines. I wanted to stay in the $1500-$2000 range. I wanted to steer away from Singer only because there are so many other options available. Why I mainly wanted a new machine is because my 7442 was SLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWW! The machines I became interested in were $4000+. I only sew for myself and rarely if I am guilted enough, for my baby sister. Others have asked me, and I am more inclined to teach them than to sew for them. Feeling defeated because I am not a quilter, there was nothing in my price range and just when I was about to give up, looking for a machine I found YouTube vids on the Singer 9960. I couldn't believe it was less than $1000. I literally studied this machine, any and every video, blog, vlog or data I could find on it. I am so PLEASED. Even the straight stitching is better on this machine than my older baby. The buttonhole stitches are neater, the speed is exactly what I was looking for. I just have to get used to a few more of the features available, but I am in love. The extra money I was willing to spend is getting ready to be for fabric. The Viking will have to wait until I outgrow this baby. She is a GREAT purchase for the money."
"I have owned this machine for almost a year.  I have made multiple quilts of varied sizes and it has handled them without any issues.  I don't use the extension table because I have a longer extension table that I purchased that also acts as a light table ([...]).  This machine is amazing.  The decorative stitches are beautiful and stay even (a problem I had with my previous machine).  Loading the bobbin is SUPER easy.  My only caution is when working with large quilts, or other pieces of fabric and they get bunched up before the needle, they can change the stitch setting because they pressed up against the buttons on the right.  Don't let that dissuade you, though, this machine is really great and absolutely worth the money."
I bought this for my mom for Mother's Day. She loves it!!
great
"Great machine but don't push it, as so many have said. I give it 4 stars because none of the foot accessories fit.  Not sure why.  Luckily I have all my feet from a previous Singer."
"The Singer 9960 was a gift, and I opened it one month after it arrived.  IT DOES NOT WORK.  The indicator LED screen notes that the presser foot is not down completely.  After hours on the phone with Singer Customer Service, it was determined that the sensor may have been dislodged during shipping.  Fume!  The closest service center is far away in Union, New Jersey.  Double Fume.  Singer was once a reputable brand and now with all the added bells and whistles, there seems to be no customer service reps available who can reasonably troubleshoot their computerized models.  This model is a total lemon.  DO NOT BUY."
so easy to use and has nice stitches.
"Absolutely love it, should have never wandered off from Singer machines....."
"My husband ordered this machine to surprise me!  The first one came in and had a presser foot that just wouldn't press hard enough to ever allow the machine to think it was ready to sew.  Sent back to amazon.  The second machine was even dreamier than the first...it worked!  :)  My favorite features are the tack button, thread cutters, even feeding, all the attachments that come with it, and the hard cover to start.  The sewing patterns have so many options than just what is shown by editing.  Also there is a wonderful youtube seires on the 9960 you can follow to learn the machine through video.  I found this very helpful and watched them before the purchase (to learn more) and after I got the machine to refresh my memory. ([...]).  It came well packaged, with machine, hard cover, and extention table, with a ton of feet, and other standard additions."
"I'll change my stars when I actually get to use the machine.  I opened it up, plugged it in, and the needle wouldn't move and it made a terrible grinding nose.  I took it to an authorized service center and they're already changing parts... On a brand new machine. Awesome."
"Love this item. It makes sewing so much easier!! Love all the different stitches and things it can do like sewing a button on. Definitely worth the money especially if you plan on sewing a lot. It arrived in a timely manner. (Altho our ups man left it on the porch and knocked one time and left if no one had been it would have been left outside on the porch, obviously not a complaint pr this company but just stating make sure you are home.)"
"BEWARE....the quality of this Singer machine is NOT of same quality you would get from a Singer dealer. My husband purchased this for me for Christmas. I used it 5 times and it quit working. The top stitch looked beautiful but when you turned it over, the thread was all knotted. It appeared tension was off. I messed with the tension for quite sometime. I finally decided to take it to a local shop to have it serviced.  When I went to pick it up, the owner said that the machine would cost more than it is worth to fix, and she couldn't do it. Seeing how new the machine was, she suggested we take it back. We contacted Amazon and they couldn't help us because we were past the return date. We contacted Singer and they said my machine was not under warranty even though it was only 16 months old and used 5 times. So now, I am STUCK with this machine that doesn't work. The crazy thing is, the 5 times I used it, I only used the straight stitch. I never even got to use any of the bells and whistles. My sister bought the exact same machine. Hers did work for a little over one year, but it is doing the same thing as mine. Do not waste your money!"
Wife loves it. Replaced one that she had for 10 years and read some reviews that this is a really good machine. She uses it for quilting and uses it every day.
"This review is for the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist. I upgraded from the Singer Curvy 8763, which had a lot of problems. It made me not want to buy another Singer, frankly. When the motor burned out, I turned to Brother machines and tested several at some local shops. Then I tested the Singer 9960...WOW. Did I mention, WOW? The value alone hooked me, considering all the accessories it includes, and as I've sewn with it the past week I've realized it is the Ferrari to my old Pinto - the Curvy. Yes, I've heard Singer has dropped in quality through the years. I believe this machine is a step back in the right direction

I'm not a pro, I sew for fun. So please keep that in mind....I also bought this at FULL PRICE, not some shady discount for a glowing review. I really, really love this machine and highly recommend it."
It had a recall due to defective.  Returned item.
"I've only had this machine for a month, and the auto threader had piece of plastic break off. Now it won't line up to thread properly. Sad day for such an expensive machine."
I love this machine. I have been sewing for years and i have never had a machine with all the bells and whistle's that this machine has. Great machine.
Love it
Works great!
I love it because my wife loves it. A beautiful machine with many super features.
I have enjoyed my sewing machine it was a easy learn for me.
This is the best sewing machine I have ever used.  It does everything!  Thank you!
really good machine had no probs
Not what I expected from singer. Sent first one back. Kept knotting the thread. I haven't got to use the replacement yet.
This machine will sew any type of fabric with ease.
"This is a powerful machine, lots of built-ins and convenience features.  I was looking something for home use bearing in mind I tackle zippers, jeans, coats, you name it.  This machine is performing beautifully and I'm very happy with it.  The listed attachments are great, the pull-out for free-arm is convenient, the attachment box is roomy and convenient to use.

We were easily able to mount the machine into my wood sewing cabinet, even thought the Mfr. replied that it was portable only.  On arrival we checked the bottom and found 2  metric threaded holes on the base that we were easily able to bolt to my cabinet with mounting bolts and wing-nuts - so if you want a cabinet mount machine this will work for you.  It sews smoothly, runs quietly, all our hard work (research) paid off and I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone."
"Love the machine except for the way the thread jams. This results in having to retread the needle on average of 3-5 times when sewing for an hour or so.  I use the machine primarily for piecing quilts together and so I can live with this but if you were doing tailoring this could be a real problem with satins, silks, etc.  Also seems to have problems sewing over thicker fabrics. Can't imagine sewing denim or heavy woolens. Other than that the stitches are even and uniform, machine is quick and quiet."
"If I could give this machine more stars I would. I would give this machine ALL the stars!
I LOVE this machine. I've had it for a few months and have made a few things on it. I'm so in love with this Singer. I've used a bunch of the decorative stitches and have used this machine to Free Motion Quilt. Being able to drop the feed dogs and being able to adjust the speed of the machine has really made being able to FMQ so much easier. FMQ was nearly impossible for me on my Singer Esteem II.
There have been complaints about the bobbin on this machine, which I haven't ran into at all. A lot of those issues are user error. Everything from thread shredding and breaking, and thread nesting on the back have all been my fault. This machine uses a 15J bobbin, which can get confusing when you're standing in the sewing section looking at 15 and 15J bobbins and you can't for the life of you remember which one you're supposed to use. Using the wrong bobbin style can cause issues.
There have also been complaints about the machine stopping or making loud noises. Apparently this isn't an issue with the machine that has the design on the front (as is the one shown on the Amazon page), but was in a previous iteration of the 9960.
So far, after 3 months of use, I haven't found a single thing I don't like about this machine. I just love it."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine.  I thought that it would be hard to get used to the push button start/stop but it makes it so much easier, I don't think I will ever use my foot petal again.  The variable speed setting is amazing.  I love to show everyone who comes over what all this bad boy can do.  The only thing that I would like to see on this machine is a laser line that is on another machine.
I was a little intimidated at first, then I found an entire series on YouTube demonstrating all the things that you could do with it and it made me feel a little better.

Between the push button start/stop, automatic thread cutter, variable speed and all of the stitching options and tools that this machine comes with, it is well worth the money and I would recommend this to anyone."
"All these reviews. My mom just bought hers from Amazon and got it yesterday. Hers is the newer 9960 from Singer than mine. Hers has the graphics on the front lower right of the machine so I have talked with her for a few days. It is a 2000 dollar machine to replace it's features. She is 76 and we checked and read and contemplated. She loves it, has already sewn on it, is happy and confident. We will keep sewing from VA and FL and it keeps us close. We will keep you updated. So far, the best sharing a mom and daughter could share miles apart. Thank you, Singer and Amazon."
I like this machine... It works very smoothly and comfortable to use.
I love my new sewing machine!
"After using it for four months doing minimal sewing, it needed over $100 in maintenance work.  I don't think it is nearly as well made as the old singer machine I have and am glad I kept."
"This machine has a lot of features I really like such as easy threading, speed control, an up and down stitch, and a larger table surface. I wanted a machine I could afford that would sew as well as be appropriate for my beginning status quilting. I succeeded."
Dream machine.
"Extremely impressed with this machine (9960)! As a beginner (never sewn on a machine before), I struggled for more than a week with the Brother CS6000i just trying to sew from corner to corner on 10x10 quilt squares. So many issues with that machine, and I think I finally gave up after 4 squares. A guy in an Amazon truck delivered my Singer 9960 yesterday and I'm already over halfway done with my very first machine sewing project (a 60x80 all white rag quilt). Easy as pie to fill up a bobbin, thread the machine, change pressure feet, change needles, and thread the needle (I watched a lot of YouTube videos first).  This machine is perfect for any beginner, and has enough options for even a long time sewer to be happy. So glad I chose this machine, but wish I had chose it first instead of the other worthless machine."
"The machine is great, except my stitches are messed up... NOT operator error either! I'm not a professional, but definitely experienced. All stitches besides my straight stitch are loose and only look like they're supposed to on my bottom fabric, which is likely a tension issue but adjusting the tension doesn't fix the problem. I've spent countless hours reading the manual, looking up tutorials online, and trial and error. All to no avail.  I tried contacting to return/exchange and was told it's outside the return policy due to the time of year my machine was purchased. So basically unless i'm only sewing a straight stitch (which even those are randomly loose), machine is useless."
I have had this machine for a little over 2 years and have had it repaired 4 times.  The bobbin case is just terrible.  I'm so disappointed that after I spent a ton of money on this machine it doesn't work.  And now I've invested quite a bit more to get it repaired.  This may be my last Singer.
"Best machine I have ever used! It came with an assortment of feet; great for every project. I love the table extension, automatic tension, thread cutter, and led display. Very simple to use and manual is easy to understand when you have questions about how something works."
"This machine is so user friendly! Took it out of the box, read through the manual, and was able to start it up and start trying out some of the stitches. There are so many stitches to choose from, from the basic utility to a crazy amount of decorative to add that little something extra. The suggested length and width suggestions are nice, an easy place to start for choosing what is best for the project. This is my first computerized machine, I was using a Singer Promise before, and I have found this machine easy to adapt to and so fun to use. The universal hard case fits perfectly, I found I just pushed the arm side up as far against the base piece (against the side of the bottom) and it latches with no problems.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-611-BR-Universal-Hard-Carrying-Case-for-Most-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machines/dp/B000WOM50W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case for Most Free-Arm Sewing Machines</a>"
"Poor Quality Machine. This is my second machine through amazon, the first one the automatic threader completely broke and a plastic piece fell down into the machine and it stopped sewing. The second machine I received, the automatic threader never worked, it would not catch the thread. I figured that was a minor problem, but soon enough (a week later) the machine was making a grinding noise when sewing. Mind you, I have only had the machine for 5 weeks! The fifth week I contact Amazon and requested want a replacement. They advised me to contact Singer first, which I did. Singer wanted me to send/take the machine down NC (I live in VA), to nearest warranty place and they couldn't give me an estimated time frame of when I could receive the machine back. They are were not willing to pay shipping to and from warranty place. I contacted Amazon again as this is an almost $400 machine (!), my second machine with same problem (1), and I am using this to run a business so I don't have time for games. Amazon and their excellent customer service agreed to return the machine and refund my money. The machine is now $30 more than when I purchased it - not sure why. I'm very disappointed in the works of this machine and Singer. I understand that after 30 day return window they want to be able to replace the machine, but based on my history with the first machine and the time for them to replace the items, this is not acceptable. An automatic threader is a very basic function on a sewing machine, for this to not work on not 1 but 2 machines I find very odd. I have also read several reviews stating the same thing in regards to the automatic threader. Overall the machine has a lot of good features, in which I was not able to try them all as it broke! I will be looking at another machine while returning this one. Buyer be aware!"
Walking foot/even feed foot does not work like it should.  I still get puckering like the general purpose foot.  Otherwise it has all the bells and whistles.  I am disappointed to know that it is a 2010 model when I thought it was a brand new one.
worked great for about a week.nothing but problems since then.junk!
Has a learning curve especially on knits and learning what button to push.
"Received my 9960 Stylist today, very quick indeed.  I have already used it and so far love it.  It sews through the thick project I have been working on with no problem.  It is quiet and I love the fact that it cuts thread, saves time, thread and mess.  The only disappointment was the size of the machine is not what I expected.  In a previous question,  I was told the machine measured overall with extension attached 17x12 which would have been perfect, but it is 21""longx10""w (overall from back of machine to end of extension)  so I will have to have an  extension made to fit the machine to the desk I plan on sitting it in.  Otherwise I think it is going to be great..."
"Worked well...for a couple of months, with the exception of the automatic button holer, which never worked.  First, the automatic needle centering stopped centering the needle.  Got around it by adjusting the needle position, but it kept getting worse.  Now, at just barely over 1 year old, and having done less than a dozen projects, the thread tensioning is broken, and the machine no longer sews.  For the record, I have more than 40 years of experience sewing, so it isn't from lack of knowledge on how to use the machine.  This is disappointing, because Singer used to be one of the best, but I have a 1919 Necci-Elna that is more reliable than this thing.  Going back to my 20+ year old Kenmore."
"Automatic threading does not work well.  In fact the replacement did not work well and thus I returned the replacement machine and keeps the first machine.

I received a part for Automatic threading from Singer and that was replaced to use the first machine and it worked well for about a week.  Then the automatic threading stopped working again, as mentioned above.

Thus,tomorrow I will call Sibger to send a part for automatic threading.

Summary:  I keeps the first machine since it is better than the second replacement machine.  But the first one still has a problem."
"Its a big, beautiful machine. Comes with lots of accessories and rich with features. (Sew! many stitch selections and combination options) It does so many things, possibilities really are endless. I did have some issues with thread breakage, but please take your skills, the tension and quality of your thread choice into consideration. With anything new there's always a learning curve. Practice and experiment on scraps before starting on actual projects. Get a feel for your machine first and you will be successful. Love your machine and it will return the favor."
Great product and great buy worth the $
"I really do like it so far. Works very quitelooks stylish  and it's easy to use . It's a little bit heavily when I need to take it to my sewing classes  but I am strong   lol 
I was very disappointed when it came without a plastic box to transport it when needed .
It has only light plastic cover .
Now I am looking to buy an additional  transportation carry-on box for my lovely machine... And  they are expensive "
"I bought this for my wife on our wedding anniversary after reading many reviews on Amazon. Singer has been here for ages. My mother used to used one when we were growing up. Those were bulky and came with leg peddle.
My first impression on the new Singer - A Great looking machine- compact, sleek, portable, digital and full of features. But we are still exploring. Delivery was on time and the machine came well packaged.
For novice user, it would have been nice if the package included video instructions (CD/DVD) rather than manual. Thought I heard that videos were available on YouTube. A very steep learning curve before we can explore all its features."
"I hope Singer reads these reviews. I'd give it 0 stars if amazon would let me.  NEVER buying another singer product. This machine broke after 3 months of usage. Under warranty so we took it to a repair center where it has been SITTING for 4 weeks. The repair center says the $2 part has yet to arrive. Singer tells them its coming but it still never arrives. Its not like this is some antique machine, it is brand new and was bought in Oct of 2015. Its now March of 2016. If their warranty is this lousy, its like you don't have a warranty at all and I will never buy another one of their products again."
"Nice & easy transaction. Received when promised. I love the machine. Makes me look like a seamstress. Love,love,love"
"So far it meets all of my needs and I would rate it five stars, it's wonderful to try new things and stiches,thank you."
LOVE IT! CAN'T GET A BETTER MACHINE then this! I've ALWAYS had Singers! And Won't change........this will most likely be my last! Why get another when this does EVERYTHING! The bobbin NEVER jams up and I ALWAYS have PERFECT tension! There's tons of stitches to pick from. I've used heavy fabric and never had any trouble using it! I can't say enough good about this SUPER MACHINE!!!! It's VERY portable and light weight as well. EASY for carting around the house IF you need to!!!
"i actually love this machine. my partner bought it for my birthday. i am very sad to say none of the bonus accessories were sent with it. i have none of the items nec to use the functions of this great machine. cant figure out how to get them :-(

we did get the parts! thank you!"
Im in love with this sewing machine!! Im not a biginner.. Im not a professional... But this machine is sooo worth the money!
Amazing machine! I love it!
Best sewing machine I ever owned.
Perfect for what the does
"GREAT SEWING MACHINE! The price was wonderful. It has so many applications. I highly recommend this machine. I am not a pro at sewin,, but I can use this machine withe ease."
"very good machine, great features"
very quiet.  don't use the quilting features but everything else I love.  easy to use.  watch the instructional videos on youtube.  they're great.
"I needed a new machine and looked all around at higher pricing ones but decided on this one. I do quilting but lots of other projects as well so I purchased some additional feet to be able to do more. So far I have used it for a table runner, mending and also made a quilt with three layers of batting - I love it - great machine for the price!"
"I am enjoying my new machine!!  I really love the automatic thread cutter!  My only gripe about this machine is the bobbin lid, though I press the button to remove the bobbin, the lid does not pop up all the way.  I have adjusted by keeping a pin nearby to help lift the lid."
"Got this to get into quilting.  Great machine.  Runs well, no problems and has a lot of options.  Like that I can run it slow.  I did have some problems, but turned out to be an issue with the thread.  Don't use super cheap thread and you will be fine"
Even a beginner or an expert will enjoy this machine. Had so many options that it will fulfill all if your needs. Have had zero problems. It's a fabulous machine!
My favorite of 7 sewing machines!
Love it it does all the thing I want to do. My sister and sister-in-law are perfesonial sewer's and they are helping with my 9960 and they love it.
"This machine is inferior.  Maybe it is the machine that I received but I have used it for two weeks, received it one month ago, and the bobbin does not wind properly.  I took a private lesson with a professional seamstress so I know it is not me.  I am returning this machine and replacing with another model."
"Love, love, love this machine!!!"
It is so quiet. I exactly what I was look for.  A great buy!
"great machine,great  price,fast service.thanks"
"I have had this machine less than a week. Prior to this I had not sewn before. The machine is beautiful and easy to use even for a beginner like me. Manual is easy to understand. Other than that I cant give much more feedback, I will share more in a few months when I have some more input with my experiences."
This is the worst singer product I have ever used!  The product bangs and breaks needles.  returned this product
One awesome machine
i love this sewing machine!!  very quiet and sews like butter.
"I got this for my wife for Christmas to replace an older Brother ""starter"" sewing machine.  The ease of use and robustness of the unit has opened up a whole new world of sewing for her.  She actually made a dress!"
"I am completely in love with this machine!  It was to replace an old Singer, 15years old, that my skills had out grown.  I just used the Zipper Foot today, and I could not believe how easy it was to use.  The needle threader is quite a nice bonus as my vision has become not as good for manual threading these days.  I am so excited to keep trying all the different features on this machine.  For a beginner I would also recommend this machine, social media makes it easy to see and learn how to use all the different presser feet and different stich options, so don't be afraid to buy this machine if you are a beginner.  I have always used Singer brand and don't plan on switching anytime soon."
Works good.  I am back to machine quilting again with this.
"I have an old Singer Sears fully mechanical sewing machine that was made in 2005. This new Singer 9980 is a dream to use. Auto tensioning is wonderful, stitch selection is great, customization is just awesome.

I couldn't find much difference between the 9980 and the 9985 other than a touch screen and a few more stitches. I decided to save a couple of hundred dollars and go with the 9980. It's perfect and I love it. It has already worked through some thicker fabrics easily.

The electronic thread cutter and auto needle threader are awesome. No more wasting precious minutes to find my scissors (again) or trying to get thread through that tiny needle!

Speed control is also a dream. My old machine of course did not have speed control, and the foot pedal was very touchy and would start out too fast with the slightest pressure. Not this, it starts out slow and stays slow if you wish.

All the accessories are really nice and I found myself with a bunch of cool presser feet I can't wait to use!

This machine is very easy to thread. The only tip I can give is to hold the bobbin in place when you are threading it, don't let it turn and hold the thread taut when threading. The one and only time my thread looked like the tension was off, was because there was too much slack in the thread around the bobbin in the bobbin holder."
"I read a ton of reviews before I ordered this machine!  At least 90% of them had this one listed in the top 10.  I was very excited to find it on Amazon at an excellent price.  I have not had the opportunity to do much with it yet but so far I am very impressed.  I was able to start practising right out of the box simply by following the manual page by page.  I have sewn for years but this is my first computerized model.  It is so much quieter than my old Singer which was one of the things in the reviews.  I have wanted a machine with precision sewing for years and finally have it!  The self threading feature was also a plus for me and it worked like a dream when I followed the picture directions in the manual.  The extra expanding table work space is great as well.  Other positives are the thread cutter, the storage compartment for the accessories, the hard carrying case and all the extra feet.  At this point I have nothing but raves for this sewing machine!"
"So far so good.. I'm quite happy with the machine. I'm a beginner, but didn't have too much trouble setting it up and using it. I live in australia, so I was very happy that the machine made it here in one piece. Packaging was pretty good.

Only thing I was a bit disappointed by was that I didn't know it could only accept 120 volts (in Aus we use 240 volts). Still, I got a step-down transformer and since then it's been plain sailing.

The stitches are pretty good, especially it's got a lot of fancy decorative stitches. However when using the lettering stitches, all the letters are connected together by a thread which doesn't look as nice. Not sure if i can cut the intervening thread or not... perhaps it would be ok if i bookended every letter with an anchor stitch. The machine came with a lot of feet & useful accessories.

All-in-all, very happy with the machine, but it's still early days. :) I'm a beginner so I have no other machines to compare with."
I love the machine! Although it was missing the Darning/Embroidery Presser Foot and I can't find where to purchase one. I guess I should have made sure I had all the parts and accessories right away.
"Love this machine! I bought this machine over a year ago and it is now my ""go to"" sewing machine. I have pushed this machine to the max and it has taken it all."
"Absolutely love this machine. Easy to learn to use. Works very well on thick fabrics, which is why I bought it.  Love that it came with all the extra feet."
"I really like the brand so I bought this one as a gift to a friend abroad. Once I received it, the packaging was so great that I didn't want to tear it open to give it a try before shipping it to my friend in Egypt. Once it arrived safely to my friend, he used a suitable 220/110 transformer to power it on, but power led didn't change its color, and I was greeted with an empty screen, with no figures at all. I took it to the SINGER official agent in Egypt, who refused to fix it as he claimed that he never dealt with this model before. The agent recommend visiting ""The Brother""'s agent saying that both brands are similar. Brothers' agent suspected that one of the 3 electronic boards is not working. Returning it to AMAZON is more expensive than buying a new one due to the international shipping cost. I don't know what to do"
"I love this machine, have only had it a few weeks.it c works great. Comes with a hard case, which is very nice, plus all the accessories."
Nice machine but it has issues with thread feeding from the top spool. I don't have bobbin issues since I made sure to use the correct bobbin based on the review of others.
"Wife gets teased at the quilt club for buying a Singer, but it gets used every day, and she loves it.  Really!  No problems."
"Love this machine! Favorite utility feature: cuts the thread for you. Actually too many features to rave about all of them. Only con: reverse stitch is slower than I like. I prefer to do a quick backtack at the beginning and end of seams, but it's not a deal-breaker. There's probably a good reason for it."
This sewing machine has earned it's #1 on Consumer Reports standing. It is so easy to use. It does everything I can imagine. I will never use all of its functions. Getting it at Amazon for a great discount was also a major plus for me.
"I returned this machine. I don't know why but the machine blocked after only one use. When I fix it, after a second it will block again."
Although this is a beautiful machine I didn't have optimal use.  There is no singer support center in my country.
"What a beautiful dream of a machine! I am thrilled with this machine and with Singer for offering this model. 600 STITCHES! OMG the thread cutter alone is worth the purchase! Runs so smooth and easy to use right out of the box. This is now at the top of my list of my machines. What more could you ask for?  I am so excited for all the projects and stitch options that I can experiment with. Genius, Singer, Genius! Tons of accessories and it even came with a hard case and extension table!"
"Love this machine! It is so very easy to learn and use.  My other machine was over 30 years old, so this one seems like a cadillac!"
great machine
"Can not believe what I was missing before I got mine; I sew more than ever because it does such a great job. Don't have to stop for any problems like my old one, recommend 100% for anyone that likes to sew!"
Great value and machine
I am well satisfied with my sewing machine and the shipping of it. Thanks
I absolutely love this machine. I is so much nicer than my old machine which is 24 years old. Have tried sewing with different fabrics and it sews fantastic.
"I wouldn't even give it one star.  It was inferior from the start. My son in law took it to a Singer Sewing and repair store  and was told not to even try to have it repaired. there was another machine in the store waiting to be repaired, it had been waiting on parts for two months. the man told my son not to buy another Singer machine due to poor quality nowadays with the company. My granddaughter has had problems with it since she opened it two weeks after Christmas. It is pretty bad when I order the first time from Amazon and I receive a bad product."
Great value.
The problem with this machine is it won't sew over seams; any little bulk. I am told some of these machines you can not adjust the tension of the presser foot. So it sits in the bag and I am out all this money. I will have a certified singer repairman look at it and hopefully he can fix the issue.
Love it!
"I can't begin to tell you how happy I am with this purchase! I'm like a kid in a candy store with a full pocket of money. I am so glad that I paid for the version with the most stitches, because they really are worth it and there are so many of them! It's a very high end machine and I couldn't be happier!"
"good product, great price"
My wife was very happy with the machine
It's a great machine with several amazing resources and very cheap if you compare to other similar.
fantastic so far!
Has been a good machine
I purchase this to replace my 28 yr old Kenmore and I couldn't have asked for a better machine.  I read the manual since it has so many options that my old machine didn't have and I've found it very easy to use.
"I don't know much about seeing, but it was really easy to set up and I hemmed some curtains. It runs so quiet and smooth compared to my ancient brother machine."
"This is an amazing machine for the price.  I was hesitant to purchase a computerized machine since I am so far away from a service center.  But the pre-Christmas price was so good I couldn't resist, and I'm so glad. It is so much more versatile than any machine I've owned before.  There is a learning curve for all the features on this machine (and I'm an experienced sewer).  I suggest viewing the excellent YouTube videos."
"I like the machine - just wish it had better instructions.  I went from a 1970s model to this so it is quite different and, at times, very difficult to find the function I want."
"Everything is good, and got here on time."
"I love this machine!  Especially the needle threading.  Very easy to use & has so many features. I've been sewing since grade school & consider myself an intermediate sewer.  I've only had my machine a month, so can't say how long it will last, but no problems so far & the machine seems to be well made.  Also found a site on YouTube that gives you step by step videos of all the features and how to use them.  Very helpful.  I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone from beginner to advanced."
"I see there are some extensive reviews for this machine and the skeptical side of me wonders if these glowing reviews are paid reviewers instead of actual customers. I am a quilter and dreamed of having a sewing machine with the Quantum's  features. I watched You Tube videos showing this Singer's features and dreamed of being able to have such a sophisticated machine. so, my wonderful hubby bought this as a surprise for Christmas. Like some reviewers I was in total love at first opening the box and tried all the features within the first week. I too was very in love with the automatic cutter and the beautiful stiches. I took the machine to a 4 day quilt retreat some distance away. I sewed on it 2 days without incident and then it simply stopped feeding the bottom thread and started eating my fabric.  This should not have happened, as I was sewing 2 pieces of cotton together. A professional sewing dealer was at the retreat and she helped me blow out the machine with air, helped me remove and reinsert the bobbin holder to no avail. I got to sit the next 2 days at a quilters retreat with no machine to use.  Thanks Singer. I would hope your machine could stand up to more use then just 2 days before some small part somewhere went on the fritz.  I can tell you that the 45 woman at the retreat are talking about the machine- and not in a favorable light.  I do not recommend this machine as obviously it will not hold up under heavy sewing or a lot of use."
"This is an update review.  I bought this machine in February of 2015, and have used it a fair amount.  The machine is easy to operate, and for the most part sews well.  However, DO NOT buy this machine if you are wanting to to sew any heavy fabrics.  I have been sewing for 42 yrs, so I'm not a newcomer. You cannot hem jeans properly with this machine unless they are made of light weight denim. The machine will NOT sew over the side seams.  I do a fair amount of home decor sewing. This machine does not sew cotton home decor fabric (such as Duck) unless is its light weight. Even with the proper heavy duty denim needles, the machine will not push the needle through the fabric. Makes a racheting/stripping the gears sound. The machine sews light weight fabrics very well. The owners manual says it will sew denim.  I beg to differ. I would not buy this machine again."
It doesn't deserve one star the machine was horrible it had problems from the start I will never buy a singer machine again
easy to use does everything
I just started sewing and I love this machine. I am able to make clothes that someone would want wear with the different feet that's included and the directions on how and when to use them.
Love this. Delivered in two days.
IT does not sew over very thick fabric stitches not even. It will not hem jeans or sew through layers of binden and quilt to put the binden on. I did keep this machine but also bought the 9980 and it has enough power to get the job done just wish I had bought it first and saved my money on this machine. The 9960 just doesn't have enough power to get the job done.
"I wanted to wait until I was able to use the machine before submitting a rating.  It's great, I do like the machine!!!  I replaced my 30 year old White and the Singer is awesome.  The only downfall to this purchase was three of the presser feet did not fit the machine.  Unfortunately, one of the feet was the piping foot, which I was hoping to use; what a disappointment!!!"
"I purchased this machine as a gift. My wife had an old White with problems, parts for it were unavailable, it was unusable. Now with this new Singer life has become much more pleasant. I say that all you have to do is throw the material at it and it sews itself. Not quite that easy but it sure is nice moving into a computerized machine. Projects are getting done that have been piling up for a while. And she's happy with its performance and can't wait to use more of its settings!"
"Love my new sewing machine.  I haven't had a tremendous time to play with it yet, but what I have done has been amazing.  Considering this machine replaced a 40-year-old machine, it wouldn't take much to impress me.  However, the Quantum Stylist has exceeded my expectations."
"This was my first sewing machine.  I love how easy it was to learn how to sew, I taught myself by watching videos and reading blogs. I really love all the stitches this machine has. The ideas are endless and sewing has easily become my favorite thing to do. I couldn't be happier with this amazing Singer. I would recommend highly."
I like it a lot.  I make a lot of self binding receiving blankets for family and friends and the loads of decorative stitches will come in very handy as well as being able to personalize each gift with the baby's name.  Sews very smoothly and I love the cutting thread option.  Easy to use.
Excellent machine
"I have used my mothers 1960singer machine all my life.  Am keeping it, but wanted something a little more modern to start quilting.  This machine is perfect for my needs.  Have finished a baby quilt, started on the other machine.  You can see the difference.  I got the whole package--cover, extra large table, extra feet, etc.; if you have thread and fabric you are sewing the minute it is out of the box. Very happy with this purchase."
I haven't touched a sewing machine in 20 years since making a pillow in junior high home ec. This machine is awesome! Easy to use played around with a few stitches and then made my first doggie pj's. The pattern was more difficult to understand than the sewing machine directions.
"When I researched possible replacements for my 1988 Kenmore sewing machine, this was one of the top hits. I initially passed on the selection because the digital selection looked overwhelming. After reading online reviews and the owners manual, I decided to give it a try. The machine arrived last week and I am very happy with it. The learning curve is very fast. I love how easy it is to move the needle laterally so I can edge stitch while having the pressure foot aligned with the edge of the fabric.

To be clear, I'm a man with an extensive woodworking shop who loves gadget. The reason I was concerned about easy of use, was not for fear of understanding, but how quickly I could get up and running on a new machine."
"So far very impressed. Videos on line great to show how to use.  Only complaint so far, no dvd to show how to use."
great for machine quilting
I selected 2 stars not for the quality of the machine. I am sure the machine is wonderful. I am very unhappy with the service at Singer. My machine unfortunately arrived with no bonus accessories. I called customer service (they were very nice on the phone) and I was told what steps I needed to talk to receive the missing parts. I did what I was asked and after a week I receive an email asking for the same information a second time with a reminder that the machine needed to be purchased from an authorized dealer. I was so anxious to begin sewing  and learning about this machine. But again all I can do is to continue to wait for the shipment to be made complete.
"The BEST option, it totally worth the price. The sawing machine is perfect, a great option. International buyers be careful with electricity supply especifications, it works with 120v 60Hz polarized supply."
"New sewer... Mom walked me through putting the thread on... Other than that, this thing was cake. I learned out of hs how to sew once, didn't retain much from the experience except that it made me mad because it kept jamming up. This things like butter and I've been able to sew baby bibs while being in on partial bed rest during pregnancy. I have anxiety and adhd and if I get frustrated... I'm likely to quit. This could be confusing to people who are not technologically savvy, but it seems simple to me. My mom has the 9960 version of this and was worried I was getting in over my head by buy a nice machine, but I'm glad I invested in a nice machine. Now I have a new hobby!!!"
"I like this machine a lot. I ordered it here on Amazon and I've had it for about 3 years now. Wanted to wait to write a review! I've used this machine on all kinds of materials including lots of canvas and even vinyl. The heaviest thing I've sewn on it were faux leather (vinyl) purse straps which I had to sew through 4 layers of!! After adjusting the tension, it handled very well and did a great job. I've also sewn through those layers of vinyl on top of a very firm/thick layer of canvas on a very heavy weight stabilizer!! (As in sewing those purse straps onto the purse body which was constructed out of canvas and heavy heavy weight stabilizer).. So yes this machine can do heavy duty!! I've never had it break down or any major issues. I love that it comes with tons of presser feet. I most often use a walking foot because, well, why not!? Walking foot always gives the best results, in my opinion (maybe because I'm a lazy sewer who doesn't like to pin or iron or baste or any of that! Lol)... I recently used the embroidery portion on 5 pillows I made for a lady out of her grandpas old button up shirts. That feature came in handy for sure!! While you can't do anything too big or fancy with the embroidery, it still has its pros, and I didn't buy this to do embroidery anyway. One day I'll have the money to buy a real deal embroidery machine.
Conclusion- great machine! Great price! I only learned to sew a little over 3 years ago on a Kenmore machine I borrowed from a friend, when I saw that I loved to sew and decided it was time to buy my own machine, I searched around a read a lot and this is what I decided to go with, and I'm glad I did!"
"This is my first computerized sewing machine. I am still a beginner, but wanted something I could grow into. I currently use the design stitches to make quilted fabrics for my projects (example: zippered pouches). This sewing machine has made me excited to learn more and more. I have had difficulties with my other sewing machine in trying to put the right amount of pressure on the pedal while sewing. With the 9960, I have the option of just using the start/stop button and using the slide to adjust the speed of my sewing; this option has been a life saver for me. :)"
"So I had a Brother machine for my first sewing machine (I have sewn on really old machines, this was my second brand new one), and I have to say I liked it better. First big difference: on a Brother, the plate over your bobbin/base machinery is plastic and easily removable for cleaning. On this Singer, its metal and you have to remove 2 screws to get to everything. Very annoying. Second: This thing is very picky about different thread quality, the way its threaded has to be exact, and it trips up all the time. Thirdly: I've broken or bent so many needles since I bought it, its ridiculous. I think I've gone through 5 needles in one day of sewing. Its so picky! And high maintenance. Thankfully, I'm great at troubleshooting and I'm a technician by trade, so I can deal with it, but I'd rather not. This will be the last Singer I ever buy, and I have heard my issues are common with Singers. On the other side of the coin, I love the cut button (which is, ironically, the reason I bought it in the first place) and I do like the basic embroidery with fonts (words) that it can do. I can punch in my co-worker's nickname, Vintage Rob, and it will sew that on his hat. Pretty cool. Nothing fancy mind you, just a simple stitch."
"Fabulous machine! I've been practicing on it for about a month now. I love it, it's so quiet and offers so many options.
To prevent bird nesting down below I don't use the scissor button but use the blade on the left (or actual scissors) to cut the thread instead. By doing this I have had no nesting problems.
What I like about this machine is that it is pretty simple to use and relatively self explanatory. I was worried about getting something really fancy like this coming from my previous machine that is a really old, basic, dinosaur. This was simple enough to figure out and I looooove the options."
"I was so excited to ""upgrade"" to this machine. I bought it based on reviews I read and based on the Singer name. Within the first 6 months, I had to send it to the Singer repair center (only 1 located in the entire state of Michigan). The tension discs were not working properly and there is no way for you to access or fix these on your own. The machine also would sew fine for an hour or so but then it would start knocking and the thread would bunch up on the bottom. When I got the machine back, the tension issue was fixed but it would still occasionally knock and bunch. Thankfully this happened within the first year so it was covered by the 1 year warranty.

I have now owned this machine for a year and a half and I am having yet another major problem. Now while I am sewing along, all of a sudden the bobbin casing twirls around about 45 degree which immediately breaks the needle. I called Singer customer service last Friday and was on hold for 3 HOURS and never got to talk to anyone. I called back after the weekend and waited for only 45 minutes for someone to take my call. I told the gentleman the history of my machine and I was told that the only thing that could be done was for me to pay to ship my machine to them and pay to have them fix it again. I asked to speak to his supervisor and he transferred me to a voicemail. I have yet to get a return call.

If I had it to do over again I ABSOLUTELY WOULD NOT purchase this machine or any other Singer. Singer machines are not what they used to be and neither is their customer support."
"Upgrading from a 3 year old Singer Simple that died on me.  This machine is well built and sturdy compared to the low end one I'm upgrading from.  Extremely quiet even when sewing fast, which is a big deal for me because my Simple always sounded like I was sewing bricks - and the only time i have to sew is when my kids are napping.  I've only been using it for a couple of days but love it already.  It's been very easy to figure out.  Manual is very clear and easy to understand."
Awesome machine! It has so many of the extras which sure does make sewing easier and more fun.
"I love this machine. You don't need to spend thousands of dollars, this machine does it all."
"One of the best sewing machine for the money. It is very quite. And the accessory's alone is worth buying this machine. It has every kind of foot that you will ever need for everyday sewing.
Update 6-28-2017 within the first year of having the machine. The automatic threader stopped working."
"I bought this for my wife for Christmas, she is absolutely in love with all of the functions, stitching patterns, buttons, button holes, and everything else it can do.

I wouldn't recommend the higher models as this one 9960 is more robust from the components within.

I found this for $282 with prime, I had to watch for a few weeks, as that the prices fluctuate om Amazon sometimes."
"Great machine. Took some time getting use to it, my last machine was over 25years old."
"Does everything as promised. Cant leave it alone, always want to make stuff"
Met expectations
"I absolutely love my Singer 9960, I loved it so much that I purchased one for my daughter for Christmas.  I'm sure she would love it as well IF she could actually use it and the electrical cord wasn't missing.  I ALWAYS purchase my Christmas before October and of course their ""policy"" on fixing this problem or replace/refund has expired on Amazon.  Leaving me to go online and purchase something that should have been included!!  Very irritating."
The feet fall off from the shank making it impossible to sew without frustration.  I contacted Singer to send a new shank over a month ago.  It still has not arrived.  I returned and replaced the first sewing machine for the very same problem only to have the replacement present with the same problems.  Otherwise it would have been a nice machine with a few limitations.
"I learned to sew on grandma's Singer treadle machine when I was 8, and I never stopped.  My machines have served me well, and lasted decades without problems and, truthfully, I only changed machines to have an automatic one-step buttonhole maker.  My daughter, who is really into leather work, borrowed my trusty Brother sewing machine, so I was looking for an affordable machine for her that could sew leather.  My research came up with the Singer 9960 Quantum as one of the top 5 sewing machines, that could also sew leather.  I then stumbled upon a wonderful series of 16 YouTube videos by Strikesmyfancy at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JVYWJkIeyI that shows you how to rock out this machine.  Roxanne who made the videos explains this machine brilliantly.  I bought 2 machines and gave one to my daughter for an early Christmas present.  Her interest in sewing has skyrocketed from zero to 100.  She sends me pictures every day showing me the progress on the quilt she is making.  The most basic features I love most are: I can see how much thread is on the bobbin, it stops in the needle down (or up) position, it cuts the thread with the push of a button and once the thread is cut I can simply continue sewing with no strings at the start or end of the seam, and I don't have to put my hand on the wheel to give it that little bit of oomph to get it started like every other machine I have owned.  I love this machine and would have paid Amazon's price just for these features.  However, I plan to explore every feature this machine has to offer - when I get the time."
"The shipping was so fast and even delivered on a Sunday...winning! I wasn't expecting it at all. I've heard so many good reviews about this machine, however, I haven't had a chance to use it just yet. I will say, it looks amazing and I'm sure I'll be quiet happy. It came with all kinds of good stuff. I'm a beginner so wish me luck!"
"Received this as a gift for Christmas. As part of the package, I got the additional accessories (including a bias binder foot). Unfortunately, when I tried to use the foot, it did not fit in the clip (the foot snap-on port was too narrow). The number etched into the foot is 412-9850, but it is definitely not compatible with the machine it came with. A little disappointed that it would come with something that didn't fit the machine.

EDIT:
Turns out the sewing machine came with a separate shank just for this (and a few other) foot pedals. Look for the little white shank for others having this issue."
Works great so far for my mother
"This machine is sooooo beyond amazing.  It out sews my $1100 machine by far.  I can't say enough about it.  I've tried out all of the specialty stitches on several fabrics.  Perfection even on stretch lame fabric, cheap satin , minkee, and cotton folded over 6 times !!!! .  Sp easy to use that I even sewed on a button....instrad of  by hand .  It came with a bias binding foot that blew me away.

Highly recommend this machine to anyone that needs an awesome machine with all the bells and whistles.
As a prime member,  I'm always satisfied with Amazon easy return and customer satisfaction.  So much so that I bought the 2 year warranty.  Only $17!!

Btw.  Amazon seriously is like magical for shipping.  I got my new toy not even 24 hours later !  Even in the crazy temperamental weather.

P.s.s.  there is an amazing Facebook group called Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 .  Join there if your undecided."
"Nice machine, I have not tried all the features yet.  Made gifts for 14 people for Christmas- it did the work with minor complaining!"
"This was a gift, but according to my wife it is so easy to use (she is a beginner), and the pillow covers she started with look perfect to me, as do the curtains."
"Oh, how I love this machine.  It is all I ever wanted in a sewing machine and more.

After a year of heavy use, this machine is still awesome.  So glad to have purchased it."
"This machine is amazing!  Couldn't find a better deal on a machine like this online!  It is a great replacement to my old machine and was a much needed addition to my quilting & crafting!  Haven't had a chance to use all that it offers, but so pleased with the functionality, quality, and sound of the machine!  A great addition for anyone who sews at home!"
"Ohh so much better than the old Singer Simple it replaced, off to quilt!"
"Merry Christmas & this is going to be returned.  So far it hasn't been what I'm looking for in a sewing machine to replace my 1974 Sears Kenmore which has been serviceable. But really wanted a new one since I wanted to resume hobby sewing etc.  The bobbin & threading are cumbersome to say the least.  The first time out the stitching was very irregular.  Again, with all the bells & whistles/computer technology I didn't expect such an archaic machine.  At this point in my life I want a self-winding/threading machine which self-calibrated.  I so appreciated the gift but since it has been 40 years between machines I really like a machine which is has additional features or features which this machine doesn't offer. I so appreciate my husband's research & purchase just am going to explore other machines. Additional comments: The machine easily jammed. This required using the screwdriver to remove the plate.  The screwdriver is longer then the space for removing the screws which results in a cumbersome process to correct an issues.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9960-Quantum-Stylist-600-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine-with-Extension-Table-Bonus-Accessories-and-Hard-Cover/dp/B004RDH7Y8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with Extension Table, Bonus Accessories and Hard Cover</a>"
4 stars because there is no manual in the box. Why would a product like this not have a manual included?
"The 1st one I got did not work, Amazon swapped it out no problem.  The second one does not work either, there is a circuit board loose (i can see it) and the machine hits it when I try to go into reverse.  I bought it a year ago, just got the REPLACEMENT for the broken one out to use for the 1st time, and discovered that it is also broken...seems like Singer does not = quality to me.  I know it's part my fault for waiting, but i went to sew Christmas stockings and found that the second machine is also broken.

I am very disappointed with a brand I thought was good quality, my mom still uses her 45+ year old Singer...but this one is not anywhere close in quality.  This is the second one that is useless."
Just received this machine and I love it! It's so quiet and the fabric just glides through! This machine is very easy to use and you tube has great videos to show you everything you need to know! The best part for me is that it cuts your thread! I highly recommend this machine
Loving this sewing machine.
"After reading the mixed reviews here, I decided to try the Singer Quantum 9960 for myself. (It cost the same at Singer's website, but I saw WAY too many complaints about the crappy service when something goes wrong. I'm so glad I looked at Amazon! I was able to buy a 2 year plan for it for only $27! Not to mention I saw Amazon was quick to help those who had some issue with their machine.)

Once I got it set up, I immediately started sewing a table runner. The stitches are even and tension perfect! I read where someone said the fabric gets chewed up unless you start sewing far into the fabric, but that isn't happening to me at all! I can start sewing right at the edge and even back stitch to lock the stitch and it doesn't pull the fabric down under the needle then either.  It comes with so many feet that I can't imagine anyone not having every foot they may ever need!

The extension table doesn't fit flush against the bed, and when I read a woman's complaint about that, I thought perhaps it might bother me, but it really doesn't ? I don't even notice it at all while I'm sewing.

I haven't tried the many stitches it has yet, but I do plan on making a sampler of them soon as one person suggested.

I'm quite happy I decided to buy it, and I would recommend it to others for sure!"
"I have a very expense machine that I never use anymore.  This is my favorite go to sewing machine for quilting and regular sewing.  Easy to use and a super good price for one that does so much.  I have limited vision so the needle threader, built in scissors for thread cutting as well as the other feature are wonderful.  Love the table extension also.  You can't go wrong with it.  My daughter and a friend also bought one and love it."
"Really amazing machine for the price. I started having problems with mine though, within a few months after buying it new. Might be a tension issue or a bobbin thing. I get underside looping and locking up/jamming. I have tried different stitches, different lengths, different tensions, different fabric, different thread, and different needles but it is the same no matter what factor I change. I've taken it to Mulqueen in Mesa AZ, which is the one official Singer Service Center in the Metro Phoenix area, and they will let me know soon what is wrong with it. It's under warranty so I won't have to pay for the repair or part, luckily.

My friend and sewing student has the same model (she had it first and I loved it so much I bought it too!) but she still hasn't had a single problem with hers, so mine could just be a lemon, but I thought I read somewhere else that there were tension issues with this model, kind of like what I am experiencing. But if you get the warranty and have an official singer service center near you, you'll be fine! (But you can't return it to Amazon after 30 days from purchase date)."
"After purchasing this machine, i have became my wife's favorite person..."
"I replaced a nearly 40 year old machine with this and I am in sewers heaven.  I haven't  even started to do all the things this machine can do!  I have sewn some heavy items and it works great, you just need to slow down for thick projects."
I love this sewing machine!
So happy.
So glad I bought this! I had a begnner machine for years and this machine is a PIECE OF CAKE to use and has so many options that I haven't even used yet. Love the digital. I love the back up and the cutting buttons. So simple. It is so fun to use. So smooth. Never messes up like my old machine. Easy to change out the threads. I have an Etsy business and sew different fabrics and felt and this is a breeze.
I've had mine for two years and the only issue is when it is saying it has a bobbin issue it needs to be rethreaded. I don't know why but it solves the issue. Great little machine. I use mine many hours a week with no problems.
"Great, fab, total WIN"
I really like the table for my quilting and the machine is so easy to use. I would recommend it to sewers that are not experts. It's a great machine to learn on. Love it.
Product jams and breaks. Returned the first one in a month and received a replacement that just broke with barely 6 months of use.
"I was super excited to purchase this machine. I'm a pretty new sewer. I've been sewing for 20 years but only small projects, nothing difficult. I was excited about all the features this had for the price. Everything seems perfect and amazing except it doesn't sew straight stitches. It seems that each stitch has a tilt to it so it doesn't look straight. I debated if I should keep it since it seems like such a nice smooth sewing machine and really easy to use but I have decided that I need a straight stitch and I will be sending it back after having it for 4 hours."
"I use this machine every day for piecing and quilting! I'm still shocked by how inexpensive this machine is-it comes with a huge amount of extra features that I haven't seen on any lower priced/entry level machines.  It includes a variety of feet (including a walking foot!...which is usually around $30 alone), an extension table and hundreds of stitches.  The automatic thread cutter is amazing! I don't know how I lived without one for so many years.
I'm an experienced sewer/quilter, but don't have a lot of experience with sewing machines (usually hand stitched everything because other machines I tried were too frustrating to use).  This machine is super easy to use, comes with clear, illustrated instructions, and I was sewing in less than 30 minutes after opening the box.
 I would suggest buying a pack of 15J bobbins, as the ones included aren't as high quality as I would like (the packaged singer brand 15J bobbins work very well, and are inexpensive).  I clean my machine frequently as I use batting, which tends to shed, and the only problems I've had with the machine occurred when I failed to clean it on a regular basis (aka giant lint balls make your machine unhappy). I'd also suggest buying some of the removable/repositionable mounting strips (scotch, command, etc)-I use them to keep the foot pedal from scooting around on my tile floor.  Great machine at an incredible price, I can't say enough good things about it!"
"After Have tried with three diferents machines this is with no doubt the most amazing sewing machine on the market. The stitches are clean, no bird nest except when the bobin is in bad position or is about to end, this machines makes my work look well done, expensive and I have earned confidence in what I do for a living. Thanks singer finally you did it again. Happy sewing everyone! "
Very poor quality
"My wife is a quilter, we purchased this and have been highly satisfied with the Singer 9960 and the price. I would highly recommend."
"I have been sewing for many years on my Singer, which is now 45 years old. Well it recently passed away and I have purchased the greatest Singer machine ever. So easy to use, (of course I read the instruction book 3 times.) I am new to quilting, but my old machine was slow and not easy to perform the tasks a quilter uses. This Singer Quantum is the best thing since slice bread. It can cut the threads, it tacks, it sews a straight line, I absolutely love it. One of the opinions asked about threads at the beginning and end of a seam. Well the gentlemen who answered the question was indeed correct about using the tacking function at the beginning and end of sewing a seam. It works like a dream. The machine is so quiet, my husband even checks on me to see if I am really sewing. I really can't say enough great things about this machine. It is wonderful. I recommend everyone who has those machine for thousands of dollars trade them in for this Singer. The value is unbelievable. I feel like I am just like my friends who sew on one of the more high-end machines."
My husband bought this for me in 12/12 on amazon for Christmas. Love it. Worked great until this summer.  It only sews in reverse now. Took it to a sewing shop. It will cost  $200.00 just to send it in for analysis by singer. I'm back to using my old $79 brother's machine from walmart.
This is a nice machine. Does so many things. Very pleased.
Great buy very nice machine. Glad I bought this machine. I also own a 20 year old Necci sewer and a Babylock Serger. Still love it after one month. No complaints. Use only singer brand bobbins
"Great sewing machine! Tip to save you the nine months of frustration I experienced: make sure to thread your bobbin thread through the small catch in the bobbin well (left side and easy to miss). I missed it and nothing I sewed came out right. I had almost given up when my Aunt, a much more experienced seamstress who had also purchased this machine, came to visit. She was able to perform every task I'd struggled with perfectly and we finally determined that it was because of that simple ""operator error"" on my part.
Get your new machine and start to enjoy sewing again!"
"I absolutely love my singer 9960 Quantum Stylist. So easy to use. Had a singer sewing machine years ago unfortunately it was stolen. Bought off brands, twice, will never make that mistake again!!! It is only Singer I will buy. I also have an older Singer serger which I love also. The 9960 is computerized which concerned me as I am not use to computerized sewing....lol. I found online video tutorials for the Singer 9960 called ""Strikes My Fancy""  Roxann  has created individual video tutorials for every aspect of this machine that you can download. There are 20 or more video tutorials which have helped me. Reading from a manual is fine for some but I seem to pick up things easier by watching someone actually doing it. This was a gift to me from my husband for our 41st wedding anniversary! Love it, love it"
Great machine for the price.
"I do like this machine a lot, BUT have had no luck with 1) fine embroidery thread and 2) sewing over heavier seams.  I go really slow now sewing heavy seams - a stitch at a time and so far, ok.  If you aren't careful you will hear a ""clunk"" sound. Stop immediately and turn it off. Wait a couple mins. and turn back on. It will re-calibrate itself...hopefully. Mine has.  So far as the fine thread, there's a box of embroidery thread here on Amazon that says ""Brother"" but actually, it's Brother colors, not Brother brand. They are really fabulous colors. Major problem: It's so fine it doesn't sew at all! I'll keep trying different things to see if I can use it. The You Tube demonstrator says change the thread cap to one that totally covers the end of the spool -- and that's regardless of this thread or any other. It is polyester thread. She uses rayon 40 wt. (only one I will use if other never works) & Jo-Ann's sells rayon embroidery thread. There is some on Amazon as well.  All other threads work fine on it. Its a quiet machine. Best stitching I've ever seen. Nice lighting. Well worth the 4 stars and was less $ here than anywhere when I bought. A whole booklet you need to read before you start - at least the first half of it...plus the You Tube videos will get you going (9+ I think). And one word of caution...if it even looks like you might be getting a jam under the needle, stop already! Once you've added a few seconds the thread goes where you cannot get to it.  Irregardless, I like it a lot & did re-order the same machine when that happened to me.  Also, love the speed control. Never had that on a machine before. The threader on it didn't work well though, quicker to do a normal threading, faster than most machines anyway. The cutter is super, too. Many more plusses than minuses!"
DO NOT BUY THIS ON AMAZON!!! Singer will not honor the warranty. I have had this sewing machine for 8 months and the feeders stopped working and the tension went out. I had to pay to have it shipped to a Singer warranty center and they will not cover the parts or labor. Save yourself time and money and purchase from a dealer.
I just started using this wonderful machine. Slowly  learning all the many functions and I'm loving sewing with it. Money well spent!
"Great value for the money!  Have every foot I could ever need! Super easy to thread, stitches are perfect, love that I can see the bobbin."
Very good singer
Thank You !!!!
"Bought this to replace a  Kenmore work horse that I have used for 45 years; so it has taken some getting use to  The additional wide bed is wonderful.  It comes with lots of accessories, which is super.  Seems to require too much changing of feet for different stitches, which is a pain, and in many cases I can't figure out why.  The start and stop button so you don't have to use a foot pedal is handy, but it is easier to control with the foot pedal.  I haven't been able  to get the automatic needle threader to work, easier just to thread the needle.  Sews well, the variety of stitches is great.  Instruction book easy to understand. Placing the thread to wind the bobbin is a little frustrating, but it is probably just a matter of practice."
"I liked the feature set of this and therefore bought it. However, it has serious problem of thread stuck and needle bend makes it annoying.
I wish instead I could have bought something simpler and cheaper.
Would not recommend for anyone willing to use for day to day usage"
As advertised
Very good machine my sister loves it
I find this is an easy machine to use.  The only thing I don't like is the bobbin winding.  All of my previous machines automatically wind the bobbin when it is put in place.
Awesome product
Gift for daughter! So far so good........
very good servive
"Great machine for the price. I am a beginner but I love the ease of stitching, the automatic thread trimmer, and the hundreds of built in stitches. After upgrading from a $100 Brother machine purchased, sewing a garment has become much easier and way more fun!"
I am satisfied. And it is well used.
"The machine was better than I expected.  It is quiet and has a nice variety of feet.  It is easy to use, also."
"This machine is an absolute joy to use!  It does everything I wanted it to do and then some.  As good or better than the ""high dollar"" make and models."
"Oh my gosh!  I love this machine and all the options for stitches.  The price was unbelievable, couldn't pass it up.  Great tutorials for the machine on You Tube if you have any questions at all.  So many options for stitches and easy to use.  Does all the things a $2000 or more machine does.  Sews through several layers of denim with no problem.  Can't say enough good things about this machine.  Comes very well packaged.  I did order extra bobbins so I would have them on hand."
"Pros:  Machine is great for quilting and having fun with the 600 designs.
Cons: After making only 3 quilts the needle threader did not work properly and MAKE SURE to use class 15 bobbins, NOT 15J as stated on amazon and singer websites.  15J will jam up the thread in  bobbin holder/needle  of sewing project."
"I am using my dad's account to write this review because he bought this machine for me. After several weeks of reading reviews and asking other seamstresses in a sewing group, I decided to purchase this Singer. I was reluctant at first, because I have an old Brother sewing machine from Wal Mart and a brother 1034d serger, and I heard that Singer's quality has gone down over the years. I am an intermediate sewer with a growing clientele and my poor little Brother just couldn't keep up, so I purchased this Singer.
Here are the top things that I LOVE about my 9960:
1. It is Quiet-really quiet and it doesn't shake my make-shift card table turned sewing table.
2. It doesn't eat up my fabric when I start a stitch-I sew a lot of knits and my old machine used to eat my fabric (it would get caught in the throat plate and get mangled in the bobbin chamber)
3. It comes with almost all the attachments you need and it uses Snap on feet, which are easy to find and cheap to purchase
4. It has a holder for an extra spool of thread if you are using a twin needle (which I use a lot)
5. It has a self cutter and self threader---I use the cutter all the time! No need to stop and pick up the snips
6. It has so many stitches and features I am yet to use, but I look forward to in the future.

Overall, a very sophisticated machine and it offers a lot of bang for your buck...it sews so smoothly, I am kicking myself for not upgrading sooner! You will not regret this purchase!"
"This sewing machine is awesome!  I debated a long time and read many reviews before I purchased it.  The machine lives up to all of the videos and positive reviews I read.  I have already used it to quilt one quilt and to applique on a second quilt using several of the different decorative stitch patterns.  Stitches beautifully - and the price on Amazon was about half of what it would have cost at a sewing store.
I am very happy with this purchase!"
"Terrific sewing machine for the price - on sale when I bought it - and sews beautifully.  My experience with it has been great.  I've been sewing for the past 54 years and I recommend it for the streamer who wants a good machine without spending a lot of money,"
"I purchased this machine six months ago and was worried that I may never really use it. Quite the opposite has proven true! This Singer model has EVERYTHING I could ever want and more! It has SO many accessories and feet that typically only accompany a much more expensive machine. I have no less than FOUR friends/associates who have also fallen in love with this machine and gone out and purchased it - including my sewing instructor! I am typically someone who likes to have ""THE BEST"" and I assumed that should I get into sewing, I would soon be searching for a more exclusive brand machine. To my complete surprise and delight - EVERY time I use this machine, I am loving it! I have looked at other machines and when I compare, NOTHING beats this machine! My friends who have ""high-end"" machines are startled how many features this machine has - and how nothing ever goes wrong on it! I have been learning how to sew everything on it and cannot get enough of it! If there is a con - it is hard to find but I finally found one and it is minor! Not enough to disrupt my love affair with this machine! That is - the auto button hole maker max size is for up to one inch buttons. I have used smaller buttons and every project has turned out to look great! I love how this machine SOUNDS! Highly, highly, highly recommend!"
love this machine!! I hadn't sewn for a while and this machine is so very easy to use. I've been using it for 11 months and just love it!
"So far I love everything about this sewing machine.  I've only used it a couple of times so far, but I especially love the ability to sew without a foot pedal and that it cuts its own threads.  I was hoping to use the seam guide accessory but I can't get the screw to screw it into the machine.  The screw looks a bit deformed and I think that's the problem.  Other than that, I've been very happy with it."
Good machine for a beginner with room to grow.
Worth the money. This machine helped my wife improve her skills. She loves this Singer.
"I love some functions of this machine. The thread cut, the quiet use. I do have issues and have to make a decision soon. I tried some of the decorative stitches and the left side of the designs look just like the image on the LED. The right side does not. Do I send it back and ask for an exchange? Or do I keep it as I will most likely never use the decorative stitches...

10-15-2015 I have decided to exchange the machine and will update when the new one gets here. I love the fact that the return policy is so easy. I have never sent anything back to Amazon but if I am spending this much on a machine, it should work correctly.

10-26-2015 The replacement does not have the same issues as the first one. I have more of the designs stitches and none seem to have the same issue. I am very happy with this machine. Changing the rating to 5 starts now. It does everything that it is supposed to do."
All is good
I love my sewing machine!! It's everything and more than what I expected!!! Great value!!
"I love, love, love this sewing machine!!! I have only had the chance to use it once, but I am so impressed!"
Love the machine . Love the automatic sizzors
"I love my new Singer Quantam Stylist 9960. I have found that one woman created videos to help you figure out all the different features and how they work. If you just type in ""singer Quantam Stylist 9960""  and look for videos titled ""strikes my fancy"" on utube, these videos go from everything threading your machine and winding the bobbin to changing to the lettering how to increase the stitch length and width.  I never had a computerized machine before as with all new things,you learn as you use.it."
I'm rating this machine 4 out of 5 stars only because I haven't had a chance to try out all the features.  I bought this machine for piecing and quilting.  So far free motion quilting has met my expectations.  Stitching is smooth and even.  I highly recommend this machine.
Love this machine so much.  I've had it for a few years now and it still makes me smile.
Works great
I love my machine so far! It is smooth and quiet. Which is especially nice since I live in an apartment.
Wonderful machine.  Very easy to use.  Almost sews for you.  Definitely recommended for all
"I purchased this machine a year ago.  At first it sewed wonderfully.  Then it started to skip stitches. And bind up.  I tried everything to get it to stop.  I contacted the manufacturer and was told there was a repair shop 80 miles from my home and it would cost 80.00 just to look at the machine.  I contacted the repair shop and was told I would have to bring the machine to them as they would not except it if I shipped it to them. So I took it to a local repair shop and it was worked on.  Long story short, it still does not work right.  There is something wrong with the programing and the stitches are not right.  It was  very expensive machine and I am very disappointed."
(written by wife)  LOVE IT!!!!. Haven't sewn in years & starting up again with quilting & some clothing. For quilting I like the availability of the MANY fancy stitches. I finished my first quilt on it for by great-grandbaby's 2nd birthday-- made some mistakes but still real pleased with my finished product!! Can't wait to start the next one!  Would have given 5 stars but had an occasional issue with the fancy stitch I used on said item. Not sure if it was machine or operator issue. Hope I can define it with the 2nd quilt. Definitely would recommend this -- really opens up possibilities for creative juices!!!!
"This is amazing!

I've been creating quilts, costumes and much more for a few years now with a hand-me-down Singer basic sewing machine.  Last year I decided that I would buy a nice sewing machine on black Friday since many sewing machines were half off last year.  When I saw that this machine was half off a few weeks ago I decided, why wait?

I'm so glad I got this one.  I played with most of the settings when I got it in, the instruction manual is very good.  It works like a dream.  I've already made a few things and I'm planning on making my Halloween costume with it."
So far its real good except the needle threader doesn't work otherwise it great
Loved this sewing machine until I needed to do a basting stich for a zipper. Can not believe Singer would have a machine with so many stitches and the 'basting' stitch is done one at a time not - a continuous  seam. Very disappointed. Would not have bought this had I known.
Such a fantastic sewing machine! It does so much more than I even know.
The thread cutting feature is wonderful. The self-threader helps a lot and is easy to use. I've never had the machine jam on me.
"After just four uses and a month of the purchase, the machines automatic thread cutter causes the thread to jam, stacking the pieces of clothe I sew onto the needle plate. I can return it and Singer Costumer Service takes forever to contact you back. Disappointing."
I bought this in July '15 becasue of the good reviews and by Sept the 'birdnesting' was so bad that I couldn't even sew with a walking foot. I took it to be serviced and they cleaned and oiled and tested the machine. Worked great for a few days of internsive use and then began again. I went threw the cleaning steps every time (eventually spent more time taking it apart and cleanign the actual sewing) and it would work for a while right after but not for long. I'm out of my return window and am VERY disappointed. I use this machine to make a living and now I'm out $350+.
wonderful looking forward to using it more
Love the machine!  User friendly and easy to use.  Would recommend.
LOVE this machine!!  Very easy to use & keep clean
Great machine!!!!
Broken before we even took it out of the box. Sending it back.
Very nice machine easy to use kinda lame bobbins arn't the average size
Love love love my new machine
Excellent
"I'm a quilter and love this machine! I got really spoiled with my mom's machines which are Berninas and way out of my price range, but for the price this is a great machine! It does everything I need and more. Very happy with this purchase. I will mention that I haven't tried actually quilting with it since my parents have a longarm quilting machine, but for piece work, this is wonderful."
"I really do love this machine and you just can't bear the price point.  A $1000 or more machine just wasn't in my budget.

HOWEVER, it came with a bonus pack of accessories that DO NOT fit this machine's snap-on mechanism.  I know, this review is coming a year and a half late but I just now opened this bonus pack.  Besides not fitting, there was no information/literature about these feet; what they are for, etc...  So, I looked up each one on line.  Fortunately each one has a parts number on them (clue #1) that start with ""412"".  When I looked them up they came up as being Viking parts (clue#2).  Plain and simple, either the wrong parts were packed in my machine or something else is the problem.  I just discovered all of this this morning so I will try to phone Singer this week."
Love this machine I have always liked Singer and this is the BEST. I am gonna have so much fun creating with this machine and since I'm retired you can bet gonna be spending a lot of time learning new things :). Oh and this was a gift from my hubby for our 35th anniversary.
"This is the fourth sewing machine I have owned over the years.  I am not familiar with computer sewing so this was new to me.  I have really come to love the Singer machine and I've tried the many, many stitches it can make.  It is a winner as far as I'm concerned.  I put together my first shirt last week.  I have not created a shirt for years.  But this machine did the job with very neat stitches and the buttonholes were a piece of cake.  The buttonholes are really nice and neat.  Getting this machine has made me want to sew more and more."
"My wife loves the machine, has been doing sewing projects since it got here. Only issue so far is that 6 or so of the presser feet do not and will not fit on the machine, they are the wrong size from what I can tell. Also I can not find a way to contact Amazon or the seller to resolve the issue."
"This is a great sewing machine.  It met all my expectations for a Singer and more!  It has a great workspace
is easy to thread and change stitch styles."
"My wife is happy with this machine, easy to use, quiet, sews as expected, arrived on time, no shipping damage"
"My husband bought this for me as a birthday gift (after some not-so-subtle hints I must admit). I absolutely love it!  It  is quiet, stitches are perfect (with the auto tension feature). Press a button and the thread is cut and ties (no waste). I previously dreaded sewing with a machine and did most of my craft sewing (quilting, etc) by hand because it was more relaxing. With this machine, sewing is a joy. It is built to last as well. Great product and I highly recommend it."
I upgraded from a 1970's Singer Genie - WOW! WHAT A DIFFERENCE :)  Works GREAT.  I watched 'strikes my fancy' on youtube. Taught me all I needed to know.  I love the cording foot - so easy.  I am so glad I spent a little extra to get this new sewing machine.  It does an amazing amount of things for the price.
"Unless you want a machine for quilting only, this isn't the one; however, the thread tension is off and I cannot adjust it, making for sloppy projects.  Also, the button hole attachment is a joke.  After reading the instructions multiple times, attaching, removing and reattaching the attachment, it will not work. Given the machine doesn't perform well, I will obviously need to either take it to a repair shop, or just get rid of it.  To say the least, I'm very unhappy with the machine and will never buy another without seeing the machine in person as well as viewing a demonstration of the product; and most of all, be able to easily return it."
I love this machine. I have sewn several tote bags and purses on it with ease. It has me spoiled. I saw a couple of reviews that stated they had tension problems. I think that is error on the sewers part. I have NEVER had to adjust the tension. The machine has automatic tension that has worked great with me not touching it at all.
Its wonderfull!!!!
"Best deal ever, super machine with all the right options."
I love this machine. I had bought a Singer Curvy first and hated it. It didn't thread easily and was just a difficult machine to use. I got so frustrated that I bought the Quantum before the Curvy was even 6 months and I'm glad I did. This machine is a joy to use. I love the automatic features and it's easy to thread. I recommend it highly.
Love my new seeing machine
"I got this machine last year on 01/16/2014 and I loved it. I have been sewing with it now for over a year and I still love it. I would definitely purchase it again I am partial to Singer machine's, and feel like I made a great decision. However the one thing that I have noticed after using it for so long is that the thread bunches in the bobbin if you don't use the feed regulator button properly. Nothing to give a bad rating about, however I do recommend really getting to know the machine before starting any project on it. You won't be disappointed with this machine. Hope this helped."
"Well I have had this machine and used it for my dress business and have loved it,  however I am about to join the many who have had problems with the tension. I have retreated,  changed needles done everything recommended and now I am at a halt, it won't sew a straight line. Reading other reviews one here of the hassle with repair (and the closest dealer is 1.5 hours away) I am not looking forward to this experience. Will share my experiences after I see if I can even get it fixed. I have a 40 year old singer sitting next to it that I just wanted all the fancy stitches is why I bought the 9960.  Guess I am lucky I didn't give that one away."
"Bought this machine in November of 2014 and I love it! I have made 5 quilts (two queen sized, two crib and one full size). It sews very smooth and quiet. I have not used all the attachments yet, but I will. I will be taking a beginner  machine quilting class soon and I can hardly wait. The machine is very solidly made. I really think I made a great choice in picking this machine."
"Piece of Junk. Used only a few times over the past year and 1/2. When my wife actually went to use it, it just beeps at her and says to turn it off button mode. It is turned off. It will not do anything further. I called Singer and sat on hold for over a hour, when I actually got someone on they hung up on me. I cannot believe I spent so much money on this thing and could have bought a cheap machine that would still be working. I called a local repair shop and they said a min of $150 to look at it. Their warranty is a joke. Amazon should stop selling this machine and products from singer."
My fiance loves this machine!  High quality and does everything she wanted/needed it to do.  Replaced her 1981 Kenmore sewing machine.
Machine works beautifully from the start.  Very happy with the value of the purchase.
What a fantastic machine. Can't say enough about automatic tension! Beautiful stitches and huge selection.
I've always loved Singer machines and this one is top of the line. It's beautiful and works great!
This is my second purchase of this item.  I purchased the latest one for my nine year old granddaughter to learn to sew on.  I love the machine and sew all the time.  Would recommend this item and would order again.
Great ! Love it! Honest and very well care to delivery!
"I like this machine thus far. There was a threading issue that caused the stitches to gather in the back but re-threaded the machine, and the stitches were fine. I'm still learning to use it and works for what I want."
"it had everything I wanted in one box, love this great deal!"
"Like all the other reviewers say--this is a fabulous machine--at any price. I have a Brother SE 400 sewing and embroidery machine and though it works well and has some especially useful functions, the quality would be considered poor as compared to this Singer. It is advertised as Dealer quality and that would be accurate if what is meant by that term is that a dealer would never be embarrassed to do a demo or using it for studio work. You cant imagine how good this machine is until you use it. I had an old TOL Viking which finally gave out and I thought, with the enormous increase in SM costs, that I would never again enjoy the ease of sewing or the quality of stitches my Viking provided. Well, machines certainly have changed in the last 35 years or so. I then had a Janome which had pretty much the same features as my Singer 9960 but it cost 5 times more, lasted only 10 months, spent a year in repair shop, and Janome refused to replace or allow me to send it to their repair shop (they said only the dealer could send it to them and the dealer wouldnt). The Singer 9960 has so many stitches that you will think of so many projects to create with it. Is there a con along with all the pros here? Yes. There is not enough time in a day to do all the sewing and quilting you will want to do with this machine. By all means, if you are in the market for a new machine this is the one to buy. Happy sewing."
"I started out loving this machine.  It had all the features I wanted at a very reasonable price.  However, just two years later, without heavy duty use, the circuit board blew out.  I had set the machine to do some lettering and some fabric down to test a swatch.  the bobbin became tangled on the 4th letter and i turned it off to fix the thread.  After that, it wouldn't sew at all.  After taking it to a repair shop, I found out I would have to return it to Singer if it were still under warranty, (expired by a couple of days).  I won't buy a sewing machine online again."
I love this machine so much.  the features are easy to use and it is durable. Sewing with it is a dream.
"A great Sewing Machine with so many beautiful embroidery stitches,'"
Great machine beyond expectation very satisfactory.
"I really love my new 9960 purchased for me by my husband and daughters as my combined Mother's Day and birthday gift. I ordered 15 J bobbins because that's what it said on Singer own website for this machine. Unfortunately no where in the manual does it tell you which bobbin size you should purchase.  The four bobbins that came with the machine were flat on top and bottom, the 60 that I purchased online, 15j as required, were slightly curved on the top and bottom and were thinner the than the original for bobbins that came with the machine.  When taking one of the original bobbins with me to Joann Fabric I found that they were identical to the bobbins from Singer marked only 15 without the J. I did not want to pay Joanns prices so I looked around and found that Walmart had them. Not an off brand mind you but the Singer brand. For bobbins in a sleeve for all of 97 cents! I believe Joanne had them 3 for $2.59. They work perfectly and when I need more Walmart is 6 minutes away. The only thing I have had trouble with is the threader. It doesn't connect with the thread as easily as my old Riccar.  this last week I was sewing without problem and came back the next day to start sewing again and the threader wouldn't work at all somehow it was tipped backwards or rather up a little higher kind of diagonally instead of parallel to the throat plate. It would not connect with the eye of the needle at all.  I tried to push the little hook thing back so it was parallel and it wouldn't budge and then the whole small circular piece that's on the post that lowers the threader simply fell off the post!  The next time I head into downtown Seattle for any reason I will take this machine with me to the man whose repaired my other machine for years and see if he can determine what the problem is. My eyes will still let me thread the needle by myself but since this comes with the manual threader I would really like it to work! There was no trauma done to the machine so I have no clue why the threader was displaced from its normal position.  Other than that I am thrilled with my new machine! It is quiet & it works as it should.  Love the automatic cutter!

11/17 I have been using this machine exclusively for two and a half years now. I am very well pleased. You won't find the words authorized purchase or anything on here because I didn't purchase it for myself but my husband and daughters did purchase it from Amazon for me. It does everything I needed to and it does it well. After I wrote my first review I decided to send it into singer because the feed dogs were so sharp they were leaving little tracks of frayed thread on the underside of satin blanket binding. They very nicely buffed them so that they would no longer snag my fabric. If I needed to buy a replacement machine for some reason this would still be the model that I would choose!"
"I was scared to purchase this machine at first because, I own a Bernina B750QE. I just wanted a machine to carry to classes and sew days with friends. This is an outstanding machine. I am new to sewing but this machine is so awesome. Some of the reviews were a bit scarey, but as one reviewer wrote you must read the directions first. Honestly, I am one of those people who try to figure it out first and if things do not go right, I result to reading the direction. However, I didn't have time to go backwards so I read the instruction and this is an awesome machine so far."
"I just love this machine. I bought it on impulse when my old machine just would not perform properly. Originally I had wanted to buy a Bernina and suffered a bit of buyers remorse while waiting for the machine to arrive. I am not sorry now. Besides the great price, this machine has many features. I love the extended table and the large throat space makes sewing large items so much easier. The machine is easy to thread and with additional features of a needle threader and thread cutter - sewing is a pleasure. I am learning to use all the additional feet that came with this machine and I have yet to use all of the 600 available stitches."
"I hate it! From the beginning I've had a hard time using the self threader. Now the constant bird nesting had me wanting to throw out my window and into my pool. Sometimes it works, but mostly it doesn't. Aaaaagggghhh!!!!"
Spectacular!!
Best sewing machine EVER!  I highly recommend this one.  It's a workhorse!
Unfortunately I could not use this product as it was not compatible with UK voltage
"Purchased this about 5 months ago and have loved loved loved it. It sees beautifully. It comes with a million different feet and great instructions on use and maintenance. A really, well rounded machine for any project. Until about three months in, when the bobbin-winder snapped and would no longer hold into position or allow me to sew without trying to wind at the same time. I was, very thankfully, allowed to exchange it for a new one, which is unable to neatly wind bobbins at all, constantly skipped and almost breaking the string as it wraps around the bobbin.

I wanted to love this so much, and I did for a few months, but after two bad machines, I'm cutting my losses with Singer and moving on.

I did call Singer regarding the warranty on the first one and they told me I had to ship it at my own expense to a repair shop two states over (there isn't one in my state) and then they would kindly repair and ship it back for free.... Uh... No thanks. The company I bought it from kindly went out of their return policy and allowed me to exchange it instead. I didn't even mess with Singer this time around. They clearly don't value their own machines or warranties."
"Love it.  Perfect machine,  has and does everything you could want."
"SO GREAT!  My last electronic machine was a singer 2010 from 1983...this 9985 is far superior.  Have to be careful to thread, fill bobbins, etc just as directions state or thread can collect under the throat plate.  Best features I can no longer live without:  thread cutter, needle up/down selector, manual slide speed control, start/stop button...this button has changed my sewing life!  For years I have chased the foot pedal as it slid around the floor, then taped it down to the floor, then made a cardboard pad to tape it to...nothing was perfect.  NOW I CAN SEW manually, slow or speeded up, perfect for fussy work like hems.  Only difficulty so far is finding a source for more presser feet."
I love this sewing machine!  I used my Kenmore sewing machine for over 30 years.  It is very easy to use.  The price is much better than at any of the sewing centers.  Very pleased!
"I bought it for my mother, she loves Singer machines.  She says she loves it."
"I've had this machine for 18 months and in general it's great.  When I got it I had been quilting for about a year on a much older, very basic electronic model.  This machine has a ton of features that I haven't used (yet) but I have done some zippers, applique and fancy stitching all by either reading the instruction manual and/or watching videos, and each time I've had good success.  I do practice on scraps before working on the ""real"" thing since I am a novice seamstress.  The one complaint I have, and I have just left my sewing room to come to the computer to look this up, is that the needle seems to unthread very often.  Even when I leave a long tail before starting a seam the thread comes out of the needle.  I can avoid this by always holding onto the tail, but it would be nice if I didn't have to do that.  Right now I am piecing together several hundred small rectangles of fabric, and it's not a chain-piece type of project, so I have to add the extra step of grabbing the tail on every single seam to avoid having to re-thread the needle.  Maybe there's some maintenance step I could perform that would help which is why my next stop is Google.  Overall though, this machine has all that I need and way more to make intermediate-level quilts.  I should note that I have not done free-motion quilting on this although it came with all the right feet to do so - I am impatient by nature and haven't managed to teach myself this technique without quickly reaching my tolerance level!"
I love this machine.  Shipping was like 2 days and I have absolutely no complaints at all.
I love this machine!  It can do everything that the pricier sewing machines can do!  I prefer quilting and it has all attachments for it!
Good
Perfect for my quilting projects.  Amazing machine.
The best Singer machine in the market
Nice machine for the wife. Got it as a lightning deal. Well worth what I paid for it
Love this machine! So glad I finally replaced my 30+ year old machine. I am using it for piecing quilts then will try the quilting on it (lap quilt size). It is a dream to use!
Very happy with machine
Great sewing machine! So many beautiful stitches! Runs smooth and easy to use! I highly recommend this!
Great sewing machine for the price.  It has all the features I need.
"I finally, after 25 years, splurged on this machine and I'm in heaven!!!  So many features and presser foots included.  Love the scissor button and the automatic needle threader. I have just started to learn how to quilt and this machine has made it just that much easier!!!"
excellent product.
"This is my first Singer machine.  I had two Brothers before this one.  It has a little bit more of a learning curve than the Brother, but it sews beautifully.  Very well made and sturdy.  A lot of good features and more stitches than my previous machines.  I got a great deal on Amazon for it.  it came with extra feet and a hard cover. I have had a little bit of trouble finding specialty feet for it, since it recommends using Singer products.  I like the wide table when making large projects.  I was a little disappointed in the automatic needle threader, because it is not really automatic.  You have to place the thread very carefully when using it.  Otherwise I couldn't be more pleased with it."
Love this machine. Can't get enough of it
"I'm sorry to admit that I have found this machine to be a royal pain.  I've always been loyal to Singer but have to agree that the quality has taken a downward spiral.  The needle threader works occasionally and I can't find any reason why. Every time I change a needle I have to wonder if the threader will work or not (and I'm careful to fully seat the needles).  I'm on my second machine because the first one developed three different issues within the first month and so I returned it for a replacement.  This second one worked well for a few months and now the feed dogs are stuck in the down position and it makes a terrible noise when I attempted to use it.  Of course, there is no ""authorized"" singer repair shops closer than 2 hours away.  I took it to a local repair shop and was told it could run $50 - $120+ to repair as they have to take it all apart to see what's gong on.  And, I believe, the warranty would be voided if I had them attempt to repair it. I believe this is my last Singer machine."
"I'm leaving my original review from a year ago here because most of what I said is still true.  I've loved this sewing machine so much and I use it almost every day, but it's developed a big problem. Several months ago, every once in a while, if I pushed the reverse button, it cut the thread instead.  This didn't happen often at first so I didn't let it bother me, but over the months has become annoyingly more frequent.  Now it's to the point that if I push the reverse button, it cuts the thread.  If I push the needle up/down button, it cuts the thread.  If I push the thread-cutting button, it cuts the thread (hurray!).  There are many times where I DON'T want to cut the thread - maybe I'd like to sew in reverse - but my machine is now all about the thread cutting.  Everything else is still stellar.  I've been round and round with Singer and have not had any satisfaction.  I called around to different shops, and have found a couple in my area that will repair the machine.  Depending on the cost to repair, I may decide to upgrade and I'm now looking at a Juki.  Or, if the repair is more than $200, I could replace this Singer 9960 and get a brand new one because Amazon has them here for less than I paid about 2-1/2 years ago.  I'll just have to wait until I take it in to the shop and decide then.  But, bottom line, I'm a little unhappy.

HERE'S MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:
I've had my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist for almost a year now.  I wanted to have a few months of use on it before I submitted a review.  To provide a short backstory, I sewed for years and made a lot of my own clothes, using a White sewing machine that was built like a tank, so I'm not a novice. Sometime during the 90's I just got burnt out on sewing and gave everything away. Last year, while trying to mend a shirt for my husband, I thought it might be a good idea to get an inexpensive sewing machine for repair jobs only, as I detest hand-sewing. I bought a little Singer 2259 Tradition machine, which I really liked (a great little machine for simple sewing). Reading through the manual made me a little curious about quilting, and after watching some videos online, I made a couple of small, simple quilts which turned out pretty well.  From then on I was hooked, and after a couple of months, it became apparent that I needed a machine with more features.  Now back to my review of the 9960...

I did a lot of research, and decided that I just could not justify the cost of a Bernina or a Baby Lock, and decided to go with the Singer.  After 10 months, I can say that I'm extremely happy with this machine, and even happier with the price.  I'm far from an experienced quilter, and never will be an expert, but I enjoy it and I do fairly well.  I use my Singer virtually every day and it, so far, has been able to provide every special feature I need.  It came with an unbelievable number of attachments.  Every time I read about some special feature I would like to have in order to complete a specific quilt, I look in my manual, and my machine can do it.  I've been surprised several times by things it can do that I didn't know about.  Take the time to read the manual and all kinds of surprises await.  It has so many decorative stitches I'll never use them all.

I can only think of two things I would like to have on this machine:  one is the ""needle down"" feature but I've learned to work around that, and the other is that the embroidery letters are not sizeable, but that's not much of a problem for me.

My Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist is quiet, reliable, and a serious, powerful, sewing machine.  It was an incredible value for the price and it's a joy to own."
"Amazed at the quality! I just received this as a birthday gift from my husband. Tons of features feels like a much higher end machine. Super quiet, I couldn't hear a thing over my old machine."
EXCELLENT!
It was gift for my wife and she loves it so much. Thank you !
What a good buy I compared prices and you get the best price for your money here.  Take time to learn your instruction manuals first because there are so many beautiful functions to this machine you will be satisfied.  This machine does beautiful work.
"This machine compares very favorably with the current Bernina 550, for a fraction of the price. Singer's touch screen is superior, as it is not only a color screen -- theirs isn't -- it is much clearer. There is no comparison in terms of the appearance of the two machines. This Singer is flat out gorgeous in person, and it's purple. Singer has really knocked it out of the park in terms of presentation with this one. The photos here do not begin to do it justice. I literally gasped when I pulled it out of the box.  I do miss having a knee lifter on this machine, which my Singer 580 embroidery machine has, but the superb quality of the 9985 considering its low price is ample consolation.

With 960 stitches, it blows the Bernina 550 right out of the water, as it has only 177. Of course it is the quality of the stitch that counts, and the Singer 9985 stitches as beautifully as any machine costing thousands more. I am working my way through the entire catalog of decorative stitches and functions, and have not found anything so far that is less than perfect. What is really unexpected in a machine at this price is the degree of precision you can bring to bear on your decorative stitches. Say you wish to place an outline of decorative arrows around a neckline facing or placket; you can figure out by stitching a sample how many arrows you are getting per inch, and program the machine to run a certain number of arrows and stop, so you can precisely pivot and turn or reproduce a certain line of stitching or whatever. The selection and editing of decorative stitches is simple and intuitive if you are used to doing anything with a computer. Not every stitch can be elongated or made wider to the same extent, but it is easy to tell what you can and cannot do once you see it on the screen. Considering this capability, you really have way more than the 960 stitches advertised. For best quality decorative stitching, I recommend using 40-wt rayon or polyester machine embroidery thread on top and good quality polyester sewing thread to match your item in the bobbin, and attach the transparent satin stitch foot. Tearaway or wash-away stabilizer under your project will make a world of difference. Many stitches can be flipped or rotated, so you could stitch a line of left-facing triangles next to a line of right-facing triangles, or run some lines of straight stitches in between for a cuff or something like that -- in other words, the creative design possibilities get crazy when you have these advanced editing capabilities, and the results are perfect because you can edit precisely where each stitch starts and stops. With this wide selection of stitches, even the simplest garment can be embellished with embroidery to make it look amazing. Stalking Pinterest and Instagram photos of embroidered garments has inspired me to combine multiple rows of decorative stitches with straight stitching around garment edges, repeating thread colors I've used in the embroidered motifs I've done on the Singer Quantum Futura 580 on the front, back, and sleeves. Built-in stitches did not seem to add much to fashion sewing for me in the past because in regular sewing thread, they can look pretty sad, but the options this machine offers combined with the wonderful threads widely available to machine embroiderers make fashion sewing exciting in a whole new way.

The hand quilting-look stitch combined with the walking foot offers a feature usually found on only high-end machines. I was skeptical that a machine at this price point could produce a decent quilting stitch, but by following the directions in the manual and making the necessary tension adjustments, the result is quite impressive.

The manual is pretty good. When I get a new machine, I usually go through the manual page by page and try every stitch, technique, and foot to learn as much as I can and make sure everything is functioning properly. Though I have not completed the learning process yet on this machine due to my eagerness to get to the fun stuff, I have read through the entire manual and it seems that everything I need to know is in there somewhere. The quilting section should not be construed as instruction in quiltmaking by any means, and it is kind of weird that they do not mention the even-feed foot until several pages later, and free-motion quilting and stippling should probably not be attempted based on the instructions here, though of course YouTube videos abound. I find Singer manuals maddening in that the English version is on the left-hand side of the page, with French and Spanish on the right. It would be much more efficient for all users if they would put each language in its own section. The small format of this manual means the print and illustrations are quite small. I'll be looking for the manual at the Singer site so I can read it on a device which enables me to zoom in.

Speaking of instructions, I'd just like to point out that this uses size 15 bobbins, not 15J as the ""customers also bought"" copy above might indicate. The difference is slight but if you use the wrong bobbins, you will really mess up your shuttle race. When I selected this machine, I assumed it would use 15J bobbins just like my embroidery machine, which would be super convenient. Alas, that is not the case, and it is kind of a pain. You must use Singer brand bobbins, and not cheap copies, which are not the same size. This is kind of a pain, but it's worth it to me to have all these other awesome features I never expected to own. And did I say it's purple?

The Singer 9985 is the perfect companion to my Singer 580 embroidery machine. I am super thrilled that I was able to get such a high quality machine with so many awesome stitches and features for such a low price, with free shipping. Not to be snarky, but a local dealer of the expensive brands does not carry this machine in her store, and I can guess why, though she offered to special order it for me, at the full list price. *snort* If I were trying to sell a comparable machine for almost $5,000, I would not want this one sitting next to it, either. Thanks, amazon!!"
"I replaced a 30 year old Singer with this machine.  I had no idea just how loud my old machine was until I used this one that first day.  I've wondered why I didn't replace it sooner.  This is a really nice machine.  The different stitch settings are super easy to change using the front panel buttons and display. Plus a sample of every stitch setting is shown just inside the top panel when you raise it to load the thread.  I love the needle threader.  I didn't realize it had that feature at first until I just happened to catch it in the manual.  (Yes, I do read the user manuals - sometimes).  I also really like that wide sewing surface, plus it easily slides away when you need to sew something narrow.  It's easy to thread and bobbin winding is easy too.  I guess the only small complaint I have is:  My old machine would wind the bobbin right in the bobbin compartment, so as soon as the bobbin was full, you were ready to go.  With this one, you wind the bobbin in the top compartment next to the thread holder, then have to put to bobbin in the bobbin compartment before sewing.  Since I like the machine so well, I can live with that small inconvenience.  I spent a lot of time researching new machines.  I looked at super expensive ones and ones not so pricey. I looked at every brand I could find. I read reviews on all of them that seemed like a good fit.  I did not read one bad review on this machine. Plus, I figured that my old Singer lasted me over 30 years, so sticking with Singer would be a good bet and so far I have not been disappointed."
I love this. Except not able to increase size for embroidery letters. I use this machine all the time.
"Love this machine!! Does everything I want it to do for my quilting projects.  I don't believe that you have to own a $3,000 machine to accomplish a well done job. Would recommend to everyone that wants an affordable sewing machine!!"
"This machine does practically everything, from straight stitch to overlock and buttonholes! I couldn't be happier!"
great machine  works perfectly
So many features for the price!  Arrived in a timely manner and works like a dream.  I am excited to have a machine that takes the guesswork out of sewing and makes it enjoyable!
Love my new machine
"Heed all the reviews that say this unit eats fabric.  It not only eats it, but refuses to give it back!  When it isn't hungry, the stitch consistency/quality is very poor, and don't even think about reading any of the fonts, they are completely illegible.
  On the good side, I loved it's user interface.  Navigation is a breeze, and the touch screen is very responsive.  I liked the thread cutter, and the unit runs quiet.
  I guess I have to press my Husqvarna 6440 back into service, because I can't seem to find anything as reliable as she."
it is actually pretty good for its price
"I am in love with my machine, it works well. It is worth the price... well, I got it in a discount."
Good price and quality
Lovin my machine!!!
"I just got this machine today.  It's heavy (which I like - some people might not).  It has all the bells and whistles and then some.  Plus, and this is big for me, it feels solid when sewing.  First time out of the box, I used the walking foot on my quilt with no problem at all.  It never even slowed down when sewing through 5 or more layers.  Easy to change settings, nice big screen, a ton of extra accessories including a really nice hard case and extra wide table.  I think I might be in love."
Love it.  It's every thing and more than I hoped for and I have hardly used anyone the fancy stitches.
"First I'd like to explain that I was a self proclaimed sewing machine snob. I grew up using Pfaff machines and my first major purchase as an adult was a Bernina. When my machine needed to be repaired and I found out it would take about 16 weeks just to get the part I was devastated. I decided to just pick up another machine until I could get mine repaired and when I got mine back I'd give the new one to my granddaughter. Living in rural north Georgia my choices were rather limited. I purchased a Singer 9960 from Bargain Hunt. *please note that in all fairness to Singer what was wrong with that machine might not have been completely their fault. It's very likely that that machine had been used and or abused and returned. I returned that machine because of the common bobbin tangling issues. However, I was impressed by what the machine could have done if it had worked properly. So much so that I came home and ordered the 9985.

Now the actual review.
I am completely & totally head over heels in love with this machine! The best way I can describe the differences between my old machine and this one is: Imagine driving a 1950's work truck with a manual transmission and no power steering and then driving a brand new loaded Mercedes-Benz. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine this! This machine sews like a dream.
  Awesome List:
  Drop feed with box motion work fantastic when doing free motion embroidery
  Mirror imaging and elongation of stitches is really fun
  Adjustable pressure foot pressure
  Stitch memory
  Push button  for stop, start , needle up and down & thread trimmer
  And it's so quiet
  Cool List:
  960 stitches
  Lots of accessories included
  See-thru to bobbin
  You don't have to use the foot pedal
  LCD tells you which pressure foot needs to be attached & automatically sets the tension for the stitch you choose.
The only things I'm not thrilled with are:
  The automatic needle threader needs to redesigned
  The lighting leaves a lot to be desired but can be easily fixed by purchasing a LED sewing light kit for about $30.00
  Singer really skimped on the dust cover
The only things lacking is the ability to purchase an extension table and a hard case.
If I'd had any idea that technology had come so far I'd have purchased a new machine before now.
What I had perceived as a devastating loss has turned into a love affair.
I keeping this one...my granddaughter can have my  old one!"
"Loved this machine when I first got it.  After I had used it about 7 times over the course of about 2 years, it stopped working-- same problem everyone else has written about.  No one locally would touch it.  Three different repair shops said that Singer Machines have become throw-aways, 9960 parts are hard to get, and it isn't worth fixing.  The Singer customer service rep was no help-- giving me a snarky, "" Well I don't know the geography of California, "" when I tried to explain to her that the nearest service center is almost three hours from my house.  When I called them, they knew the model of the machine when I said I needed to have a Singer repaired.  They told me the repair is usually a fuse and with the service fee runs about $90.00.  So... 2 tanks of gas + my time + repair fee.  I can't ship it because I do not have the original packing materials (as specified on the service website).  I am torn about whether to just trash this machine or try to repair it.  It seems to me that this machine has some sort of defect that Singer is not owning. I have used Singer sewing machines for over 40 years, but this machine will most likely be my last. Update:  I have decided to repair the machine 1 time.  If it breaks again, I am moving on.  I drove it to the repair shop a week ago, but have heard nothing yet."
So happy I purchased this machine.. The features it includes is everything I wanted..
It works wonderful even better than I expected !
Sews nicely until from out of nowhere the bobbin jams (a lot). I get a big thread mess underneath with fabric stuck in the needle hole and it make this horrible grinding noise until I shut it off.  I have been sewing for 55 years with just about every type of machine along the way. I never had this kind of problem ever.  Garbage.
"So far so good! Was trying to talk myself out of a new machine until my 37 year old Singer started to act up a bit.
Very pleased with the 9960, still learning new tricks with it. Price is absolutely fantastic. Thank you"
"I just got this machine as a gift and I LOVE IT!!  My previous machine was a fully-mechanical, so all of the automated features this machine offers are quite the upgrade!  I have only had the machine for a few days, but I feel I have given it a good run through. I am a quilter, so the d&eacute;cor stitches are awesome to personalize something very simply.  I quilted a throw last night with the walking foot, and it was dream!  It went so quickly- I easily quilted a throw-size blanket.  I have also used this machine for piecing.  My previous machine was pedal-driven only, so I was anxious to try the start/stop feature of the 9960.  I was worried that would be hard to get used to, but I don't think I can go back to a pedal now.  I LOVE MY SINGER QUANTUM STYLIST 9960!!"
Love it love it love it.....
"This is a very enjoyable machine to use. I never thought using a sewing machine could ever be this easy, nor did I ever think I would ever own a machine with these features. I'm new to using a sewing machine,  I have an old uncomputerized machine that jammed often and made me think that I was just a bad sewer. Since using this new singer my skills have improved quicker than I ever thought I would. It tells me what foot is best suited for the stitch I'm using. It came with almost every foot
 a sewer could ever need. I love the lettering, I love the embroidery designs, and I love the built in storage on the unit and the incredible cover. What an amazing value! I made10 things in the first two weeks."
"This machine has a beautiful stitch and the motor purrs but there are serious issues with being able to wind the bobbin and changing the presser feet is really difficult. I have arthritis in my hands and purchased this machine so that I could sew since I can't do a lot of other things. Now I find that the return policy was only 30 days so I can't even return it. Now I have to figure out what to do. Hoping I can sell it online to someone who doesn't have the dexterity issues I have.
I have sewn for over 30 years and enjoyed a Singer machine for many of those years.
Somehow I missed that the bobbin had to be taken out and the machine unthreaded to fill the bobbin. What a pain! Then it take forever to get the thread through a tiny spot so that the bobbin will fill. I'm so disgusted with this machine. Please read all the reviews before buying these machines. I thought I had but missed a few that would have helped a lot."
i love my machine!! i couldn't be happier :)
Terrible machine --  bobbin constantly jams.  Sent it back.
This machine does everything I wanted.
"It was a big move for me to convert from a regular 40 year old Kenmore zigzag to this automatic machine p there is a learning curve.  For about 2 days I tried the hand stop and start but found it didn't work for me--my reactions were not quick enough and I lost my hand to control the fabric so I switched to the foot control and things really began to move along for me.  The tension was off at the beginning but as I sewed on making no adjustments it tightened up and now is excellent.
I had only a brief look at the zig zag but have focuesed most on straight stitch in quiling piecing of a pattern that is a real challenge to me.  I am learning alot and the results are showing it.  I'm really very pleased and look forward to slowly moving to the decorative stiching and other features..

I have had the machine just over a week and spent four evenings playing and working with it and am pleased with the process. At this point I think it has the features I will use and when I master the new options I will be very pleased."
Very nice
"I have had this machine for a while now, and I've waited to post a review so I could really figure out how I feel about it. Here goes:

This really is a nice little machine. For the price, I don't think there's a better one out there. However, I have only ever seen most of this guy's features on multi-thousand dollar models. Because of that, I was excited, thinking it would operate like an upper-end machine, but it does not.

I regularly use the auto-down needle, automatic thread trimmer, and some of the decorative stitches. The other features are pretty much a waste though. The auto-tacking stitch just makes a huge mess of the thread on the underside of your fabric. The automatic tension is usually adequate, but it can get sloppy. Straight stitches aren't always uniform (or straight) and the decorative stitches can just look like a big mess of stitches. The clear 1/4"" foot isn't really a 1/4"".

Anyway, like I said, for the price it's an excellent machine, but don't expect this model to have the fit and finish of those you've seen costing thousands more."
Love the machine except that the reverse button - machine too slow going backwards and it always does 2+ stitches when only wanting 1 !Other that that - so far sew good
"Sews like a dream!  Also on YouTube there are videos on how and what this baby can do!  Well worth the viewing before receiving.  Felt like
I knew the machine perfectly and was able to start right in sewing.  Lovely lovely machine, don't hesitate at this price.  If I was to have anything negative to say is that there is no 'knee lift,'  and that the little light is so very intense over the foot, that it is almost blinding after sewing for a couple of hours.  Fixed that easily by using 'white out' correcting ink on the foot.  Cannot hardly wait to use all the decorative stitches! Thank you Singer!"
"By far my favorite machine ever!  After 3 berninas, 2 janomes, etc over 5 decades the 9980 is the best.  Super quiet.  The LED light is pretty horrid but with an OTT light to your left I am more than satisfied. As an FYI having cleaned and serviced over 50 vintage machines of all makes i DO clean thoroughly after every project  Contrary to the manual that says no oiling needed I put a drop of oil in all the usual places, basically anything that moves.  it runs smooth as silk.  I had purchased thru Amazon the 9960 and gave it three stars. It ran rough and loud. What a difference for just a little bit more $$$"
"The first one I ordered worked for two days.  I thought maybe it was just a lemon and returned it and got another one.  The second one worked for about the same length of time.  It sewed about 6 inches on a thin quilt and wouldn't sew any more. I loved all the accessories and the extension table, but they are worthless if the machine will not sew."
Amazingly easy machine to use.  A definite winner.
Love it!
So far I love this machine.  The needle thread and thread cut features are so awesome and save so much time.  I'm just getting back into sewing after a lot of years.
FABULOUS !  I love it. I've had two other Singer machines that I loved also but this one is so great I don't know how I did without it. Very speedy delivery as well.
The machine is heavy duty.  It will sew through denim like crazy but the embroidery side is not as good as advertised.
I couldn't be happier with my new sawing machine! I still have a lot of thing to discover but I am starting with the basics and so far I am very happy with it. I ended up getting this model because it had the extension table which is missing from the other models... expensive models that is.. So far this little guy offers just what I need!
I love this machine. It's right at my sewing level which is intermediate. I got great features without spending thousands.
"0ne of the best I have . will have fun for year to come.
also have singer 420"
"I love this machine. I like crafting a lot and had learned sewing years ago in middle school. I decided I want to do my own alternation for my clothes and decided on this machine. After a bit of research, I've decided on this machine. Deciding factors: The accessories it came with. Yes, you can sew almost everything with the same foot but these other foots makes it so much easier to do certain stitches. It already comes with a hard cover and can do a lot of different stitches. I do wish it came with something to hold bigger spools of thread but most machines doesn't. I like that I never had to oil it. Cleaning it is easy, I usually just use an air can and spread the needle plate area down."
This is my second Quantum Stylist and I just love the quietness  while sewing.
"This machine is AMAZING.  NO words can explain it.  Has too many features that I haven't even tested all of them.  Lots of instructional videos on YouTube.  Super easy to use, and pretty quiet.  LOVE LOVE LOVE worth the price."
I love this machine!! Very smooth. The extended table make sewing big items (quilts)!! I love the auto threader and thread cutter. I never had a push button machine before!  All the special and decorative stitches are fun !  It's easy enough for new sewers and fun for veteran sewers too!
"This machine is very nice when it works, but the main circuit board went out at about 3 months.  The warranty covered parts and labor, but the nearest authorized repair place was more than an hour away (and I live in a major metropolis!). Then it took many weeks to get the replacement part so I could get the machine back.  If I had to pay for the part and service, I would have junked it because the cost would have been more than I paid for the machine.  I have 3 vintage machines from the late 1960's - early 70's, and they can still do almost everything this new machine can do, although a little less conveniently.  They'll probably still work long after this machine goes into a landfill.  What a shame that Singer's famous name has been destroyed by people interested only in profit.

UPDATE: Now I've had the machine working trouble-free since I got it back from the repair in 2013. So, I have to say that 4 years of use - and I use it a lot! - have convinced me that the problem I had at 3 months was probably not at all typical of this machine. I would give it 5 stars except for the experience of having to go so far out of my way for service and the absurd delay in getting the replacement part. The people who had the shop where I had it worked on were wonderful, but they could do nothing about getting the part faster. Possibly this process has improved since that time. The machine has served me well for 4 years, and I do not regret buying it, especially for the very reasonable price at the time.  I have been sewing for more than 50 years, and this machine ultimately fulfilled my expectations very well."
"I've read a lot of different reviews on this machine.  I LOVE my machine!!!  In case you did not know, YOUTUBE has 16 different instructional videos for this machine.  If you're new at sewing, YT gives you step by step, andyou can play it over and over again until you are able to do that task you can't seem to achieve.  It goes through the threading part(a great help to me), also, it goes through each presser foot>  Oh, I forgot-the instructions are FREE!"
I love this machine.  Sews beautifully.  Easy to use.  I would have given it a 5 star rating except for the buttons on the front panel.  While sewing I have bumped them with the fabric or my hand and it will change the pattern you are using.  The beep will sound when it happens so you can fix it easily.  These buttons are pretty close to the sewers hand and fabric.
I am very pleased singer is winning back my respect I have purchased many of these machines for my family they are very happy as well
Absolutely amazing machine.  I have never been happier.  I highly recommend this machine.  Shipping was awesome as well.  I received in 2 days and it was in the morning so I didn't have to wait all day long.  Very happy.
Love this and great price
"Got this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it, works great and she says it's the best one she's owned so far."
"Okay...admittedly I am extremely frustrated right now, but really!  I have had this machine less than a year.  I use it exclusively for quilting. The drop feed feature has never worked, oh sure you can drop them, but getting them back up?, good luck. The auto thread cutter doesn't work half the time, and with their auto length string that is left, the machine needle unthreads itself.  I spend so much time rethreading. If I could afford another machine, I would definitely be shopping.  So disappointed."
"Love this machine.  Singer has good customer support, plus there's a Facebook group of people who have this machine.  We share project ideas and help solve any concerns."
Superb machine that made threading and sewing a breeze.  I first used this machine at my daughter's house and I couldn't wait to get home and purchasr it for myself.  I have rediscovered the joys of sewing in my retirement.
"I love my Singer Sewing Machine. My old Singer was 37 years old. It finally ""Died"":(
I was very apprehensive about purchasing a new machine. I am so thrilled I decided on this
model.  It has preformed beautifully.  The only thing I wish it had is a ""Self - winding""
bobbin. I would highly recommend this model."
I love the machine
Beautiful machine and the price is so long for such a product
"I have only had this about 6 months, it worked good at first then it started to make loud noises and shaking, I did notice prior to this that the top thread leaves huge bunches of the top thread on  the bottom, and I have tried adjusting the tension, looking under the bobbin and cleaning it, rewinding the bobbin, rethreading, different threads.  It will work good for a bit then starts all over again.  I ordered specifically the right bobbin that was specified in the manual, when I ordered this machine.  This is not my first machine and I sew all the time.  I have had this machine in the shop 3 times so far, to not buy this machine."
"Just received mine and still taking it out of the box, so I really can't comment on the machine.  But I want to repost an excellent resource that I picked up from one of the comments (sorry, there are so many reviewers that I can't find it now or I would give credit).  But someone recommended ""Strikesmyfancy"" -- both youtube channel and website.

EXCELLENT progressive tutorials, starting from how to load the thread, thread the needle, load the bobbin and on and on.  I am now up to #5 (Roxanne goes into fancy stitches in #4 and lettering in #5).

FABULOUS!  MUCH better than trying to sort through a manual.  I have never used a computerized machine and it is over 40-years since I've sewn at all.  Now I am not afraid to get going!

Checkitout! :)"
"What a wonderful machine! I don't know that I will use all the available stitches, but I like knowing I have them. The best feature is all the different feet that come with it. And, what did I ever do without an automatic thread cutter!!"
Do not like the extension table it does not fit tight to the machine and the leges move very easily  The machine is very quiet and works like a dream
perfect price/quality
Still finding how this works
"I'm Sew Crazy since buying this machine a few months ago.  As a novice sewer- one who only hand sewed when a button popped of, or if something needed mending. I was reluctant to take the giant step into sewing machine land. At first this machine was a bit overwhelming with all the value added features and 600 different stitches available. but i took the first running step and made the purchase. It arrived within a few days, and I sat there in awe sort of like the apes in 2001 A Space Odyssey staring at  the monolith... then I can hear that theme music...I opened the instruction manual and learned to thread the bobbin, then the needle... The Dawn Of A New Age... No more running to the tailor shop to have men's pants altered and hemmed. Bought those summer shorts but lost weight? no problem... machine sewed darts.  I ventured onto toss cushions.. I learned how to do an invisible zipper.  Curtains.... Limitless possibilities. Special thanks to Roxanne on Youtube for providing additional instruction on this machine. This machine was a great investment for a beginner ...I felt it was value for money, I don't understand many of the negative reviews, maybe people just like to complain when they don't throughly review and understand instructions."
I love my sewing machine!  Just what I was looking for.
"This machine was a replacement for a different machine purchased at a box store. I returned it because it couldn't sew without the bobbin thread balling up and jamming. I tried all the usual remedies(tension, rethreading bobbin and such), got fed up and took it back. I was wary about buying a sewing machine online and buying a Singer. Some of the reviews made me nervous. I am happy with it so far. I have finished a few half completed projects and had no issues. I have tried out a few decorative stitches with no difficulties. The instruction manual is great. The directions are thourogh and understandable. I had no trouble setting it up and winding the bobbin or threading it. I like the automatic tension, it is something that I've never liked fiddling with. It comes with just about every foot you would ever need, some I didn't know existed. I had no trouble sewing through several layers of fabric. I am expecting this machine to last a long time."
its a good machine its not quite what i was looking for!!
"I paid $600 for this machine on sale at Michaels. However, after using the machine only 1 month, the bobbin case needs to be replaced which is $80-100. I'm sick about this. I only straight stitch two pieces of cotton material together. Good thing I didn't try anything else. I have an old Kenmore sewing machine that has worked for years and has never given me the problems this machine has. Another disappointment is that you cannot open the machine to clean, etc. VERY DISAPPOINTED...WILL NEVER BUY A SINGER MACHINE AGAIN!"
"I have not used a sewing machine in years, and never used one very well.  I have owned two machines over the years, but they sat in my closet unused because they were temperamental and difficult to thread.  Within an hour of opening the box, I was using the Singer 9960 to repair my husband's pants (yes, I actually felt comfortable working on something that I didn't want to mess up).  I debated whether to buy this machine or the highly recommended Brother with a lot of the same features.  I wanted a machine I could grow into, but did not want one that would be difficult to use.  The reviews seemed to indicate that the Singer would not be good for a beginner.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  This machine is a dream and I am really glad that I selected it.  Features that I love:  automatic needle threader; thread cutter; drop in bobbin; and speed control.  The manual is very well written and easy to use.  I also found great tutorials on YouTube and plan to watch all of them.  I am sure the Brother is a very good machine, and you cannot beat the price, but I am really glad that I chose the Singer."
"Works wonderfully. So easy to thread, but needle threader has to be done just right to work."
Love this machine.  I have Viking/Husqvarna machines for embroidery and use this one for sewing and quilting.  Such a good machine for the price.
Wife really loves the machine especially the feature that cuts the thread when you stop sewing & push the button.
I love this sewing machine and all of the accessories are nice to have. haven't had any problems.
I bought this for my wife as a late Christmas present.  This is her first ever quality sewing machine and she loves it.  In the past she has always had secondhand or cheap sewing machines.  All she talks about now is how much easier it is to sew with this machine than it was with her past ones.  The automatic functions on this machine is one of the particular things she loves the most.  She is about to finish her first quilt for our young daughter.  If/when I have to replace this one we will certainly look at similar models.
"My husband bought this for me for Christmas and I wasn't sure it was going to perform as well as my old tried and true heavy 40 year old Singer, but it works beautifully.  I especially like the buttonhole and button attachments.  Makes finishing a garment much faster."
This sewing machine has surpassed my expectations. So many stitches to choose from yet the basics are so easy to access. I'll never need another sewing machine.
Love it
Ive used the sewing machine intermittently for about a year and only had the pleasure of making two dresses without problems. Now Im having issues getting the foot control to work. This is so frustrating because the machine has been hardly used in order to have this type of problem so soon. Ive been sewing since I was a teenager and used many machines but this one takes the cake for early mechanical issues. What a shame because it sews great and is so quiet when its working. Now I have to figure out where to take it for repairs. This is so disappointing. Im so glad I got it at a reduced price.
"I LOVE this sewing machine! I was previously using a basic Brother model, which served its purpose for quite a while. For reference, I'm only a ""hobby"" seamstress as I use my machine to make handbags and makeup bags from fabric. I'm certainly not an expert when it comes to making clothing. That said, this machine makes it really easy for me to create my items, and it's already so much better than my previous machine. It's easy to use, even for someone like me (the top area where the thread goes has all of the stitches listed so it's easy to find the one you want). I love that there isn't a foot pedal with this as it's easier for me to use my machine at my dining room table (which is a bar-style table that's high off the floor). If I had to use the foot pedal it would not work very well for me. You have the option of still using it for those of you who are used to it, but personally I've now found that I prefer just pressing the start/stop button with my hands. Overall I'm quite pleased with this purchase"
Great sewing machine. Quality of machine is outstanding  Easy to use
Piece of junk. U should never sell singers ever again.
"I am enjoying this machine
 I have had it almost a month! I love the automatic thread cutter and the many stich patterns. I haven't quite figured out how to use most of the fancy extras in this machine, but I will as soon as I can"
Excellent product. Met all expectations.
Fast delivery. Great product.
An excellent machine sewing . Silent . Precise point . Beautiful embroidery stitches . I recommend.
love this machine
Thanks
"I love this machine, still learning. Thank God for U-Tube video's."
I got my order on time as promised..Awesome machine..gives me what I need in my sewing needs. Very good in embroidery as long as you put the right gauge of thread.
"Love my sewing machine. I've had it for over a year now, and even though I don't get to use it often it's really easy to just start using it without having to refresh on everything."
"I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this Singer Quantum Stylist 9960!!!  After many hours researching for the best sewing machine for me, I couldn't  be happier. FANTASTIC price, impressive features and I still can't get over how incredibly FAST I received it. ONE DAY.  That's it, ordered on a Saturday, delivered the very next day."
"This machine has met all my expectations.  It has lots of extra features found on much more expensive machines.  I watched several you tube videos and was off and sewing in about an hour.  I have completed several projects and am very happy with my purchase.  Haven't tried all the stitches, but the ones I have tried have been easy to program and figure out.  Have used one of the special quilting features, with good results.  I have been sewing for years, but am only marginally good at it.  I find now, that my frustration was with the machine I was trying to use.  The Quantum Stylist has taken much of that away.  The tension is automatically adjusted, and has worked well on a number of materials, it is easy to thread, and wind bobbins. I had some difficulty with the needle threader initially, but that was a quick remedy.  I used the book and saw I did not have the needle in the right position, it has to be all the way up.  I look forward to many years of happy sewing.  I bought this as a gift to myself, very happy I did."
Ordered this machine because it was advertised to be an embroidery machine. My wife just opened the machine to read the instructions and found out it only did a few letters. NOT AN EMBROIDERY MACHINE. Now because she waited to open it until now. Figured out now not an embroidery machine. Had a return and was sick and unable to ship it. Now they will not take it back.
Very nice machine. Loved everything about it- except for an automatic threader that either didn't work or wouldn't work for me. Poor eyesight makes an excellent threader a must for me so I had to send it back. Darn! The screen is large and very easy to use. Lots of stitch options! All of the bells and whistles. Stitching is very smooth. Just wish that they had spent a few pennies putting in the high end threader.
Awesome machine. Easy to use. Love this machine.
"I love this machine! My first project was repurposing some pleated, thermal backed drapes. It sewed through the heavy fabric layers like cutting butter. I am also working on block quilts for my grand children, so will be learning even more of its qualities soon. Love it!"
"It has sewn through several layers of medium weight fabric without any trouble. It's already been used a lot and as long as you are experienced at sewing, this is an excellent machine. There are 13 videos on YouTube that give complete instructions. Even though I didn't think I needed them, they were informative."
"This isn't really a ""sit right down and sew"" machine, you will want to run through the user manual first,  and the shortcut buttons (close to the needle end) are are a bit inconvenient, enough so that I prefer the foot pedal to the auto start.  All in all, I do like it and would recommend it for the price."
Love it!!!
Love this machine been sewing for 42 years
"Love this machine, it even sews through leather."
its not new product. someone already open it and used it. also have some scratch on it. not like what im expect. but don't have time to reture it.
"I love it.  The easist machine I have ever used.  Took way to long to ship, it arrived on the last possible day."
"Received this as a Christmas gift December 2014 and took it from the box and set it on my sewing table and walked away for about a month and half until I had projects.  I recently layed out my projects and went to see on the brand new machine and the machine jammed, then the dogs feed stopped working. And the stitches aren't tight all loose underneath. I've tried everything to fix it so I called customer service of singer (first day I called was 45 minutes before they closed) well I was on hold all 45 minutes until they closed and was told to try back the following day. So today I called and was on hold for over 2 hours.  That's ridiculous for anyone to get help.  Was also told there aren't any repair shops in my state and I'd have to pay to have it reboxed and shipped to Idaho to be repaired and could take 8-12 weeks.  I find this practice unfair and not good sservice.

I'm calling Amazon tomorrow about this issue. It's very disturbing their service at singer is so low in standards."
Great
"I have been using singers sewing machines for the last thirty years, and this one is the best, I love it, makes me want to sew sew sew. (LOL)"
Very pleased
Gift for a daughter. She loves it
"I've only used the machine a few times, but I love the ease of using it. A definiate step up from my last one! Thanks Singer."
Love using the machine just wish it went a little faster :)
"I am so very pleased with this purchase! Why did I not have a machine this good for the last 20 years! Very smooth running, great lighting, awesome thread cutting at the end of a stitch, very nice additional tools came with it also. I couldn't be happier with this purchase!"
Every thing I was looking for in a new machine!
"This sewing machine is INCREDIBLE. I just can't say more than how great it is. I am not a craftsy type of person, although, I would like to be. As I have never sewn before, I was a bit intimidated thinking I would waste my money on something I'd never use. This machine make it very EASY and makes it FUN to learn. Even my teacher at my first lesson said that this machine was very good.

You won't regret it. Glad I went with the reviews here. They are spot on."
I just started sewing recently and this machine is great.
"It did not meet my expectation. I am sending it back, it had a lot of problems, The stitches were not good, zig zag had a delay when stitching, It breaks needles, does not pick up the thread when the presser foot is let down like it was advertised.  It jamed the material, does not thread the needle, it came with presser feets that did not match the accessories in the instruction mannual. I was very disappointed. I love it if it worked like
it was advertised."
Love my new sewing machine and al the extras that came with it!!
"I have had this machine for about a couple of months. It was a gift. I understand that it was bought on Amazon but it was missing a couple of presser feet and some accessories but Amazon wouldn't help me. Other then that, I love the machine. There is a Facebook fan page that has videos on every aspect of the machine so you should check them out. The page is called Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 Fans. I should have given this 5 stars but the other star is missing because of Amazon's customer service on this matter. But the machine does deserve 5 stars! Check out Roxanne Blanc's videos on YouTube for this machine. She has 16 videos explaining all of the parts. If you are thinking of buying it, you should check those out!"
"I am really disappointed in Singer, after using it maybe 30 minutes, the automatic cutter wouldn't work and it was making terrible noises so I took it apart and made sure it was clean, still won't work but I waited to long to return it."
"The product itself seems great... when it works.  I had only 1 issue when buying this and that was the reports of Singer's customer service... and the reports that it is horrible are beyond correct.  It took 7 days to even get a response when I had a defective unit.  I tried to go through singer... but eventually did an exchange with Amazon.  Amazon took care of me, when even Singer would not.  The ONLY reason I give this even 3 stars is because it is a good machine, despite a COMPLETE LACK of any customer service."
"I absolutely love my machine!  I haven't had it long enough to give a good review, but I originally purchased one just like it on Ebay.  It had a few minor things wrong with it, but I sent it back after I found out that there was no warranty on it because it was on Ebay.  The sellers were great about it!  This machine is so quiet and so much nicer than the last one I had. It has so many features that I love.  The only thing that I didn't like was that it did not offer the extra feet, the extension table and the hard cover as the Singer Quantam 9960, yet it cost more money.  The 9960 was the one I originally wanted but they were out of stock everywhere.  This one does have a lot more stitches to offer and a wonderful, easy on the eye, screen where stitches can be changed with the touch of the finger.  For the money, it offers way more than other brands that do the same thing or less."
"Its no viking,which my grandma has and has had for 10 or more years, but they packed a lot of nice features into it. After I removed the plastic film It did have some stains on the top of it. I believe it was probably oil or something and it did go away after scrubbing with some cleaner and a rag. I've had very little issues with it jamming..  The needle threader is somewhat miss aligned and is not the best to use. Overall im very happy with it. Also must note that it was a lot cheaper when i ordered it. I paid $332 for it.."
perfect!!!!!
i love this sewing machine
Great machine for quilting and I love the decorative stiches.
Love it!!!
"Have two residents, have 1 in each home!"
Just what I was looking for!
i like very much still learning to use it
"It does a lot, but it's hard to learn."
I am in dream land. This is a wonderful machine. A great replacement for my 1970 White that just had straight stich and zigzag.
Love this sewing machine! This is my second machine and I can't believe how nice this is for the money! Does so much and love the auto thread!
"I bought this as a surprise gift for my wife a little over a year ago.  She has since taken a job working for a local tailoring shop, she also now makes all my dress shirts for work (Egyptian cotton and even one in full denim, mother of pearl buttons, split yolks, several different cuff styles).  She does a whole range of work for the shop from easy to very difficult.  This machine handles it all, although the plastic piece did finally break a couple of months ago, but she repaired it with a little super glue and a file and it has been working fine since.  In the end, I look like an awesome husband who bought a very thoughtful gift (which I am haha)."
Love it!
"Not as good as my previous Singer that died after 25 yrs. Make too many noises but will have to do. Like the embroidery, letters are larger than on the previous machine."
Bought for a friend. She LOVES this machine. She is a intermediate sewer and is so excited about all the things this machine can do. Great purchase!
"Very nice for a part time user. I have been sewing for many years, but only do occasional projects now. It is a little slow, even on the high speed setting. Nice range of options. Fonts are small - there was no mention of the size in the description so that was a surprise."
"I've had this machine 1.5 years, sew daily and love this machine! I haven't had any issues. I use the appropriate needle for the project and clean under the bobbin mechanism every few weeks and still get great stitches. I LOVE the auto thread cutting feature. I don't know how this machine compares to higher end models (more expensive) but I know I am very happy with the bonus feet, the many features and the stitching. I mostly sew clothes with various weights of woven and knit fabrics and have had excellent results. I would recommend this machine highly to the home sewer looking to upgrade their sewing, and to the seasoned sewist who wants the fancy features but not the fancy price tag."
the best of the best sewing machines ever made.
WONDERFUL MACHINE FOR THE PRICE!!!!!
Great price - I got it on Black friday online. Does much more than expected. I am a quilter and it is excellent. The little attachable table is great.
"Amazing machine! I researched for a new machine to replace my Shark from ages ago. I decided to buy a lesser grade Singer from Wal-Mart. BIG mistake. I used it less than a week before it started jamming. I run a business and jamming issues just do not work for me. I took it back and purchased the Quantum 9960. Not only did I get a GREAT deal, but thi machine is a dream. Sews through multiple layers with ease and no jamming issues whatsoever! I am in love! My only complaint is it doesn't sew larger buttonholes. I will remedy this, however, by getting smaller buttons. I recommend this machine for beginners and experts. It's absolutely wonderful and worth the purchase. A dealer quality machine. I do not see myself needing to purchase another one for quite some time."
Very nice. Had all features I was looking for and some I did not know I was getting.  I would recommend it.
"I upgraded to the Singer Quantum 9960 from my wonderful Brother machine. After using a machine in my quilting class that had an automatic thread cutter I wanted this feature and I wanted a heavier machine. I've used the Singer only for quilt piecing but I like the way it sews. I even got the needle threader to work on this machine (I couldn't get it to work on my Brother). I looked at several machines before purchasing this one and talked to a very knowledgeable sales rep at JoAnns. The only machine that had all of the features the 9960 has was a Singer selling (on sale) for $699.00. JoAnns only sells Singer and they do not carry the 9960 in their stores. Price, quality, and feature wise, the Singer was the best choice for me and I am delighted with my purchase. As always, Amazon delivered in record time. So far, very satisfied with this purchase!"
"fabulous machine, easy to use and very quiet.  Lots of extras"
Great deal!
thankyou
You will love this machine!!!  I've been sewing since I was 12 (that's 45 years WOW).  I've been through many machines but I think this one has to be the best sewing machine I have ever had.  I only got it yesterday but I am so so happy with it.  I stayed up till midnight getting to know it by playing with all the stitches it has.  You will not be dissappointed in this sewing machine.
"I love all the functions of this sewing machine.  It seems like an excellent bunch of features for the price, which was why I settled on this one despite Singer's not-so-great quality reputation.

The first machine that arrived was broken.  The second that arrived, was also broken (in a different way).  There won't be a third one.

Amazon is great, but I don't want to keep replacing the machine over and over until I get one that works."
Just now was able to open and it does not include the power cord!  So can't really review.
"My wife loved this, which is why I got it - so for me, that's 5-stars.
I do not know much about it, but she says it does more than she thinks she would ever need and she treasures it.
She uses it to make handmade children's clothes along with her overlock machine, so its clearly up to that task."
"I have owned several other machines including the Singer 7285Q from Joann. This is the best machine I have ever used and with all of the accessories and extra presser feet it is a great value. I have made several items including 2 quilts since owning it and still have a lot to learn and try out.

Threading is a breeze and so is selecting the stitch type and making any adjustments to it. I have sewn on several fabric types with no tension issues and it is really quiet. The only thing negative I have to say is that I don't really like the little blade on the back that is used for manually cutting the thread but with the automatic thread cutter it really isn't needed anyway. The other thing is that I think the quilting straight stitch (1/4"") foot is not the best. I wish it had a guide on it instead of me having to align to the edge of the foot. Maybe I am using it incorrectly though because I am a beginner.

Overall I love it and would recommend it to a friend. If you're thinking you will get a better machine with all of these accessories for a better price I doubt you will so just go ahead and take the plunge on this."
"I had a Husqvarna Viking and bought this Singer machine as a back up.  I found I actually liked sewing with this machine better than the Viking so I continued to use it for all my craft sewing.  My favorite feature is the automatic thread cutter.  I swear all sewing machine makers that don't have it are in cahoots with the thread companies to make you have to waste thread and then buy more.

That being said, I had this machine 2 years and 5 months and it needed serious and costly repair twice.  Actually once, because after the first repair, I vowed not to waste the money to have it repaired a second time since it would be more economical at that point to just buy a new machine (which I am currently looking for).  The problem both times is that the mechanism that moves the needle up and down can get bent and cause the machine to just stop working (the needle goes down, makes a God-awful grinding noise, and seizes up).  The repairman who fixed it the first time says that this happens from running over pins or hitting zipper teeth or ends, or things like that.  My feeling is, a good machine should be able to run over a pin without breaking.  After all, this is part of sewing.

It's a shame, because when it was working, it was a great machine."
This is an amazing machine for the money. Have only had mine for a couple months so am still learning it's many features but find the manual very easy to understand. I came from a basic Bernina that proved to be ever capable and dependable but after 20 years of heavy use was beginning to develop issues. I put it aside for my granddaughter to learn on and began to shop for a new machine though I really didn't want to spend thousands on a new Bernina. The Quantum 9960 caught my eye primarily because of the price. So far it has not disappointed me!  Perhaps I will update this review after a few more months of use but do not expect to offer any negative comments.
"Received on time; and, happily, better than I thought it would be"
Good
"I've used it to make pillows for my cousins and am now making a quilt.  I love this machine. If purrs like a kitten and I can sew as fast or as slow as I like.  So far I have not seen any missed stitches.  I have practiced using most of the feet and they do wonderfully but I noticed that the embroidery or free motion sewing foot does not get close enought to the fabric.  I guess you always need a hoop.  On my other machine I didn't need a hoop to free motion. I tried to use my old free motion foot because it's for singer but it doesn't work.  It also would be nice if you could increase the size of the alphabet letters when sewing a name.  Overall I am very happy with this machine. I love, love it."
It was everything I needed!
"Bought this Singer (I grew up using a Singer) and hoped it would live up to its name.  It did not.  It is poorly made and just 'cheap'.  I returned it to Amazon without any questions/problems.  In its stead, I purchased a VIKING and, so far, have been quite pleased with it."
My wife is really enjoying her new machine.
"Great deal on a very high-quality machine,  thanks"
"I've had this machine for almost two years, and I love it.  Easily the best performing machine I have ever owned, and a great value at Amazon pricing.  Favorite features:  auto thread cutting, variable stitch speeds, over 600 decorative stitches, quiet, ability to raise the presser foot shank up higher to get quilts or multiple layers placed under the needle, easy to thread, easy to set up for bobbin winding, the wide extension table for quilting, and all the included presser feet....I could go on and on.  The only feature I can't get to work well is the automatic needle threader, just couldn't get it to work easily, got frustrated and gave up.  But to me that's a little thing and I love everything else about this machine. I use it several times a week - it's a workhorse!"
"This is a great machine for the price.  I got it 9/13 and have loved it...for one year.  I am a quilter and used it for quilting and applique.  December 2014 it just stopped working--lights were on but nothing would happen.  Of course the warranty was 1 year and I was just over.  I emailed Singer and got no where, except to tell me I had to pay to ship it and pay labor.  I called (twice) and was on hold over 1 hour each time.  Finally they agreed to pay to fix it, but I had to pay shipping; not cheap for a 28 pound machine.  It came back quickly with a fuse replaced.  I used it a total of 2 times and the same thing happened again!  The repair place is perplexed.  He says he gets this model in a lot and it almost always needs a new fuse.  Our local repair person said Singers aren't what they used to be...so buyer beware!  I'm so frustrated and disappointed.  This could have been such a great machine with all the extras it has.

Update:

After having the machine fixed that last time, almost one year to the day the machine broke again, same issue.  I've had the machine 3 years and a fuse has blown 3 times!  This time Singer was unwilling to help initially, but after a few phone calls and emails they extended the warranty again.  After waiting a month to get it back, I pulled it out of the box and plugged it in, only to find the screen is blank.  I am beyond frustrated.  Even though this machine offers great features for the price, I am likely to just buy a base model of one of the better machines."
"Love it, Love it, Love it.  It is a great machine at a great price.  Easy to use and has so many functions.  the manual that came with the machine is very easy to read........."
"I was so excited to get a new machine after my basic 10 year old model from middle school started having issues. On the FIRST DAY that I used this machine - fresh out of the box, the machine just stopped mid-stitch and wouldn't move forward. The start/stop light did not even turn from green to red, which it should have done, and there was no error on the screen. After pressing the start button again, it moved forward but is skipping stitches! And not just a few stitches, large patches of stitches. This is only 3 layers of fabric (cotton, thin flannel, and cotton), and I don't see any reason why this should be a problem for this machine. I keep trying, and the same thing keeps happening. But I'll take it to a single piece of fabric, and it works fine. I'm so frustrated and disappointed!  After reading all the reviews, I believed I was making a good choice and would have a machine I would be happy with for years. Unfortunately, it's definitely going to have to be returned.

Side note: Granted, I can just switch to the foot control instead of using the machine buttons, but the machine should not be behaving like this or skipping stitches."
"I love this machine.  It has more than exceeded my expectations.  It is very easy to use.  Threading the needle is not a chore anymore.  Even if you are a beginner,  this sewing machine is a breeze to use.  I highly recommend it."
my wife was very happy and excided about it
love it
wonderful sewing maching
Excellent !!!!!!
"I ordered this machine and when it arrived, the embroidery function was not working correctly. That was the main reason I picked this particular model. I packed it up and sent it back. Amazon was fantastic. The new machine arrived before they received the malfunctioning one back. Great customer service! I have made numerous quilts, aprons and wine totes on this machine. I like the automatic thread cutting and the ease of threading the needle. The embroidery patterns are fun to use. I was also impressed with all of the extras included. I have been on Youtube seeing what some of the different feet and attachments can do and I plan on venturing out of my comfort zone to try different projects. It has been working well for me and the price is right. Thanks again, Amazon, for your easy return policy and your promptness!"
My wife loves it. Thanks
"I received this as a Christmas gift and have used it extensively since.  I wanted  to take the opportunity to try many of the features before reviewing.  Like others have said, I wouldn't recommend for a new sewer as it really is quite advanced.  I also find it a bit temperamental with basics such as winding the bobbin that might cause issues for ""newbies"".  I will also say that I had to return to first machine as the needle was just a bit out of alignment and the broader shaft of the needle would tap the presser foot on each stitch, causing a clicking sound (which got quite noisy at high speeds).  It didn't seem to affect function, but clearly was not right.  The replacement machine has no such issues and, as others have mentioned is whisper quiet.  With the ""bad"" out of the way, I can say that I am very happy with is machine and all that it does.  I have sewn everything from lightweight baby clothes to several layers of home decor fabric with heavy interfacing for heavy duty fabric totes without an issue.  The motor seems strong and has never bogged down as my previous machine did when reaching seam areas with multiple heavy layers of fabric.  The decorative stitches are great fun to try out.  If you are an intermediate sewer or someone looking to move up, I would recommend.  For those looking to start, I highly recommend the singer stylist which I had before this machine as a great place to start."
The best sewing  machine if ever owned!
I am extremely happy with this new machine.  It runs smooth and quiet and the large table surface is wonderful
"I have been sewing for over 20 years and was originally not excited about a machine that has too many features.  I bought it because of the ease in making button holes.  However, I have been using this for myself as well as having my daughter (9 years old) use it and it has been so easy and so much fun!  WE love it."
"I live in Australia and this is $1200 here in the local shops, I got this for $300 in amazon and just got myself a 120v to 240v transformer to make it work here, I was going to get my wife a simple one to just make a pillow case but even that was $500+ here for a no name brand, for some reason everything is expensive here in Australia,anyways I got this one and its like a nasa rocket ship as we have never used a sewing machine before so she hasn't even used it because she is worried she will break it, so we are slowing learning from youtube how it all works and yeah all good so far"
works great !!!
"Perfect for my travel sewing machine! I love to take it with me to classes. Easy to use with all the stitches I need for my sewign & quilting, Love it!"
This sewing machine meets all expectations.  Still finding new things that it can do.
"My wife loves it, no problems so far, keeping my fingers crossed."
alot of machine for  little money great awesome
"I purchased this machine 5 months ago.  I got the Singer because I'm experienced with the brand, and I didn't want to have to learn a whole new system.  I am an amateur, sewing basic bedding (easy quilt, bed skirt), pajamas, and fleece character items for my kids.  I do like to sew and DIY, so the machine has gotten a fair amount of use in that time.  I have had to unscrew and remove the plate on the sewing surface on about every other project to deal with some kind of jam or another.  I'm pretty handy, but this is silly.  The threading mechanism is very sensitive, resulting in faulty stitching and re-threading with great frequency.  Now, after 5 months, the tensioner has stopped working altogether on the machine, and I'm looking for service on a 5-month-old machine."
"My wife absolutely loved it. She said she was somewhat intimidated of it at first, but now she loves it!"
"I love, Love, LOVE this machine!
I've been trying out all the stitches, and learning all the techniques.
It came with all the attachments you could possible want. Runs quietly & smoothly.
I give it 2 thumbs up!"
"This is the best machine I have ever had.  Still trying to figure out all the stitches, but all in all this is a wonderful machine."
very good machine  worked as described.will recommend to my friends
"Great sewing machine, have everything you need to finish any project.
Thank You! Singer for make exelent machine....."
My wife loved getting this Singer! She's in awe of the abilities it has and the ease of use. Great buy
It is the best sewing machine  i have ever owned
"I Just receive my machine today! I was sooo excited because of all the reviews I read after extensive research,i'll give 5 stars for now I've tried for 30 min, doing some basics and decorative stiches, first thisng I noticed, very quite , soft, and powerfull motor, threading was very easy because I already have two other machines from singer and they have very similar threading system, came with all accessories, ill update my review after I read my manual and do a few projects with it, as im trying to built a small business to do decorative and personalized baby stuff. I also have brother Xr1300, Singer brilhance 6180, singer fashion mate with 60 stiches, I like them all, they all brand new machines, but  this one is my fave so far beautiful stiches, hopefully will stay that way.i totally recommend it!"
I am really pleased with my machine . But it don't cut the thread like it says I hope this is the only thing wrong with it right out of the gate  I sewed a block quilt together AND IT's SEWING IS GREAT . HAVEN'T GOT TO ALL THE FEATURES !!! SO FAR it is working great for the money it is a great sewing machine . It has a lot of extras that  came with the machine . It should have a HOOP  to use it is programed to do these functions but no hoop. I have to order one just to use that part of the machine bummer . I found it easy to use the bobbin was the only thing I had a problem with over all just didn't have it threaded right .
Love this sewing machine. Highly recommend it.
"This machine worked wonderfully for 8 months and one day it just seized up. I took it to a reputable, Singer certified dealer and was told it would cost a minimum of $150 to fix it. There is an electrical problem with the switch that tells the machine to sew. Neither the presser foot or the start/stop button will work."
"I bought this as a Christmas present to myself. I am a hobbyist; I sew everything from throw pillows to costumes for myself and my children. The bulk of my sewing is for Cosplay, however, as my children and I are regulars at comiccons. For seven years, I have used a lower-end Brother Project Runway sewing machine. It served its purpose. I have since taken a sewing class and have become better at sewing, so it was time for a step-up machine. I have researched several models extensively, but this Singer takes the cake. For the price, you get a lot of features, accessories (your usual tools, LOTS of presser feet, an extension table, and a hard cover/carrying case), and a whole menu of stitches. The machine itself is of solid metal construction; it is not light, so it makes sewing very quiet. It doesn't move around when you sew. Still, it is very portable. Its tension auto adjusts (which might not be for some); I've only experienced a couple of tangles. The feed dogs are awesome; yesterday, I sewed four layers of felt with interfacing, and it went through the machine with no snags or slow downs (make sure you use the correct type of needle when sewing thicker fabrics). The Quantum Stylist's sleek design is just icing on the cake; it stays in my living room without being an eyesore. Finally, the buttons and computerized features may be daunting to some, but with numerous tutorials on the internet, it's a cinch to learn how to use your machine."
"This is an excellent machine except for one thing, it makes some strange noises when first turned on. It still sews fine and the preprogrammed stitches work. It has many features that are not standard on machines in the same basic price range. This is a nice machine. I am happy I bought it and recommend it to anyone who is interested in sewing."
Got this sewing machine for my wife. This is her first machine and she has taught herself how to quilt with it and loves it. Great machine for the price.
I bought this for my wife and 8 year old daughter.  They have had a lot of fun with it.  My wife had a 30 year old machine and really liked the technological advances this machine had.  Thumbs up from both of them.
very good!!
Read about common issues with this sewing machine.  We ran into the same type issues.  A word of advice - choose a model that has less stitch patterns and is more efficient overall than a model with a plethora of stitches and is mediocre...
love it!
This machine is like driving a Cadillac.
"Read reviews, but I was a bit worried since it looked so difficult. I am new to sewing. It is easy to threat and do the bobbin, also the button hole is easy. Cuts my thread and is a dream machine. U-Tube videos show step by step help for those new sewers like me, really to help anyone learn visually the ins and outs of this machine. Just plug in singer 9960 and see all you might want to know. This machine is 1/2 the price of the TV ones."
"Bought this for a present, its a fantastic machine which is not available in Aus at the moment. The price difference between US and Aus for these machines makes it well worth importing even risking no warranty - at this price you can afford to replace the whole unit.
You will need a step down transformer as the power supply is not switchable to 240V, but works fine..the machine is rated at 55W power consumption - mentioning it here as that information is hard to find."
I was shipped 3 separate machines and each one was broken which showed how thin the plastic is and how cheaply they are made. After the 3rd broken machine I asked for a refund and ended up going to a local dealer and buying a different brand. Buyer beware this is a very cheaply made machine.
Amazing machine. I don't use it but my fiancee loves it. She does a lot of sewing and so far no problems. Easily a few hundred hours of use so far.
Very good machine.
"Great sewing machine. I've had it for about six months and use it frequently. Only complaint is that I sometimes have a problem with the tension, and when this happens the machine makes a funny noise. I can usually resolve this by cutting the thread and starting my stitch again.

Everything else is amazing. I love all the stitch patterns to choose from. I like that it comes with various foot pressers. The instruction manual is very comprehensive and shows how to use each piece. All in all, awesome machine!!"
Got this for my mother-in law. She absolutely loves it. She says its her favorite sewing machine ever. She's sewing things she's never sewed before.
"I've had this machine for about a month.  I like this machine over all... here are my comments on the machine, so far.

Pros:  Sews nice and quiet, the feed dog feeds well over thicker fabric, the machine light is nice and bright, it has a lot of extra attachments, a lot of stitches to choose from, it has all of the bells and whistles that make it a nice sewing machine.

Cons:  I do NOT like the threading of this machine.. they could have done a better threading design than this.  I don't like the bobbin threading design either.  I keep the left side panel off the machine so I can see where the thread goes when it disappears.  It requires a long ending thread ... if you don't have it long enough, the thread pulls right out of the needle and disappears when you start sewing again."
Works like a dream.
"I LOVE my machine. The only issue I've had has been the top thread breaking. I can't find the source of the issue, but every once in a while the thread will break and it doesn't matter how often I thread it after because it will continue to break. As if something were cutting it inside the machine. I was probably using the wrong foot or something and didn't realize it.

This is not a frequent issue, however. And, I use mine quite a bit. It's an amazing machine which does everything I have asked of it. Yay! I have definitely recommended this machine to all my friends looking to purchase something in this level of sewing."
"This was my first sewing machine ever and I love it. I have had it for little over a year and any little problem I have had I've been able to fix. It is an easy to use, reliable, and sturdy machine. I would definately recommend this machine to beginners and a well seasoned sew-er. I've almost used this machine every day since I've got in and it's so fun to use!"
Great machine and easy to use and setup
Great Machine.
"On time as promised.
My wife loves it!"
Did not come with extension table.  The description says it does. Why did I not get one.????
I love this machine . Very sturdy and it sews very well
"I just purchased the Singer Quantum 9960, but can not get it to stitch correctly.  I've tried rethreading multiple times both the upper and bobbin thread, different needles, different stitch lengths, and different fabrics.  The issue is that the stitch looks like one continuous thread as opposed to have tiny gaps in between (where the knot is hidden between the layers of fabric).  Plus the line is slightly wavy.  I've also tried multiple different tension settings and even tried making small tweaks to the lower tension by turning the small screw in the bobbin case.  Any advice would greatly be appreciated.  I so much want to love this machine.  For the price of $309 (Amazon) it has such great functionality, like the thread cutter.  (PS, I am using the basic straight stitch - tried both left and center)"
"Bought it in Oct. Love the machine. I quilt everyday, the self threader already brokebut machine is nice"
This machine is so easy to learn! I love it
"I am amazed at the features this machine has for the price. My other machine was a Singer also and less than a year old so I already had some of the features. I really liked it but I decided to upgrade anyway. I am glad I did. The thread cutter alone is worth it. I watched videos on YouTube before it even arrived in the mail so it was easy to get used to.

One of the major fabric stores just advertised the same machine for over $600 (much more than I paid with Amazon). Amazon has never let me down. They always have the best prices and service."
Absolutely great machine! So happy with this choice!
My loved it thanks so easy to use
Bought as a gift and is a wonderful Singer model at a great price.
very good still have to learn more features
"Bought this machine because of the range of stitches, but I find I get problems with thread bursting regularly and a terrible noise everytime I change the bobbin, and the machine takes alot of tweaking sometimes before I get to sew properly.  This just frustrate my patients most times. I think next time I will be purchasing a regular Brother, they work so much better than these fancy types."
"great value, great price, nice machine"
Excellent Machine! But get it from Joann Fabrics where it is only 419.99
Absolutely LOVE this machine and all the features it has.  Highly recommended for everyone.
"I got this thinking it will be a machine for a life time but NO! It had broken a month ago and to repair it I need $400! Computer chip is dead after 2 years of work (not that much time for this kind of product)! I cant find HOW to replace it here, but maybe somebody here will HELP!"
"After only a month of ownership, I am thrilled with this machine.  It meets all of my expectations.  Of course, there is a lot to learn, but I am enjoying just using it for the sewing projects I currently have going.  Eventually, I will play with everything else, but not until I have the basics down.  It would be nice if the lights were a bit brighter, but that's just me."
My wife loves it!! A happy wife makes it a happy life!!
thanks
I really love this machine - easy to use and wonderful features.
Amazing sewing machine. Replaced old Singer for my wife. Worth every penny
"I really liked this machine. Has many whistles and bells. But unfortunately I did return it and Amazon was wonderful with the return and refund. The main reason I purchased it was because of the alpha-numeric stitch function. It was good but not as good as I needed it to be. I wanted it for my husband's locksmith business to do some monogramming. The fonts & numbers just weren't as perfect as I wanted them to be. Such as the letter ""c"" and ""y"" were cut off and not completely stitched out. Also the numbers 8 and 9 weren't completely closed. I tried all kinds of material and stabilzers. I worked on it from the time I unpacked it threaded it with embroidery thread and worked on it all night. It didn't look like I needed it to. But that is just my personal preference. The machine itself is great. Many pretty decorative stitches. I would have kept it for everything else. I do own a Brother PE 770 and I will just have to stick with the hooping and embroider that way. But to all that are interested in this machine I gave it 5 stars because it really is a nice machine with many functions. Automatic threading and thread cutting, A really nice feature. Many added feet and accessories. Enjoy it if you decide to purchase it...You can't beat the price :-)"
Love this sewing machine!
"I love this machine! My machine came with a large collection of presser feet and a large extension table for working on quilting or large projects such as a coat or jacket. I am an intermediate to advanced level sewer and work on a large variety of project types. I don't think this machine would be good for super heavy duty quilting, but, I have used it for light quilting and it works great. It comes with a quilting bar which is really handy for more than just quilting. You can drop the feed dogs for free-hand motion, which is a really nice feature.

I use my machine mainly for sewing clothing, including a heavy winter coat and jackets, and I also love to make purses and other types of bags. This machne has no problem dealing with thick layers of fabrics. There are more than enough built in stitches, you can program your own stitch combinations and settings. Stitch elongation and mirroring are a cinch and really help make your projects look very professional.

The manual is pretty good, it gives a good overview of the features of the machine and also gives details about how to use each of the presser feet. It is in-depth enough to get you started and includes suggestions on which situation to use the various presser feet. There are several direct selection buttons for the most useful stitches. The others are accessed by using the function buttons, which are pretty easy to use. When you select a stitch, the LCD screen will display a recommended presser foot and will automatically set a stitch width and length that is typically used for the stitch selected. Of course, you can change the settings easily. This machine uses Low-Shank presser feet, should you ever need to purchase additional presser feet. Since low shank are pretty common, it is really easy and very inexpensive to add new pressser feet to your collection. The machine comes with an even feed foot, so you are already set to sew on virtually any fabric, including knits.

Speaking of knits, these are my favorite fabrics for tops and dresses, and this machine handles them just beautifully. With the wide variety of stitches and even feed foot I didn't need to purchase anything else in order to sew beautifully with knit fabrics.

This machine will take you a long way, you will be able to sew intermediate and advanced techniques with this machine."
"This is the fanciest sewing machine I've ever had and wow! I had no idea what I'd been missing. This machine has more stitches available than I will probably ever use, but I'm sure going to try. It sews beautifully and is a joy to use. I hate to love a possession, but I totally love this machine!"
i like it
Okay folks - know that this is a sophisticated electronic Star Wars piece of equipment.  The Grand Daughter (who is right at home with it) is helping Granny figure out how to get it going.  Absolutely no complaints but understand that this is not the old made in USA Singer of the 1950's.  This is a sophisticated electronic Star Wars piece of equipment (to us anyway).
Here the thing. I only had this sewing machine for 1 1/2 years. I bought this in May 2013. I have used it a lot. In November the bobbin case flipped around and the needle went right threw the bobbin case ( it's just plastic). So it wouldn't work right. I ordered a new bobbin case from singer  in November at the tune of $90.00. I haven't received it yet almost a month. I have had singer in the past always like them. Guess I just got a bum machine.  Was hoping to do some sewing for Christmas.  contacted customer service and haven't heard from them. I really loved the machine when it was working. So excited to have all the stitches and attachments.
Excellent!
excellent sewing machine
Great great great. It has enough things on the machine for the medium to advanced. I love the looks of it
"Still learning how to use everything this machine offers.  So far, it is great and easy to work with."
"I'm wishing I had more free time to play around with my new machine!  I've eyed this for years, and finally, finally bought it.  I've a deep love for drop-in bobbin features, but what wowed me more was the divine invention of the automatic thread cutter.  You never know what will thrill you until you try out your new machine, right?  I like the way the machine tells ME when the bobbin is full.  Usually, you're just winding one until next Thursday passes, but this machine beeps at you and stops.

I haven't had the chance to experiment with the mirrored stitch patterns yet, or the size adjustments of the funkier stitches.  I like that they're options and will certainly use them at some point.  But, for now, I have a machine that can operate with or without a foot pedal--so if you're not exactly set up in a fabulous workroom--you can still get the job done.  That's another feature I wasn't sure about, but wow, I've used the auto-stop and auto-start button instead of the foot pedal for a project and I think it's also quite genius.

The machine IS HEAVY.  I wouldn't be able to tote it around much, but let me really hit home how QUIET that powerful motor is!  You could sew at night without disturbing people, and I really mean that.  Sure, it makes noises, but even at higher speeds, you won't be listening to heavy thunking or feeling your table shaking.

The only bummer for me was the auto-threader feature, in that I can't really see the thing easily enough to tell I've got the thread lined up.  It takes several tries to get the threading done.  I don't have anyone under 40 sitting around here to help me thread needles, so I really hoped that would be easier.  It's not impossible--it's just that you'll still need your readers on and you might swear now and then.  But hey, that's the feature I wanted most to help me out and I guess we'll find a common ground one of these days.

I haven't tried the quilting extension table yet.  I haven't tried stitching anything heavier than a placemat either.  Judging from the motor, I don't expect to have any trouble with heavier weighted fabrics or layers.  I really just need more time off from work so I can sew more often."
Love it!
"I was looking for a machine that had lots of decorative stitches and was a good brand, so I chose this one.  It turns out, I don't use the decorative stitches as much as I thought, but there are so many to choose from and they look very nice.  Some have incredible detail and seem like embroidery with satin stitches added.  The letters you can string together are okay.  They are not as clear as I would like them to be and seem almost like an afterthought when put on this machine.  With that said, the machine is very powerful.  You don't have to use the foot pedal it comes with, but there are buttons to control the speed as well as starting and stopping -- all within reach of your hands as you guide the fabric.  All of the presser feet and the extended table make this a great deal and a very nice machine."
Very pleased - still getting used to the many features
"This  machine is cheap, cheap and not anywhere near the quality it says it is.  Impossible to make it thread with the threader.  Everything is cheap plastic.  I sent the machine back due to its cheap construction and still had to pay for the return.  Pathetic product."
"Have just started using this for basic sewing & playing with some of its features.  Excellent fun stitches.  Wanted the self threading, it is difficult to use, but will work.  I have not had an issue with noise or vibration, which others mentioned in reviews I found.  I am happy with this purchase.  My grandaughters sat down and used it for fun items in minutes.  Neither has done a great deal of sewing, so this machine teases them into trying something new."
"This machine is amazing. I was looking  at a Janome MC that cost 1,600 and this singer has the same features . I got it  within a week and am using it now. Just  playing right  now. Theres a 14 part users guide on youtube which was very helpful."
"Loved, loved, loved this machine! Until the reverse button physically jammed and now it doesn't sew. Oh, and a screw fell out when the button jammed..... UGH!"
"You can't beat it for the price.  I use it almost every day for quilting.  Very easy to use and if you ok ow how to sew, there is no learning curve."
Very good.  Fast shipping. Great condition. Like.
"wonderful machine!!!, what can't it do??"
I love it.  It is my dream machine.
"I must say that Singer did very good on this machine, very happy with it, the extra accessories helped, of course, prompt shipment and excellent service  was a great plus also.....highly recommend"
"treated myself to an upgrade and what a choice....after researching machines for several months, i decided to get this one.  it has so many features i was really looking for and the attachments included, well they are worth almost as much as what i paid for the machine.  I LOVE THIS.  best part...i don't need a serger, it comes with an overlocking foot and several stitches to use with the foot."
I loved all the features this machine came with but it seemed to struggle with the most basic projects. It didn't feel smooth or strong enough to take care of my daily sewing.
Unit was shipped broken. I'm sending it back.
love it
Love this machine!!!!!!
I was amazed when I received my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist! Is more then I expected from sewing machine...
Love it. Quiet and glad I bought it...
"button control makes sewing easier than peddle control, looks like more expensive machine. haven't had a lot pf time to play with it but appears to be very easy to change settings and stitches. Loving it!!"
"I love love love this sewing machine!!!!! Beautiful stich, so easy to use & switch feet & between stitches. I have sewn for 25 years and this is by far the best machine I've used. I remember when you had to drop in cams to change stitches!!"
Broke within a week of use. Singer (as far as new machines go) is dead to me.
"I wanted to use this machine for awhile before writing a review. I purchased this in Sept. 2013 and have used it pretty much on a daily bases. I have had no major problems at all with this machine. It runs quietly and smoothly. I have had no issues with thickness of fabrics. The needle threader might be a little touchy at first, but when I learned how it worked, it helped me to learn how to work it. I did bent the threader once while sewing a purse and that was my bad. It was simple to replace and I kept on sewing! I do wish I could adjust top thread tension because I quilt and like to use different color threads between the bobbin and the top thread and sometimes I get the peek-a-boo thread dot on the bottom. Plus if Singer Co. would have made it possible to lock the buttons on the control panel ; so that you don't accidentally hit them and change your stitch while sewing; that would have gave them 5 stars.  I have enjoyed the assorted decorative stitches, which has added nice detail on many projects. All the accessories are a huge plus. I have found them to be interchangeable with my other machines,  Even though I have other choices of machines to sew on I find myself sitting in front of this machine as first choice."
"This is an amazing machine!  I am in love with it.  It makes sewing lots of fun, and the needle threader is perfect for those of us who have failing eyesight.  I am having a blast making Christmas presents this year!  It comes with everything you will ever need to sew anything.  Remember to order extra bobbins....It takes the Singer 15J bobbins."
I bought the 2010 model of this machine for $500.00 and within 6 months it was back to the manufacture because thread had caught in many places on the cheap plastic and created jamming.  The machine was replaced by Singer under the warranty. Within 6 months the second machine was doing the same thing. Singer would do nothing.  The machine ended up in the trash.
Very good! I really love it.
"I am very pleased with this machine so far.  Especially like the drop-in-bobbin with a see through cover--a real time saver.  Haven't had a lot of time yet to use any of the decorative stitches but am looking forward to doing that.  So far, so good!  I would give the 9960 a five star rating thus far."
"I have only just begun to explore the features of this machine. I love what I've learned up to this point and based on the performance so far, I don't expect to be disappointed."
"I am in love with my Quantum Stylist. I don't have enough time right now to explain all the reasons I love it but let's just say it's fabulous. I've told everyone I know about it. My girlfriend is going to buy one also. I works so well! I love all the feet, free motion embroidery, its really heavy. I even named it because I love it like a family member. The stitches are soooo cool. Thanks Singer!"
Great price for all you get.
A beautiful machine
"I did my homework and checked out a number of sewing machines and finally decided on the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist. All I can say is I don't know why I didn't buy this machine sooner. Not only is it a great machine but a great value. I have been using it for several weeks now and I love it. It was a little intimidating at first but after finding instructions on the Internet on how to operate the machine, it made it much easier to understand and operate. The machine is very quiet and operates very smoothly. I like to sew on denim and it is no problem for this machine. There a wide variety of stitches which are easy to navigate on screen. I would highly recommend this machine to the beginner or advanced sewer. I look forward to many happy hours sewing on my new machine."
"okay I bought this after the brother cs6000i  crapped out on me. I have gone through maybe 6 layers of flannel with this thing and had NO issues at all!
UPDATE 01/03/2017: this machine is still going strong but is very selective about the thread it likes gutterman best but absolutely hates ikea and connecting threads and tolerates certain aurifil threads!"
"This is the second sewing machine and neither of this model works.
I have been sewing for more than 30 years and have had many machines.
This one is the worst.
Checking on line reviews it seems that everyone has the issues with the Bobbins not working.
DO NOT BUY THIS SEWING MACHINE!!!!!!"
Upper part was stamped lightly. The generally satisfactory.
I love this machine! It has everything I need and more! :-) I'm not very experienced but this machine is so easy to use that you don't need to be experienced. Love it!
"Beautiful had to return Cuz I needed a simple machine. But, it work beautifully . I didn't need all the stitches."
No longer sews without catching thread and gobbing up thread. Difficult to find parts and bobbin case. Parts very expensive.  No repair shops within 100 miles where I live.
Wife loves it - just what she wanted
"I really love this machine!!!! it is completely automatic but i can still do some manual things if i need to, like turning the wheel to get one stitch in."
So far so good.
My wife loves it!!!
Great product
I have wanted this machine for 3 yrs now and I finally got it..really it is amazing and worth every penny even at $600 never mind the price they sell it for..this machine is the best I love it
"Just received this machine as a gift.  Simply put, it's fabulous!  it's so quiet and the stitches are beautiful.  I have not tried everything, but i will post more when i've used it more.  i only wish it came with a cd."
good
"I debated for quite awhile between this machine and a Viking. I have a wonderful old Kenmore that still works like a charm but I was ready to have a computerized machine also.  It really came down to honestly not wanting to spend that much money on a Viking.  I thought if I didn't like the Singer I could send it back.  Well, no need for that!  It is great.  I love all the options and extra feet that came with it.  Some of the capabilities are a little awkward at first but once you do it a couple times it is terrific.  When I first used it I tried the straight stitch and was very disappointed becaused the tensions were awful!  After messing around for awhile trying to adjust the tensions I was getting so mad because I thought ""you get what you pay for"" and it was going back.  But then I tried a couple decorative stitches and they worked wonderfully.  I went back to the straight stitch and for some reason it was now perfect.  I was so happy.  The straight stitch has been fine since.  The ext table is nice and the legs adjust for leveling.  Lighting is great.  The dust cover has a little storage area for the manual and could also hold a pattern.  I store pkg needles in there also.  And of course the machine has its own storage for screwdriver etc.  I hemmed some jersey pants with a ball point needle and it stitched a very nice blind hem .  Buttonholes are a cinch.  The ultimate best feature is the thread cutter.  Its so cool.  Second best is the needle threader for the eyes starting to get old.  It works great once you practice it a couple times.  Also the bobbin area is so easy to take apart and clean.  I bought a new singer about 12 years ago and I can honestly say it was junk.  This one is not!  Its great!"
Replaced my 41 yr.old singer!!This one seems to be every thin I need!!Betty
"this is an amazing machine it met all my expectations.  I've been sewing  for the past few weeks  and this is amazing. I'm getting started into Sewing  and this is my first Machine, i Read a lot o reviews  Before purchasing  this  and i am pretty  shure that  all o The problems they  talk about  happen  because People they  just  don't read  The  instructions carefully.  Maybe because they  know  how to use one  They skip this part .  But it turns  out it is really  inportant. I completely recomend  this to all entry level sewing fans because it has tons of creative possibilities.  don't be afraid of getting a computerized machine because they might be too hard to handle on the contrary they're super easy to use super fast very efficient most of the people I know they are scared of this transition and so they are stuck with the same kind of machine when they do know that they need something else something to give them a little bit more space to be creative.
so if you ask me I would totally recommend this product and I would buy it again if I need a new Machine.

and if you buy this please read the instructions,  not all the machines work the same way. That way you can avoid problems."
Great Machine
"I love it , because I can sew at night and not keep people awake and the it is a singer and that is all I swear by in my home for sewing machines due to the quality of the product ."
"Excellent Machine, my wife is very happy with the purchase"
Excellent and easy to use machine. I have had no problems with it. Loved all the extra feet that comes with the machine.
Awesome! Still learning how to use the machine.
"I bought on amazon as a "" As good as new"" but the automatic needle threader doesn`t rotate around all the way to thread the needle. Not sure if anyone else has experienced that problem. I don`t want to force it.
Since its not brand new the warranty is not valid according to the Singer website.
Otherwise its great."
I love my new Singer -- had a Athena 2000 for more than 30 years and didn't want to give it up but it was difficult to have it service and get the parts necessary to keep it working.  The only complaint I have from the Athena is that you can not make a bobbin directly and have to make bobbins the old fashion way.  I don't understand why Singer would not put such a useful feature as the Athena has of making a bobbin without taking it out.  Great machine for a good price.
"I bought this machine because it sounded like a good deal for the money. I own my own sewing and embroidery business and needed a backup machine for my Janome. I used the singer for three days and disliked it more and more every day. The needle-down feature was default and could not be changed without hitting the needle-up button every time. The stitch length could not be altered in small enough increments to fit my needs. You had to go through too many steps in threading the machine to wind the bobbin. Even just threading the machine to sew was more difficult and time consuming than my Janome. In my business, as in most, time is money. I returned this machine after a week and will not buy singer again."
Just loved the experience I am having with this machine!  I had a much easier time learning a few things this machine can do than I thought.  Have been afraid of a new machine for some time. I was thankful this seems to be user friendly!  Still learning a few tricks with how to embroidery with it but am getting there. I am mostly interested in coming up with my own design with free motion embroidery. I think getting the correct stabilizers is a big secret to me but figuring it out by trying to find what I want to use most. Still need to try the walking foot for quilting some table runners. Want to try my hand at stippling on the runners.  Love the stitch and actually easy of threading. Seems to have many improvements over my 30 year old machine. Like the little directions it is very helpful and keeps me on track.
Liked the machine when I first got it.  Did everything I wanted.  I quilted several quilts on it. But after 2 months the bobbin case broke. It was past due to return the machine. But Amazon has been great. They sent me the shipping label to return it and refuned my money. The machine will not hold up to doing alot of sewing. But Amazon is super to work with.
Just learning to use the new features.  But having fun with it.
Got this machine for my friend and she loves it!
"I have really enjoyed using this machine.  So far everything works great.  My other machine is probably 40 plus years old and stills works, but is not a Singer.  Hopefully this will give me just as much performance."
"So far, I love it.  This machine has the features of much more expensive machine at a much lower price.  Overall, I think this is a great sewing machine.  I just made my first quilt and it was amazing.  I sewed all of the squares, sashing and border...made the top and just completed the quilting.  I am very happy with this machine."
"New machine for me this is the 4th machine that I have had and I really love it would recommend it to anyone
."
this is amazing machine. I love it. it has a instruction book where you can find everything you need and maybe more than you expected!!! i go to college for designing and this has all i need!!! You will never regret best price best quality ever!!!
"Sews like a dream! Well thought out design. like the hard cover, all the presser feet. Haven t mastered the auto threading but i have no trouble threading it the old fashioned way, the bright LED's help alot. Using Schmetz needles.  Sews jeans with no trouble. I paid 299 at Amazon, HSN wanted 600+ same machine and bonus accessories. Thanks Amazon!"
Biggest piece of crappollllaaaa!!!!!! Don't waste your hard earned money of this piece of junk! It's been in the shop 3 times in 2 months and the guys that fix it said it's made out of cheap parts and it's put together really crappy. Read reviews before you buy and don't buy this!!
My automatic threaded broke after 6 months .... warranty service sent it to singer two months ago and I still have no machine. :-(
"it was a little to much for me because I'm just a novice and mine broke within a few days anyhow so I sent it back and got something else,which was very easy to do from the company I purchased it from"
"i have had this machine for almost two years now, and i have never had a problem with it. I have sewn jeans and other heavy fabrics with no problems. I am a beginning sewer and this machine is very easy to thread. The bobbin was easy to wind and simple to put in the machine. It is a drop in bobbin which I really like.

This machine comes with many accessories, including a walking foot, and an embroidery and quilting foot, plus many more. I really like the larger extension table as well.

I have made quilts, cloth books, and clothing for my granddaughters with this machine and have had no problems with it. I really love my machine."
"I am new to digital sewing machines, but I am enjoying this so far.  The only issue I have is the automatic tension.  To avoid puckering, I have to loosen the tension almost every time I use it.  I would like to find out if I can change the default tension setting."
"I absolutely LOVE this sewing machine! I've never sewn on a computerized sewing machine before. As many other reviewers have said, I'll say as well, this machine sews like a dream! FANTASTIC DEAL for the features, stitches and accessories! I am THRILLED!

The presser foot clearance is perfect. It's a good half inch.

Love the tack button. I love the way it ties a neat little knot and cuts the thread, too. Makes cute robot sound, badeep bop bgg when it cuts.

The stitches are phenomenal. I played with some silky gold thread on black denim. Beautiful!"
"disappointed how small the letters were, It jumps a lot on the table when sewing"
"It hasn't even been a year :-(  since i purchased this machine. .  :-(
I read a lot of reviews and i thought i made the right decision. But i was wrong.  I paid $95 just last month to get it fixed and now the bobbin holder is acting up!! I am very disappointed.  Very. I will not buy singer anything anytime soon. Or ever. I hope this helps people to make their decision on buying this 9960 quantum singer sewing machine .. im going to send mine back i hope i can get aanother one since i can't possibly have my money back"
good item
Beat my expectations for the price by a landfall.
Was dissappointed. Machine didn't sew. Had to arrange to ship back and replace it.
I have sewn on most brands of machines. I did some extensive research on machine and I agree with all the reviews. I just got it for my birthday and I already love it. This machine is dreamy.  I am blown away by its capabilities and all the extra feet it comes with that will make my projects so much easier! You won't be disappointed!
Love it!
"My wife loves this thing.  It can do about anything when it comes to sewing. Is she's happy, then I'm happy."
"I don't use this as much as I had hoped, but it's a really cool machine. I bought it to replace a 40+ year old Singer and boy was it exciting to see all of the funky features it has! I wish I could adjust the size of the embroidery but other than that it's been a lot of fun. So many attachments and feet are included you could sew just about anything!"
A great sewing machine and a great discount off msrp. I love it so far I've been able to do so much with it and can't wait to keep making my under and top quilts.  The included walking foot is amazing for the lightweight material I use.
Great item and great shipping
"Wish I had read the one star reviews. My old Singer Curvy has the loose bobbin case that seems to be a common problem. Still sews, but stitches don't have that nice precise look. I saved up and bought this one and was so pleased when it arrived last week. I tried some of the stitches on several fabrics and every seam was gathered--tension too tight, I'm thinking. So I tried using the controls to loosen tension--no help. So I ironed and tried ignore the problem (quilting). Next I had the problem with the feeds snatching the fabric when beginning a seam, as another reviewer commented. I started my seams further in. Bummer. The next day the bobbin started tangling and  jamming. I cleared it and started over....and over and over and...then it stopped sewing completely. I've had it less than a week and used it only on two occasions. What a hunk of junk. I'm so disappointed. Don't waste your money. I'm finishing my quilt with my old Singer Curvy."
Love this machine
"Did some research on this sewing machine, reading reviews etc.  Yes people stated there was a few problems with the thread jamming, overall the reviews were decent.  Have had this machine since Oct. of last 2013.  Did have a few problems with the thread jamming then  all of sudden the electronic controls won't work, the forward button goes backward and the back stitch button just goes up. The machine has also started making a loud thumping noise while sewing.  I have had Singer sewing machines in the past and have always sworn by them being the work horse they, are at this point I would not recommend this machine to anyone, nor will I purchase another Singer.
To add insult to injury the only authorized repair shop is over an hour away from where we live. Even contacting Singer they were not helpful at all in working with me to get repairs done. Bye, bye Singer!"
"got this machine on sale at Amazon. When it came I was so excited. Its everything I dreamed of. It comes with all the accessories, xtra wide bed and more. easy to use and runs quietly like a rolls Royce. Ive already taken it to quilting class and shown off. Easy to change stitches and needles. The price was awesome. easy to change thread and drop in bobbins. If you need a new machine or just want one, go for it. You cant go wrong. Andddd in you have snap on feet from another machine, they fit. I have 5 singers and a Brother. This may end up being my favorite machine."
"This machine has it all, easy to use I like it so much, if anyone looking to buy a new sewing machine please consider singer 9960 Quantum and you will never regret."
"I am still learning this sewing machine, I haven't sewned in years. But I love it so far, the selecting of all the different stitches is unique and the fact of how simple it is to change your stitch is great."
"I purchased this machine in march 2013.  On September 20, 2014 it stopped working.  I searched the Singer website for dealers who can perform warranty work and there are none in my state.  Guess I'm screwed.  I did love the machine until it stopped working."
Excellent machine for your basic and a bit above projects.  I wanted it for the automated tension adjusting.
"More than pleased with my new singer. So many attachments. I have been sewing like someone getting ready for Christmas. Which of course I am. It is so quiet and easy to use. I have tried many of the feet and the walking foot is a great tool and not usually and add on. They can be very expensive to purchase later. The drop in bobbin,  threader and automatic cutter and needle down is a real blessing. So much than described. The best machine for the money."
"I love this machine.  It has not failed to do anything I have asked of it.  My only complaint is that the markings on the throat plate are difficult to see, and I would like it better if the seam markings were in inches rather than metric.  I also find winding thread on the bobbin difficult.  This machine replaces a Singer Futura II that my husband purchased for me in the mid-1970's.  I thought that was great when I got  it, but the improvements in the last 40 years are amazing.  I am very satisfied with my purchase."
"Ververy nice machine with many nice features and presser feet.  Very good value for the price. Would recommend it to others. Good for variety sewing, quilting and embroidery."
My wife loved
LOVE IT!  Best Sewing Machine that I have ever had and probably the best I could ever afford.
LOVE IT
"I like like the thread cutter best.  I use the singer  more than my lens now ,which was my ordered machine."
Great machine I use it daily get yourself one really.
"Received quickly and feel like I just got a new car! Upgraded from a basic 15yr old Brother machine. I grew up with Singer and have missed it. I sew as a hobby and make mostly accessories but wanted something to handle a little more and could do a little more. This machine is extremely nice for the beginner to average sewer; it is a dream.  The included accessories make this a top value for the money. Now a few comments on the features:  The auto threader while convenient is tricky and takes getting used to. I think I finally got the hang of it. Having the option of using a foot pedal OR pushing a start/stop button is nice. However I find that I still use/need my hands at the 'ready' so prefer foot pedal. Love the automatic position of have the needle stop up or down when sewing! So far my favorite. Threading and winding bobbins is a breeze... basically the same as the old machine. Embroidery stitches.... never tried before and was really excited at initial samples I did. However, I do see that it is basic embroidery (quality) and fine for me right  now but I could quickly get addicted and outgrow this basic quality. I need to experiment some more and switch to embroidery thread for that extra 'pop.'  The fonts are basic, no heavy embroidery here (e.g. thick filled-in letters), but still nice for my entry level experience, way more than I had. It doesn't feel like there's 600 stitches. There's approximately 120 pattern stitches and then 13 button hole stitches and then 5 types of fonts. I haven't fully explored all the stitches or fonts so I'm probably missing out, oh no:-) A pretty quiet and smooth running machine, compared to my old one this purrs like a kitten. I noticed that it does have more power, sews with ease through the faux leathers I had been fighting with on the old machine; and even has a switch on the presser foot to help with bulky seams. I love this machine and will be upping my sewing portfolio soon. If you're a beginner or average sewer  looking to upgrade, you won't be disappointed."
"This is only my third sewing machine in my lifetime (72).  I LOVE IT!  I listed my needs, shopped for the product (price not a restriction), I came across this machine because of its high user ratings.  Amazon had the best price and delivery.  Have been using it for a month now.  Have made drapes, put in hems with the hemming foot, made pretty dolls clothes, etc.  It does all that I need.  I am very happy with this machine.  Bobbins work great, needles threader works as explained, tensions and threading easy to operate."
"Wonderful ,"
We bought this for our daughter and it's everything we hoped for and more!
Every thing that I need in a sewing machine. Easy to orient to and a breeze to use
Great price and fast shipping.  Ordered this as a Christmas gift for the wife and she loved it.  A lot of templates and features for a starter.
I love this machine!!! Couldn't be happier with my sewing machine.
I am enjoying my new Singer sewing machine. I have not learned all the mechanics that it is capable of doing but what I have done I am pleased with.
I am so used to my very old machine so it took me a while to understand this but I did like it glad I got it.
This is a wonderful machine for the money.  It's smooth and very quiet.  Love the thread cut button!  Great for piecework.
Like it but wish it had a DVD showing how to use it and attachments. This is all new to me and I do better if I could watch how it works.
I love my new Singer Quantum! Its easy to use and beautiful stitching!
Love my new sewing machine
I love this machine.. It does everything I need it to do...  My sewing mojo is back...
"I am transcribing this review for my wife, for whom the sewing machine was purchased as she finds it easy to use and states that it almost sews by itself.  It comes with a very durable case in which to store the machine when not in use.  This machine was better and lower in price than the comparable machine offered by Walmart.com."
I'm using it and loving it
I love this machine.  Sewing and quilting has never been more fun.
I have not sewn in years and excited about my upcoming project.  After getting acquainted with my new machine I can't wait to get started.  Easy to use and find the instructions easy to read.
I love it love it. It was hard to get rid of one that I used for 29years. But I love this one.
"It does what I need. I purchased it for quilt making to give me some more options and a machine that wasn't for my kid. It does a great job. I love the stitching options as well as the thread cutter and the speed control. Makes quilting a lot easier with these options, and I can do more with it than with my previous machine."
"OH MY GOD!!!  This machine could probably cook me dinner it does so much.  I love it!  It makes things so easy!  I'm a self-taught quilter and so still learning and this machine is VERY user and ""newby"" friendly!  I recommend it for anyone.  I would imagine it works wonders for the experienced sewer as well.  So much bang for your buck!"
"This Singer sewing machine is a gem at this price!  It has so very many built-in features that make my sewing faster and easier, not to mention even more attractive. I've owned Singer machines since 1960 and this one is the best yet.  A bargain at the price!"
Love it.
My 1969 Singer finally wore out its bobbin gear and I decided it was time for a new one!  This meets and exceeds my expectations! Being used to a top loading bobbin (my old one wound the bobbins in place) I appreciate that feature and am getting used to winding  the bobbins on top the machine.  The removable deck piece allows me to place a pants leg right on it to sew a new hem quickly and easily.  Setting up different stitches seems quite easy.  I can't wait to sew a whole project on this machine.
I love love this machine
Good
My wife is very Happy!!!!
Great love it
This is a beautiful sewing machine. I highly recommend this one. Easy to thread and sew on singers are the best.
"Love this machine, BEST PRICE I could find, thanks Amazon"
Great sewing machine
"i bought this machine over a year ago. when it arrived, it was a mess. no real packing and the case of the machine was distorted, not aligned and i thought it would never sew. i was almost in tears. i took a couple hours to take it apart oil it and then try to put it together. somehow it worked. i called amazon and sort of read them the riot act for such poor packing(it was refurbished).
they listened to me and i am still a loyal amazon buyer.
SO!  more than a year has passed. the machine is in use and i am on my third large quilt made with this machine.
i have sewn for 50 yrs now and i have to say this is my favorite machine. i collect sewing machines though not the 7-8 thousand machines.
this is a perfectly quiet, perfect working machine. take your time to learn what it can do! the mirror stitches are great and you can do a quad stich pattern. lengthen stitches and the fonts are great.
i love love love this machine.
because of the 9960 i went ahead and got a futura quintet and i have to say, for just a sewing machine this even beats the quintet.
please, don't hesitate in buying this machine. for the price you can not find a better machine."
Love this machine! I was worried about it first but very easy to learn how to use
good machine
Absolutely love the machine.  I'm a long time singer fan
"This machine is a dream to sew on, I have had it a month and already monogramming, quilting and straight sewing. Lots more to do, wonderful to use, love it."
This machine is awesome! Amazon sells it for a great price too. I bought my machine over a year ago and I still love it! It comes with all kinds of fun attachments :) I love this machine!
Perfect sewing machine...lots of great features.
"I have 5 machines. This is the very best machine I own. I have Janome, Baby Lock, Brother, and now this lovely Singer. Why go Viking when you have this one for a fraction of the cost.  This one will do jeans!"
Very gooooood~~~~
I just got it. So far great and easy to learn. Will need to have it more time before I can write a real review
G :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
"Very nice machine, take you time getting to know what it does and how it does it.  I have initial frustration with it.  My only complaint would be that threading the machine for a bobbin or the needle can be a pain, it takes some time to get it right."
"So, after a full 2 days researching various blogs and reviews of different machines within my price range, I decide on the Singer 9960.  Now, I'm not a seamstress, but happen to be an artist that uses a lot of quilting methods to make my work.  I beat up my old machine with layers upon layers of fabric that I would sew together, so I was looking for something that would hopefully handle a lot of heavy duty sewing, but also give me a range of stitches my tiny old machine didn't.  My old machine had about 8 stitches and no frills, so I was a bit overwhelmed when I opened the box and pulled this behemoth (by comparison to my old machine) out of the box.  The fact that there was no instructional DVD and only a thick instruction book seemed a bit daunting, but I started to get to know the machine and honestly I was sewing in about 30 minutes.  I tested a few different feet and have been sewing for about 6 hours a day for the last 3 days and have loved it.  I've been sewing quilted materials(2 layers of cotton with batting) with heavy close zig zag stitches that run back and forth along the length of the piece and it's been working like a champ.  The needle threader and automatic thread cutter have been a life saver.  I do wish there were a few more fonts or the ability to edit the fonts, but so far so good.  Knock on wood this doesn't jinx it, but so far I'm really happy that I chose this machine.  I will update in a month or two and hopefully I will still love this machine."
Best ever.
"Arrived in good condition parts were all accounted for. Good machine, my wife and I are still getting used to vast options. To date we have made one dress and multiple bed sheets the 9960 has preformed well with no issues."
"You can call me a professional, even though I am not a seamstress.  I do make a lot of heavy duty costumes, dresses for my daughter and lots of alterations. This machine replaced my other Singer (very old one) and works perfectly well.  Except for the Threading system, hence  4 stars.  It broke promptly within 2 weeks.  I did not return the machine thinking that probably it would break on any other.  Tried different stitches, all worked well.  Being an old school I could not get used to stop and start button.  Have to have my pedal, feel more in control that way.  I wish there was a way to adjust the size of alphabet letters."
"YES!!! I love my new sewing machine.  It isn't the latest model but that means I got it at a great price!  This machine has been on my ""wish list"" for ages so I am totally happy."
My wife loves it.
I love it Runs like a dream!
"While I haven't had a chance to really do anything with the machine yet, I did do a ""sampler"" to try the stitches. I have had computerized machines before so I was easily able to figure this one out, but it does come with a manual. What sold me on this machine in the first place, besides all the great reviews, was for a relatively inexpensive price, it had a push button thread cutter after  your seam is done. It's something that is only found on the more expensive machines and it works well. The decorative stitches are amazing and I had fun trying them in their largest sizes to their smallest - the stitches were uniform and looked fabulous. The built in threader works well and the machine comes with an extension table and a hard cover - also a plus. I'm very happy so far and can't wait to get to do some real sewing on it. And it really is a beautiful looking machine."
goood.
"This is a genuine review. This product is unreliable product. Machine randomly stops working stalling projects completely. Had to take it for repairs twice in the past 8 months since it was purchased. I am not a professional and do not sew for a living, so this not an issue of overuse. To take advantage of the one year manufacturer warranty, you must take it to an authorized dealer for repair. There are only two authorized repair shops in Los Angeles County, that's within 4700 sq. miles area! This is so difficult and impractical to take advantage of that the warranty is totally useless. This product is poorly made, unreliable and unsupported. I would even feel bad trying to sell it to someone else.
UPDATE: called to check on the status of the repair and was told that since this is a Singer, a warranty repair and was not purchased from them, it still has 9 machines ahead of it and if any others come in, mine will be pushed back to the end of the line. wow! and this is the only other dealer in my County."
"This machine started jamming after sewing with it for three months. That of course got it past the warranty  There was no one in my city of 300,000 that would work on the machine. I drove one hour to a dealer, paid $90, was told these machines are NOT MEANT TO SEW  straight from the box, need the best of thread and the slightest nick in a bobbin will jam it. It sewed a few more seams on the garment I was working on before jamming again. SINGER CO was NO HELP and I found put the hard way in the state of Texas NO ONE SERVICES THIS MACHINE
Bought a BROTHER from a local shop sews better and has great service as a bonus"
"love this machine !!!  great price, service, everything perfect !! I also ordered some more pressure feet from Amazon that work well  on this machine.  I am an experienced seamstress and am really enjoying this machine.  I really like that it is metal & sturdy, very dependable with lots of stitches & ways to be more creative.  Singer has always been my favorite sewing machine.  Thank you !!!"
awesome machine at an awesome price!
perfect machine
Nice machine.
my wife uses this machine and says its amazing and loves it
"I am ""new"" to sewing, only haven taken 1 class in junior high about 25 years ago, and this machine has been extremely user friendly despite all it's extra functions!  The trickiest thing so far has been finding all the extra accessories since they are stored in a hidden compartment in the base of the machine.  One call to Singer though told me exactly where all my missing pieces were (and my lost pride...).

The machine runs surprisingly quiet and smooth.  It's very easy to hold a seam straight even at higher sewing speeds.  I have to add the sewing speed/foot pedal sensitivity is easily adjustable by a button for when you aren't as confident and want to slow it down or if you are in a hurry to test something out.  The higher speeds are still beyond my skill level but even at the middle of the road speed I feel like I am accomplishing tasks quickly!

The pre-programmed stitch variety is impressive and simple to use.  It really is a ""push and play"" type feature.  Simply push the specialty stitch button, look at the screen display and select the stitch you want.  Right there on the display it tells you exactly which foot you will need and then you just put in your thread, bobbin and material and go!  However, if you want to customize the stitch size or density those are doable as well with just a few more button presses.  I can even do words, monogrammed in different fonts, all in one swoop without having to pause between letters to select the next one!

The instruction manual is written fairly clearly and is easy to navigate and find what you are looking for, offering step by step instructions that, like I said, even a novice seamstress can figure out on her own.  All in all this is a great machine that I am very pleased with."
"I have really enjoyed using this sewing machine and look forward to more sewing projects so I can use it more.  The features best liked are the 1. automatic tension setting; 2. no foot peddle needed; 3. sewing speed adjustment.  I haven't figured out all the presser foots yet but have used the ""stitch in the ditch"" foot when making quilts.  The stitch in the ditch foot works well but could be improved upon by making it all metal instead of plastic.  Overall, I'm very pleased with this machine."
Good~~~~~!!
"When my Singer Stylist died a few months ago, I decided to upgrade to something a little nicer. After weeks of shopping and poring over reviews, I narrowed it down to Singer's Quantum Stylist Touch, and a slightly cheaper Project Runway model by Brother. In the end, the Quantum Stylist had more of the features I wanted, so I took the plunge and ordered it. I'm so glad I did!

- Pros -

* It's quiet. And I mean whisper quiet! As long as you're sewing a straight stitch and going slowly, the motor makes almost no sound. When you speed up, it gets louder, but it's still much quieter than any of my previous machines.

* It has speed control, so you can adjust how fast it goes. At the lowest setting, no matter how hard you stomp the pedal, it will still sew slowly. This is great for my students, who are often intimidated by sewing machines that sew too fast. When you're ready to speed up, just slide the speed control up a notch or two.

* It cuts the thread for you when you're done sewing! Just stop and press a button. It cuts the thread and raises the needle, so you can easily remove your fabric. It doesn't trim the tails at the beginning of the seam, so you still have to cut those yourself. And it does leave a short tail when it cuts the thread, so you still need to trim it. But even so, it's very convenient!

* The foot pedal and power cords are longer than the ones that came with my old machine. This is such a good thing! I used to have to sew with my leg extended all the way under my sewing table, because the cord was too short and I couldn't reach the pedal. That is no longer an issue---hooray!

* It's purple. Enough said!

* Let there be light! The LED light above the needle is very bright. With my old Singer, I had to tape a clip-on reading light to the sewing machine to cast more light on the fabric, but that wasn't enough, so I added two task lamps to my sewing table. I'm happy to report that these extra lights are no longer necessary, even when sewing in the middle of the night!

- Cons -

* It's several inches larger than my old machine, so the fancy sewing machine cover I made for the Singer Stylist doesn't fit. Sure, it comes with a cover, but it's cheap vinyl and it has a hole in the top for the handle, so dust will still get in! I made a new custom cover for this machine and you'll want to do the same.

* It's also several pounds heavier than my old machine. And it has rubber grips on the bottom, which means you can't easily slide it out of the way when you're done sewing. Instead, you have to pick it up by the handle and lift it. A minor inconvenience, but worth noting---you might not want this sewing machine if you'll be lugging it to and from sewing classes!

* Not really a flaw, per se, but the bobbins are class #15. I didn't realize the Quantum Stylist used a different bobbin than my Singer Stylist, so when I first tried it, I grabbed a bobbin from my old machine and started sewing. At once, the thread snarled and looped, as if the tension was off. I was this close to sending it back to Amazon, thinking there was a problem with the auto tension, but I happened to compare my bobbins with the bobbins it came with and realized they were slightly different (class #15 vs class #15J). This was disappointing, because I now have three dozen already-wound bobbins that I can't use. This isn't Singer's fault, but it is something to be aware of.

* The monogram alphabets are pretty lousy. I found them awkward and clumsy-looking! Fortunately, I have very little use for embroidered lettering, so this wasn't a deal-breaker for me.

* The auto-threader doesn't work with #9 needles or smaller, only with #11 or larger. If you try to auto-thread a #9 needle, the hook will get stuck in the eye of the needle. If you're not extremely careful, you'll break the tip of the needle off while trying to free the hook. This is a disappointment, because I often sew with lightweight fabrics like voile and batiste, which call for a #9 needle. I have to thread it manually, which is annoying. (How spoiled I am by the auto-threader!)

In conclusion, I am very pleased with this sewing machine. I had some trepidation about ordering such an expensive machine online, but it's well worth it. The stitches look beautiful, especially all the decorative stitches. I love the computerized controls, which let you change the length, width, tension, and so forth. It's easy to use and sews like a dream!

Note, however, that this isn't really an entry-level sewing machine. It's easy enough for beginners to use---I let one of my students try it for her first two classes, before she bought her own machine, and she didn't have any trouble figuring it out. However, it has a lot of features that beginners don't really need. If you're new to sewing, I'd recommend a less-expensive sewing machine, like the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-Stylist/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER Stylist</a>, at least until you reach the point where you feel ready for an upgrade.

I'll deduct half a star for the flaws mentioned above, but otherwise, it's a wonderful sewing machine! Highly recommended for intermediate and advanced sewers, or anyone looking to upgrade their sewing machine."
"I have had my singer 9960 over a month. I love it! I was afraid of buying a new singer but the old one just didn't work. I did my research and decided this was the one to try. Absolutely no regrets. The first thing I sewed was using a denim needle and it went through 8 layers!! I love the flexibility of three different sewing surfaces, regular, extra wide and arm. Some of the other reviews complained of tension issues (works fine for me), the needle threader (works great once I got the needle in its highest position) and I had trouble with the bobbin winder until I figured out that little button was a tension spring and the thread audibly clicks in it.
My singer shipped with two narrow hem feet and no overcast foot but everything else was exactly as advertised. I sent an email to singer, gave them all the info regarding my machine and had the overcast foot a week later.

I wondered why anyone would not want to use the foot pedal but after working on a quilt I may never use it again! The on/off sewing and speed controls allow me total control. I really like the automatic thread cutter too. On my quilts I may need to trim some closer with scissors but since it is already free of the machine that is easier to do.

Everything good everyone else has said is true for my 9960. I like all the feet included (quilters will appreciate the ""stitch in the ditch"" foot) and can't think of any other attachments I need. This machine is worth every penny and at that it is cheaper than comparable sewing machines. I may never use all the built in stitches but I have already found favorites.
I very rarely give 5 stars but this singer 9960 deserves every one!"
just as expected
Quiet and easy to use.
Perfect
works great thanks
"I have had my new Stylist Touch for 5 days and have already sewn a quilt. I have used every foot, embroidery, special stitches (including alphabets) and played with the basic stitch length, changing thread tension, etc. The automatic threader works great and the auto thread cutter is my very favorite thing. The machine is so quiet I can use it in the living room while my husband watches tv! This machine is spectacular. A quilting teacher suggested I buy another brand which is WAY more expensive with only basic functions, but I am SO happy I chose this Singer. My first sewing machine was an antique pedal Singer, then I graduated to a basic Singer when I was in school. This new little gem continues to amaze me  and I look forward to sewing many projects with it."
Very nice machine.  Still trying to learn the machine.  Sews really nice but have to get used to all the new technology this machine brings.  Loved the color and the fact that it is a Singer.  Good price.
I LOVE THIS MACHINE! I'm a intermediate quilter and this machine does everything I need it to do. The light on this machine is great it is nice and bright. The only thing I was bummed about was the embroidery of the letters. I wish it could make the letters in many different sizes.
"I love this machine!  It works beautifully.  It came packed with loads of presser feet and it does everything I could ask.  Doesn't seem to have a stippling stitch, though and it really needs a dvd tutorial.  Once I got past the issue of how to thread the machine, it worked really well.  I thought I was having a problem with the bobbin binding, but t turns out I had threaded the machine incorrectly and once I figured that out, I've had no problems since.  I couldn't be more pleased and the price was exceptionally great.  Another wonderful surprise was how fast it shipped.  I ordered it one day and it was at my house the next day.  Great job Amazon!"
"This machine was bought to replace my wife's 30 year old singer
Took her 3 days to master , but it works great and very quiet."
This machine can do it all and it does it well!
"I really wanted to like this machine. On paper, it has all that I need as a garment sewer, and the reviews were excellent. Consequently, it didn't take me long to decide when I was on the market for a new machine. Without a huge budget and ignoring what I'd heard about recently made Singers, I bought this one off Amazon.

When it first arrived, I put it through its paces, trying everything I could think of. The decorative stitches came out rather nicely, the buttonholes were clean, and the utility stitches were pretty excellent without having to adjust the tension. That's one things I did appreciate: when it was working properly, I never had to alter the auto tension settings. There was a lot to like, so I was sure I had picked a winner and was going to keep it.

Then things started to go a bit wrong. I was piecing a garment together using a standard straight stitch when I noticed a blob of thread moving up and down with the machine just above the needle. I stopped and realized that it wasn't a knot, because it moved along the thread, but instead the machine was unraveling the thread as it moved along the tension disks. The culprit turned out to be just a misplaced piece of plastic that only took a light pressure to put back into place, so I thought nothing of it at the time.

The second issue came a few days later when I was stitching out a decorative stitch. This was the first time I had tried a more complicated stitch on an actual garment with seams and such, and it really wasn't feeding well. It would rather easily get caught on a seam only four layers thick, and the stitches kept coming out with varying densities. Then it jammed. Pretty fantastically so. Moving the hand wheel didn't unjam it, just as it has always done on my previous machines, so I was forced to take the needle and the needle plate off to find a massive tangle of thread caught around the thread cutter underneath. I wish I had taken a photo, because it was quite impressive. I cut the thread and kept going, only to have the same thing happen three times in an hour, even after I had stopped using the thread cutter at all. I rethreaded the machine, turned it off and on, but the problem was persistent.

Ever since that point, nothing has been moving quite right. The machine isn't jamming so much any more, but I sometimes find that my tension has gone haywire mid stitch, and the back is completely loopy, resulting in more jamming. This is particularly catastrophic when doing buttonholes, resulting in more than a few holes in nearly completed pieces.

I just cant make this work. These bouts of issues come and go randomly, sometimes affecting even the straight stitches. I'm not sure if my issues are the result of just a defective machine, but to be honest, the feeding problem alone is something I cant live with.

I'll be sending this one back, and I would advise you to think carefully before you buy."
"very good!!
No noise!!"
What an awesome machine for the money. I have several machines but every time that I sew on this one it is such an enjoyable experience. I just wished it had a knee lever to raise the foot for quilting. This one sews knits so easily.
I love this machine. I have taken up quilting; this machine does everything I need it to do. It comes with 5 extra quilting specific feet. Nice machine until you are able to afford a 3000.00 dollar sewing machine!!! Does not do embroidery and the extension table could be a little larger.
"When the box came and I opened it and saw all the extras, I thought I'll never use all of these but I will have fun learning. It is so quiet and easy to use. Love the extended  table for bigger pieces and dual lights are great. Would recommend this machine for all sewers from beginners to advanced."
"although I really like the machine, I do have an issue with it coming unthreaded quite often. (about every three or four times after I cut the thread and continue sewing."
My daughter is going to a fashion collage and we needed a machine the will grow with her. I learned to be a sawer and this machine is what you need
"I purchased this SInger and have been amazed at how great is it, Only problems I had was in using wrong needles.
it's easy to use, has  many features"
"The product meets the expectations 100% compared to others of the same category value for money, I recommend it 100%"
"I really love how quiet this machine is.  I also like the fact that you don't have to plug in the foot pedal.  You can just press start and stop to sew.  The thread cutter is an awesome feature as well!  (Previously, I had been using a simple 10 year old Brother with 8 built-in stitches!)
The ONLY thing I don't like about this machine is the letter stitching.  I figured that it would be a pretty embroidery looking stitch.  You can do a string of letters to make a whole word, but at the beginning of each letter, it puts a stitch in the upper left corner, so there isn't a clean transition from one letter to the next.  So then I end up snipping the extra stitching out, or else it makes it difficult to read.  (I might add a picture later so you can see what it looks like.)
Other than that, I really like this machine.  It has a lot of pretty stitches that I use to embellish my Renaissance Faire garb!"
Better than I could have imagined. Top of the line . I would recommend this machine to anyone looking for an outstanding machine.
"I love to sew in this machine. I liked the features and after exploring the reviews about sewing machine, I had to go with this great machine. I would like to write in detail after exploring this sewing machine as I am also newbie and have to see more of it.

Thanks,
Prem Paul"
This was a Christmas gift. I love it! It does so many things that I like. Love the thread cutter and needle up/down feature.
"One Draw back is the instruction manual is digital, Better to have a book when you are sewing. So far so good"
Love this machine.  It's quiet and has so many stitches.  I sews over thick material with no problem.  A great deal!
"I love my new machine! It has so many stitches to choose from but is still user friendly. I was a bit overwhelmed at first my old machine was very basic but I'm getting the hang of it. I LOVE the thread cutting feature. I'm finding it a little awkward getting used to using the start/stop button. I does come with a presser foot but I wanted that feature. I'm also loving the drop in bobbin not something my old machine had. Much quieter that my previous machine as well. Looking forward to teaching my girls how to sew on this machine this summer. It will be perfect with the speed control. Very happy with my Mother's Day gift!

Update: 3 years later I had to pay $100 service fee to have my bobbin case repaired. This machine has the most expensive bobbin cases to replace $99 most other bobbin cases are $25-35. The repairman did a temporary fix filing down the rough spots but it won't last forever. The plastic bobbin exploded while sewing and caused the damage. Great machine for the price but not worth the costly repairs. Next time I'll have to get a new machine."
My daughter (it was a gift) was really happy with it. I will buy again from this seller. She had a big surprise that Friday.
"Great machine, easy even for a beginner to use. It runs as smooth as silk and has lots of extra accessories and features."
"I'm hoping I will enjoy sewing with this machine.  One of the features I liked was the big work space as I am a quilter and sometimes I need a larger workspace.  I've just been testing it for now, haven't actually ""used"" it to make anything.  I am getting to learn about it and what it can do.  I've tried the automatic thread cutter and it's kind of frustrating as when it cuts the bottom thread has to be retrieved because it cuts it too short.  So far I can't say too much, ask me when I've started a project.  I'm hoping I will like it as it seems like it has the features I like in a sewing machine."
Bought this for my wife and she loves it.  She is always sewing on it and making something.  Thank again.
Im still learning but so far this machine is everything i hoped for and more!!! It will take me many more months to even learn all the features this machine has... its amazing. Worth every penny!!!!
"The product was so poorly packaged that it clunked around in the box and, when delivered, I made a comment upon delivery that I feared the computer might be damaged. When I opened the box, there was very little protective packaging, the cord was missing so I could not test the product. The receptacle for the cord was damaged. There were no accessories at all.  Thank you for allowing me to return the product! Cynthia Metzger, Cynthia@SeaquestVentures.com"
I have just started to use the machine so I'm not able to give you an accurate review at this time.  I do like it so far.
"I did some projects that required zigzag and going at a high speed on zigzag shakes the threader to the point where it breaks, so beware.  No where in the instruction manual does it warn not to go maximum speed.  The Singer 611 case fits.  It makes good button holes and the hemmer workers fine."
Simply loved it. The sewing machine is perfect and does everything. I am very pleased with the purchase. I recommend purchasing this sewing machine is wonderful.
"I have been sewing on a Kenmore Elite for 13 years now...
I own an online Western Clothing Shop... and get custom orders frequently.
So you can imagine that my machines have to perform (sometimes) daily from morning to evening.

Once my Singer 9960 was ordered my Kenmore died the same day! (without even a warning)

About the Singer:
I love the extra features that I just did not have with my Kenmore.
One of them is the thread cutter! :) Love that! I have noticed that my bobbin thread lasts longer and that it saves me so much time when I am working piecing small pieces of lace together. I can just stitch and push cut even when I move my fabrics around to the middle of a garment! wonderful. So, I have no more tons of threads sticking out at the back!
You do not even have to pull the bobbin thread out to continue sewing. (when I used this function for the first time I noticed that the thread disappeared in the bobbin and thought ""Oh no what a pain! do I have to pull that thread out every time I push cut?""
So I checked in the manual and was glad I did check.
Just push cut and keep sewing as you work.

This machine is very quiet... I can even hear my music in the background while sewing. Love that.
It is so heavy that it sits very secure on my table and does not bounce around at all.

What I also like is that you can actually use the manuscript and the pictures for embroidery mixed sat the same time.
Verses: only manuscript and only picture embroidery (that was my Kenmore)

The functions I still have to get used to...
My kenmore had all the stitch settings color coded so it was so easy to see on the display.
Just pick the stitch look at the color and set the right button that matches the color.
Versus the Singer: I have to go with increments of 5 stitches push the arrow to get to the stitch I need.
But there may be an easier way, just have not discovered that part yet.

I also like that the drop feed button is at the front.
So much easier to control and reach!
With my Kenmore it was at the back.

I love the stitch setting, you can choose a straight stitch and have an auto reverse with it as well...
it makes it as easy to start sewing and no more pushing the reverse button to lock your stitch.

I had done a lot of research before I ordered this machine.
1) I truly liked the price and I wanted an upgrade from my Kenmore.
2) It had to have a thread cutter
3) A Needle threader
(the needle threader works a little different than I am used to... yet it is very simple to work with)
4) It had to be silent
5) required a very fast speed
6) Thread spools had to be covered

Many people wrote very negative feedback about this machine (especially about errors after threading the machine) so I was a bit nervous to purchase it at first.
Threading this machine is really not that hard.
Just follow the numbers and the arrows. I have been using the machine now for about 3 weeks and I have not had an error show on the display yet.
My 17 year old also worked on it already and loves that it has a speed adjuster.
What I would also like to suggest is to go quickly through the manual before you try to immediately work on it, especially if you are new at computerized machines.
No need to memorize the whole manual at once... but it helps that certain terms and settings will already be familiar if you read before you start. It will save you a lot of headache later. The first 3 days I had the booklet next to the machine. Now I do not need it anymore.

I was in awe with all the accessories that came with this machine! Amazing.
Funny though that there is still one accessory that I really miss. That is the 1/4"" seam foot.
Of all the feet included, that one is the one I miss and may have to order in due time.
I have not used the extended table yet - but love it and will use it soon since I still have a quilt that needs to get finished.

I already made a new garment on my Singer 9960 when it arrived the next day! I finished that garment in 4 hours. It was easy to do and I noticed that I was faster on this machine than on my old one. It was a very good purchase and great item for the price!
Many great features...(many I still have to discover)

Honestly...
My Kenmore will have to be serviced and undergo repair.
If the cost gets higher than $100.00 I will purchase a new machine and that one will most likely be another Singer 9960 just so I have the comfort of having 2 good machines and a serger to work on at the same time!

You will not be sorry when you buy this machine!"
"I was told by a sewing machine vendor that this one is a top of the line for Singer.  It's very nice.  A big upgrade from the machine I bought used about 14 years ago!  I was only a bit disappointed when I discovered that it's not a true embroidery machine.  It has a HUGE variety of stitching patterns and pictures, but very limited on the size you can make them.  I like the automatic tension (my worst fight with the old machine) and threader and thread cutter!"
"I've only had this machine for about a week, but, so far I am loving it!  I've been sewing on a 35 year old Singer (bought when I was a teen), just a basic sewing machine.  Decided recently to upgrade.  I didn't want to spend a fortune but, if buying a new one, I did want some upgraded features.  I reviewed a number of machines and decided to go with this one.  This is my first computerized sewing machine, well, in fact, my first new sewing machine in 35 years, so I only have my old one to compare to.  I had no real issues getting started using this machine.  I watched a brief youtube video on how to thread and insert the bobbin and then played with it a little one afternoon and have sewn several hours on several days since receiving it.  For anyone who already sews, I think it's easy to get started and some things are intuitive.  If you're new to sewing, again, I don't think it's complicated to learn to use this machine.  I've only used the straight and zig zag stitches so far, just basic sewing, but, so far so good, no issues.  I had no idea what I was missing not having an auto threader and thread cutter!

Here is a link to a good youtube video on this machine.  This is part 1 (intro - threading the machine);  the author did a whole series on various aspects of using this machine: [...]

What I like about this machine:
- auto needle threader
- thread cutter
- option to use either foot pedal or buttons to sew with -  I am actually sewing using the buttons instead of the foot pedal and find I like this a lot.  Just took a little time to get used to.
- the adjustable sewing speed button - allows you to set at a really slow speed which comes in handy at times when doing something intricate and you don't want to make a mistake.
- auto tension and presser foot level
- twin needle function - have not used it yet but can't wait to try this for double top stitching
- extended table attachment that came with the machine - provides for a nice large work area
- price, price, price!  Amazon's price ($329) is $270 less than a national fabric store's advertised sale price.

What I don't like about this machine:  nothing yet!"
"I've had it for about 2 months & have had no problems with it.  It runs very smooth and is easy to learn how to use it.  The manual is very helpful.  I found it easy to thread & load bobbins.  I thought the light would be brighter, but it is standard.  My older eyes just need more light.  I thought this was a great buy/value for the price.  I really like the 1/4 foot or I think they call it quilters foot.  It's clear & helps me sew a straighter seam."
"I have been sewing for more than 50 years and have had the same sewing machine since before my daughter was born more than 37 years ago. The old one still works great and my daughter will take that one, but I just wanted to upgrade. I make a lot of quilts and I love the fact that I now have room to work on them, the machine is very quiet and has so many great features. I have had this machine for a couple of weeks and am still playing and discovering features. I love the needle threading feature since my eyes aren't what they used to be, but it is tricky to figure out. I watched a YouTube video and got the hang of it. Love the thread cutting feature, saves a lot of thread. Shipping was fast and you can't beat the price. Almost half of what it sells for in local stores/"
"The Singer 9960 given its tremendous built-in functions is extremely easy to use.  Great range of useful stitches and lightweight enough to transport where you need it.  The Wide table adds additional functionality.  Easy to read LCD with complete guide to feet, stitch options, etc.. Very well thought out machine from  threading and bobbin winding to placement of measurement guide on base.  Highly recommend."
"Love this machine it is the best one I have owned I would recommend it to anyone who sews a lot,"
"I have an older machine that has been very well used for hemming and sewing patches on leather.  When my mother died, I got her last quilt that was cut out but not sewn tighter.  I wasn't able to use my old machine to accomplish this task.  I started looking for another machine and I decided to try the Singer.  I am still learning how to use it before I attempt the quilt, but this is an amazing machine."
"YES, SMOOTH.  After 20+ years, I received this from my sweetie - it has so many features that I feel like a Queen.  The push button sewing feature is amazing.  I truly enjoy this excellent machine - it sews like a dream.  smooth operation, even stitches, great lettering and designs and much more.  it was truly the perfect machine for me.  I am a quilter / sewer and love the features it offers.  I am very HAPPY with this machine."
The quietest machine I have ever used . I love the stitches .The threaded is a little difficult to use but that's no big deal.  I love the thread cutter and that the needle stays up when the thread is cut  ready for the next seam. I also love the big table that comes with the machine. It is easy to use I would recommend this machine for beginner or expert  I am well pleased with my machine.
I absolutely love EVERYTHING about my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist 600.  I loved it so much I purchased my daughter-in-law one for Christmas.
"It will take me years to learn all that this machine is capable of, but based upon my limited experience so far, I can't think of anything I might need that it cannot do.  Admittedly way more machine than I need, but I got it at a great price through a Kindle special offer, and I'm not disappointed."
I just returned this machine.  It came and was so excited to use all of the great features.  I found out that you can only embroider computerized pictures/letters that are 1/4 inch high!  What is the point?  You can free form embroider larger but then you have to have some serious skill which I don't have for that.  There are no additional parts or accessories you can buy to make the letters bigger.  Plus I found out it doesn't have a USB port for additional designs. I figured that was standard on all machines now.  I did call customer service and the woman was one of the nicest and most helpful customer service people I have ever come in contact with.  I ended up with the Brother LB6800PR.
great sewing machine.  My old machine was over 20 years old...this is a huge improvement and easy to use too.
"I guess all sewing machines have good and bad points....some bad points seem consistent....I recently purchased this machine...and within an hour or less of opening and setting up...I was sewing.....This machine runs like a new car....smooth and quiet....I tested out the the quilting part today....and have to say this machine more than meets my expectations...the stitches were consistent in placement..no bunching up, I had to stop and say a prayer of thanks...I am thrilled and happy...pieced a table runner and quilted it on the machine....it was remarkable, beautiful and professional looking....I will keep you posted and I use this machine more.....for your money....you just can't go wrong with this sewing machine.....the price was wonderful...I am a retired older woman...on a fixed income....purchasing a more expensive machine was just out of the question...without financing it..which I did not want to do....so in conclusion from my viewpoint if you are considering buying this machine....I think you will be as happy as I am"
This is my first Singer sewing machine experience and I am pleased. The machine is very user friendly and has plenty of features for me. I made a backpack today and it handled several layers of canvas and batting quite well. I love the included overlocker foot. It did get stuck stitching in the same spot when doing the satin stitch. That is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars. I had this problem with my last machine so it may be operator error. I look forward to many more projects on this machine and would recommend this to my sewing friends.
"The way the needle threader works seems to be impossible, but try this.  Push the needle threader  all the way down so that the needle is between the prongs of the U shaped piece.  Then place the thread in front of the needle and between the ends of the U shaped piece.  Slowly release the needle threader and it will pull the thread through the needle from front to back.  You may need to try two or three times. At first I did not follow the directions which seemed impossible and so the needle threader did not work.  I was ready to give up when I tried one more time and figured it out.  Actually the directions are correct but seem to be impossible.
GREAT machine.  I LOVE IT.  All the parts were enclosed. I am a quilter and I was able to do everything I had hoped it would do plus a thing or two.  Love the cut thread and needle down.  It runs smooth.  The speed control is great.  There were so many attachments that look similar that I put them in a craft box with bins and labled it."
"This Singer will replace my old 1982 Brother VX710, which still runs and will go to the Granddaughter.  The other reviewers have listed all of my Pros and Cons.  All and all really happy with the Singer 9960!!!"
"Not really what I expected.  The bobbin doesn't load right and my Pfaff is much better, and it is easier to operate"
"Super easy to use
Happy with the purchase
Button sewing has never been easier
Choosing different sewing patterns a breeze"
"I have been using this machine everyday for the past 4 months and so far I really love it. I don't know how I could sew without it before. I was using a bad second hand Euro Pro machine.  With the Quantum Stylist 9960, I've learned that sewing a straight stitch is not a big deal! No need for unpicking unreagular seams anymore. I have used it on thick and delicate fabrics, woven and knits and it sew wonderfully. My previous machine used to eat delicate fabric but it never happened with this one while sewing chiffon silk. The digital program is very easy to use. The automatic tension setting also worked great so far (I always do test stiches before I start sewing but really it is just out of habit since the tension is always right). Threading the machine is very intuitive and can be done with one hand. I haven't tried yet the automatic threader even with tiny needly I never felt the need to use it. Buttonholes are very clean although I wish they could be a little longer than an inch or also offer an non automatic buttonhole option as well. I will need to learn how to do them by hand if I ever want extra large buttons. Eventhough the machine comes with many useful feet (I don't know how I could live without them!), I completed my set with a tefflon foot and an invisible zipper foot. The auto-pilot and speed control are especially useful sewing in small spaces, tricky curves or doing any intricate work.  The only downside to this machine is how bad looks the 4 letters and numbers font. I will not use them since they are too boxy and doesn't resemble embroidery at all. There are also pretty options for decorative stiches. The price of this machine is very cheap for all you get. I don't regret purchasing it at all."
I'm a beginner quilter.  This machine has exceeded my expectations!  Dont let the electronics intimidate you....It's user friendly!  There are so many stitches to choose from that it makes the possibilities of projects endless!
Book explained set up easily.  I had an easy time figuring out all of the stitches.  A lot of fun stitches.
"This is a great machine, easy to use and has a great tutorial
The touch screen is awesome. Great purchase"
"I did a lot of research and was nervous about purchasing something new and computerized because I was afraid of problems that could arise.  I have had this for a while now and use it frequently. It has made me get back into sewing and I have created many new projects.  The machine itself is quiet, easy to use and I love having the extended table.  The one problem I have is the automatic threader did not last long but I am managing."
"Perfect!! My wife loved it.
Not complicated but wonderful bells and whistles.  She hasn't stopped sewing since it arrived. s"
I am absolutely pleased with my new Singer 9960 sewing machine. It is so quite and easy to use. I can almost say it does everything but pick out my fabric.
"After 12 years I decided to buy a new sewing machine. My new singer is absolutely the best. Arrived quickly, and was easy to set up. I was sewing in no time! I love all the different stitches and all the accessory feet that came along. Great price also."
"I purchased this sewing machine on September 8, 2013. I loved it from the beginning. Easy to use and it did everything I needed. However, April 14, 2014 (only 7 months after purchase) it stopped catching the bobbin thread and started skipping stitches. In addition, I was in the middle of a quilting class doing piecing when this happened and I also discovered that it has a great deal of trouble sewing over a simple seam. Of course the return policy ended in October 2013 before my unit started acting up. So, buyer beware."
I love this machine! Everything included is more than I will ever use. I have already made a quilt and used the waking foot to quilt it myself. So much fun to use. Very happy with my purchase and highly recommend this machine.
"**Update- nearly 5 years after purchasing this machine its still running great!**

I had had my eye on this machine for a year or so. I was very nervous about buying it because of the current Singer reputation. But with the mountain of positive reviews across the web, I decided to bite the bullet and get it when it went on sale during one of Amazon's one day sales for $250. I admit that when I got it and any problem I had (which ended up being human error) I was afraid that I had made a big mistake. Now that I have had this machine for almost a year now, I'm in love!

The machine is very easy to use and is loaded with features that you usually only find on more expensive machines, like the thread cutter. The cutter is a great feature. It cuts the thread close the fabric leaving a short tail behind. At first I kept pulling the thread to make a longer tail, but it turns out I didn't need to. It rarely unthreads. On the same note, the bobbin thread stays under the bobbin cover and you never have to pull it out. It just stays under the bobbin cover, if that makes sense.

The needle threader is a great feature! It took me a while to figure out how to use it, but now it always threads. The trick I found is to turn the dial until the foot is at the very top and when you tug the thread it pulls easily/smoothly.

Loading the bobbin is easy too. It makes a nice tight bobbin. I love how it will automatically stop when the bobbin is full. I was nervous to just let it go before. But it always stops at the right moment.

I read a negative review about it having cheap parts. I'm not sure about that. Everything feels solid to me and compared to my old Brother 6000i, it is heavy.

The table attachment that comes with the machine is a great accessory. That was really important to me and not many machines come with it.

I've enjoyed playing with the stitch options. You have a lot to choose from. :-)

I mostly make baby quilts and purses on this machine. If you have any questions feel free to ask. I'll do my best to give you an answer.

UPDATE: It's been 3 years and I still love my machine and have had no issues with it."
"SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with...
arrived on time and is a great machine for doing projects"
Love this machine! Easy and fun to use.  I would recommend this machine for any level.  I am very glad i chose this one!
So far I am pretty happy with this purchase.  I am a beginner and found the instructions to be very thorough.  I am hoping this machine will give me many great years of sewing.
"Very easy to learn and use the features.  I got it for the automatic cutter.  What a joy it was...until it broke.  It froze up and nothing would make it work anymore.  So, back to Amazon it went.  I did choose to have it replaced in the hopes that it was a lemon and not a recurring design flaw.  We shall see..."
"I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO DISAPPOINTED IN A COMPANY AS I AM WITH SINGER. I bought my wife a brand new Singer sewing machine as a gift (that is very similar to the this machine listed here on Amazon) because, she wanted to have a machine with some new features. My wife has been sewing since she was a teenager and at the time she owned a sewing machine that was 30 years old and was working perfectly. It had never been serviced. The new Singer machine I bought her cost me $499, which was not cheap by any means. Within a few weeks it started giving her trouble. Since we had moved we could not take it back to the place we bought it. We were told to have it serviced at a sewing repair center, which we did. We were told that a gear slipped and caused the machine to be out of sync. It was not a cheap fix. I asked the repair man if the problem that we had was a normal issue and he replied that it was for Singer. I took this as a negative remark on the brand, but at the time I just wanted her machine to get fixed and I did not give it much thought. I assumed this was going to be a one time issue. A few months later the same issue occurred. I called the service man that repaired our machine and asked him why this would be. He replied that these machines are made very cheaply and that he fixes a lot of Singer machines. I once again decided to have the machine fixed since we already had a great deal of money in the machine. It worked fine for two more months. At this point we have over $900 in the machine and the machine won't even sew a straight stitch. My wife is extremely delicate when dealing with things. She often keeps the clear vinyl protective covering on things for the life of the item. Our Singer machine looks brand new, although it does not work correctly.  I felt very sure that if I were to email several executives at the company with our full story that we would have success finding a solution. This is where the real disappointment occurred. Instead of hearing back from the executives they had customer service email me back with the manual in PDF form. I sent them back emails pleading with them to please respond to my questions, but I never heard back. I offered to mail back the machine at my expense multiple times, but never got a reply. I would assume they would want to verify what the issue was with our machine, but I think they just want me to go away. I hope that no one has an experience like we have with their machine. However, if your trying to decide between several sewing machine companies, keep in mind our story and how our after the sale customer service worked out. This is the difference between a good company and a LOUSY COMPANY.  I can't tell you how disappointed we are with Singer. If someone from the company would like to contact me please do. I would be happy to modify this review, but as long as you see this review on here be assured that Singer has not come through."
"I am a seasoned seamstress with over 25 years of experience, and I have always had the junky old nothing special machines.  My budget does not allow for something with a $$$$ pricetag.  I took a leap of faith on this one, and so far it is amazing!

 One small note:  I would prefer that it has a quicker reverse stitch.  Holding the button down for reverse can be tedious."
This sewing machine is AMAZING.  Worth every penny.  I thoroughly recommend it!  It is extremely quiet and comes with so many feet that make your sewing fun and your garments looking top notch.
The machine broke within six weeks and there is no repair shop or customer service with Singers.  The tension is off and the bobbin tangles the minute you try and sew. I pulled out my 50 year old sewing machine and sadly (since it broke after the four week return window) this machine has been moved to the basement.  It was pretty and I had high hopes. Incredibly disappointing.
"Adore this machine!!! Amazing options and smoothe, hassle free, sewing.  No more tension issues, skipped stitches, or tangled bobbin thread!"
"I bought this machine in 2013.  Today 6/6/2017 - I cannot find ANY authorized repair dealers for ANY Singer sewing machines.  My 9960 is still working fine.  But I have an older Singer machine that needs service - Model # 7462.  (I bought this machine in 1999 and that business no longer is in business).  I can not find any authorized singer repair site anywhere.  What I find is a Singer You-tube chanel with instructional videos.
I bought Singers because I was told the employees bought the company back and improved it.  Before u buy a Singer - check out where to get service."
I love this machine.  I had an older Singer which I loved and really didn't want to get rid of it but there was a part (internal wheel) that could not be replaced so I bit the bullet and purchased a new machine.  I love all aspects of the machine.  It is so easy to use and having an automatic thread cutter is worth the price alone.  It also is soooooooooooooo quiet compared to my other machine.  I would definitely recommend it.  Only drawback (and really not one) is that I have to purchase a complete set of new bobbins.  I have two sets of multiple bobbins from my two previous Singers and neither fit...of course :).
I dearly love this machine. I finally found the machine that does all I need. Some of its functions has made some of girls in quilt group just a little jealious .Cuts thread leaving a small amount out of machine.. No need to pull thread it will sew just like it is. Comes with extension  table which is also a very nice feature.
"I have only used this machine for a couple of weeks and I feel like a pro! It is quiet like everyone said. The stitches are amazing. They best was when sewing my husband's jeans. The needle went through the thick seams as if they were tissue. The needle on my old machine would have broken before it got half way through. This just ate it up!
I can't say enough. Singer has come up with the goods yet again. Totally recommend this machine."
The last machine i used was nearly 15 years ago so I was  quite impressed with my new machine. I still use the  user's guide for lots of things. I especially love the needle threader. It took me a few days to find the other attachments they are in a cute container near the needle. Of course now every thing goes there.  There was even a seam ripper... I needed that too.  I have already made a  few shirts and out fits for the  kids and would recommend this machine to  anyone who needs a new machine.
"This is a very nice machine. It has lots of features. The instruction manual for the extra parts is very clear. The stitches are very smooth. It makes very nice french seams and rolled hems. I love the auto tack feature and the needle threading feature. It's very quiet, I've never seen a machine that is so quiet. It also doesn't bounce as it stitches. If you tend to be a lead foot like myself the adjustable stitch speed is great because you can slow the machine down and still lead foot the peddle and it will go at a nice smooth pace instead of zipping through it. However if you want to zip through a straight seam just slide the speed switch and zip along. So far I love it!"
Nice stitch quality.  Like all the feet that came with the machine.  The machine feels solid and jas a nice design.
So far so good...i'm still learning about all the different veariations it has to offer but so far i'm loving it ...
"This has been the best birthday present ever. I have sewed so many things. It is so easy with this machine. Love the nice
choices of hems and items you can choose from."
I had never used a computerized machine before buying this one. It is awesome to use. I would recommend any Singer product here on Amazon.
"Machine is a better than average machine for anyone who is learning or is in the beginner to intermediate range. My wife says no one should go with a smaller size. To get a larger version was not worth the money to her and finds there is almost no limit what she can do with this machine. Easy to download designs, easy to find ones already in the machine and easy to use and set up. My wife says she would recommend it to anyone looking for mid size and mid priced machine. Problem with the first one sent and Amazon replaced it super fast. Great to deal with."
"She loves it. Bought it as a second machine and now it is getting most of the use.
Highly recommended."
"I received this machine as a replacement to my old Singer (the type you find in school home-ec classes). It comes with countless accessories, different feet, bobbins, etc. The stitching is smooth and perfect. Adjusting the different feet and changing stitches is a breeze. It has done everything I have asked of it. You can really tell the difference between the stitching from my old machine and this one.

 I am still in the process of learning everything this machine can do and I've been sewing since I was 12 years old. I would definately recommend."
The Singer 9960 has really been a dream. I have switched back to singer after being unsatisfied with the brother machine I have. I started our using a singer when I first started sewing and switched to brother when my old singer went down. I should have never switched. I am very pleased with my new Singer and an purchasing a XL400 for my embroidery needs here very soon.
"I bought this sewing machine to learn on, and it's been pretty forgiving for that bit.

If I were to complain it would be on the embroidery function. Can it do letters? Yes. Can you resize them? No.

Would I buy this machine again if I knew this before hand? Absolutely.

It's a good sewing machine, and had I been able to size up the letters, it would have gotten 5 stars."
"Singer Quantum 9960 purchased January 2014. When my wife's 30 yr old machine broke, I had to look for a suitable replacement. The machines available at the local big box stores we're not as good as this machine. They had lower horsepower motors. At the same time I found the machines available at the local sewing centers powerful but way overpriced. So I chose the Singer Quantum 9960 from Amazon for a number of reasons, including the horsepower of the motor, the abundant features ,  but also because of its country of origin (made in Taiwan and not in China). My wife has used it heavily and it has performed flawlessly.  Even better, it is so easy and intuitive to use that even I can use it. I have even mastered some advanced sewing skills.

Update August 2015: both my wife and I have continued using this machine over the last year, and it continues to perform flawlessly. We find it very easy to set up, tear down and store. I would suggest a couple of good habits that will make your life easier. The first one, because this machine is electronically controlled I always use it in conjunction with a quality surge protector. Don't leave it plugged in while you're not using it .  This will help protect the electronics from electrical spikes. The second suggestion is to get a storage container for the various removable feet and store them in such a way that they are labeled for easy identification. I found some cheap plastic boxes and the local sports store that are ordinarily used for fishing lures. They worked perfectly for all the removable feet. With each of the feet identified, it's easy to reference to the user manual when it suggests the type of foot you need to use for the type of stitch your selecting.  Always use the correct needle for the weight of the thread and the type of material, and seat it fully when you install it. Also, never run the machine with the cleats up and the presser foot down unless there's material between them, as this will cause the cleats to abrade the bottom of the presser foot. If you happen to do this accidentally, don't worry about it. Just don't make a habit of it. And as my wife would say - ""guide"" but don't ""force"" the material.

I'm not a sewing expert, and I still find this machine to be very easy to use. I continue to be impressed by the multitude of stitches available on the unit. The User Guide that came with it is sufficient enough to let me know which foot, and what type of needle I need to be using in conjunction with the type of fabric and the type of stitch. So far the machine has been used on opaque-backed curtains, and for alterations using all types of material, jean-weight and lighter. It hasn't so much as snagged once. It is really easy to thread, but you might have to practice a couple of times to get it right. But after that it's a breeze to thread. The auto cutter is very handy. I also like the fact that it can tack at the beginning and end of your stitching. The range of automated controls, - width and length of stitch - are easy to set. Even if I haven't use the machine in a while, when I get it out and set it up, I quickly remember how  the settings work. In comparison, I found my wife's old sewing machine to be difficult to use and baffling at all times. I never knew how to set up her old machine correctly, and constantly had problems with the stitching. And it was extremely expensive machine that weighed about a ton. All I can say is that the technology has come a long way. This new Singer Qantum is way cool.

 One of the things that made me purchase this machine originally was the horsepower of the motor. It has not disappointed me. It moves easily through heavy weight material even at low speeds. My wife has a lot more experience in this area than I do, and she loves this machine.

UPDATE: Nov 2017. We're still using the QUANTUM 9960, and we still love this machine. So far... no problems. The more we use it, the more we've discovered that it is a very user-friendly and versatile machine that offers a lot of control over the stitching dynamics. It is awesome. You can electronically position the needle with precision when mending previously stitched materials. The overcast stitch is a godsend for repairs.  Changing spools and bobbins is easy. It handlers all sorts of fabric and materials without straining.  Hey... but  here's a useful tip. Go through the user guide and identify all the presser-feet ahead of time, and organize them in storage for quick identification and retrieval when needed. I use a PLANO fishing lure box for this purpose and label each of the slots, because it is hard to figure out which foot is which from the drawings in the book. Anyway.... we've use the 9960 on projects, alterations, and much mending. There has been no hitch in the stitch.  If this machine ever has a problem we will update you all."
Exactly what I ordered for a surprise gift. The machine was easy to set up and begin to work on sewing.
"This machine does a lot, but little of what I want it to do.  There are a LOT of stitches, mostly useless to me.  The basic functions are not versatile enough.  For example, the zigzag stitch is not fully adjustable in minimum length or width - sometimes when sewing stretch I want a long stitch length and the slightest width on the zigzag.  Or when sewing a 3-step zigzag for gathering elastic, I want a super long stitch length.  My basic machines can do this with levers, but this computerized machine has limits on such things.

However, normal sewing is so smooth and efficient with the automatic needle threader, thread cutter, and auto tacker; although this seems to be standard in newer machines.  Matter of fact, the fact that this machine says ""Singer"" on it doesn't seem to make a difference.  It still feels like every other newer machine in its price range no matter the brand, and it seems they all get their design and parts from the same place.

I learned from a dealer that Singer got bought out and no longer has the standards it once had.  This machine is nice enough, but not the workhorse I hoped it to be.  I bought it because I needed something quickly for a gig, but if I had more time to pick out a machine, this would not be a top pick. : /  I love my equipment but I'm not in love with this piece."
"DON'T BUY THIS MACHINE. I'm genuine buyer of this machine, I baught this machine for my wife. This machine looks nice, does the work according to the manual. But this machine has very cheap parts in it, breaks very easily. Cheap plastic body and the worst part of all is, its very hard to get the parts, if something breaks  then the machine is gone more likely your $$$ are gone, which is very comman with this machine. If you will take it the Singer warranty centers your machine is gonna sit there forever  for parts, because singer doesn't send parts to it service centers. I have been waiting for more than a year for the plastic body from where the thread runs through because it was cut off with the thread, just imagine how a all purpose thread can cut the body of this machine, it's that cheap plastic. We put a matel peace in that area to let thread run through, it worked that way for couple months and then bobbin case stopper broked I opened it and it was very thin cheap metal part. that machine is sitting at home can't find that part anywhere and Singer service center is 40 miles from my home and don't have enough time keep making trips to singer service center. Funny part is when Last time to Singer warranty center there were lots of these plastic body machines sitting from different brands, I that gave me experience that all plastic body machines have problem no matter what brand you buy because low quility cheap plastic parts are being used in these machines. It amazed me Singer made this machine to ruin its name, the name of quality I had been hearing from grand parents. Don't buy all these plastic body machines which tell you lots of  bells and whistles because all these machines are peace of crap, if you can't afford professional, machines buy machines which are mechanical simple machines. Don't waste your money as I wasted. I didn't have less than one star to give this product because this machine doesn't deserve even one star for quality."
Really like it. I was expecting a DVD with it and am disappointed as I have never worked with computerized machines . So I guess this was a waste of extra money. Could have got a cheaper machine.
I choose this rating because it is a great machine with a great company standing behind it.  It does lots of decorative stitches but it also does the standard stiches.  It would be a great machine for anyone that likes or enjoys sewing.  You can sew as plain or as fancy as you like.  I have always loved the Singer machine.  I have used other brands but I always come bace to the Singer.
"I purchased this machine because my machine, which cost at least twice as much, needed an expensive repair.  After a week of using this Singer Quantum, I am really enjoying it.  It came with so many accessories which I had to purchase separately for my previous machine.  I will be using it primarily for quilting. Some of the best features include the automatic tension control, the automatic needle down position when sewing is stopped and the self-threading features.  This is the 4th machine that I've owned and, so far, it's my favorite.  It was a great price for all that was included."
"I really like this machine; I moved from a vintage no-frills Brother to this Singer 9960, and have never looked back. I've had the machine for almost 2 years and have never regretted the purchase.

My only real complaint about the machine is the limited throat space; I'm a quilter and I find it really difficult to quilt anything larger than a lap quilt on it (anything bigger I send out for long arming).

The only other thing is that it doesn't come with a proper case, just a snap-on hard cover - which is okay, but at some point, because I use my machine at sew-ins and guild meetings, I'll need a proper carrier for it.

The machine comes with ample feet and accessories, most of which I'll probably never use (and some I don't even know how to use).

The machine is easy to use. One of my favorite features is the auto thread cutter - I'll honestly never have another machine without one, it's totally spoiled me. The auto threader is a nice feature, too.

I've purchased non-Singer snap on and low-shank feet for the machine, all which work well, and my old Brother's low-shank feet fit nicely on it too.

For a beginner/intermediate sewist/quilter/crafter, this is an awesome machine to have."
I was excited when the machine arrived.  One huge problem!!!!!!!!!!  It did not have a power cord included.  What can I do without this item?
"I read all the reviews on this machine - good and bad - decided to buy it and give it a try. I LOVE IT!!!
Easy to read instructions, quiet, no problems with the bobbin or tension. Can't wait to sew many projects on this!"
"Shipping speed quick and arrived in prefect condition. The machine is so much fun and I have so far made a shirt, skirt and a quilting project and even tried free motion quilting which was very easy for my 1st time. I still can't figure out how to use the self thread needle part but I don't need to worry about that just yet and really haven't made the effect to figure it out. The needle up and down is great and the cut button also handy. Saves time and thread. The extra table extension is nice to have for quilting. The free arm could have a little more room underneath for doing arms on shirts etc with pins catching a little but I'm sure I will get use to that. All the different stitches are great but I'm sure I will only used about 20 of them but it's nice to have a large choice.  The hard case cover it comes with is also nice to have for protection. It's not that heavy to move around. It's my second machine I've owed and I don't think I will need another machine for a long long time. If you want a machine that can do a bit of everything, this machine is for you. It's a good machine for a 1st machine (not a child!) and a good if you have been sewing for years. Ok it's not a modern fancy looking machine, it's pretty boring looking but so what.... you create pretty nice fancy projects using it! I would really give this 4.5 stars as the light isn't bright enough. However, I've looked at a lot of machines and they are never bright enough! It's important for me to see my stitches are going in a straight line and they are prefect looking, so I do like a lot of light, so I have a natural lamp next to the machine I can move around the machine depending on what I am doing. I like this machine and I would buy this as a gift for a sewing enthusiast!"
"Best sewing machine I have ever owned and I love it!
Easy to clean, adjustable sewing speed, all metal chaste are all pluses.
Good mid range sewing machine without the $1000+ price-tag.
Plenty of decorative stitches to use.
Drop in bobbin easy to remove, change, and clean.
Have had it for a year and not had any issues.
Self threading needle mechanism takes a bit of practice to learn to use, but works as intended. (one of the biggest complaints noted before purchasing...and one resulting from user error me thinks)."
"BEST MACHINE EVER! I love the look, the operation is very easy to understand, love the thread cutter and LOVE using my finger to stop and start my sewing instead of the foot pedal."
Performs wonderfully!  Wish I had more time to use it.  Can't wait to try all the decorative stitches.  Love all the feet that are included.
It's okay product
"Wish I had never bought this machine. I've spent two days trying get it to sew correctly for more than 8"" straight. The entire bobbin mechanism turns to the left, the thread wads up, and the needle bends or breaks. After going through two spools of thread and 3 needles I'm done with it. Hoping Singer will stand behind their product, but it won't be in time for me to make to a Quilts of Valor event in my town. Very disappointed."
"i raised three children with singer sewing machines, they were all industrial models as i had a small workroom, i did everything from ""forty tutus"" for two year olds to swags and jabots for the finest homes...amazing what you will do to put a roof over your children's heads.  now nearing 70 i sew for the fun of it.  i don't dare count the number of machines i own...i would have to hang my head in shame!  is there such a thing a sewing machine glutony?  to the point here...this an easy machine to work with, i have found it forgiving when i ask it to stand on it's head and dance for me, and true when i'm running those long seams for yards of ruffles.  most machine i find are just too slow even for my old eyes, this one moves along at a pleasant clip...although i am known as lead foot this machine never hesitates.  i've had it for almost a year now and it has certainly been a pleasure to work with.  i think it might be a stretch for a beginner but i recommend it for them anyway, it won't disappoint."
"Bought last November (2014), it worked OK for a while but it seemed the thread was always causing problems. It would jam, there would be excess looping on the underside of the stitched material.  At one point it would not do zig zag stitches and there appeared no way to fix the problem.  I emailed the tech people but they didn't have a solution.  Based on the price compared to other similar machines I suspect this one is a lemon and many folks have been caught as a result of the low price.  It has good potential but there's something in the basic design that causes problems.........and I suspect Singer knows it."
"I am a beginner and I love the idea of sewing. I took it in high school and have not done anything until now. I was looking for something to make a quilt. I saw this and the wonderful price and took a chance. I am so happy I did. Its a great well designed product and the quality it A+. I learned how to thread in just 2 minutes, and I was sewing the next. They have online advice and tips and videos to teach you everything you need to know about how to sew. so far, so good. I can not wait to see what I can create with this machine. It does everything you could ask from a sewing machine and it quiet as well. It came with allot of extra stuff that you would pay out of the pocket for. HI ho, HI ho, its off to sew I go!"
"I loved the machine when I first received it. Unfortunately after three weeks of using the machine I began having several problems with thread breaking and it jamming material into the bobbin area.  I am waiting on a new machine to arrive and will try it again,  I love the features and hope second time around is better.  Amazon was great about the return- no questions, just shipped a new machine."
"I am not a tailor or seamstress, but I was impressed by this machine.  I purchased it for my girlfriend and she loves it.  It is not as heavy as other machines and comes with a large number of accessories and attachments that enhance its usefulness.  So far, it has performed as expected.  I am pleased with this purchase."
This machine is exactly what I was looking for. It has so many functions. The pricing was excellent. Would definitely recommend to others.
This machine is a gem. Easy to use & has enough options to keep me busy wanting to learn more of what it has to offer.
"I got one of those cheap manual models for xmas...gave up trying to sew anything.  This machine is like a Cadillac compared to that.

I've quilted a xl twin quilt, made 3 purses, covered 6 chairs, 2 sets of curtains, sewed 6 buttons and hemmed a half dozen pants  (never sewed anything before)

The machine and all the presser feet make this easy.  The decorative stitches are neat and add to giving things a finished, unique look.

The bobbin is easy to thread and pull up.  I love the automatic thread cutting.

I didn't give it 5 stars as the automatic needle threader leaves something to be desired.....  I just do it manually.  There may be something bent on my machine or something but even after watching a YouTube video on how to do it....it doesn't work.

Overall a great little machine and able to keep up with my projects and newness. Way better than the cheap models."
For the price this sewing machine is awesome.  Tons of accessories.  Easy to use. It is quiet.  I love it.
"Great machine.  Great value. Sews perfectly and is easy to use. Not much set up required, just thread it (automatically) and start sewing."
Good machine that performs as expected. Only downfall is the plastic case is damaged without reason. Have to now do without the machine while Singer is determining the reason for the breakage.
Very happy with this product!  Easy to operate for a beginner. ..it's a popular machine so there's tons of online tutorials to supplement the manual instructions!
"The light above the foot and shank is too bright!  The glare from the shank and foot makes using the machine uncomfortable and causes eye strain. When I contacted Singer they could not suggest any remedy.  All they could say was the light could not be replaced. If the surfaces on the feet and shank were dull that may have reduced the glare. The machine itself is mostly OK, only getting the thread in the right place when replacing the bobbin is tricky. Also, the method for filling the bobbin is unsatisfactory.  In my old machine (a Singer Touch-Tronic 2001), filling the bobbin requires just pressing 2 buttons and the act is completed. No thread to move or levers to push.  It was new when I bought it in the 70's, so the technology has been around for some time."
"I just purchased this machine,  I have a new grand daughter coming and have been sewing up a storm. this machine is very easy to use and does everything and more that I want. I have requested the user DVD to get the most from the machine. Would highly recommend this machine to beginners up to professionals.."
"I have really only scratched the surface of this machine, but I am excited by what I have experienced so far.  It is powerful with many features, almost too many.  The large color touch screen is easy to use.  A help button provides info on lots of topics.  You can also download the 108-page manual on Singers website.

As others have commented, it would have greatly benefited from a hard cover as opposed to the soft cover provided.  I had just given my mother a more basic Brother machine for Christmas so she could teach my daughter the basics.  Hopefully she can then graduate to this machine as she develops her skills.  Plus, it is purple, her favorite color.  I would recommend this machine to those with more advanced sewing skills or if you are looking to go digital with your sewing."
I'm so happy with this purchase.  It arrived quickly in good condition and I used it right away.  It's so easy to thread and to fill bobbins; I've sewed three garments within two weeks.  I like it better than the Pfaff I had that cost easily twice as much.  I recommend it hightly.
"I have had embroidery, and basic machines and everything in between.  In the class of sewing machines with being an embroidery also,this is the most reliable with the most features and accessories.  This  is my second one.  My daughter's in law keep begging for mine and I have to get another one.  It's my favorite by far. The 2 built alphabet are are nice too."
"This machine is awesome.  It is quiet, easy to thread,  so many options.  Can't wait to learn to use the extra features."
"I am very happy with my sewing machine purchase.  It took me a little time to learn to use this machine because it was my first ever sewing machine purchase.  I can say that it is quite easy, and now I am a pro.  The hardest thing for me was to learn to thread the bobbin. I had a few failures initially.  That can be very frustrating.  My advice is to make sure the thread remains wound around the little metal tension circle properly, and that is all there is to it."
"I started out this little venture by getting a Singer 222K with as many feet, accessories, pieces, parts and manuals I could find. This little machine sewed beautifully, and became my favorite. After a MANY projects I had an additional machine ( Spartan 192) that I'd put the attachment or foot I needed at the time. Then a Singer 99 for the heaver stuff. (3 machines + a Imagine serger) REALLY? Yes really!

I played with the Singer 160th machine and liked the buttons and it was black. Basically a needle attached to a computer. NICE. The sewing room looked like a ancient futuristic museum of functional modern art . But I was hooked on the technology. Several EBay sales later I bought a 9985.

Let's see, measure, cut, baste/pin, create a pile of things, put on Black Sabbath (loud) and sew, sew, sew. Every foot and accessory was included. I did buy some more plastic bobbins (plastic on plastic is better). Use the alphabet to sign the thing somewhere and off to the next project.

Back-tack is automatic or not. tension is adjustable for cover stitches or what ever. and finally I don't need that pesky foot peddle. It is nice though to plug it in set the slider for maximum speed and off you go. Stitches are ( I think) logically laid out and help is just a poke away. The thread and bobbin are hidden under a lid, there are pictures of stitches under there too, and diagrams to thread and make bobbins. 1 step buttonholes ( I'm still working on the technique but better than the old way).

OK! the automatic threaded takes some getting use-to (put the foot down, hit the up/down button twice; to lower then raise the needle, center the needle, lift the foot, load the threader and push it down, place the thread in the slot and slightly lift up, slowly start to release the threader; if there is some resistance it is caught in the teeth and the needle will thread) I now can get it to work with any needle and thread... COOL!

The up/down button is NICE, You can just about use the back-tack button when-ever you want. AND the thread cutter is nicer than... well it's nice. Wind a bobbin, place it in the well, pull the thread through the little channel, use the cutter to cut it off, replace the cover, throw in your material, drop the handle/ needle and sew. NO you don't have to pull up the bobbin thread. At the end back-tack or with auto back-tack the machine does it for you. push the cutter button, lift the handle, and remove your item.

Drop the feed-dogs, put on the darner foot and DARN away. Oh darn! Zigzag too!

Nicely lit and pretty.

The touch screen is great, Nice size (I don't have to use a magnifying glass as much) I have like 50/400 vision so I memorize finger placement, count beeps, do a test, and get to it. It is pink and doesn't have a case... or does it

""Everything Mary - Hard Side Rolling Sewing Case - Pink"" from scrapbook dot com The only thing that will fit is the machine and foot controller. It is tight and has a foam liner that grips the machine.  VERY NICELY! It's $119 though ( a hare high, a rabid pun) and they seem to be the only ones with any stock on hand. This case is the same PINK as the 9985.

Now my new Singer is complete! And I had enough EBay money to get a SAILRITE for the heavy stuff (LSZ-1).

What started out as an exercise of traditional sewing techniques, developed a life of its own, and evolved into the most efficient way to get the job done with the least amount of equipment. There is a certain amount of an OOOH factor when you drag out that old free-arm 222K, but, The 9985 gets as many looks, is easier to use, more consistent, and well, a needle attached to a better computer. If it had speakers, wifi, and a USB port it would be perfect.

~KRK~ 2014-03"
"I ordered a sewing machine.  I was snow birding and the machine was accidently sent to my regular address.  I called my son to check for me, sure enough it was left like many items had in the past.  He took it with him and sent it back to amazon.  In the meantime amazon sent me another machine to where I was snow birding.  It arrived in record time.  I can't thank them enough for their prompt service.  I really am enjoying my new sewing machine.  Thanks"
"I bought the Singer 9960 last summer and barely used it until recently, unfortunately.
Two major issues, one fixable, one not.
The foot pedal stopped working after about 3 uses, so I ordered another and figured I'd absorb the cost of that.
Then, the bobbin case started slipping in it's housing and breaking needles, we tried adjusting tension etc, but couldn't get it to hold.  We figured we'd order another one of these small plastic cases, about an inch and a half in diameter.  Figured it would be 8 bucks or so....nope $90 to $125...are you kidding me?
Even worse, it seems this is a very common problem, so we'd have to replace it regularly at that ridiculous price...
Not worth it....gonna scrap the whole thing and buy a less expensive Brother or the like, then when it goes, I won't feel as bad about the purchase.
Never buy a Singer!"
"Just finally opened my new machine.  These things were missing:  extension table, electrical plug, foot petal, and instruction book.  Now the question is ""How can I possibly use it?""  I had assumed everything was there, but apparently not.  Since it was a gift, packing is long gone and so is the return slip!  Very disappointed !"
"I love this machine, although, while quilting you must be very careful when positioning the quilt in the handle not to bump the stitch design buttons which will reset your stitch length and chosen design. Hopefully, I'll get used to this and it'll be a non issue. Same thing holds true with the scissors directly above the needle down and backstitch buttons. I do love all of the extra feet that come with it making this machine an economical choice. I also read some of the reviews on the Singer website talking about the auto tension messing up. I thought I was going to have the same problem, but discovered if the bobbin tension does mess up, take it out and reinsert your bobbin, AND re-thread your machine. So far this has fixed the few tension issues I've experienced. Mostly, I've had a trouble free, wonderful sewing experience, other than my own user errors. I've made two lap quilts, table runner, placemats, a tote, and a cosmetic bag..all with ease. Ha, and I've only had this machine a little over a month!"
"New to sewing I purchased this machine because of the pretty solid reviews and price. I got it home and immediately had issues with the bobbin jamming. I thought that it was a user error and out of frustration I put it away for two months (BIG MISTAKE). Just recently I tried again and had the same issues. Unable to return it to Amazon due to the Return Agreement expiring I called Singer. After an 80 minute hold time for a Singer customer service representative it turns out it's not a user error it's something that a Singer Professional will have to work on. She said that: ""it sounds like the timing may be off"". I will have to ship it to a company that is located about 6 hrs. from my house at MY EXPENSE. The shipping coming out of my pocket is something I have an issue with since it's not something that I broke it was a faulty product out of the box and is still under warranty. This machine seems like it would be a good one and I was eager to learn on it but sadly I'm very disappointed with the customer service that Singer has to offer. I'm currently attempting to contact someone at Amazon to see if they are in any way able to help.

Updated: I contacted Amazon about the issue and they are sending me a return label for the broken machine and an exchange. I'm about a 35 days out of the Return window and Amazon has agreed to exchange my product. That would be unlikely to have happened though another company. I know shipping this heavy machine would have cost me an additional $60 or more. This is why I love Amazon. It pays to have great customer service."
"I love it...its great -- threader has already broken, but it did on all other models too (same mechanism on them all)...button holes, buttons, overcast, all work like a dream...so easy to use...does lots of thicknesses with no problem...threads easily...love, love, love it"
"Great machine, quiet, smooth running and all around a good buy. Will take time to learn all the different funtions, put I feel you can never loose with a Singer."
"I have only had the machine a few days but I am doing my best to put it through all the paces to get used to it quickly.
I love the touch panel. It's easy to figure out with out even referring to the instruction manual.
I love the professional look of all the decorative stitches.
This is my first experience with all the fun new features like up/down needle, auto thread cutting, and speed control, not to mention there is no need to pull up the bobbin thread! Small detail but I really like that! And I didn't think I'd really care much for the start/stop button since I'm used to the foot control but I like that too.
The auto needle threader is pretty unreliable. I wish it wasn't there to be in the way. I've had one on an old machine and felt pretty much the same. I'll just put on some magnifiers and thread it myself, thanks anyway.
The one thing I have a slight concern with is the sewing area is a lot tighter than my old machine and it will take getting used to having a smaller space to work in.
Also, in case you are planning on ordering bobbins, the product info here on Amazon is incorrect. It says the bobbins are 15j class. When the machine arrived the instruction manual says 15, not 15j. I had purchased 24 at Joann's in preparation and all I have to say is I'm glad I didn't sidewind all of them full so I'd be ready to go! Thy are still in the pkg fortunately so I need to exchange.
All in all I think when I update this after I've had a chance to really try everything out and adjust to the differences I'm hoping to change my review to 5 stars!
I have been using my machine for over a year now and I love it! It is worthy of 5 stars.
The smaller work area hasn't been an issue for me at all."
"I did not realize that this machine would have so many functions that I felt overwhelmed and returned it.  However, I found nothing wrong with it and purchased a Brother sewing machine that is more satisfactory for me to use.  In fact I am falling in love with my Brother PC-420 so thanks to Amazon's liberal return policy I was able to get the machine I needed."
"Seems to work well and has a ton of features built in.  One caveat is that you can't use a large spool of thread with this machine.  When I try to do this, the tension of the large spool of thread (upright since it won't fit sideways) will pull the thread back out of the needle 8/10 times when you use the cut feature.  In Singer's defense, this is a home use machine after all, but being able to use large industrial spools like my Juki serger would have been nice."
"Have used this since day one. Excited with results. Have gone from making baby items, lots, to quilting to creating home decor items trimmed with fancy stitching, as arthritis had curtained the fine stitching I used to do. Read the good and bad reviews and have discovered that most of the negative reviews were caused by just plain bad sewing machine hygiene. You have to keep the inner workings clean. Today's fabrics are not the same quality of old. Too much lint being given off.  Have not had any issues with this one.  Will update later to revisit post. Would recommend to anyone who wants to take that next step to create your ideas and dreams."
"I recently switched to Singer based on some bad experiences with a Brother machine.  It is wonderful!  It is smooth, quiet and has some great features.  I use my machine at least once a week for various projects for myself and family members.  This machine is so easy to use with the touch screen feature and tons of great stitch options.  My 7 year old granddaughter uses it as well and quickly learned how to use it with all the technology in it.

My only concern is that the lighting under the sewing area could be better.  But that is a small thing compared to all that I have gained by switching back to Singer from Brother.  Truthfully my reason for switching back to Singer is the quality of the construction inside and reputation.  My mother taught me to sew on a Singer and her machine lasted for 50 plus years!  Hope I can get the same or similar experience with this one."
"This Singer Quantum is hands down the best sewing machine I have ever used. Previously I owned a Husqvarna and while it was very reliable, it simply cannot compare to the features and build quality of this Singer Quantum.

I must warn you that at this price point, along comes many many features. Almost too many for a novice like myself. The learning curve is very steep and after nearly a month, I have only utilized around 25% of its features & capabilities.

I do agree with another reviewer, at this price point, Singer should have included a hard case/cover.

As I am a novice, I cannot provide you with details of all the nuances of this machine. It is feature packed, sews through denim like butter, it is extremely quiet and all the parts seem of super high quality. It has not had a single issue. I just wish I could offer more details but I personally am learning myself.

The lcd is a great benefit as it is clear and provides you with complete details. The machine is heavy and feels like a commercial quality sewing machine. Is it worth nearly $600 for a novice? doubtful. But for a veteran seamstress, costume maker, or serious hobbyist, this is one of the finest machines available at this price point!

Highly recommended!"
"This machine includes everything you need to get going except thread and fabric - bobbins, feet, attachments, manual and all. I suggest using the Singer Web site too, just to get started. You can download a copy of the same manual on pdf so it will be searchable.

This machine does everything from buttonholes do initials. You will probably never need another."
I love this sewing machine!!! It does so many things that my old Brother could not handle!!  I would highly recommend this machine to anyone new to sewing or someone with more advanced skills
"Impressive machine.  The quick summary is that if you only want to hem the occasional trouser or something then go for something much less expensive.  However...  If you've used up an entry level machine in just a few years then you're sewing enough to upgrade.

The build quality seems very good.  For example, the way the free arm thing slides off and fits back on simply feels right.  On unpacking, various pieces are held with sturdy green tape with one end folded over so it is easy to grip and pull off.  Nice detail.  The metal frame indicates that the whole machine should be nice and robust.  I haven't opened it up to look at the gears though.  Also, the clear cover over the bobbin is a nice useful touch.

My own level of experience is that I got a nice Brother 6000i some years ago because I didn't want to deal with the hassle and cost of paying to have trousers hemmed.  Things moved along from there because once you start sewing a little it is real easy to start sewing more.  Suddenly you're sewing canvas bags for tire chains, rehabilitating a tent, and giving those worn out work-around-the-house pants a few more years.  I've had and reviewed a few other machines since then too thanks to the Amazon vine program.

All that said, this machine isn't pink so much pink as purplish.  Besides, I don't require my tools to be in manly colors.

At the moment, the only thing I don't like is the cover.  It's nice that it came with a vinyl cover (now monogrammed), but I prefer a hard cover/carry case because I keep all my tools put away and shelved when not in use.  I do appreciate that the bobbin area snaps closed for stowage.

As for use, very nice.  It's easy to set up and the needle threader works fine.  At first, the display seems like an unnecessary complication but ends up being rather useful.  It's nice to have instructions (the help screens, etc.) right there without searching through a booklet.  With my other machines I've grown very very protective of the instruction manuals because I'll never remember all that stuff about what presser foot to use when and stuff.  I also really like the speed control slider.  I tend to use that way more than the foot pedal.

I tend to use basic stitches only, this machine does them well.  I've hemmed some ""pajama jeans"" and the light stretchy material was no problem.  I've also fixed a denim jeans pocket and a dog bed, again without problems.  I also messed around with some muslin just to see how the machine performed.  It just did what it was supposed to do.  I now have a somewhat pointless monogrammed muslin bag with random stitches and sewn on scraps scattered around it.  Very easy.  I set up on a cheap plastic table and this machine, probably because of its weight, does not shake the table as much as the other machines do.

I haven't used the walking foot yet.

This is now my favorite sewing machine."
"I have an old (I mean OLD) White sewing machine. It was a hand me down from the 40s, I think!!! It was a heavy metal thing that needed oiling, came in a wooden cabinet, you controlled it with your leg, and it did sew. It didn't sew that well though...but I didn't sew frequently enough to have wanted a new one. Then I wanted to do a tackle-twill applique on a jacket. I needed a zig zag (the antique didn't do zig zag.) So I ordered&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/this-Brother-one/dp/B000F7DPEQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">this Brother one</a>&nbsp;mostly because it was relatively inexpensive. I thought I had gone to sewing heaven! Then I got this one...talk about heaven!

I will say first off that I mostly sew straight stitches...I don't normally do those little triangles or tulips (can't they change/add a few of these stitch patterns? My mom had those in the 70s.) The alphabets are nice, but it isn't embroidery (THOSE machines are expensive!) I do love the machine though...mostly because it does what it is supposed to do very well...it doesn't seem to try to be fancier than it is...but tries to make what it DOES do...the best.

It is heavy...not as heavy as those cast iron things!, but heavier than my newer little Brother model. But it isn't unmanageable....people buy kitchenaid mixers all the time and don't worry about the weight...it seems similar to that (I didn't get on the scale with it...I try not to get on the scale too much!! :D)

I did not use the automatic threading. I will...but I was nervous I would screw it up. I have spent many years (going back to high school sewing class...remember that!?) threading machines by hand and am just used to it. I am not afraid of new things, but wanted to just do it the most comfortable way the first few times. I didn't have any trouble with tension. I was using cotton and a thicker polyester upholstery fabric, so I will have to see if I move to something like chiffon....but so far so good.

I REALLY like that I can see the bobbin!! WHY did this take so long to be a thing!? I don't usually run full bobbins. I make enough for what I ~THINK~ I will need. Sometimes I just run one color on top of another that is already there, I usually always have a white or black on there, and just run 1/2 or 1/3 of some odd color right on top. I don't have dozens of bobbins and that way if I need black or white, I can just unravel any little leftover of an odd color. And with the clear window, I can see in there and if I start seeing white peeking through my red thread, I know I am almost out. It is no fun running a nice long line and then seeing that the last 15 inches aren't even done because I ran out of bobbin.

CHEAT: My first project on it is cushions for my porch furniture. Those are crazy expensive to have custom cut to size and I can never find the right ones for my chairs and loveseat to match. I love the box shape ones with the welting (again...expensive.) I have made them before and the first time (about 15 years ago) I tried to teach myself cording/welting via the internet. To do it RIGHT you need to cut on the bias and make these long strips, etc. etc. And I didn't want to buy all that fabric. I understand that the cording will ""turn corners"" much better on the bias..but I still didn't want to go through that much work for a porch chair cushion!  So, I sort of made a cheat. Now, it isn't the ""right"" way, and it may not work on something super curvy or with an obvious bold pattern, but it worked very well for me. It will only work with the welting color the same fabric as the rest of the cushion.

What I did was cut my gusset edge (the part that isn't the top or bottom...the sides) extra wide. About 4 inches wider than my foam insert. The purpose is that you are going to add the welting cord directly to that strip of fabric. Just run the cord down one side (use you new zipper foot!) so the right side is showing. That is the easy part. Now, to make sure you are keeping the cording equal when you run it down the other side, I used a ""jig."" A jig is just a pattern. I actually used a piece of a dowel rod that I had that was the exact length I wanted between my two corded edges. As I sewed the second cord onto that one long strip, I slid the dowel right ahead of where I wanted to sew...just to make sure I wasn't going crooked or wavy. The guide helped me to keep a perfect distance from the first corded edge and where I needed to sew the other side. I didn't even use pins...just my hands (love that foot pedal!) to fold the cord inside and check with the stick. When your done, you will have a long strip (long enough to go around the perimeter of your cushion) with cording on both sides..the raw edges will look like they are underneath. I am trying to describe it accurately...a cross section of the strip will like of look like a barbell...one layer of fabric in the middle, with the cording down both sides.

Then just open up that raw edge/seam (where the cording is) and attach that raw edge to your top and bottom pieces (sew closely with your zipper foot.) It really is easier that way...you don't have to be perfect with measuring (if you use the jig/guide...I have used cardboard and even a drinking straw once.) And you don't have to cut those endless diagonals and piece them together. And you don't have to worry about your welting not ending up too far from the seam. I realize that this IS cheating...but I just wanted it done fast and simple...and I had a limited leftover bolt of fabric so I had no extra. And it looks just as nice. It (of course) won't work if you want a different color cording (unless you sewed skinny strips to your gusset an were very careful...but that is more work than doing it the right way.)  I just wanted to post it because it DOES look nice to have that welting, and you don't have to spend hours to get it. And if you're a novice (like me) you don't have to be perfect measuring, cutting, and sewing every step. I hope I explained it clearly! And I hope it helps someone. :)"
"Having only used Brother sewing machines (<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/CS6000i/dp/B000JQM1DE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">CS6000i</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/CE7070PRW/dp/B009SC1YA6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">CE7070PRW</a>), I was curious about Singer machines. My mom always had a Singer and used it for fixing our clothes and home projects. At one point, she also had a Bernina for professional work.

This is a high end, fully featured machine. Other than possibly embroidery or serger work this is the only machine I will ever need. I showed my mom this machine and she couldn't believe how much sewing machines have changed.

I wouldn't recommend this for beginners or even experienced tailors who have not fully embraced the digital world. It can be overwhelming. On the other hand, those who are comfortable with technology and desire the most fully featured machine will probably never let this out of their hands. I had fun with the letter stitching and started looking for things to monogram. I probably went too far monogramming a disposable dust mask.

In terms of usability, it is easier to wind a bobbin than the Brother machines, and threading the machine and needle is quite similar. The thread cutter button is very convenient and useful. The foot pedal is sturdier and has a better feel than the Brothers have. Overall, this Singer has a much nicer construction and feel than the Brother machines. Of course, it is also 3 to 4 times the price.

Two minor nits are 1. flimsy cover out of place on this high end machine and 2. pinkish/purplish color scheme not particularly suited for manly work area."
"i have an ancient bernina 835, which is one of the last metal-body machines they made before moving to computerized models.  unfortunately, it's showing its age, so i was thrilled to see this touch screen machine on amazon.

i was worried that a plastic body machine could not possibly sew heavy denim, but was pleased to see the weight more than made up for the lightweight body material.  i haven't tried every single stitch yet, but the little bit of embroidery on my jeans pocket turned out great."
"My original sewing machine was given to me during college from my mother with the very basic stitches.  Now, almost thirty years later, I find that sewing machine barbaric compared to this new one.  I haven't done anything other than a hem so far, and a few throw pillows due to time constraints, but it's a sewer's dream so far.  As others, I always wish they came with a hard covered shell like the old sewing machines did, but this is a lot of machine for the money.  As I get into more detailed construction, I will update, but so far, so good."
"I will start by saying that I am a novice sewer and wondered if such an advanced machine would be too much for me.  However, I LOVE this machine.  I find that because it is so advanced it is actual easier for me to use than the previous Brother machine that I had been using.  The touch screen is wonderful and really makes it easy to pick what stitch you would like to use because of the clear visuals.  I tried many stitches and each one looked clear.  As I continue to learn I am sure this machine will continue to be quite handy due to its many functions/features.  A few things I really have enjoyed--1) The built in handle at the top with the built-in threading area (no more having a spool just sit on the top) 2) The built-in storage with easy slide out for all of the accessories.  3) The thread cutter--such a simple but nice feature.

I do wish it came with a hard cover case like my Brother machine did (especially at this price point), but other than that I can find nothing to complain about."
"I have waiting my full time period before writing this review because I wanted to spend as much time as I could with this machine in order to write the most accurate review I could.  I gave it four stars, but actually feel it deserves 3 and half for now.  I like it a lot, but am having trouble justifying it's high price tag.  I have two other new sewing machines of much lesser price, and honestly, they work almost as good as this one, and in some cases even better.  I basically compared the Singer 9985 to my other machines, the Brother CS 6000i, and the Brother HC 1850.

What I like:
- I really like the powerful motor the Singer 9985 has.  It can power through many layers of material that would stall my other machines.
- It is super easy to thread.  However, I haven't been able to get the automatic needle threader to work, though I think it's probably me doing something wrong.  The instructions are not quite as clear as I would like concerning this.
- It's good to be able to see through the transparent plastic how much bobbin thread is left. It's very frustrating starting a seam  only to run out of bobbin thread.  But, my other two machines also have a clear, see-through bobbin compartment.
-  The computerized touch screen is very easy to use and somewhat intuitive, thought I thoroughly read the manual before starting to use this machine.
- After a few trial seam runs, the stitches were very smooth and even on both sides of the material.  I like my underside stitches to look just as good as my top stitches.  Only momentarily did I have a problem with thread tension, and it seemed to have resolved itself.
- Using the various sewing speeds is very easy.  I sometimes would sew slowly and gradually speed it up to see how well the machine sewed. It sewed very nicely at it's top speed.
- I used both the foot pedal and the button on the machine to sew.  I think I like using the button better.  Either way, it's pretty easy to control the machine.
- The automatic thread cutter is a nice added touch, but I could easily do without it.  I accidentally used it while the needle was down and it caused an awful racket.  I had to unplug it immediately and thought I had done something to ruin the machine.  But, it seemed o.k. and would still cut.  If you use this function, be SURE to have your needle raised before pressing the cut button.
- It's a heavy machine, heavier than my other two.  It stays solidly wherever I place it.
- It's very easy to change the presser feet.
- It has a very large selection of stitches and monograms.  I practiced A LOT using these functions and can honestly say that my other two much less expensive machines do a slightly better job of monograms.  But the Singer 9985 offers a LOT more selection and ease of use is much higher than on my other two machines.
- the upper thread spool is hidden by the cover door, but that doesn't really mean much.
- It's very easy to load thread onto bobbin spools.
- It comes with a lot more accessories than did my other two machines.  Lots of extra needles, presser feet and tools.
- The light is bright and makes it easy to see while sewing.
- Quiet motor.  It's not loud and I can easily listen to music or someone talking to me while sewing.
- I just like the overall look of this machine.  It has great curb appeal!

What I didn't like:
- the high price
- the thread came out of the needle several times for no apparent reason, causing me to have to stop and re-thread.
- It did not come with a quilting tray.
- It came with only a flimsy, white plastic bag cover.  I would think at this price you should get a hard cover as on my Brother CS 6000i.
-unable to easily use the automatic needle threader.
- I'm not super-thrilled about the quality of the button holes.  My other two machines seemed to do as good a job with button holes or even better.

Overall, I am very pleased with this machine.  I still need to use it more and I have several projects ranging from Barbie clothes to reusable sanitary napkins.  I will update this review as I gain more experience with it, but for now it seems to sew well with only a few annoyances (listed above).

UPDATE 3.6.14

I tried mightily to get this sewing machine to sew a stretch stitch on a tennis skirt to no avail.  I got the instruction book out and did just as it said when sewing on stretch fabric.  I needed to simply sew a stretch stitch underneath the elastic in the waist so that it would not twist but lay straight.  I tried several times and ended up ripping out what miserable stitches it did make.  At one point, the machine would not even sew the bottom stitch but only the top.  I finally put this machine on the floor and grabbed my cheap Brother sewing machine which did a fantastic job of sewing it the first time around.  I have since lowered the star level from a 4 to 3.  I just don't know why it wouldn't sew."
"excellent value and pricing for all your sewing needs from sewing crafting, quilting, monogramming.....ect  I would highly recommend this machine"
"I just received this machine as a birthday present from my husband and I love it.  I was in the process of making a baby quilt when my old machine stopped working and finished it with my new Quantum Stylist.  I machine quilted for the first time!  It worked great and was really easy using the walking foot that came with the machine.  This package is great!  There are so many ""extras"" that come with it, including several pressor feet, a cover, and an extended table.  The machine has more stitches than I'll ever use.  Plus it does lettering and it has a few decorative pictures.  The instruction manual is easy to read and understand. I would recommend this machine to anyone."
"I've had the machine over 1 year now and I absolutely think it is a very nice machine. The embroidery stitching is ok I was hoping it would have been a bit more versatile, but I haven't used the feature much, but other stitching is just terrific and very precise."
"This is the first machine that I've had that has taken some extra learning time.  I'm usually able to jump right in, not this time.  I'm hoping that once I master the programming I'll fall in love, because this truly is a beautiful machine.

The pinkish color is fine, doesn't make or break a sale for me, but adds a bit of fun to your sewing room, it is more of a mauve color than an actual pink.

This machine has the option to use the foot pedal or a button to sew, I personally prefer the foot pedal.  I LOVE the auto thread cutter, being able to cut both threads with the push of a button is a huge plus.

This machine comes with quite a few foot pedals, as well as a manual....you will definitely want to take the time to go through the manual, you'll probably want to keep it by your side for some time as well, until you learn the machine well.  It also comes with a cover which is nice.

The machine is quite heavy compared to my previous machines, but in that aspect it is also a heavier duty machine so you'll be able to sew thicker items without trouble.

I think this machine can be used for a beginner through a more experienced person, you just need to get down the basics, and have the patience to really learn the machine.

A bit spendy, but you get what you pay for!"
"I am satisfied with my result in the purchase of this gift to myself, liking, like, loving, love that I made this choice.  I am lost for any more words to say.  It does everything it promise and also got it at the right time at a very good price.  I already made back my investment regarding this purchase and will enjoy using this for a long time."
"For a beginner, moving from your starter machine to the ""Singer 9985 Quantum Stylist"" can feel a bit like going from a first car to a jet fighter.  So many buttons!  Yet one quickly realizes that Singer ""has your back.""  the machine turns out to be extremely user friendly.  Just to get comfortable, you can ignore all the gadgets and continue with beginner sewing.  Then, once you feel comfortable, you can start to get adventurous: fancy monogram? Easy as pie.  Cool designs like a row of bows or triangles?  No problem.  Get creative.  Stretch -- and stitch! -- your imagination!

In the end, one can tell that the designers of this machine really want it to be used.  No doubt advanced stitchers will just dive right in, but they don't want beginners to shy away with intimidation.  No they want you to sit down, get comfortable, and stitch your dreams...."
"This sewing machine sews beautifully right out of the box. The tension is perfect.
This sewing machine comes with 13 feet. One of them is a walking foot which is a great foot to have because it helps feed the fabric evenly and is great for quilting (which I do a lot of). One of the features of this sewing machine is the automatic thread cutter. I love that feature. Once you get used to a sewing machine with a thread cutter its hard to use one that doesnt have that feature. The (semi) automatic threader is easy to use and is a nice feature.
You can easily adjust the pressure of the presser foot with a dial on the side of the machine. I like the lid on top of the machine. The inside of the lid shows all of the stitches that come with the machine. You can quickly pick out which one you need. Also, when not in use, the lid covers the thread compartment for a nice, neat look."
"I choose this machine for the simple fact that I had a singer before and knew how they lasted.
I would recommend this machine to all of my friends and family and this web site to all my friend and family.
I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i received his 9960 Q singer from my husband, at the time of my total amature sewing skills, but surely made me inspired and find it very helpful in every way!"
"Combine the standard quality of Singer with plenty of tech and features and you get the Singer 9985 Quantum Stylist Touch 960-Stitch Sewing Machine.  For advanced users, the 9985 will let you continue to make masterpieces.  For beginner and intermediate users, you'll be taken to a new level.

The 9985 might be a bit much for a beginner to start with, as the features of this sewing machine better suit intermediate and advanced users.  The number of stitches available is outstanding and when combined with the speed of this machine, it's fantastic to use.  The LCD touch screen is a nice feature and its large so that you can easily view the options available to you.

The weight is on the hefty side compared to other sewing machines, but if you have the 9985 you'll likely have it on a dedicated table.  On the plus side, it's quiet and smooth.  Overall, the Quantum Stylist 9985 is top notch and it'll keep you working on projects way into the future."
"I received this sewing machine as a gift about 9 months ago. I have used it fairly extensively since then and have been very happy with how it sews - it's easy to use, the automatic tension adjustment works well, and the variety of stitches is good. It was a great machine for a moderate home sewer.

The problem came after I broke a needle. Somehow in that process, a piece of the plastic bobbin case snapped off. I didn't realize this for a while, so I kept sewing, and the bobbin case kept slipping out of place. Eventually, I could not get even a stitch in without it slipping. I looked up the Singer repair centers online and took the machine in.

The lady there looked at the bobbin case and said that it was broken. When I asked if this was a problem she saw often, she said that it frequently happened with the plastic bobbin cases when needles broke, and that I should expect to go through several cases in the lifetime of the machine. That was frustrating to hear, but she told me that part ran about $30, so I was willing to live with it. They didn't have the part in stock, so they ordered on and it came in about 3 weeks later. When I went to pick up the part, I was shocked to learn that the part was actually $90. I don't understand why it wasn't covered by the warrantee, since the machine was less than a year old, and I'm very frustrated to know that there's a good chance that I'll have to spend that much money every few months to keep the machine running. I have contacted Singer customer service about this, but they have yet to respond.

If you're in the market for a machine that you'll be using more than a few times a year, I would recommend trying to find one with a metal bobbin case, or at least look up the prices for replacement cases before you invest."
"Received as a Christmas gift used less than 12 days before the circuit board went out. Took it to be repaired was told could take up to four weeks due to parts coming in from overseas called Amazon. Amazon was awesome in replacing the machine but the machine itself is of poor quality and poorly constructed. Decorative stitches twists and turns the thread causing breakage, bobbin making horrible noises now. Anyone wanting to buy a sewing machine should stay away from Singer products. I grew up using Singer but will never purchase another."
I have used this machine for several months now and I LOVE it!  The only thing I'm disappointed in is one of my buttons seems to be giving out.  I have to keep pushing it and it will finally work.
"Im in love with this machine....  At first I was skeptical and im still not sure if this is a used machine or not as there was pieces of yellow thread in the accessory case as I opened it up and a  finger print or two on the screen.  If this is used I sure would hope to receive some money back, this machine does cost a shiny penny.  So im keeping my fingers crossed that its not a refurb and that it works smoothly.  It would really suck to pay so much for a used machine!  Sometimes the tension seems off.  I am gonna play with it some more and see if its operator error but...  so far so good..."
"Admittedly I am a completely new sewer. I own one other entry level machine which I had some success with in making simple stiches and even some clothing (shirts mainly). When I got the singer it was a little complex at first due to all the accessories and getting used to the touch screen. After accomplishing the learning curve I found it a complete joy to work with. It is very reliable and works great. I have no complaints about it. I just wish that this were my first machine rather than my entry level brother that I paid about $100 for. Yes, this is more expensive than that but it is totally worth it in my humble opinion. Great for the beginner (and I hope intermediate and advanced but I can't speak for that)."
"Love, love this machine. BUT  they should have added the different sizes Hem Feet. which I am going to have to order. The plastic stitch in the ditch foot is like a toy, it does work but not good. will be ordering a metal stitch in the ditch foot. over all great prce, great machine. I love the Roses you can make !!!"
I got this for Christmas 2013 from my husband.  I've been sewing for over 40 years and have never been so in love with a machine that is both versatile and easy to use.
"It was a big up grade from my 38yr. Old machine. It so far has worked beautifully, I hope to use it more as I have more time."
"Delivery was prompt and well packed.
Bought this for my wife. She is very happy with it. It does everything she wanted."
"I was enjoying using this machine, until the lower bobbin portion had broken. I was doing freehand quilting when a needle broke. From that moment onward, I was unable sew again. I have not been able to figure out what happened with the bobbin area, and I cannot see how from the needle breaking it was rendered unusable. With the way the machine works you are unable to control the lower bobbin tension so basically I was no longer able to use it again.

Now the major problem I had with this is customer service. I sent emails to both Singer customer service and the service center (which is located in Rochester NY, quite a distance from NYC where I live), and Customer Service took over a month to get back at me and I have yet to hear back from the service center. After 3 months of sporadic communications I told them I want this to be serviced under my warranty and was told (paraphrased) ""they are backed up, try another center. good luck""

For a 1 year warranty it seems like Singer is making it impossible for you to get your item serviced. I am lucky Amazon upon hearing this issue has issued a refund. I will be purchasing a new sewing machine but one thing is certain it will NOT be a Singer machine. Which is sad as this company once had a very good reputation. My great-grandfather even worked for singer. But i guess it is one of those companies who did not fare well with the changing of times."
This machine is awesome.  Don't hesitate to buy.  It is as good as they say it is.  I spent weeks researching and it paid off.
Just starting the learning curve quilting. This machine makes it easy to get into some nice special stitching which makes it look like I know more than I actually do!
I love my sewing machine. I am still learning all about the quantum 9960. This sewing machine has so many featuresand I am trying them all .
"I hadn't sewn for many years. I saw this on sale around Christmas time at a price I could not pass up. I've sewn a few small projects and am very happy with it. This machine has a solid feel to it and is loaded with features and accessories. I don't know what half of the sewing foots are used for so have some exploring to do. It's very quiet, smooth and handles many layers of fabric just fine. Stitch quality is good. I've played with the auto-tension and I think often the result of the stitch is a little better when the tension is increased just a tad over the automatic setting. I often test that on a sample before sewing.

The thread cutter and auto needle down are must-have features now that I've used them. I've read some comments on the poor usability of the instruction manual. On the contrary, I found it to be easy to follow and not lacking at all. The machine is a little intimidating for those who have not purchased an electronic machine before, but I just opened the manual and followed it from page 1. Within half an hour I was on my way to sewing.

The machine isn't perfect. A couple of things that don't work well are: 1) auto needle threader is hit and miss which is a real bummer, 2) a couple of the stitches seem to be not consistent/symmetrical. The latter is not a big deal as I probably will never use those. The included letter stitches were OK but nothing of monogram quality. It's fine for putting names on articles of clothing, bags, etc.

I've never had a Singer in the past and was a little leery with some of the online discussions about their quality. The other machines I was considering were the Brother PC420 and SE400. Both were going for more than this at the time of my purchase and for the overall value, I decided to go with the 9960. Again, I have no regrets so far (And as a guilty pleasure, I just purchase the Brother SE400 to dabble in embroidery). The overwhelming positive (5-star) reviews is a testimony to the quality and usability of this machine.

My prior machines were a Brother XL2021 (stopped working probably due to a bad foot pedal) and a Kenmore mechanical sewing machine which still works  although it has an annoying habit of bunching up thread now and then. The Singer 9960 will now be my primary machine for sewing. I only wish I had more time to use it."
SHE ASKED FOR IT FOR HRISTMAS BUT HAS NOT HAD TIME TO USE IT YET. lOOKS NICE AND HER OLD ONE WAS 25 YEARS OLD AND STILL WORKS.
Love my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist.  I now have 3 Singer machines and love sewing on all 3.  They have already  seen heavy duty sewing.
"I have been using a Viking for years and it always has problems with the tension. I was starting to worry that it was just me!

So far I have had this about a month and finished a quilt top and made some pot holders and repaired a sleeping bag and I have had no problems.

I am still learning how to operate the stitches and all of the other functions I haven't had before but it has been awesome!"
"I just love this machine, easy setup. This has tons of features, very quite, very easy to use the functions. You get alot of accessories that come with this. I love the expandable table that comes with it as well. You just get so much for your money. I would recommend this to others. Looking forward to doing alot with this machine. Thank you."
I like the many stitches available but have not yet been able to master it.  This is my first new machine since 1959 and I could use more detailed instructions.
"The machine has already stopped functioning. Sewing two layers of stretch cotton, went over area where two seams overlapped and machine stuttered, then froze up. Will not sew now. Will not shift needle shank when stitch is changed, will not raise/ lower needle. Contacted Singer on their website, no response after a week. Called their number, waited in line for over an hour, behind seventeen previous callers, to be told I need to pay to ship the machine to Louisville for repair, and it will take several months before the machine is returned to me. I would NOT PURCHASE THIS MACHINE again."
"I love this machine.
Very quiet, just wish the built-in letters could be made bigger
Very easy to use, many accessories"
"I love the ease in operating this machine! My good friend who sews beautifully, quilts, embroiders, etc gave me the thumbs up when I showed her this machine. It comes with so many extras you just can't lose. It's a very quiet machine and it pings if you are missing a step so it's hard to make a mistake.  Where else can you get a deal like this that INCLUDES a 25 year warranty.  Be sure to look up the tutorials on YouTube-- I found them very helpful. Oh, and if your stitches look ratted on the underside, it isn't threaded correctly."
"I would consider myself an advanced beginner when it comes to machine sewing.  I learned to sew many years ago in Home Ec. class (even the name of the class dates me!) but promptly forgot how for years, until teaching myself again a year or so ago on a Singer One machine.  Since then, I've sewed up all kinds of fairly basic projects, and loved it, so I was eager to get my hands on this more advanced machine, but scared, too!

Well, I didn't need to be!  The machine is extremely user-friendly.  The instruction booklet seems to have been written at a higher level of quality than others I have read.  The instructions for winding the bobbin were so clear that I successfully wound it on the first try, something I have never before done!  The regular treading instructions were equally clear.  Every time I thought I was having trouble, it was just a stupid oversight on my own side.  I sewed my first seam easily, after using the very easy to use touch screen to pick a basic stitch.

Then I got adventurous!  My other machine does have a way to monogram, but it's so complicated seeming I've never dug out the instruction book to try it.  With the touch screen, I simply picked the font I wanted, touched in the letters I wanted, put the fabric in sewing position---and WOW!  A snazzy monogram!  Emboldened, I tried some of the fancy things you could make, and made a row of bows, swans and hearts.  I could see this being absolutely wonderful for making baby clothes or toys.

The machine is a little---different looking.  It's purple, and it's set up so the thread when not in use can be closed away, giving it a sleek look.  There are a few features that are different than my One machine, not maybe better or worse, just different, like the fact that there is a needle up button.  There is also an automatic thread cutter, that you use with the pressure foot down.  I am so accustomed to raising the pressure foot when I finish a seam that this is going to take some getting used to, but you can also cut the thread with a build in manual cutter.  The automatic needle threader is a little bit less user-friendly than the one on my One machine, but it works fine!  I had no trouble at all with tension of the thread, which I did at first with other machines.

Overall, I just love this new machine!  It's modern, easy to use, sleek, fun---what more could I ask for?  Maybe the ability to make something really complicated?  But that's my own job to learn---the machine does everything else!"
"My sewing blog suggested this machine and after reviewing it,  bought it. Most definitely the right choice. SEW many feet to choose from. Going from a beginner machine to this was a leap, but I'm catching on quick.  I will be able to do so many more projects."
"I find this machine to be a dream! Easy to start to sew, with clear directions on setting up. Packed well for shipping & no problems on delivery. Has many features & options for the advanced seamtress. Love it!"
"OMG I love this sewing machine, it does everything! I don't even use the presser foot.  The Machine sews automatically, all I have to do is put the fabric under the feet and program what I want.  To stop all I have to do is push a button.  It is wonderful, I Love It!!!!!"
"There are a few flaws in the computer. At times it will change stitches while not sewing. I love the thread cutter option, but the manual cutter is not in the right angle or something, as it is hard to use."
"My first (and only til now) sewing machine is a Singer purchased in 1981 and still running.  So I was determined to go with Singer again.  I was nervous because of some of the reviews I had read.  But a closer inspection revealed those to be of an earlier model and changes have been made due to those issues.  THIS MACHINE HAS NOT DISAPPOINTED ME!!  In fact, I am thrilled.  It has so many options.  I have hemmed pants and they look professional.  I have sewn bias tape on without having to pin it in place first. It has a needle threader!  I can quilt perfectly straight lines with the attachable guide. I am going to learn how to free quilt because the feed dogs can be dropped.  I have sewn cute puppy designs on some baby items I am making.  I can make buttonholes with a single touch. I have only begun to see the capabilities of this machine.  And it is quiet. I have been using it almost constantly for two months with no issues.  I would recommend this machine to anyone who is going to be doing a lot of sewing and quilting.  You will not be disappointed.  A great investment!"
"Good heavens,,,,this machine is perfect!  It all but sews itself.!  I updraded to this machine from a basic one I had for years. I would get frustrated at times and the old machines feed dogs had a mind of their own! THis machine os sooooEasy toget used to with the electronic controls, very user friendly! Sewing is so FUN now, I actually giggle when i sew now. The option of hand or pedal control is great! I have yet to use the pedal ..... When I sew a curved piece, the feed dogs are so ""smart"" they all but rotate the piece as I sew. This machine makes me look like a professional sewer! My stitches are perfect....It does not get any better than this.....I am contemplating buying another one just because I know this model has been discontinued! Hurry and buy yours before they are all gone! You will NOT be disappointed! This machine is my sugarbaby!  P.S. I have NEVER had my thread to break on this machine ...(knock knock)...."
"My old machine died in the middle of a major drapery project and I had to replace it quickly.  After searching on the Internet, frantically reading blogs on various machines, I chose this machine and have been very happy with it.  Is there anything it can't do????  I like the removable table and the handy ruler that is  along its edge.  The included cover was a real bonus.  The only thing that doesn't work right is the auto needle threader, but I don't need it - I can thread the needle so I don't bother with it."
"THANK FOR YOU HELP AND ASSISTANCE

WE LOVE THE MACHINE ......WHAT A DIFFERENCE FROM YEARS AGO. SO MANY NEW AND EASY WAYS TO ASSIST AND MOTHER AND FAMILY"
"My first sewing machine was a Singer Simple.  It was difficult to thread, cheap, and was somewhat difficult to use.  After a year, I replaced it with a mid-level Brother, which was light years ahead of the Singer Simple.  When I had the opportunity to review this mid-level machine, I jumped on it!

The Singer 9985 Quantum is a great mid-level machine, IMHO.  It is larger and heavier than the entry-level Brother and Singer machines, which is good if you don't need portability and need to sew heavy weight fabrics, curtains, upholstery, etc.  As noted by other reviewers, it comes with a vinyl dust cover, but not a hard case, which would have been nice.  The machine comes with more feet and accessories than most people will ever use!  It comes with four bobbins, six needles, a seam ripper, and other accessories including the Overcasting Foot, Blind Hem Foot, Zipper Foot, Rolled Hem Foot, Button Sewing Tool, Satin Foot, Quilting Bar, Open Toe Foot, Cording Foot, Straight Stitch Foot, Darning Embroidery Foot, Even-Feed Foot, Buttonhole Foot, and of course, a General Purpose Foot.

Instead of the main spool being located vertically on top of the machine, it is neatly tucked away with the bobbin winder under the top cover.  This makes for a cleaner appearance, but it does make changing spools and threading bobbins slightly harder, as you're working in a compartment.

The machine's most obvious feature is the lighted touch screen, which is simple to use.  It has a Home Screen, and Help sections which are very helpful in learning how to thread the machine, wind the bobbin, and install the bobbin.  Navigation through the help menus is accomplished by pressing on up and down touch screen arrows.  I often found that I had to press the 'next' or down arrow twice to move to the next screen, which is annoying, but once you learn the machine, you won't be using this feature much, if at all.

Previous reviewers have complained about the tension being off, but in the machine I received it was perfect out of the box, with no adjustments necessary.  I sewed some t-shirt material, and repaired a lacy formal evening dress with no problems.

The machine has a large round button labeled the START/STOP button.  When this button is Red, the machine is unable to sew or wind the bobbin.  When the button is Green, it is ready to go!  My first difficulty was in trying to wind the bobbin using only the touch screen help menu...until I read the manual, I was unable to wind the bobbin, as the red light was on due to the bobbin spool being in the left, rather than right position.  It is very important to have the thread tension set with no slack prior to starting to wind the bobbin.  I ended up with three failed attempts, but now have it down.  My chief complaints for this and other Singer machines are the complicated threading paths for the bobbin threading and main spool threading, but once you do it a few times, you'll get used to it.

The machine has a foot pedal, but honestly, do you really need one anymore?  The Start/Stop button and speed control negate the need for the foot pedal, IMHO.  Installing a different foot is more difficult than with other machines that I've used, as it has to be aligned very precisely.  But once aligned precisely, no extra pressure is needed for the foot to snap into place.  My favorite features of the machine include the built-in thread cutter, automatic needle threader, and needle up/down button.  Ending a run is simple...just press the START/STOP button, hit the thread cutter button, then the needle up/down button!  For me, this machine sewed flawlessly out of the box, with no adjustments needed.  The machine can sew very quickly, very quietly, with little vibration, and no issues.

The manual does take some getting used to; every even page is in English; the opposite odd pages are in both French and Spanish.  All of the included accessories, except for the pedal, case, and power cord fit nicely in the removable extension table.  All-in-all, a solid performer!  I still prefer the simplicity of the newer Brother machines, but since this one is much more powerful and capable, I may just keep this one and sell the Brother.  The Singer 9985 Quantum Stylist Touch should be seriously considered for someone who sews a lot, but not a professional level.  Highly recommended, if the price is not too high for you.

2/18/2014:  Post script.  After hemming some satin curtains, I'm a bit dissapointed with the machine.  Using a straight stitch, either the feed tension or the thread tension was off, and on the front side of the curtain, I ended up with 'looped' threads about every six to twelve inches.  I was very careful to let the machine feed the fabric, and to ensure that the weight of the fabric was not hindering the feeding."
"I replaced an older top-of-the-line Bernina with this machine, and so far I'm very pleased with it. It sews through layers of denim with no problem, tension has always been spot-on, decorative stitches sew out nicely, free-motion quilting is great...so far everything has surpassed my expectations. Very nice machine at a good price, and it comes with lots of extra feet. :-)"
"I had a great machine ( Kenmore) that has worked great for over 40 years ( a gift from my mom which I gifted back to her after I purchased this one). But it was a basic straight and zigzag  all metal workhorse. I purchased this one because I was interested in the 600 decorative stitches it offers as I do Art quilting.  It had high ratings.  I have had minor troubles with this one.  Difficulty with the snap on feet.  I have to work at them to get them to snap on right.  Some tension problems that I did work out.  Some problem 's with the bobbin winding ( really hard to thread the bobbin and get it to stay before you actually start winding) and the threader works only 25% of the time.  I am concerned with the bobbin clear plastic lid as it looks flimsy. I have had a lot more needle breakage because of a foot not fitting right. The straight stich foot the needle hits the edge of the foot.  I have only had the machine for a short while. I have already tried reaching Singer by phone three times and was placed on hold for over 30 min each time and was unable to hold.  I was having real trouble with the satin stitch foot which is needed for the 600 decorative stiches! I emailed them and have yet  to get a response.  That is the main reason I have given this machine 2 stars.  For regular sewing it is an ok machine so far, but for that I would of kept my old workhorse.  I miss it."
Love this machine.  Love the needle threader.  Have not experimented yet with the special features so cannot comment.  Very easy to use
"Upon receiving the machine I went through the manual page by page. Everything I didn't understand I found on you tube.

For the automatic needle threaded- it is tricky and it took many many tries for it to work. I even thought it was broken. The trick is to make sure the little hooks that go around the needle are all the way over, hold the thread so loses about 3 inches angled upward after it passes through the little hooks- and then the lever should be quick released- just move your finger off of it so it springs up- a slow controlled lift won't do it.

I bought a Craftsy class called ""stupendous stitching"".-- truly amazing. The first thing they have you do is a sample of each stitch- I used cotton and a thick interfacing and made a booklet. I tried all the different sizes and configurations and marked each with its number and any notes. In sharpie on my fabric above the stitch.

And as I went through each stitch when I was done for that session I unthreaded the machine so I could do it over and over and get some muscle memory.

I had an issue with bobbin thread bunching up but that was simply from not threading it correctly.

Overall a great value and a versatile machine. I'm in love with this purchase."
"I am a beginner quilter.  I was about to throw in the towel on sewing until I realized that I wasn't the problem, it was my machine.  After hours of researching on-line for a machine that a beginner can certainly use to learn, but also grow with as they gain experience, the Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 was the machine I chose....I LOVE it!  I can sew straight!  In the past several weeks I have made 2 baby blankets, a quilted throw, 2 quilted table runners...and pants!  Who knew I had it in me.  The automatic tension adjustment is absolutely the best.  I also use half as much thread with the automatic thread cutter.  I am in love with the back stitch to reinforce my start and stop points.  The LED screen is bright and although can be confusing, there are YouTube tutorials out there on how to use this machine from start to finish.  I never had to open the manual.  I watched the tutorial to visually see how to wind the bobbin, thread the machine, and even changing the walking foot and stitch width, length.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!  I can see myself using this machine for a long time to come.  Thanks Singer!"
"I've had the machine aprox. a month and I sew/quilt everyday. I am used to Vikings, but you can't compare them! But I really like this machine, it has quilted very well and is quiet. The only problem I have had is sometimes in the tension, so I have rethreaded the machine over again and it works. I think the thread catches up in the threading part, but you can't get to it. I wish they still had the door to that area be able to open like years ago, as there is no way to untangle it if it gets caught. There still is not enough room for rolling up the quilts when quilting and its very easy to hit the buttons for the stitches and before you know it, your stitching in the wrong stitch, they should have been located further to the right, out of the way. But it is a good machine and stitches very nice and has lots of designs to pick from also."
Wow!  I was at first very leery about purchasing such a high tech machine and the price was high as well.  I am thankful I took the chance because I quickly read through the owner's manual making it easy to start up.  I read several posts about how difficult the automatic threader was to use but I was able to use it without a problem the first time.  I absolutely love the thread cutter as well.  So far I have created a prom dress mock up for a fitting on a custom dress and it absolutely sews like a dream.  The speed switch is helpful in controlling the stitches.  I can't wait to try everything else on my new machine!
"**update 8/9/14  having had this a while, I just keep loving it more. The buttonhole feature actually WORKS!! It works awesome, and is super easy. I've also experimented with a number of decorative stitches and have been very happy with the ones I've tried. This is a great machine.

Perhaps my favorite thing about this machine is it's heft. It feels solid, and does not shake the table. I haven't tried all the feet yet, but I'm in love with the rolled hem foot. Another great thing about this machine is it's bobbin winder. This lets you wind a full bobbin. A lot of other machines only allow for about 1/2 the bobbin to fill.

The con on this machine is it's complexity. My previous machine I turned the machine on and it had the standard straight stitch ready to go. Perhaps when I play with this a little It will be easier, but I'm still a bit overwhelmed by all the choices and variations of the stitches.

Overall, I think I will be very happy with this machine. i love the ability to close the top (which covers the thread) when I'm not working. It also has a sturdy handle which is useful in my very crowded sewing room (which now has a total of 5 sewing machines). I highly recommend this machine."
"Love all of the ""extras"" that come with the machine but they aren't worth much if the machine doesn't work correctly.  If you only need to sew straight stiches it works great.  I tried using the fancy stiches and it my blanket got jammed in the machine.  It doesn't like sewing over even the smallest of seems.  It shreds the thread and breaks it for no apparent reason.  I have tried everything to fix the broken thread problem with luck.  I bought this machine to free motion quilt, but the thread breaks every two minutes and I have to rethread and it is just not worth the frustration.  I would have preferred to pay a little more for less features that actually work.  Disappointed."
"My mother in law was quilting by hand since her previous sewing machine did not do a great job. We purchased this sewing machine for her as a Christmas gift as a family. She absolutely loves it! Some of the features that are great for her are the self threading needle. It is hard for her to thread a needle these days so that feature is one she really loves. She also likes to hem pants and jeans with this machine since it does not break needles like her previous machine. She falls in love with it more and more with every project. We were worried about it being too computerized for her, but she picked it up quickly and loves the fact there are so many choices.  If you or someone you know loves to sew, this machine will be great for them."
"Researched sewing machines and this one had good ratings.  I liked the features,  especially the different attachments, cover and extras I saw online.  Large number of decorative stitches including letters.  And features that allow me to do quilting with it. I couldn't find it in the stores so I bought it sight unseen $329.00. When it arrived, I opened the box, read through some of the steps and I was sewing.  Very pleased so far. User friendly and my 4 and 6 year old grandkids liked sewing the dog, house, snowflake stitches.  They just pick a stitch and push start/ stop button and the button to cut thread.  Do not remove the foam from inside the cover (my husband did & had to glue it back) as it protects the machine when you move it.  I haven't made a quilt with it yet, but looking forward to it.  Good weight, light enough to pick up but solid enough to stay put.  Only wish is that I could enlarge some of the stitches a bit more, but a minor thing"
lots of features that I am looking forward to learning how to use....there are so many projects...so little time!  Would highly recommend!
"(My wife's review). My  first impression upon seeing this sewing machine was: Wow! This is a beautiful looking sewing machine and I love the color and style. It really captured my attention and it is persuading me to work harder to become much better at sewing. My husband got me started in sewing by purchasing a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-14J250-Stylist-II-Serger-Overlock-Machine-with-2-3-4-Thread-Capability-and-Differential-Feed/dp/B0085IP2AC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 14J250 Stylist II Serger Overlock Machine with 2-3-4 Thread Capability and Differential Feed</a>&nbsp;several months ago.  He didn't even know what a serger sewing machine was. He just remembered that his mother always used a Singer sewing machine dating back to well before 1940. Then when he learned I needed a regular sewing machine in addition, he bought the Brother SE400 combination sewing and embroidery machine for me.  He is giving the Brother SE400 sewing machine to his youngest daughter now that I have this Singer 9985 sewing machine.  So it will be easier for me to focus on just Singer's sewing machine product line by owning only the Singer Serger and this Singer 9985.  Ironically his daughter has been such a strong Singer fan for years and now she will have only Brother sewing machines and I'll only have Singer sewing machines. I was really surprised when I picked it up to put it on my sewing table. This Singer sewing machine is a lot heavier than the Brother sewing machines.

When I wound the bobbin I used both the printed manual and the built-in sewing guide. At first it was a little confusing but I managed it. I was not quite as lucky threading the needle. It took several trials before I understand what was going on.  But maybe it was because I was not familiar with such a complicated sewing machine like this. I never encountered such a high tech sewing machine until I arrived here in the USA in 2013.  I like to challenge myself to learn everything I can. Anyway, I got everything set up winding the bobbin and threading the needle. It was time to sew.

I truly love the way they designed the Singer 9985. There is a  very nice storage area for tools and other materials. On the top cover of the sewing machine there is the pattern chart along with the bobbin and threading guides. There are 960 advanced stitching pattern - more than I could ever have imagined. I don't think I'll ever test all of them, but I still like the idea they are available to handle every imaginable stitch. I think they count each alphanumeric character as a stitch, so keep that in mind. What makes me so amazed is the large backlit touch screen with the built-in sewing guide for the manual, but built into the sewing machine. In choosing stitches, there is a corresponding presser foot. The built-in guide not only guided me in threading, but also which presser foot to use.  Then it is just a matter of which stitches to select.

 It's really cool - especially for relative beginners like me. I used several different stitches applying different tension and it works wonderfully - especially when I did the back stitches. It's so amazing.  I feel so fortunate to have such a capable sewing machine on which to learn to sew.  Normally I think most people probably learn to sew using less expensive sewing machines and gradually upgrade along the way.  And each sewing machine is different and you have to learn all over again.  This one will last for decades and still be able to do just about everything imaginable.  If you can afford it, I strongly recommending buying this sewing machine from the beginning.  You'll be so glad you did.  Of course, you really need to be certain you'll use it enough to justify the cost."
"The machine was easy to thread and use. Love the computerized Sewing Machine with Extension Table, Bonus Accessories and Hard Cover!!"
"I have had a checkered history with Singer sewing machines.  I have a serger that I love and have had two sewing machines (including a heavy duty machine) that never worked from the first moment.  I approached the Quantum Stylist with some trepidation because of the last two machines.

My worries turned out to be for naught.  This machine is powerful, quiet, and has tons of functions, presser feet, and stitches.  I was able to sew on a variety of fabrics using the auto tension (though for a thin fabric, I had to modify it a bit.)  Most of the stitches turn out to be related to the variety of fonts (which work quite well) and for the other stitches, a number more count mirror stitches and elongated stitches as a separate stitch.  Even discounting that, there are a lot of stitches to have fun with.  I will be making a number of napkins with a variety of edge stitches and decorative top stitching.

Things I don't like:  1) I wish that at this price point, Singer had included a hard cover.  It is nice that there is a soft one and it is a fairly sturdy vinyl; 2) the presser feet are a little difficult to align and need a little extra oomph to get set it; and 3) the auto threader is not the easiest to deal with.

Things I do like:  Tons!  The auto thread cutter is fantastic.  I don't currently have this on any of my machines and I am really liking it.  It's also nice that they included the manual thread cutter for heavier threads.  Lots of presser feet and love that the LCD screen tells you which one to use with every stitch (each foot is letter coded.)  The bobbin function is really nice.  It is very similar to those I have on my Brother machines.  Needle Up/Down and push button stitching are almost requirements for me at this stage and the Quantum has both.  I like that the throat of the machine is large and that it is really well lit.  The LCD is stated to be in color - which is really stretching it - it is color matched to the machine rather than color coded for some particular use.  The machine has a good speed for stitching - which I found really useful when doing decorative top stitching.  Slow speeds could really eat up some time.  The manual takes a little getting used to but it is extremely helpful.  You should keep it at your side for reference until you are completely comfortable with the sewing machine.  The feed dogs are easily dropped for free-motion stitching - a big plus - and it is a seven point system so it moves the fabric through very nicely when the feed dogs are engaged.

All in all, this may become my go to machine.  Finally, a quality product that lives up to Singer's reputation.  I recommend it as a very good machine which can be used for years to come."
"One seam and you know you have a durable, sturdy machine. One thorough read through the entire informative manual will give you all you need to start. One look at the easy to read LCD screen and youll feel confident that you have direction.  As you scroll through the 600  different stitches it clearly displays which foot to attach. I wouldnt recommend relying on the LCD screen to learn your machine. It is more of a reminder, quick reference tool for after you know your machine. It also will flash what the problem is if something goes wrong so you can fix it immediately.

I am new to the drop down spool feature but it was easy to figure out. An auto thread lock on some stitches automatically reinforces the beginning and end of your seams. The foot is pressure sensitive, so the machine doesnt eat your fabric like lighter machines do. Although a bit heavy, it is quite portable because of its carrying handle. I tried it on various fabric weights and was successful with silk, cotton, knits and heavy denim. You have a choice of using a foot pedal or push button to start and stop it.

The Quantum Stylist Touch is for beginner through professional use. It will take me a long time to master its features, but after spending two days with it I am thoroughly impressed. The only feature I had difficulty with is the automatic threader, but Im sure the problem is at my end.

This is a versatile machine that I look forward to using in the years to come. Singer provides a phone number if you get in trouble. Experts will talk you through any problem. Highly recommended."
"My wife should be writing this review.  She loves it, and has had several  sewing machines over the years including including one high priced Huskvarna and some lower priced Singers.  This is by far the best with no comp.lants to date."
"I have been sewing for many years (63) and this machine has so many nice features that are excellent for a person who sews--threads the machine, cuts the thread at the end of sewing and the LED screen that tells you what foot to us for special stitches.
The ease with using all the special built in stitches is also a plus for me.  I have been using it almost every day since it arrived, if only to try out all the decorative stitches."
"I just got this machine 4 days ago. After looking at reviews of this model and a few others on every site i could find. This one got the best marks out of the other 2 i was considering. The few reviews i read about the machine jamming worried me, but then i realized that all machines get jammed either by user or by a thread breaking.
I have been working on a quilt i started when i was around 14 i am now 32 I i have jammed it a few times due to user error. stitching is good its not out of timing yet like some reviews said. i have played with decorative stitches turned out nice. I used the cruise control so all i had to do was guide the fabric . I did the zig zag stitch a close one for satin stitching on one block for the quilt it did good look nice. I did jam the machine twice once i turned a corner and it pushed the stitching into the plate probably my fault I am planning on making my dog a quilt and going to write name on it. So ill let you know how that goes.
all in all i like this machine. I have two others a Nekki and a new homes. The 9960 works almost like the Nekki it has a few of the same stitches my nekki has just easier to use them on the singer. as i use the singer 9960 ill update this review I recommend this machine it good and so is the price. The needle threader on the machine well been trying to make it work on and off for last few months couldn't t get it just found out how  to make it work don't put it under the guide just put it in hook pin guess that's what they call it and it will thread"
"Had a singer for a very long time, having this model is unbelievable, the generosity with which extra parts were given, the very incredible value for the Rolls-Royce of the today's sewing machines."
"I was ecstatic wit my sewing machine, very pleased, I've been sewing every single day. It came exactly the date as promised."
"I really love this sewing machine; it has range, good design and the heft to tackle just about anything. I do mean heft...when you pick it up you realize this is a substantial machine. If you have ever attempted to sew multi-layers of denim on an all plastic machine you know why this is a plus.

So far I have tackles knits, button holes,piecing and quilting  and cording. The performance has been flawless. This machine is quiet, has a great light and a ton of built in help for foot selection.

Be aware that a majority of the ""960"" stitches are alphabet letters. I had downloaded the manual before I got the machine so I could read it and familiarize myself with the machine. While the manual (on line and in hard copy) is comprehensive, it is also a bit spare. I think Singer could do more with it. I'd prefer an instructional DVD to the website's exhortation to check out the UTube video instruction. I also would have preferred the online manual in single language format. I'd think that would be easy to do.

These are minor quibbles which I do not hold against this machine. It does everything I need it to do without bumping up against a lightweight machine's limitations. I am looking forward to many years of happy use with this product."
"I bought a Singer Professional & loved it for about a week until the bobbin thread continued to get messed up.  I finally packed it up & returned it.  While researching machines, I found this one......it works great!  I liked the way the special stitches have turned out.  They look really nice.  The machine runs well...quiet...no problem going over thick seams....so glad I gave singer one more try!  I remembered playing on the foot treadle of my grandma's old Singer as a kid, so I decided to try one more...so so worth it."
"Initially I really liked this sewing machine because of all the features - it has all of the bells and whistles. Then after only using it about half a dozen times, the F4 button, which adjusts the stitch length, stopped functioning. After sitting on hold for about 45 minutes with Singer Customer service, and talking with a very terse customer service representative, I sent the machine in for repairs, and received it back today. I turned on the machine, tested the F4 button and it worked - once. Then it immediately stopped working again. Unfortunately for me, it is past the date I can return the machine. I have always used Kenmore sewing machines in the past, and never had any real problems. I ""indulged"" myself with this machine, because I thought it was a great deal with all of the added features - but it turned out to be no deal at all. Well, I don't know what resolution, if any I will get with this machine, but I am done with Singer - their customer service is mediocre at best. I am sticking with Janome sewing machines from here on out. I may not be able to afford the top-of-the-line models with all of the added features, but I would rather have a reliable machine without all of the added bells and whistles, then a machine that is all show and no substance."
I am well pleased with my new Singer 9960 sewing machine.  It sews everything I want to sew and does an excellent job.  I am still learning to use it and there are several things on my list to learn how to do.  At least I mastered  basic sewing the same day it arrived  and finished my Christmas projects in record time.
"When it comes to sewing, I am a permanent newbie! This is my third machine and until now I couldn't figure out the buttonhole attachment (this machine had much clearer directions than any I'd seen before).

My prior machines were both Brother brand.  The first was on the low end of machines -- the kind that cost under $100.  The second was a step or two up - including features like an lcd display.

Now with this machine it's the first time I am trying a Singer brand.  Feature wise it is close to my last Brother machine (Brother HC1850).

The first thing you'll notice about this machine is that it is fairly heavy.  Amazon lists the last Brother machine I owned at about 10 lbs.  while this machine is listed at 20.

It comes with the now mandatory ""accessory pack"" which is primarily made up of different feet and things that are not exactly optional accessories like the power cord.

I've never bothered to learn why the different feet are necessary (beyond the obvious ones like the buttonhole maker).  Nor have I learned to identify them.  Luckily, they are either marked or explained in the instruction booklet.  The on screen display tells you which one you need for each stitch.  Also included are some starter needles, a screwdriver, a couple of bobbins, a dust cover, etc.

While the feet are the typical snap on types, I did find them a little trickier to snap into place than with my prior machines.  It's still pretty easy to attach them, they just feel like they need a little more pressure than my Brother machines required.

The touch screen display is colored (only in that it matches the color of the machine).  Probably wasn't necessary to do that but it looks nice anyway.

There is an automatic threader however I find it easier to just thread the machine myself.  The one button thread cutter is quite handy though.  Press a button and both the top and bottom threads are cut for you.

I've seen some say that the tension is off.  So far I have not had this issue.  I just use the auto tension and it's been perfect even as I switched stitches and fabrics.  You can adjust it manually and it seems easy to do, I just haven't had to.

As is becoming the norm, this machine offers you the ability to sew using either a foot pedal or a button on the machine.  I prefer the button on the machine but either are easy to use.

There is a nice set of stitches, including decorative and multiple alphabets.

The on screen display is good at showing you what is going on.  Winding the bobbin?  A bobbin appears on the screen.  Forget to lower the presser feet?  There's an icon for that too.  Need to rethread the upper thread?  A spool icon  pops up showing the steps to rethread (the steps are also numbered on the machine for threading the machine or winding a bobbin).

Of the three machines I've owned, I like this one the best.  The work space feels just right, the tension has been perfect, the directions are simple, the number of stitches and the ease of adjusting them should be fine for most people.

If you want a machine that you can move around a lot, this probably isn't the machine for you -- as I said it's fairly heavy.  If you want a nice sturdy home machine with plenty of features, you probably cannot go wrong with this one.

*UPDATE*  February 2015 - While I still love the machine while using it, I don't like it so much when you have an issue requiring you to open the plate.  I finally had a piece of fabric get all caught up with the threads, no biggie, it happens. Open it up, clean it out.  No worried.  Except,  I tried. Tried.  Tried some more.  Caught my finger on the needle, oops my fault.  Went to take the needle out to try some more.  By then my hands were done for so I dropped the needle into the machine.  Facing the fact that I cannot possibly open this myself, I waited for the hubby to get home.  He tried and tried and tried.  First issue is even the screwdriver they provide doesn't fit in the area you have to work with.  We're actually going to have to go searching the hardware section to hopefully find something that can open it.  Second off the screws are really really tight.  We'll see if I get this open.  If not, I'm going back to my old one that's in storage, at least it opens easily."
"I am a quilter and my machine was not up to the tasks I wanted to do so I decided to treat myself to a new machine.  I am a Singer person and originally ordered the GC590 which I had to return and the second one was skipping stitches so I had to return it also.  Now, I am so glad that I was shipped faulty machines.  I almost went with a Brother for my third replacement but decided to try Singer once more.  OH, am I glad I did.  The Singer 9960 is sweet.  It is smooth, quiet; absolutely sews like a dream.  Today I tried it out on some appliqu I have been putting off doing.  With this machine I will no longer have to put off the dreaded appliqu.  I found 10 videos on you tube and watched them.  They get you started enough so that if you are an experienced sewer you are ready to try anything with it.  The 9960 came with every foot you could possibly want plus it comes with a readymade extension table.  If you take the time to price the extras this machine comes with you could not buy a cheap machine and come out ahead by the time you purchased the extra feet that you need; not to mention ordering an extension table."
"This machine comes out of the box ready to use. I will not list list all the options of this machine here, the Amazon page is quite detailed. I like that you lift the top lid and inside is the bobbin winder, thread holder and stitch chart. There is storage area enough in the arm to store all thirteen included feet, bobbins, brush, screwdriver, etc; as I have multiple machine this feature keeps me organized.  Threading this machine is foolproof to engage at each step (no do- overs), however the self threading takes some practice.  Winding bobbins are a breeze with drop in placement, and the thread does not need to be exposed to sew. The automatic cutter does not cut the thread so short that you need to re-thread, I love this feature.  This machine is quiet and smooth when running, and everything is a touch away.

I did have a slight issue adjusting the tension, but there are plenty of helpful hints in the instructions booklet. After I got the tension to my liking I sewed on some scrap fabric and the stitches came out perfect.  What a selections of stitches! I don't think I will ever use them all but it is nice to have choices, without having to go on-line.. Also many of the stitches can be customized by lengthening, widening, mirror image and tension.  This machine also tacks! Another feature I love to make my work secure and neater.  It has a foot to sew on buttons, not just buttonholes.  Changing feet is very easy,  but the bigger feet do have individual instructions in the booklet.  I did program a few words for pillow cases I make for Conkerr Cancer, and it was easy with a nice selection of fonts.

Thank you Singer!  I jammed this machine really good (my fault not the machine) and had to take the plate off.  Thank for the key to unscrew the plate instead of a small screwdriver that is too tall to fit/work under the body of the machine. I will use this precious tool for all my machine...it's frustration free.  :)

My first impression is that this machine is a sewers dream come true. My second impression is that it is. LOVE this machine.
4-12-14...I went to sew a shirt and had loopy stitches. I had bought singer bobbins to try and eliminate tension issues.  You need to thread this machine just like the instructions. I had the thread coming out the wrong side from the spool. When I fixed this the loopy stitches were corrected."
"Purchased the product for a XMas gift for my wife.  Arrived quickly and on time for XMas, well packaged without any issues.  The machine has been used moderately since purchased and have seen no issues.  Love the machine for sure at this point.  Highly recommend....."
"I love sewing with this machine and it does live up to its amount of stitches. However, I did not use the lettering that is built into the machine and now it is too late to get an exchange from Amazon. I am going to have to send it in to be worked on which is a hassle. My advice to anyone purchasing this machine to try out all 600 (which is exaggerated because the count is the expanding and reversing into the count of 600. It does have more stitches on the machine that any I have seen yet. Sews great. Nice and quiet."
What can I say? My first Cadillac sewing machine. The reviews from other reviewers help me make up my mind. I'm so happy I did. I love it. There are so many great features.
"I bought this machine for myself at Christmas. I had a Brother sewing machine which I was very pleased with, but I wanted more stitches. My mother told me she had three Singers that she hated. Wow, I thought I had made a BIG mistake. I had to wait a week before I could really sit down and play with it. I was so glad I had bought this machine. I sewed a denim jacket which had four layers of denim at the collar. It sewed through all layers without hesitation. I love the feature that cuts the thread for you. Changing stitches was a bit tricky, but I just place the book next to me and when I want to do something I follow the steps. I look forward to using all of the features. I'm very happy with this machine.

MARCH 11, 2014 UPDATE!
I have to update my review because I have found an ""Achilles Heel"" so to speak at least in my machine. I attempted to make a buttonhole and the lever would not stay engaged AND the machine would not do what the book said it would in order to make a buttonhole. I was disappointed because it was a new machine, but an even bigger disappointment was when I called Singer. Unless you have a lot of time you will not speak to anyone at the manufacturer and sending an email will get you a pre-written email response. I did find a warranty center near by and took the machine there. The man told me I could be waiting 8-10 weeks because that's how long it takes Singer to get the parts sent out. Maybe it's the weather, I don't know. I just know this was a bump in the road with this machine. I do have my mother's 50 year old Kenmore sewing machine and I'm working off of it for now."
"My favorite feature is the thread cutter. I've made a pillow case for my son and I didn't have any problems with it at all.
I am really happy with it. It came with a lot of presser feet. I tried Adjustable Bias Binder Foot and Buttonhole Foot. Those are awesome!!! Can't beat the price $329 for the Singer sewing machine AND bonus accessories. It is SO worth it."
"I would recommend this machine to everyone who enjoys sewing
This machine runs quiet and all the 600 stiches are nice to have.  I wish the alphabet letters could be made larger because they are very small!!  The price is GREAT for what it does."
"I have always wanted a fancy sewing machine. I had a sewing business for 25 years and just had a practical hard working one, I did not want to put a lot of money into the machine. I told myself one day I was going to get a machine that was going to have all the bells and whistle and this one does and I love it! I love finding out what all it can do!"
I am getting a more professional finished garment. It is a heavy solid sewing machine compared to my other machine.  I absolutely love it!
very functional..came with everything as advertised..we are happy and satisfied with this purchase and recommend..good value for money..smart and elegant looks
"This machine has proven itself to be all I needed and expected. I like how easy it is to change the width and lenght of the stitches. Now, I just need to figure out how to go in reverse at more than a snail's speed."
I JUST BOUGHT THIS FOR CHRISTMAS. IT IS SO COOL WITH THE FEATURES. i LOVE THE AUTO CUT SCISSIOR AND THE NEAEDLE THREADER. iT SEWS LIKE A DREAM THROUGH THICK MATERIAL. MY OLD MACHINE WOULD HAVE BROKEN NEEDLES. i CANT WAIT TO TRY THE REST OF THE FEATURES. i COMES WITH A TON OF SPECIAL FEET AND IT TAKES 2 SECONDS TO CHANGE IT.
"The only problem that I have encountered so far on this machine is the fact that when you use the thread cutter, the machine comes unthreaded at least 8 out of 10 times.  Quite irritating."
Beautiful.  Fun to use.  Lots of functions.  Looking forward to my first big project.  Looks like professional result even though I just started using it...
"My old sewing machine (a Singer and still working great after 46 years) had only a single straight stitch.  Therefore, when I started quilting, I decided that I needed a few bells and whistles and this machine seemed to fit the bill.  I haven't been disappointed.  The number of attachments included was nothing short of amazing and I am looking forward to learning how to use all of them. Unfortunately, the machine arrived the day my holiday company arrived, so I haven't had a lot of time to experiment.  But I completed three small projects last weekend and was impressed with how quietly and smoothly the machine sewed.  Setting up the machine is easy, and I absolutely love the up/down needle, the push button backstitch, the built in needle threader and the automatic thread cutter.  The feet are simple to install, too!  My only complaint (so far - as I've barely scratched the surface!), is that the directions that came with the machine are not very clear. I was constantly digging through the book to find basic answers.  In fact, some I never found - like whether or not a certain type of needle should be used or what size bobbin was required.  But I was able to find a series of tutorials for this specific machine on You Tube and they have been extremely helpful.  The tutorials are by a private person, not Singer.

So, overall, I am very pleased with my purchase and suspect I've gotten a wonderful bargain!"
"This machine has so many features and is so easy to use.  My machine came with numerous attachments, dust cover and extension stand.  The computer screen in bright and easy to read and understand.  Needle threader is such a plus, especially if your eyes need a little help.  Shopped for sewing machines with similar features and found this one to be the best value.  This is my second Singer machine.  Had my first machine for 25 years and it worked great."
This Singer machine was made by Juki.  It sews like butter--very smooth.  I have the Quantum 9910 and the price on the 9960 was cheaper than what I paid for my first Quantum.  I love this machine!
"I have been a sewing junkie for more than forty years.  I have been a faithful buyer of Brother Machines until recently, when my very expensive Brother Innovis 4000D was sent out to for maintenance and came back completely messed up.  It is no longer running.
Eight thousand dollars down the drain.  I am thankful for this new machine and LOVE the smooth running operation.  The stitch
quality is wonderful, and is very easy to use!  The only draw back I have found is the automatic needle threading system isn't worth a dime.  Thank you Singer."
Christmas gift to wife this year and she as well as her sister thought I was the bomb.  It's half as loud as her old machine and she loves all the features built into it.  Everything about it so far is perfect.
"I replaced a machine that was ancient and didn't work too well.  I love this new machine.  I still have to get the book out and read how to do some of the steps, but that is OK.  It is very user friendly and although I don't sew very often, I am enjoying using my new machine.  Highly recommend it and the price was so reasonable."
"I purchased the Singer Quantum 9960 to replace a very basic machine that I had that was constantly having issues.  What a difference this machine has made!  The touch screen features are easy to use, and all the extras that was included in the lightening deal ""bundle"" offer was simply too good to pass up.  While it does come with an amazing array of presser feet, surprisingly it did not come with a 1/4"" foot.  I purchased a 1/4"" foot to complete this ""gift to myself"" purchase!
~g"
"I would be very interested in hearing from others who purchased this sewing machine.  I just received mine yesterday and began trying the various stitches.  It's apparent the tension settings are off on all the stitches and the quality of even basic straight and zig zag stitches is terrible.  I want to give Singer the benefit of the doubt, and I'm guessing I just received a defective machine, so I'm returning this machine and asking for a replacement.  If the replacement works fine, I'll write a new review.

*1-22-14: I just received my replacement machine and I'm happy and relieved to say that the problem above appears to have been related to a defective sewing machine.  The replacement machine sews beautifully.  I've tried many of the stitches and the tension settings seem to just right for each stitch setting.  This machine has many great features, such as the needle threader, thread cutter, memory for different combinations of embroidery stiches and more.  I'm now very pleased that I made the purchase and have increased my one-star rating to five stars."
"I've done tons of sewing during my life and my first machine was a Singer.  Over the years I have had several of the major brands.  I finally decided I needed to update since my machine was over 20 years old.  This machines sews beautifully!!!!  I am still learning to operate it since it is so much different than my last machine.  I can say that the blind hem stitch is the best I have ever used and I really like the overall operation of the machine.  Having the screen tell you what foot to use, etc. is very handy.  I've had this one for a while now and I haven't had a single issue.  Part of loving sewing is having the right machine or it can be a nightmare.  I strongly recommend this machine as a good choice for beginners to advanced enthusiasts.  Don't let the low price fool you.  This is a quality machine."
I love my Singer 9960 Quantum stylish 600  - stitch sewing machine. I have been sewing pieced quilts for 9 years . I haven't got to try all of the things on this machine yet but the few I have done are great. Very good lighting on this machine & it is very quiet.
"This machine was a Christmas present and I have been learning how to use it.  I did order some books that another review suggested would be helpful.  The main complaint is that the manual for this machine is very difficult to use and is extremely basic and merely identifies machine and attachment parts.  I looked online and the instructions there were not much more helpful but some.  Because of the various languages all mixed together the manual was difficult to navigate.  I downloaded the pdf version of the manual offered and printed only the English portions and made my own manual.  Easier to sort through.  I believe when I take the time to actually sew something I will like the machine.  My old Singer had plastic discs to insert to make decorative stitches.  I got the machine in the 70's but never really mastered decorative sewing.  The tension would make knots on the back and I gave up and didn't bother with them.  I did briefly try decorative stitches and succeeded  in lovely little rows of ducks, hearts, etc.  I think I will be able to figure this one out.  The tension, so far, is great - this was a problem on the older machine.  I still would have the old machine though except a book shelf fell from the wall the broke it.  I figured it would cost at least half what I paid for this machine and would still be old so I ordered it for myself.  I don't sew a lot but I am sure I will enjoy the machine.  So far it is very simple to use (I am not a ""sewer"" as such) and may try a few projects that I otherwise would not.  I am very pleased with it so far and when my books arrive I will spend some more time with it.  I can only complain about the manual at this point and it is too basic for such a nice machine.  Carol"
It is a great machine easy to operate and built very well. It was a great machine for the money.
I love how professional my buttonholes look! the various stitches and how relatively quiet it is. I still can not figure out the threading freature
"This machine is so wonderful!  I used to always struggle with being able to sew, threading the machine bobbin etc., was always a challenge.  I had so little success with my old machine that I gave up on the idea of ever being able to sew, but now that I have this machine, I am beginning to love sewing and find it so much easier now.  I realize that it is necessary and very important to have the right machine and this is it!"
"I had to return it and pay the shipping, since I live in Canada.  It was jammed so that I couldn't even run it!  Very frustrating."
"I love this machine.  I only have a couple complaints, sometimes it doesn't seem to do exactly what I'm expecting it to.  Ex. one stitch which starts with an automatic back-stitch to lock in the seam, at times it doesn't do it.  Also when doing a buttonhole, you have to pull down a lever called the buttonhole lever to be able to sew the automatic button holes.  It's temperamental and sometimes I have to work with it to get it to work right.  Sometimes I have to literally hold it in the place where it is working just until I start stitching then it's ok.  Not sure it should do that, but it's annoying.

Other than that, I'm happy with the machine so far.  Received it as a Christmas gift.

It's pretty easy to figure out.  I keep the book handy for features I've never had before.  It comes with a lot of feet for different purposes, so it's gonna take a bit of time to get used to which ones to use for what purpose.  So far I've mostly used the button foot, the normal sewing foot, and I've TRIED the bias tape foot, which didn't work out for me.  I've never been able to successfully use those feet.  For some reason they don't work the way they show in the pictures! (LOL)  This one however looked like it would work great, but trust me, it's complicated and is too hard to get the bias tape to wrap the edge like it is supposed to.

I've made a few projects on it and have been pleased with how they came out.  Used one decorative stitch on one item and I used the ""numbers"" on another which came out really nice.

So bottom line, I love it.  (Of course it's still early, have had it less than a month so I'll update this review in the future)."
"I bought this machine to make replacement seats for my sling chairs.  Unfortunately it would not take the needle and thread size recommended by the fabric vendor who recommended 92 coated thread and a 24 size needle.  The largest needle  that fits  this machine was a 22.  The needles eye was too small for the 92 thread and it scraped the coating off and broke the thread.  I called Singer as the machine wouldn't run the 92 size thread and they recommended not using coated threads as they can gum up the gears, etc., and I needed a commercial machine to do this size. To bad they didn't publish this tidbit of info!  I ended up using size 70 Coats coated thread but ran two spools to get a double strength stitched seam using the 22 needle and the size 92 thread in the bobbin.  No problems doing that and the chair seams are holding up just fine.

I'm happy with this machine and it did what I wanted it to do once I found out what thread size it wouldn't take.  I probably should have bought a commercial machine as I intend to sew some awnings and covers for my pontoon boat.  But I think I can get by with this one.  It comes with a lot of extra feet for different tasks which saved a lot of money.  I will eventually use most of them.  It also has a hard top case, extra storage, and excellent task lighting.

I was a good investment."
"I love this sewing machine! For two years I've been sewing on the Singer Tradition. It jammed up all the time, it was always causing my fabric to be uneven (even with the even feed foot, I think it was just because the feed dogs weren't as efficient). This machine is amazing! The buttons make it SO easy to change stitches, the digital display is great, the feed dogs have a lot more feeding segments, there is a drop feed function--not to mention all the STITCHES! They are great! The display is easy to use, and the most used stitches are on buttons to the left of the display, which makes it really easy to switch from straight stitch to zig zag when doing the average sewing job. The automatic backstitch feature is great, and the thread cutting button is REALLY convenient. I can't say enough about this sewing machine, I love it!"
I have been sewing for a long time and this is the best machine that I have ever use. it sew so many design@ it's very quiet @ easy to use just love it.
This machine feels sturdy and reliable. I'm glade I bought this one. But I hope there is a instruction dvd!
I would advise anyone considering this machine to buy something more practical. I brought one in July 2013 and it has quit sewing and  there is only one center in our state. I would rate it zero.
"I really was hoping to love this machine like many others have. Unfortunately, it didn't work as well as I expected.  Had several bobbin issues and I couldn't quilt with the clear mono. thread.  It kept breaking.  This could be user error, but the directions weren't specific enough for me to figure out how to correct the problems. I guess I just expected for this higher end Singer, it would be more user friendly and be the machine of my dreams. I may not have given it enough time and attention.  Sadly, I decided to send it back."
"I have been looking for a sewing machine that can do the things that I enjoy doing: embroidery, sewing and quilting. It was great to find a machine that does all three without costing a furtune."
it has all the things I wanted on a sewing machine.just have not had the time to try them all out.cant wait to do that.
"As a male amateur, this one is so complex, it's taking a little work to get it all figured out. It promises to help me be outstanding at this new skill I'm trying to cultivate again. A VERY fine machine and a heck of a bargain for the price AND it's a SINGER!!! What I've done with it so far is made so easy with the ease of use (I LOVE the self threader...what a GREAT idea for all us ""more mature"" people.) I even want to find classes in order to use it to it's fullest potential. Now...back to sewing my ""hippie"" shirts!"
i'm new to sewing. I have been using my mom's and decided it was time to get my own. It showed up the next day and was everything it said it was. Easy to use. I have not used all of the fucntions yet but I'll get there.
This is an awesome sewing machine! Worth every penny. All the extras you get is unbelievable! Can't go wrong buying a Singer!!
My new favorite toy! The only hard thing is deciding which decorative stitch I want to use! I am thinking of many new projects!!
"I have been wanting to learn how to sew for quite some time, and  I was in need of a sewing machine to do it.  I researched and researched, and read reviews for a long time so I would make the best decision on what machine to get.  I haven't sewn since I was in home economics class in middle school, and I knew that machines had changed a lot in those 20+ years, and that I had forgotten everything I ever learned.  I didn't want to get a machine that was so simple that I would easily master it and be bored with it and looking to upgrade within a few months, nor did I want to get a machine that would be ""too fancy"" and ""too smart"" and leave me intimidated and the machine sitting in the basement collecting dust because it was too hard to learn how to use.

Enter the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist......I am more than impressed.  Being a person who is only vaguely familiar with sewing machines and sewing terminology, I have found this machine to be intuitive and easy to get acquainted with (the user manual is even written in an easy to understand format and language).  I had the machine open and set up within minutes and sewing on practice pieces of cloth that I had bought.  It will take me forever to outgrow this machine, it does the basic stuff very well and can do the advanced stuff even better.....I've just got to learn how to do them all.  I will probably never use 600 stitches, but it's fun to know they are there to use if I needed them.

As far as value, price, features, included accessories, etc, you will not find a better value anywhere (trust me I researched this until I about drove myself crazy).  The current price of $329.99 is an outstanding deal, and I completely lucked out and got it on a lightening deal for $247.99 during Christmas.  Now that price is more than a good deal, it's just about insane for the quality machine you get and all the included accessories. I still can't seriously believe I got lucky enough to catch that special price lightening deal!

I couldn't be happier with this sewing machine, and I look forward to all the fun things I get to learn with it.  You can't go wrong with this one, and I would buy it all over again even at the current higher price, heck - just one of the included presser feet is a $30 value alone.  Buy this machine, buy this machine, buy this machine!!"
"My wife recieved this as a Christmas present.  It was very easy to set up and start to use. She has already completed a lot of projects with this, says it is quality start to finish."
"I have only had the machine for about a week now, but I love how easy it is to thread, upper and bobbin threads. The needle threader is an amazing time saver (and my first machine to have one). I am looking forward to trying out all the different stitches, and so far have done a couple of the letter stitches that came out looking great! Easy to use."
"I have been a gal with sewing skills, but a very temperamental machine for years. This led to simple hemming projects that I would dread and put off. I am very happy with my new machine. It has not caught up on anything I have tested it with. In typical Singer fashion, everything is intuitive and simple to use. Buttons you need most often are closer to the needle. The automatic cutter is flawless. I have not done buttons yet, so hopefully you can find another reviewer for info on that, but I am thrilled that I finally replaced my ""Sew Knot"" machine."
I am an industrial sewer. I am use to working with heavy duty fast paced machine. So I was looking for a machine that would handle some thicker material and a machine that has some speed to it. The stiches come out looking nice. I really liked the fact I got all the feet I could possibly need. Very easy to use. The automated thread cutter and needle threader is absolutely amazing. the machine is heavier and doesn't bounce around. The extension table fits like a dream and never moves. the hard cover carry case / dust cover is also an added bonus and has an area for the manuals.
"Just what I needed! I've had others but don't compare to this one! Easy, comfortable and the wide arm is the perfect size for my quilting and other sewing projects!"
"This is by far the best deal for Christmas. For 299.00 !!! comes with attachments and everything you will need.
Joann's had this same machine on SALE for $599.00 regularly $699.00 !!! great machine, priced exceptionally well."
"This machine meets all my expectations. Very quiet, lots of bells and whistles. My sister has this machine and recommended it to me. Very happy."
"Although I have been a home sewer for 50 years making crafts, quilts, childrens and grandchildrens clothing, toys, wedding dresses and prom gowns for myself and 4 daughters, I would never claim to be an expert or professional with a sewing machine. I've only owned 6 sewing machines in my life. All but 2 have been Singers. I know there are machines out there that can read your thoughts, cut your fabric and make all the right decisions for dinner and dessert. That's great for those who need that and probably most importantly, can afford it. That's not me. This machine offers me all I could want and then some. So many stitches are included, features are easy to learn, a clear and well written instruction manual. It is quiet, stitches are easily adjusted if needed, semi auto needle threading is a snap, filling the bobbin is so easy, front drop bobbin and simple access to clean feed dogs and bobbin case is so simple. An easily read screen, two LCD lights on board, logical approach to setting up stitch patterns in memory.

This may not be a machine for a true beginner. Save perhaps a beginner who can read, understand and fully follow instructions. After having read some of the negative comments (of which there were Very few.) it appeared, based on my long experience, that several of the complaints stemmed from the user's omission of what might seem a seemingly unimportant step. All machines have every knob, hook and gear in place for a reason and use. Skipping just one (like the wire hook for threading at the top of the needle shaft) will cause big problems.

My only wish, and it's not a complaint, is that there were a way to 'save' stitch instructions in memory for repeated use without having to enter them each time machine is turned back on. For a few dollars more I could have had that I suppose. Singer has always been my go to machine for everyday projects. The price point for the features can't be beat and they have a range of machines available for every pocketbook and level of experience.

Way to go Singer!"
"i  love it !
will  enjoy sewing. using  this smart sewing appliances.
Will recommend to my frends  to shop for it."
"I can think of no reason to rate this machine lower than 5 stars. The machine has more bells and whistles than I will ever use. It's quiet and fast with perfectly straight stitching. I am an experienced beginner and did not see any need to spend thousands of dollars on an expensive machine, even though several people tried to convince me to. I see blankets, dresses and aprons - nothing complex - and this machine handles it all. It came with several feet and I'm really excited to try them out. Manual is very helpful, tells you how and when to use each one. I pretty much turned on this machine, read through the manual, learned the basics enough to get started in about an hour. Have had no problems with jamming so far. Great machine for someone like me!"
"Embroidering things like ""F--- It Bucket"" on candy basket liners and turning our dining room into a mini sweatshop.  I want my house back!"
"I've had this machine for a few months and obviously haven't used every option on it, but my most recent project was oval placemats for a Xmas gift my sister asked for. I bought a set of plastic place mats for a starter of a pattern, (no patterns found online for the oval ones), I outlined one on the inside of a Bud Light Beer case (cardboard), so I didn't have to go buy a cardboard poster board. I added a 1/4"" to my outline and cut my pattern template out. From the pattern template I used disappearing ink and traced my pattern onto the fabric and cut out the mats and (stuffing). I sewed all 3 together by using the serging option to seal the edges. I trimmed the placemats with bias tape (easy peasy)! Then I used a funny seam choice, I don't know the name of the seam, but I call it the drunk driving stitch because it weaves back and forth. I used the ""drunk driving"" stitch, (hence the name came from the bud light cardboard!). to create a continual circular involving stitch to ""poof"" the mats and finish them. My sister has emailed me numerous times on the mats and has called to tell me about all the compliments she has gotten about them!
I have an industrial machine that I regularly use for marine vinyl and leather products and also have an old Singer simple machine that I used to use for quilts, this machine has inspired my husband to stop making boat cushions and now he wants to steal this machine from me to make Baby Bopper Covers! I might have to purchase another one of these! (Pray for me)! LOL"
"My wife loves her new sewing maching!  IT has so many useful functions and is easy to use, telling her which foot she needs depending on her stitch."
So far I am very happy with this machine.  I am still learning how to do new things with it.  i love how quiet it is.
"I have looked at about 8 to 10 sewing machines before I chose this one, It has everything I want in a sewing machine, Lots of stitches, embroidery, monograms, 2 lights, a case, the price is awesome, well worth the money"
Quiet operation.  Easy to set up and sew.  Just received it and am finishing up some Christmas projects while I should be cooking! Rather be sewing.  Love the extras that this machine offers and I consider it a very nice machine for the money.
"I haven't sewn in years, but has been super easy to use. Spent first day playing and getting familiar with machine and reading manual, and now almost done making first project."
"I just received my machine a few days ago.  Prior to making the purchase I did quite a bit of research.  I read reviews on this machine and several others (Brother, Janome, and other Singer models).  I was hesitant to purchase this model because of the mixed reviews (mainly with the bobbin jamming).  I kept going back and forth and then happened to be looking again when the price dropped dramatically.  I couldn't pass up the deal.
I've owned both Brother and Singer sewing machines.  A couple of years ago I found a brother machine that I really liked.  It was very quiet and was able to handle thick fabric with no problems.  Then Singer came out with a new model that had more features.  I purchased the machine and was not happy with it.  It was not as quiet as the Brother and had problems with multiple layers of fabric.  This I why I hesitated to get another Singer model.
My Quantum arrived and I was both excited and hesitant.  I was expecting difficulties with threading the machine and winding the bobbins.  Neither of which was a problem.  It took me a few minutes to do both.  Next was the thread cutter.  Unfortunately it did exactly what other people reported....the next set of stitches were loose and then the machine became unthreaded.  I rethreaded with no problem and it sewed just fine after that.  I tried a few of the decorative stitches....they were okay.  I love the blanket stitch and I see myself using it for appliqu mainly.  This machine is INCREDIBLY quiet--a definite plus.  I also sewed on multiple layers of quilted fabric and the machine fed it right through.  All I did was guide the fabric.  As my fianc said ""are you even sewing?  It looks like it is doing everything for you"".  So far so good, but we will give it the test of time and see how long it lasts.
Also, there are some useful how-to videos on YouTube.  Just put ""singer quantum"" in the search engine."
"The machine worked right out of the box. It does all of the stitches that I wanted to use. It is light to carry, but a heavy-duty machine. Instructions were clear and I referred to them often in learning the machine. It is easy to use and easy to understand. I immediately made an advent calendar using various stitches. I made baby blankets and bibs and other items. Love that I have so many stitches to choose from."
"I LOOKED FOREVER FOR A NEW SEWING MACHINE....THIS MACHINE IS GREAT* GREAT* GREAT*...IF YOU DO A LITTLE OR A LOT OF SEWING, THIS MACHINE IS THE BEST*** BY FAR*** FOR THE FEATURES & PRICE....I FELL IN LOVE WITH ALL THE FEATURES ...THE PRICE WAS OUTSTANDING...THE SMOOTH OPERATION OF THIS EXCELLENT MACHINE DELIVERS... IT WILL LEAVE YOU AMAZED AT HOW WELL IT PERFORMS...AMAZON DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT...YOU GET SO MUCH FOR THE PRICE AND EVEN MORE FEATURES THAN ON OTHER
 ""VERY HIGH END"" PRICED MACHINES...IT IS AN ABSOLUTE DREAM TO SEW WITH... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MACHINE FOR EVERYONE...BEGINNERS & EXPERTS ALIKE...YOU'LL BE SEWING UP A STORM WITH THIS VERY DEPENDABLE
SEWING/EMBROIDERY MACHINE..."
"I love it. Haven't used it yet on leather, this is what I bought it for.
The time form buying to receiving the sewing machine was a matter of just a few days.
Thank you I'm happy with the order.
Really I have never used a sewing machine before. Directions are good and easy to understand. I'm havering a great time learning.
Thank you."
"This is a real ""bang for the buck"" machine.  The options for sewing with this machine seem endless! The instruction book is easy to understand or if that gives you trouble just follow the pictures where each step is alphabetical  (A-B C and so forth).  I love this machine and I would consider myself an average seamstress who is just starting to quilt."
I just received my machine yesterday and I have been playing around with it... I was wondering is there any way to fill in the different type of decorative stiches and fonts.  Right now all that it seems to do is the outline.
"This thing is awesome. I've had it for about 2 years and it's fantastic. It can be a little daunting but it just takes a little practice. The stitch key on the opening part of the top is really helpful. All the accessories that come with it make this a steal. The extension table is awesome. It's fast and fairly quiet. The hard plastic cover with opening storage is also awesome. No complaints so far. Never had it freeze up or jam. The automatic thread cutter is awesome. Never new I needed it until I had it, now I can't imagine sewing without it. The speed switch is also pretty useful. Highly recommend!"
This was a great buy and it was delivered fast in perfect condition. It was a much better machine than my wife expected for the money and ranks as one of the best values ever.
"Good sewing machine.  It is very quite.  I use it constantly, and it is working good.  It has so many options.  Amazing, what technology can do this days!  I like the Extension Table which is very handy.  I like that it came with Hard Cover.  It is so easy to put it away for storage and pull it back when you need it."
I love this machine! It is very user friendly and runs quietly and smoothly. The machine is not packaged in an outer carton; mine arrived in a box that plainly said Singer on it.  I suggest that if you live in an area that is prone to crime I would make arrangements to be home when it arrives.
This has been one of the best purchases ever... I love it.  I am just getting back into sewing and quilting and this machine makes it soooo easy.  I'd buy another right now if I needed.. worth it.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MACHINE! IT DOES EVERYTHING. IS EASY TO USE. GOOD LOOKING TOO.ARRIVED IN GREAT SHAPE AND ON TIME.
"I have been sewing since I was 6 years old and I've been through many machines. My sewing table has two sergers and an embroidery machine on it. I LOVE to sew! I bought a Singer Curvy a few years ago and have been absolutely miserable. Sometimes, for no reason that I can tell, it will stitch an inch, stop and beep. Over and over and over. Its awful. It wasn't overly expensive but it wasn't cheap. This machine popped up on the Today's Deals and I just had to have it. The reviews are excellent, so I bought it. I could not believe how quickly it shipped and the packaging was excellent. Threading is different--but not bad and compared to what we used to go through to thread a machine, its amazing. Right out of the box the stitches are beautiful and the motor purrs--WOW is it fast. Reminds me of my old Brother. My Curvy has a terrible tinny sound that is enough to make your ears ring after only an hour of sewing. I am looking forward to sewing again. I really hate when you get a bum product and you don't realize that you've stopped doing something you love until you finally pitch it and get a new one.  I will let you know how it holds up..."
"I am totally satisfied with my purchase of the Singer 9960.  It was very difficult to make a decision on which sewing machine to purchase but this one had the features that I wanted and more.  the instructions are very clear and I have been able to fill bobbins, thread the machine, use and adjust the many different stitches.  I love the automatic needle threader, thread cutter, adjustable speeds, lighting, and accessories.  The foot pedal wouldn't work from the first time that I tried it.  I did email the Singer help group and got a response within two days.  They sent me a new foot pedal that works perfectly.  They did not ask for me to send the faulty part back so it was a no fuss fix.  Amazon as usual had the product to me in two days in perfect condition.

I have completed four projects so far with my new machine.  I too have an old Kenmore that still works but does not hold a candle to the quiet efficiency of this Singer.  I don't know if I will ever be able to try all the many stitches and special attachments included.  Sewing is now a relaxing and satisfying experience."
"Works fast and easy, love making toys for my cats and monogramed bibs for my great nephew.  Love Singer products."
I hope that this product after reading some of the reviews goes beyond my expectations...you see my wife here has been wanting a new sewing machine ever since we got married she even tried once to get a new one and something happened and it wasn't shipped ay all and she gave up on it ...will update on how this works out
"Just what my girlfriend wanted, she loves it. She is getting back into sewing and quilting and this is a great machine for her to get started."
"Having had Brother machines for a number of years, I have gone back to Singer. This machine is easy to use. has good light, and a whole host of feet. Watch their video, and see how great it is. That is what sold it to me."
I love my singer quantum... i ordered it despite mixed reviews but I wouldn't change it for the world.... it has only been one month but but i have made many items with it.... i appreciate my quantum..... i will upload pics of my projects done with the quantum soon...
Sews like a dream. Very quiet and easy to use. It came with many extra presser feet. The extension table is very useful when going to a class as I have a large acrylic table to use at home.
"Bought this machine for 4 reasons: 1. previous experience with Singer; 1. it was too expensive to update my 20-year-old Viking machine with a 2013 version; 3. price of the 9960; and most of all, the thread cutter. Hard-to-wind bobbin is the one ""flaw"" that keeps me from loving the machine instead of just really liking it."
"So quiet with very smooth operation, it's a dream to sew with.  Should have upgraded earlier! Great price and superb product."
A great sewing machine but it came kind of broken.  The attachment that is supposed to thread the needle doesn't work.  My friend has the same machine and she tried looking at it.  Doesn't move like it should. So thats a bummer but everything else is ok.
"OMG! I LOVE LOVE LOVE my new Singer 9960! This machine is all I wanted and MORE! It has so many stitches to choose from! It's a great machine and well worth the money spent! I was a little intimidated when I first opened the box, being a Wal-Mart special machine owner before, but it didn't take me long to jump right in and get to sewing! This is a great mid-level machine but it's simple enough that a beginner could use it without any problem! I love my new Singer!"
"With Prime I ordered the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist and received in two days!  Immediately started making a baby quilt and it is a wonderful machine.  Stitching is very good and even and it is a quiet sewing machine!  So far I am very satisfied with this purchase, from dealing with Amazon to sewing with the machine!  I highly recommend buying through Amazon and I give this Singer Sewing Machine a five star rating also!!"
I love everything about this machine.  It got great reviews and I totally agree.  It is incredibly quiet and has a large variety of stitches.  The only thing I have had an issue with is the automatic needle threader.  It seems to slip down just a bit and doesn't always work.  This is a minor inconvenience.  I will probably have it looked at the first time I take it in for yearly maintenance but I can live with it for now.
"Once the sound is quiet, unlike conventional sewing machine used was'm good to. The design is good, I like it quiet. There are 600 branches and use the many features I do not know whether that one point of the heart is so proud. But now I've done until now the use of several like it. Thank you for making a great product."
"This machine came with EVERYTHING!!!! It was a great price, great product, couldn't ask for more! Well, maybe an instructional DVD. But there is always YouTube!"
Love this sewing machine..has everything I need to make everything and anything that I want.. we shall see down the road how it holds up but so far I love it..
"I got this machine in early Oct 2013. I made my daughter her halloween costume and then when just doing a quick repair on my sons zip hoodie it had a loud grinding noise and stopped working (just a beap when I try to make it run). Took 2 hrs on hold with Singer to be told just to return it from a very rude customer service agent. While on hold I sent them an email to there ?'s department, to see if they respond faster... three weeks later got a response saying thy all these things if that does not work mail to a service center in Kansas since there are no centers here in Colorado! I had already returned it at this time.
Got a replacement machine thinking this could just be a 'bad apple' made a four pairs of pajama pants and the same thing happened. The needle never moved an it just sounded like gears grinding. I am returning and vow to never buy a singer again."
"GOES DOWNHILL!!!! I'm SO disappointed in this machine! When I first got it I was so in love with it. Had beautiful stitching and was so quiet! After a few months it started going downhill. First it started to get noisy, then the decorative stitches started messing up and the stitches were way off, and then here I am past the 1 year warranty and the fabric won't feed through the machine and the thread just makes one big knot!! And it pulls fabric down into the bobbin. I'm so annoyed.

Singer says they will cover replacement parts for if it's a computer problem but I would have to send it in and pay for labor! The closest place to get it fixed is over FIVE HOURS away!! Do you know how much it would cost to send this heavy beast in the mail and back?!! Not to mention the guy said it would cost OVER $100 in labors (most likely more!) plus cost of parts if the warranty doesn't cover certain ones. He guessed it would cost anywhere from over $100 to possibly $300!! No way am I paying to mail it there, get a $300 bill, and pay to mail it back and hope it doesn't break again!! No way will I pay more to fix it than what I paid for it! This machine cost me around $350, you would think a machine that cost me this month would last more than 19 months!!!!! I haven't even had it 2 years!!!

It's frustrating because I'm a stay home mom and I sew and sell my crafts to help make some extra money for my family. Now I'll be left without a machine because I can't afford to send it in to be fixed. I'm not impressed with Singer and won't be buying a Singer ever again. My old machine was a $50 Brother and it held up over 5 years!! That's sad this Singer didn't even last 2.

I'm so sad now. I don't have a machine.
Sewing is not only my passion, but what I do to help provide for my family. And now I can't.
I'm so disheartened by this machine. I would not recommend this machine to anyone."
"Hi everyone,
Have only had my machine for a few days.  I am a pillow designer, maker and sell high end product to clients and to the trade (interior decorators). So far, this machine is exceeding my expectations  I have been working on an old Viking I've had for years. WOW! Its like going from driving a Saturn to a Mercedes.  I don't want to comment much yet, but will update over the months (since it will be used for professional use, and a LOT)

The down side:  I was missing one foot.  Will contact Amazon and see what the protocol is.  Also IF ANYONE ELSE HAS NOTICES THIS or anything else imperfect about their machine, please post it here:  I had a tiny light yellow spot on the upper edge of the machine, right before the top you lift up to view all your stitches... like an oil stain.  I also have a small dot (which is bugging the heck out of me each time I look at it) of yellow INSIDE the LED screen.

For the price I can forgive these anomalies, but if Amazon is selling machines with slight imperfections it should be stated in the product info.  That aside, so far, I LOVE the machine.  I can really appreciate the quietness - since I'm on it a lot. Everything is smooth, the needle threader is a GODSEND, saving my eyes and SO much time.  The manual is quite straight forward, and in general, even though there is a learning curve like with most new equipment, this machine is easy enough to use even for a beginner!  I'll keep you posted"
"I didn't purchase a new one, instead I bought a used sewing machine from this seller.... I saved a whole bunch of money.  I was real surprised when I opened the shipping box, it looked brand new.... all in the original packaging.  I couldn't have been more pleased with this Singer Sewing Machine.

I promised my wife a new sewing machine for the past 5 years, and wanted to surprise when she returned from her trip to Wales.  Oh YES... she was so happy and trilled seeing this sewing machine, and with all the features it does, it almost does the sewing for you.  I definitely recommend anyone looking to purchase a sewing machine, to purchase this Singer 9960 Model!"
"So far I have love this machine. It is very quiet and smooth.  It is nice to be able to hear or the machine running. I listen to audio books and it is great to be able to do so with out having them blasting out. I love the automatic thread cutter.  I hated the thread cutter on my old machine.  It was hard to use so I keep a pair of scissors handy, or at least tried to. You know how that is, they always got carried off.  I quilt so I use my machine everyday.  I am still learning some of the feature but what I have turned out so far I love.  Very pleased with this machine and I am glad I finally broke down and bought it"
this is my first new machine I have been using an old singer which I have had to pull out of retirement .The quantum is poorly designed and is time consuming to clean especially since it jams up frequently  the amazing attachments are fine but the machine jams so frequently that  I am threading the machine a lot also tonight was the last straw when the bobbin froze up and I am un able to fill them or sew I am waiting to talk to the company tomorrow I will try the company in the am this sure bites as I have a lot of sewing before xmas to finish I was looking forward to using all the neat stiches on my sewing projects I have been sewing since I was thirteen and now am 56  and I  have always used an old singer I was hoping to love this machine but find it lacking and plan on returning it.  I have only finished a couple of small wall hangings with frequent stopping for thread jams and bobbin jams also have broke five needles and already wore the print off the start stop key I tried to like it but can not.
I purchased this sewing machine a few weeks ago. I have sewn for 45 years and had three singers over that period. This one is amazing. I quilted a full size quilt with no problem using the walking foot. I got it one day and pieced and quilted the quilt over the next two days. My favorite machine ever.
What a great machine !!!  I looked at so many options offered by others and found this one had what I wanted !!  I make a lot of quilts and it has enough space to roll up the quilt under the arm.  It also has the automatic threader and cuts the threads when you finish !!!
"Great value, as promised, very rapid delivery.  Instruction booklet is easy to read and the machine was packed.  The case fit as it should and the Singer is a great machine."
If you can afford the extra $ 60.00 i would recomend this machine for the quality and the extras that come with it.
"I love love love this sewing machine
Its really heavy and big compared to what i had
It has nice wide plate thing and it comes with basic sewing accessories needed.
it has many stiches you can use for overlock, blind hem stiches and other things.
you can sew without the pedal and you can adjust the maximum speed.
it has all different features you could use.
Definately worth more than its price"
This is a great machine for an even more fantastic price! Lots of features and easy to use. Thank you!
This is the first time I've ever own a new sewing machine and this one i do some much with.
I am so pleased with this machine.  I was concerned about ordering this online because I had not sewn on this machine.  This sews so much better than the much more expensive machines I had tried out.  I decided to order it because Amazon has always backed their products.  A great machine.
"I have been in quilting heaven since my Quantum Stylist Sewing Machine arrived. When I got it home from the post office, I took it out of the box, read the manual from front to back. Then I turned it on, threaded the bobbin, threaded the machine and off to the races. I mainly use it for quilting but I also use it to make womans and infants apparel, purses, totes, clutches, blankets and so much more. The machine itself is smooth and quiet while in operation and with all of the accessories of so many feet, and attachments I am now able to use stiches from utility to decorative and even now able to sign and date my quilts with the built in fonts. Even though it is not a computerized applique machine, I applique and monogram on projects as well. In the included extra accessories, it comes with a quilt quide which I use often as well as over edge stitches which keeps me from having to use my serger as much. This machine really is an all-in-one, and Singer is my favorite among sewing machines. I have two Singer sewing machines and still use them both. My serger not as much."
Only sews backwards and the computer doesn't work!!!!  Nothing in the manual to tell you what to do if it only sews backwards.
"This is the most recent addition to my 6 sewing machines.  I don't work outside the home, so spend the majority of my time sewing quilts and various gifts for family and friends.  This machine is so easy to use!  Just a few things I love about this machine: 1)  the self-threading needle
2)  thread cutter
3) easy stitch programming
4) easy to adjust stitch length and width
5) EXCELLENT pre-programmed button holes!!!!

Highly recommend this machine!!!"
Delivered in 2 days!  Intuitive machine.  Easy to use.  Works well in every way.  This is a great machine for the money!
I have had this machine for almost a year.  It stopped working so I called Singer and I had to send it in to be fixed.  You have to pay to ship it to your nearest Singer dealer but they pay to fix it and return it if it is still under warranty.  There is a 1 year warranty on it from the purchase date.  The machine shows you an error code when there is something wrong.  Mine said I needed to release the start/stop button but I couldn't see anything wrong.  I love this machine and I hope I don't have anything else go wrong with it once it is fixed.
"I love my singer and have been sewing since I received it, I make one item a day.  I have tried all of the different things that it does.
I have an older Machine and after I had been using my new machine for a couple of days I used my old one and was not happy with the way it was sewing and the noise it was making and I have been using this machine for years.  Why didn't I get my singer sooner?
If singer wants to use me as a tester for any new Item they bring out, sign me up."
"I've had this machine for three months and I like it so far. However, it has two problems that are crucial, at least to me, and that I would have stopped me from buying this machine if I had known about them beforehand.  Both problems have to do with the bobbin.  First, the machine does not alert you when you are running low on bobbin thread.  I've had much cheaper machine that did; this machine should.  This problem is compounded by the other problem: the machine will still function as normal with the bobbin completely empty. From above, it will look like everything is fine but there is no bottom thread.  Big, big problem.  Those are my biggest, and so far only, issues with the machine.  I'm sorry I didn't find out with enough time to return the machine, it's that big of an issue for me, and the reason I'm giving it three stars instead of four.

One more thing, the needle threader is a joke, and it's useless most of the time."
It does everything I expected and much much more! It's a relly good sewing machine for the price! Im in love!
"I'm new in sewing , but this machine is incredible easy to use and have some many  fixtures. I'm having a ball with it."
"Bought for my wife. Now having problem after 6 moths of use. All the threads get torn apart no matter how the tensions are adjusted. It was working fine and we were really happy with it before the trouble started. Now need to take it to a repair shop or may have to buy another sewing machine for my wife.

Update (19-Nov-2013): Took it to the authorized repair store, they fixed the problem for free. All I had to provide was the proof of purchase from Amazon (there is a default one year warranty). We were told there was a nick in the bobbin housing which was shearing the threads. It worked OK for one day, but on the 2nd day, we have the same problem! I had to reduced my two starts to one.

Update (25-Nov-2013): Took it again to the dealer and they showed us this time the problem was improper threading. I am giving the star back."
"After sewing on my old Singer machine for 40 years, it was time to get a new one. I did lots of research online and decided on the 9960 Quantum Stylist because of all the bells and whistles it offered and reasonable price. It took me about a week to get used to push-button sewing, but soon I got the hang of it. Now I love this modern marvel! I'm still learning how to use all the stitches and attachments, but the instruction booklet is very clear to follow. I also found videos on YouTube that show you exactly how to thread the needle and bobbin as well as how to change the stitch dimensions. So far I'm very pleased and am enjoying this new sewing experience. Oh, I must mention that it's so quiet! It actually makes a lovely soft sound."
Smooth and quiet sewing.  My sewing instructor was jealous that it was so easy to just slide through a menu to select different stitches.
"This machine sews quite nicely. However, something you should definitely check when you take delivery is that the bonus accessories are included. There are so many feet included (a bit difficult to tell one from the other) that I didn't notice until I went to use the Stitch in the Ditch foot and found it missing. I contacted Amazon and they cannot ship the bonus accessories separately. They are sending me a new machine so I can remove the bonus accessories and then return the machine! Keeping my fingers crossed that the accessories are in the box! I know, it sounds convoluted but my other option was a partial refund. We all know how much individual presser feet cost! One-day shipping so it should arrive tomorrow.

Based on sewing a small, quilted wall hanging and trying many of the decorative stitches and buttonholes, here are my pros and cons:

Pros:
Nice, even stitches. A must in my book!
Beautiful buttonholes. I tried several types and they all came out really nice. Quite simple to do. Just put the button in the buttonhole foot button holder, select the stitch, press start and it just does it's thing.
Easy to use. I found it pretty easy to select the various patterns. There are 20 basic stitches which you just scroll thru. You need to select the Decorative and Functional stitches button and then you can scroll thru those stitches.
Helpful digital display.  Displays what foot to use with each stitch (OK, maybe I'm the only one that needs that!), which adjustments can be made to the decorative stitches (elongation, pattern reversal, width, etc.). It doesn't display any adjustments that can't be made.
Number of accessories. I don't even know what to do with all the accessories but it's nice to have them when I get in an adventurous mood.
Good instruction manual.  Although others have found the instruction manual difficult to follow or missing, I thought that it was pretty straight forward. Mine was included in the box.
Sturdy case
Good lighting. Another essential in my book!
Easy presser foot changing. No more screwing in the presser feet! The feet just snap in and out.

Cons:
It's a picky threader! You really need to pay attention when threading the bobbin and the machine. You have to be very precise or it won't work correctly. It does throw up an error message AFTER you start to sew and you have a thread tangle on your hands.
No 1/4"" foot. Surprisingly it wasn't included but, if you're a quilter, you either have to buy one or make due with the Straight Stitch / Quilter foot.
Most presser feet are not labeled. Some are labelled with a letter but for most of them you need to discern which one it is from a drawing. It's not as easy as I would like because some of the feet are quite similar.
No long term memory. When you turn your machine off, any programmed pattern will be deleted. Kind of a pain if you've entered a complicated pattern that you want to re-use. I just leave the machine on if I know I will be re-using a pattern on a particular project.

I found that the best way to learn how your new sewing machine works is to work your way thru the instruction manual and try the various stitches, buttonholes, decorative stitches, etc. Dig out some scrap fabric and have a go at it. It's quite fun! I was initially a bit overwhelmed but just started trying some of the different stitches and options and was pretty amazed at the results. I don't consider myself an expert sewist but I am a pretty experienced sewist. I think even a beginning sewer would have no problems using this machine if they have the patience to follow the instructions and gradually work their way up from straight stitching to more complex sewing functions."
I give this product 5 stars because it is a quality machine that  lives up to its name and performs perfectly.
This is the second sewing machine I've owned. I've had it for a few months now and love it! It does so much more than my old starter machine and works quickly and quietly. The only problem I have is the automatic needle threader is hard to use. 2/7 tries I get it to work. It's so much easier to just thread the needle myself. All the accessories have been a huge bonus!
I just love this machine it does everything that a $1200 dollar machine I was going to buy does.  The bonus feet are almost worth the price. most of the feet cost $25 and up in my neck of the woods.  They manual is easy to read and I feel even a novice seamstress could use it.
I'm absolutely loving my new Singer 9960.  It is so very smooth and quiet.  The stitches are beautiful. I've shopped and shopped for a while and I think I've made the best choice. I was looking for something better than a basic sewing machine. I'm new to the world of sewing and quilting so I did not want to spend too much money. This sewing machine makes me feel like so much more than a beginner!  I'm very happy with my choice.
"Got it for a present for my wife she really likes it so far, she said it is easy to read the directions and follow them, sews so nice and she is pleased with all the extras that came with it, a good buy would recommend it for anyone learning to sew or who sews a lot."
"Really nice machine.
I loved all of the stitches...what a treat to sew a doggie and bicycle etc and three fonts...I love the out-line font!
I felt like royalty sewing on this machine.  My reservation is with the lay in threading which seems to me to be mighty fussy about what kind of thread used. I found this machine hard to remember what button does what as the button's use changes with the function. Scrolling through the many stitches five at a time became tiresome...
 So I returned this one and purchase less fussy machines to replace this one:
the Singer 7258 Featire rich with needle up and reverse/tieoff ,mechanical needle threader and speed control with out the foot pedle...with the beautiful stitches on the face of the machine, easy to use and strong enough to get the job done boasting two yearsof Consumer Digest awards.  Also a Brother SC9500  (same features as the Singer 7258) with basic font (block lettering) and stitches on the front of the machine.. also strong and EASY to use... and a Singer 5 thread Serger/Cover stich combo...on its way to me now  to be able to sew on knit/tshirt materials....  I also have the singer Commercial grade Heavy duty sewing machine just incase i wish to sew thru chain mail..Ha Ha mend a sail... also ha ha  this covers my sewing needs...for now :-)Happy SewingToni
oh...and this Singer Commercial grade heavy duty machine I would not trade for anything..."
"Love it love it.  So much better than my 35 yr old machine.  Love all the stitches but most of all the fonts for monograming.  Don't wait, order it."
"I just got my 9960 two days ago and I LOVE IT! I was kind of scared it would be hard to learn with all the stitches and buttons, but I am doing great on it! the only thing I have noticed is that it seems the pressure feet don't hold the fabric as tight as my singer simple. It may just take some getting use too. It is so easy to use! And I am so in love with the automatic thread cutter! It's a dream! It is also so quiet! I just love it! I will update some more later.."
Got this for my wife who is very experienced.  She loves the automatic thread tension control and automatic presser foot.  The automatic needle threader is great also.  She has tried a number of stitches and is very pleased.
"I've only started to learn how to see and this unit is amazing. I had another product and was about to give up when my hubby bought me this unit for Mother's Day. It has made even the most beginners of beginners look like a pro. There is so much info on the internet for it as well so if you get stuck, there's tons of info posted. I am so glad I didn't give up!"
I am enjoying  the Singer 9960 very much. Nice machine for that price.  It is nice to be able to see how much thread is left on the bobbin when sewing on a project. The thread cutter is also a nice feature .
ive only used it a few times but it has worked great for me. no prob. at all. love all the different stitching too.
"this machine was received with open arms...  it worked great for about 45 days then it started jaming, breaking threads, I switched thread type, rewound my bobbins, did all I knew to do and it worked again for about a week. The final gasp is when it continue to hit the bobbing treadle and now the machine won't even turn on.

I understand from my quilting guild that although Singer USED to be a good machine (this one replaced a 30 yr old singer) they are now rated and the BOTTOM of the heap.

My next machine will be  Janome. Certainly couldn't be any worse than this machine!

10/19/2013 update:  took this machine to TWO repair shops- NO ONE would even open it.  They said the Futura and the Quantum were junk and that I should get my money back. I argued with Amazon as they wouldnt take it back after 30 days, then I emailed and called Singer co. com  and they said it was my responsibility to take it or send it to the repair shop of which there are only 3 in Texas.

I finally got a positive response from Amazon (after all isn't that why we buy stuff on line) and they authorized me to send it back to them.  So, long story short, I bought a Janome but NOT off the internet."
"I really wanted to LOVE this machine, because I loved the look of it, the price, the fact that it was a sewing machine and an embroidery machine, the features that it offered the fact that it had 600 stitches and I could go on..... However, the biggest drawback and disappointment was when I went to use the monogramming feature!  The lettering is sooooo small (only approx. 1/4 inch tall) and you CAN NOT enlarge the FONT! It's an extremely nice sewing machine if the monogramming isn't important to you, because to be honest, it's almost not worth mentioning since its so limited.

Unfortunately, I found this out the hard way, after I received the machine and I thought that I was missing a step or something, so I googled and googled and low and behold that's it!  So I packed it up and shipped it back and bought a Brother SE 400 for the same price and the Embroidery/Monogramming features are wonderful, out of the box you can select s/m/l fonts and it has the capability to download more designs and fonts from the internet!"
First new sewing machine in 15 years! This one can do so much! Absolutely love it! So easy to use.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MACHINE!  Exactly what I wanted.  Great stitches.  So easy to use.  Stitched words cannot be enlarged.
"So far I really like this machine, its is easy to handle, quiet and it has a lot of features for the price.  I have not sewed for several years due to my old singer not working.  I just could not find a new machine I liked until I was introduced to the quantum by a sales clerk. I researched this machine on line for several months comparing it with other brands.  I went to stores for demonstration's on several machines, some were higher priced then the quantum.  I Choose the quantum because it was user friendly, had great features and the price was great. I'd like to keep you updated since I just purchased the quantum."
"I have several sewing machines and bought this one for one of my daughters to have in her home.  I love all the stitching and feet that came with the Singer.  My only ""dislike"" is that the threads are cut too short.  Because of this, the top thread is often pulled back into the machine requiring the seamstress to re-thread."
"She can do many cool things with it that she could not do before, and has enjoyed it throughout the year."
"This sewing machine is great, this machine has a wonderful selection of stiches. It does embroidery and has selection of small patterns, truck, car, duck,  sail boat and does monograms. I have not tried this option yet. It has a great selection of different feet for the machine. I would highly recommend this machine to any one. It comes with a hard plastic cover that slips over the handle. The cover has a compartment that holds the manual and has space for a few more items."
I was really looking forward to gettig this machine and when I rec'd it I had to return it because it was having bobbin issues. I returned the first machine for a replacement and the secind machine is having the same bobbin issue..seriously considering to return it but will see if local sewing repair shop can fix it before I return it.
"I've been sewing since I was a kid, and I've always had a basic sewing machine before this one. I finally decided to try something more advanced and this was a perfect step up for me; not too simple, not too complicated. I love the plethora of stitching options, the many accessories that came with the machine, and the extension table. I'd never had a machine that would cut my threads for me, so that has been my absolute favorite feature...no more trimming endless threads! Other favorite features for me are the ability to determine my maximum speed, as well as sew without the pressure foot if I so choose. It is very durable. In the short time I've had it, I've pieced 2 quilt tops, put together one quilt, made 2 duffle bags, a skirt, and several other projects and have had no problems with it at all. It is relatively quiet plus it is easy to thread. One thing I would have never known from the description of the product: the user manual is quite informative, which is something I haven't had much luck with on previous machines. This is completely worth the price!"
"I am still getting used to this machine, it is so different than my old machine.  It is nice and quiet.  I have made a couple of things with it and the stitches are great.  I haven't tried any advance settings.  I love that it threads itself and that it cuts the thread.  As I use it I am liking it more and more.  I would love to take a class on this machine."
great easy to use love it! am very very happy with purchase. delivered for free and received very quickly. good
So far it's working perfectly (after a few hours). Everything was in the package as advertised. Will update if I have any trouble with it. Simply an amazing machine.
as advertise..  No issue....  so far it worked great without any issue.  There are more functions than what I need but may as well....
I bought this after looking at this for about 2 yrs. Getting ready to retire soon and wanted a new machine for quilting. I am very pleased so far. Just haven't had enough time yet to spend it with my new friend. This machine as alot of attachments that I would have bought separate with other machines. It had a case with it which was a surprise. It runs smooth and easy to thread. This could easily be a basic machine to begin with and grow with as you learn. The fonts are easy to use .Just a wonderful machine all around.
"I just received my singer quantum 9960!
It works great and makes sewing so much more fun.
It has all the items they said comes with it.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9960-Quantum-Stylist-600-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine/dp/B004RDH7Y8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine</a>
The service was great."
The videos I've seen on this sewing machine were great.  The features and capabilities shown were impressive.  It worked wonderfully for a few weeks but then it broke.  I was stitching heavy fabric with upholstery thread and my thread jammed and the machine stopped working.  I have e-mailed Singer twice without a response.  I want to take it to a Singer center and hope it is covered by the warranty.  Hopefully they will reply to my inquiry.  I want my machine back up and running but the lack of response over the past 2 weeks has been disappointing.....
"I have 4 sewing machines and this is the one I love.  Just started quilting and the 1/4"" foot and the automatic cut and the large table are wonderful.  Have sewed more since I received this machine than I have in the last few years."
"I have really enjoyed this machine. It has several nice features and so many stitch functions. It has a self threader, but I never use that, it is easier to thread the needle by hand. I really like that it has the ability to knot the thread for you before you start sewing, I use this feature when appliqueing with the zig zag stitch, but I have found that it doesn't always make the knot and that has messed up some of my work. Overall I think it's a nice machine. Before this I only had the cheapest one you can get in a big box store, so this was a nice step up, and I figured it out very quickly."
"I've sewed for a long time but a new quilter.  Like this machine very much but not much to compare it to as my other machine was very old and basic.  Looking forward to trying all the pretty stitches when I become more competent.  I like the automatic needle threader.  One complaint, I have to grasp the needle thread when I begin a seam or it pulls out of the needle when the sewing starts.  Comes with lots of attachments which I'm also looking forward to trying."
I wish the letter and pictures were bigger but I am enjoying the sewing machine. My son even sewing on it.
"Have been sewing like crazy since my machine arrived. Exceeds my expectations! I am an experienced sewer, and run a home based craft business. This machine promises to keep up with the heavy demands I put on my equipment."
This product did not work and apparently never has worked.  I ordered this from Deal Chicken and it costs almost double to order another one of the same style.  I certainly wouldn't have ordered if but would have gotten one of the used..good condition rather than good..excellent.
"I love my machine!  I'm new to sewing, and have caught on quick!  The machine is equipped with almost everything!  The only thing I didn't like is that the old ruffling foot doesn't fit, and I've yet to find one that does.  The gather foot is cool, but doesn't do half as good of a job as the the ruffle.  Overall great machine!  They just need to make a few new feet to fit the new machines!"
"This was a gift to my wife and she loves it.  She had been sewing for over fifty years and knows her 'stuff.'  She says it is the best machine she has ever owned and is very proud to have it.  It is almost professional level and may be a little too much for the amature, but perfect for the serious seamtress."
"I chose this machine because of all it could do.  It can sew clothes, crafts and quilts.  It can also sew about 600 stitches."
"This machine it mostly plastic on the inside and I wore out the plastic parts on the bobbin casing. I am getting Singer warranty service to replace the worn parts, but I have no expectation it will hold up after it is fixed.  I did use the machine a lot and I sewed mostly heavy material like cotton duck.  Don't get this machine for heavy use."
I choose this for the different stitches and the ability to quilt on it.  The first one I got I had trouble with the bobbin getting jammed up.  I sent it back with no problem just got online told them my problema and  that I would be sending it back and was shipped a new one before I got mine to ups.  I was very pleased with Amazon and now with my new machine.  This is a good beginner machine for someone just starting out like me.
"I quilt. I am the only girl I know without a Bernina/Juki/Husqvarna/Jenome...this Singer is great. I have used it most days since April and I can't find anything wrong with it. Sews like a dream, free motion quilting is a breeze (don't use a bobbin washer it just messes with the already perfect tension), the embroidery stitches are fun and it came with all the feet and extras you could want...okay, no teflon foot but really? I'm not going to fault them for that. You can control tension on the screen not with a screwdriver like many other brands, although it seems to automatically know what you need without messing around. If it ever has an issue all I have to do is rethread it and magically it is perfect again. Top loading bobbin, hallelujah. Actually, come to think of it I haven't really been able to get the auto threader to work much but that may be operator error.

In short (compared to the other reviews) it is worth every penny and I have yet to see why I should buy a different brand. My machine is conspicuous at sew-ins as it costs many hundreds/thousands less than my friends but  I set it up with a happy heart and keep on making great stuff."
"I read the other online reviews before deciding on this particular machine.  There are so many bells and whistles that it looks like it would be difficult to learn (I sew sporadically so it may sit on my shelf for months then I get in the mood and it's all that I do).  It turned out to be pretty easy to figure out (yes, read the booklet the first time and run some samples).  I love, love, love this machine !!"
"When asked if I wanted a new sewing machine, my first response was no, my basic machine was good enough.  But when I started researching this Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist Sewing Machine the more I read, the more I knew I did want one.

First for a few points of information: Unlike what others have written, mine DID come with a nice fitting hard cover that includes storage space for the manual and sewing feet.. So don't buy the cover listed on the first page.  You don't need it. Also make sure your machine has a blue swirl decoration on the lower right of the machine. From what I've read, there was an earlier version that had some problems that Singer fixed.  They added the blue swirl so that you'd know you were buying the improved machine.

Another important piece of info is that the plastic bobbins to use with it are Singer 15Js-NOT just the 15 series.  It will not sew smoothly unless it has the correct 15J bobbin.  Buying them 3 at a time is pretty expensive,  Usually they're 3 for $3.97<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Singer-15-J-Bobbins-Transparent-3-Pack/dp/B002H8Y3B0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Singer 15-J Bobbins Transparent, 3-Pack</a>&nbsp;but you can save money buying more at one time like&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Style-15J-Sewing-Machine-Bobbins-for-Singer-10-Pack/dp/B001UCDQJ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Style 15J Sewing Machine Bobbins for Singer - 10 Pack</a>&nbsp;for about $2.99 from Amazon or large lots of 15Js from Ebay.

Some have asked about the noise it makes when started. The manual states that it calibrates itself when turned on.  So, that quick mechanical noise is normal.  I've also read a recommendation that when you are not using your machine, it's best to unplug it from the wall.

This machine is a BIG step up from basic.  It's so quiet that I've sewn while talking on the phone. You can use this machine without using the pedal. You unplug the pedal cord and push the start button, and like magic, it sews on its own. You can set the speed of sewing and adjust it as you go. This is a nice change and will be helpful to people who have leg or foot problems.

There is a button that will cut your threads when you've completed your row. You don't have to pull out the threads when restarting. It pulls up the bobbin thread on its own.  That saves on thread used and at first, it's hard to believe that it will work-but it does!

It has 600 stitches. I made a quilt with dogs on it and then used the the dog stitch to make my project that much cooler.  You can also choose more than one type of stitch, for ex. sew first a plane, then a boat, then a car and repeat.  It won't remember your chain of stitches once the machine is turned off, but while it's left on it stores what you want in its short term memory. By changing the width or length of stitches it offers even more possible looks. There are many sewing feet, probably more than most people will ever need.  I've been using the walking foot for quilts, so I haven't had a lot of experience with all the possibilities.  I do know though that the feet are very easy to take off and put on. Pushing a tab removes one then the other foot easily clicks into place.

When getting used to your new machine you should read the manual and watch some videos either on You Tube or Singer.com. (It's good to know that the manual can be downloaded from Singer.com if you misplace it.) Like anything that is new to you, it's hard to get it right at first. My first try at sewing didn't go well. It looked like the tension wasn't right. I checked the manual and it said that if your sewing is clumpy on the underside, you probably didn't thread the machine correctly. Sure enough, that was my exact problem. I made a mistake with the threading of the machine. When fixed, it worked great.

This Singer 9960 automatically sets to the correct tension based on the stitch and material chosen. If it's not sewing well for you, it's highly unlikely to be a tension problem.

 If you're like me, you're impatient and want it to work right the first time. There's a learning curve to both sewing and learning a new machine. You have to be a ""newbie"" for a while and check your manual often taking it step by step while your learning how to thread the machine and wind the bobbins.

It really is a great machine and is mostly intuitive once you have your basics down. if you decide to buy one it should work out well for you. Your work will look professional and I bet you end up loving it like I do.

Now back to sewing my latest project.

Sept 18th update:

After writing this review and commentating about how I did not have the machine threaded correctly at first, I thought that what I did wrong, might be what others would also do wrong.  My mis-threading was actually not locating the wire that runs horizontal right before you thread the needle in the upper part of the machine.  In my past machines, those last guide wires are larger and easier to locate.  But on the Singer 9960, the wire is much smaller and hard to see . . . but it's there, kind of hiding right by the needle.  It's very slender and not at all obvious.  It's what I missed when first learning how to thread the machine.  Just in case you have the threads clumping on the bottom of your fabric, which means your top part of the machine has an error in threading, check to make sure your thread is inserted behind that fragille looking wire that seems to almost hide from view.  Once I fixed that, I was ready to sew. Happy sewing to everyone.  I still love my machine!"
"I was so surprised that this machine was so easy to operate.  I have tried many of the stitches and have a lot to learn yet but the ones I have tried looked so professional.  I love how the machine will thread itself, it didn't come easy at first but now it goes much faster.  Looking forward to new projects and really learning how to make stitches I want.  I like that it has some weight to it and doesn't slide all over the place."
I love this sewing machine. So simple to operate. Does all the work for you. Best sewing I've ever had. Worth ever penny!!!
"My greatest problem is that the stitches are not straight!  I have tried different fabrics, different needles,
different threads, but I get the same result each time:  crooked stitches.  If anyone knows how to solve this problem, please enlighten me!

Otherwise, I like the speed control, the extended table, which I use for all my sewing, not just embroidery, and the electronic display."
The easiest to learn machine I've ever tried. It's fool proof. I would recommend it. I have made several projects with it. I feel it is well made and enjoy the versatility.
The machine works wonderfully. I have so many options now. It is easy to use. Had to read the book because somethings are different but its awesome. Well worth the money.
I love this singer machine. Its such a great value for the price. I checked several places and Warehouse Deals was the cheapest. Service was really fast. Thought it was delayed but then it came. I had a 30yr.+ sewing machine that did just basic sewing and clattered the whole time. This machine is smooth running and has so many features. I am not a very good sew person and too old to learn but this machine makes you want to do more things. Thank you
I am very impressed with this machine. It is all I need for home sewing. It is very easy to use.
"This machine was a considerable investment for me.  Unfortunately I neglected to return it immediately to Amazon, assuming it was user error.  After 3 months of going over and over and over the manual I am confident it  definitely IS NOT user error.  To sew seams on thinner materials using correct needle, thread etc., one must start almost half an inch in to prevent pushing the material into the bobbin area where it tangles. Obviously this requires adjusting most seam allowances unless you want a hole where seams start.  If you don't recognize the problem immediately (since the foot/needle impedes your view) it requires the whole needle plate be taken off to correct the problem.  Frequently it will tangle the bobbin threads which you cannot tell unless you frequently look to check since it whirrs along as if everything is splendid.  This IS NOT related to improper threading or tension issues.  I have only ever used the bobbins recommended for use with the machine as well. Of less concern to me, but for those with vision problems would be a bigger one, the needle threader has never worked on the machine.  Singer has a ""limited"" (very) warranty - no service centers anywhere near me and does not pay for shipping to have the machine repaired for warrantied parts.  It also does not pay for labor for those parts after one year.  I've been sewing for over 25 years and I can assure you that this machine (at least the one I got) is not quality and certainly not worth the price or trouble."
Allows me to now start the sewing projects that I could only dream about before....there was somewhat of a learning curve!
"Am still getting to know the MANY features of the machine, but thus far, it is great.  Good quiet motor, fairly easy to get knowledgeable with all the features.  Would recommend."
"This machine is easy to use, easy to understand, anyone can quickly master different stitches and settings.  I have used it daily since receiving it and have had no problems at all.  I have not used all functions yet, but will in time."
"I enjoyed this machine the first couple of months I had it.  The automatic threader never worked consistently but I didn't really have a problem with that.  Now though it has developed tension issues.  The bobbin thread is looping and nothing I have tried will fix it.  I've cleaned the machine, changed the tension to the highest setting which at least doesn't loop as much, changed needles, changed thread, etc.  There are a lot of options on this machine that I like such as the thread cutter but if it won't sew a decent straight stitch, then it isn't worth much to me."
"UGLY, LOOSE STITCHES?  HERE IS A POSSIBLE SOLUTION:  I had a panic moment when I first started sewing with it and the bobbin thread loops were loose, creating an ugly stitch.  I thought:  ""oh no, I received a lemon!""  Had I read the manual first, I would have realized there is an extra step in inserting the bobbin.  You have to pull the tread very tightly to get it to ""catch"" on the bobbin case arm.  I had looped it over the arm but hadn't pulled it tight to ""catch"", so it came off and I lost bobbin tension.  Thankfully, I had seen this before and was able to figure it out pretty quickly.  My other machine is a Singer and you don't need to pull the thread tight to ""catch"", so others might be confused by this too. Just an FYI.

Buy it!  It is fabulous.

I love the thread cutter!  I love the speed control (turtle speed!).  I love how fast it can sew!  I love how straight, fluid, and controlled the stitches are!  I love the ability to program stitch sequences!  I love how easy button holes are to sew (seriously, very easy)!  I love how spacious the sewing area is!  I love the accessories!

I've tested really thin to really thick fabric.  Sews beautifully each time.  One particularly thin material required stablizer to sew on my old machine. This machine had no problem sewing it without stabilizer.

Also, the manual states that you shouldn't remove the styrofoam from the hard cover.  By the time I had read this, the stryofoam was already laying around me in pieces.  Opps.  Moral of the story:  read the manually carefully before doing anything with this machine.

I took a chance by purchasing this used (listed in ""very good but repackaged"" condition) from Amazon Warehouse Deals when it less than 160 bucks.  Other people reported receiving dead-on-arrival machines buying from the warehouse. So far, mine is working really well and looks like it was never even used.

The only thing I'm worried about is that there is a slight ""clicking"" sometimes when starting a stitch.  Has anyone else experienced this?  Maybe I just need to switch to a new needle."
"I LOVE this machine! I read a lot of reviews before deciding to purchase this to help me start my home business. It arrived in only one day, was a breezed to set up, and sews like a dream. I'm doing French seams and blind stitch hems easily. The book that came with the machine is laid out well and makes it easy to find how to use the stitches and pressure feet. I love that you can sew without the foot pedal. I look forward to exploring all the different uses for this machine and highly recommend it for even a beginner. I think this machine takes care of the stitching and lets you concentrate on creating."
I am a amateur seamstress but so far it has met my expectations! I would certainly recommend it to anyone wanting to buy a sewing machine.
"Great purchase, waiting for winter when he has more time to sew, he's a mnt. man but he does a fine job in that dept."
"Boy was she surprised!  She had been sewing on a 30 year old sewing machine.  When she saw this one she couldn't believe all the things it did.  Plus, a bunch of needles, bobbins and accessories!"
Was too busy and have not really tried it except for straight simple stitch.  However the presentation ie casing and appearance of the products with so many accessories are definitely worth the price.
"My husband did research and bought me this sewing machine.  Honestly I had my eye on a different brand.  After receiving this machine I am so glad he bought this Singer.  It does everything I wanted and much more.  I love being able to finish a project without spending as much time working on the machine as I do sewing.  I highly recommend it to anybody who is looking to replace a machine that is giving you trouble, and Fall in love with sewing again."
"I ignored most of the negative reviews and bought this machine with the idea that if it didn't work, it went back and wouldn't be replaced.  The paperwork that comes with the machine advises purchasers to read the manual before attempting to use the machine -- great advice that will save lots of frustration and failure!  I didn't read it initially, by the way, and both my mother and I spent an hour loading thread on a bobbin, threading the spool of thread, and trying out the self-threader. Had we read the manual, we would have saved more time than reading the manual would have taken. I thought the self-threader feature wasn't working -- it was, the problem was my mother and I, along with poor instructions for using the threader. Instructions plus observing what happens when the needle is supposedly threaded will prevent a great deal of frustration.  A loop of thread is formed behind the eye of the needle when the self-threader is used and you need to pull this loop until the end of the thread has cleared the eye of the needle.  If you follow the instructions in the manual, I found that the threader worked 100% of the time.

The next hurdle was figuring out why the automatic sew feature wasn't working and the manual explained that if you plug in the foot press, the automatic sew feature doesn't work.  Had we read that first, we would have saved the ""eeek, the machine is broken"" belief.

The machine comes with just about every presser foot one would ever need, and I know that it came with presser feet that I'll never need, but maybe its next owner (after I die) may need those feet.  I have never owned a portable sewing machine because I once borrowed one from a friend (about 30 years ago) and absolutely hated it because it ""walked"" all over the table when I was trying to sew with it, and the straight stitches were not particularly uniform.  I was pleasantly surprised with this machine as it is heavy.  I was using it on my kitchen table which was covered by a slippery tablecloth and the machine stayed put while I was sewing.  The stitches were comparable to the beautiful stitches that my old Singer cabinet machine produces, which is saying a great deal because those old machines from the 20's, 30's, 40's, 50's, and 60's were not only heavy, but made gorgeous stitches.  My machine is a late 50's to early 60's and I have another machine that is a late 20's model -- both working, but what I really needed was a free arm machine to compliment my other machines as there are projects that are much more diffiult to do if the sewing machine isn't free arm (particularly projects that involve repairs on ready made clothes).

My sister is a commercial artist and does home sewing projects for extra money.  She has a line of products on her website that she makes to order for people.  My mother was impressed enough with this machine, that she is now going to order one for my sister as a combination birthday/Christmas present as my sister is using an old machine that does basically straight-stitching, so any personalization she does on her products, are done by hand.  This will save her time.  I can't wait for her to get hers.

The shipping was very fast.  I got the machine a day after it was supposed to have been received, but Amazon and the supplier can't be blamed for that.

I know that it will take me a rather long time to learn how to use everything this machine offers, but I think it will be time well spent.  Because I probably won't need all of the presser feet and won't be using all of the built in stitches, stitch patterns, etc. I could have bought a cheaper machine, but if I eventually decided that I wanted a machine that could do some decorative stritches, I would have had to buy another machine.  I figured that this machine was something that I could ""grow with"" if I wanted to take my sewing to higher levels than repairs and simple sewing projects. My mother owns a Pfaff and she wishes that she had bought this instead.  I had to abandon what I was taught in high school Home Economics -- the fact that Singer machines bobbins are loaded so that they move clockwise -- as this machine's bobbin load so that the movement is counter clockwise.  When the bobbin wasn't doing what it was supposed to do, that was another instance where I had to consult the manual.  When I decided to start using the machine, I thought to myself that at least I knew how to load the bobbin on it and didn't have anything to learn or remember there.  Wrong!

If you're looking for a machine to ""grow with,"" then I would recommend this one.  While it might not be suitable for commercial use, it is more than suitable for home or individuals who do sewing craft-type projects for home, or people like my sister who do sewing projects on a limited basis for sale."
"I have owned 4 singer machines and I have never had any problems
with them. My Great Aunt purchased her machine in the 1970's or the early
80's I cant remember for sure. She used it for a good 20 years before giving it
to me when she moved into a nursing home. I used it for another 10 years and
have now given it to my niece who is currently using it. I had it serviced once
just for a simple tune-up. I hope my new Quantum last as long as that one has."
"Nice machine , but i do wish there was a video to look at and see what it can do , I think it would be easier to operate . I find the instruction is a little hard to understand because the writing is so small."
"I totally Love my new Singer Sewing Machine. It has so many wonderful stitches and so many wonderful upgrades that most machines in this cost range don't offer and the quality is great! I only can say one thing bad that is very minimal, it jams when starting to sew a seam IF you don't hold on to the threads. I am going to try using the magic washers and see it that helps. Until then just hold the thread for the first one or two stitches and that's true for most any machine I have ever used.
I was also so amazed with the 9 automatic button holes and even has automatic bound button holes! I just had to do a dance over that one. I made two vests and the buttonholes were all perfect. I have been free motion quilting and played with the design stitches and the lettering. The only thing here would be to get them bigger but it's still so wonderful. The auto tension and needle threader and needle up or down position is super cool cant forget to mention those! And I love the start stop option rather than the foot controller. Thank you Singer and Thank you Amazon for offering such a great machine at a great price with free shipping too!"
Bought this machine as a upgrade to my brother that I have been sewing on for two years. Straight out if the box I noticed the needle threading system seemed difficult to operate. This problem continued to worsen and now doesn't work at all!! There are also problems with lower and upper thread tension. Most of the time it's the lower tension. Have tried to contact Singer by phone and email. There was no response to my email sent days ago. After spending 45 minutes on hold with 5 callers ahead of me I gave up!! Very poor customer service to say the least!!
"I paid $500 for this machine, at HSN a few years ago. This is a great deal... grab it quickly if you need a machine."
"I bought one for my daughter who has been sewing for years.  The second one was for my daughter-in-law who had never touched a sewing machine.  It is top of the line in my opinion. (I have also used the machine)  My daughter-in-law,who is just learning, is finishing her very first quilt.  She started to sew on, almost the slowest speed and and is finishing her first quilt on a little faster speed.  This machine is easy to thread the needle, thread the bobbin, automatic thread cutter, etc.  It has all the presser feet and more than even my experienced daughter has used yet.  I can honestly say, if I had another beginner to buy for, I would buy nothing less than this machine, plus it is so quiet.  None of my machines were ever this quiet, even when brand new.  I don't think you would be making a mistake to purchase this machine."
"All though pretty advance piece of equipment, it has capabilities that can make a novice person feel like a professional."
"Super easy to use, makes sewing so easy and smooth, I'm loving it!!! I'm a singer fan and this model is perfect!"
"Using this machine is simple, smooth, and enjoyable.  I am enjoying the extension and am delighted with the many different feet that arrived with the machine, more than I have ever used in the past.  I am looking forward to becoming familiar with each foot and using them all!
I purchased this machine because of value and brand name.  I was saving for another Pfaff, but could not pass up this tremendous deal when it was presented.
I am extremely pleased with this purchase. The shipping was quick and the product arrived in excellent condition."
Great sewing machine. It was easy to set up and was working great right out of the box. Recommend for beginner to veterans.
"Another 50 years to get through all those stitch functions but I am so loving this machine!! It is so quiet and fast! Stitches are perfect. I have had it since May but I am still getting used to it's digital screen. I haven't used the quilting table yet but it seems very sturdy. There is a sweet puppy stitch function that looks like my dog! I love it and all the other vehicles, butterflies and florals!  There is a wonderful array of useful sewing feet that I also look forward to using. I wish I had a better monologue to report but I can guarantee if you buy this machine, you will not be sorry! I will be making a blankie for my little niece soon so maybe I will be able to add some then. I guess I wasn't quite ready to make this purchase but when Amazon made it one of their ""Deal of the Day"" items, I couldn't pass it up! Even at it's regular price, it's a hard bargain to pass! I hope if you purchase this machine, you have as much fun with it as I have been having!"
"Okay, so I haven't used it as much as I have wanted to.  It took me a LONG time to figure out how to thread this thing, the instructions weren't the best (I am VERY beginner though, so I know nothing, lol!)  I had to watch some youtube videos to help.  Now that I have it all figured out, this sews really well and I like the auto part too.  I have a LOT to learn though!!"
"I got this machine to replace my computerized Singer that was no longer working well. It's a lovely machine with lots of bells and whistles, but it lacks some of the features I really loved on the last one. For instance, you have to untread it to fill the bobbin. It doesn't sew thick layers as well as the other one, and tends to be more sensitive with jamming. That said, I still love the machine. You have the choice of using the foot control or push button start and stop. Although I've been using the push button, it doesn't give me the same flexibility with speed as the foot control, so I will probably switch back. I've been using this machine now for 8 months. For the type and amount of sewing I do, it works fine. I mainly make clothes for my granddaughters and lots of Christmas gifts. I have made lines suits and formals in the past and would not hesitate to use this machine for any similar sewing needs. I do mixed media art, but just can't get up the courage to use my good machine on paper and metal, so if you want a machine for art purposes, I'm not sure how it would do. I think it would be fine for quilts."
"I needed a new sewing machine badly but hadn't had time to do a lot of research. I took a chance, because of the terrific price, and ordered. I was so excited when I started unpacking it, I immediately started testing the various stitches. It does everything I could have wished for. I also ordered the Hard Carrying Case but you don't need it as it has a cover which is not shown. I should have returned it but my 30 days have elapsed. I am very happy with my purchase of the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist.."
"Purchased this for my daughter and  she loves it.
It is very well made and easy to use.
It seems to have all the features that she needs and there are a lot more.
The price on Amazon was excellent and as Prime customers we had the machine in 2 days.

My wife has one of these same machines and she loves hers as well.
Highly recommended"
"This sewing machine is smarter than I am.  I grew up on the Singer Featherweight (the workhorse) so this one is a little too much plastic, but it works beautifully"
"I really love this machine I'm positive that I will not give this one away like I had given the previous 4 brand new machines away.
this machine is the ""Bomb."" I Love having a choice as to not to use the press a foot, because there is a button that can be used in its place."
"I bought this sewing machine back in Nov and have used it only twice.  Was real nice the first time, the second time I was sewing and the machine shut down, will not work at all.  Because I bought it several months ago, I cannot return it, so I will never order anything online again.  so frustrated."
I love my new Singer machine.  This sewing machine is so easy to use and produces a wonderful quality garment!
"I've sewed with a Singer Athena 2000 for 39 years and finally decided it was time to buy a new machine.  I'm a loyal fan to Singer but have read such poor reviews about their products so it was a leap of faith to stick with the same brand.

I can't say enough good things about this machine.  I've had the machine less than 2 months and am on my 2nd quilt.  I've used it many hours.  The machine is quiet, consistent and (although I've had to read the manual to figure out some of the features), it works well.  And there are many features to learn.  Top tip I've learned from another site.... make sure your needle is in the up position to use the automatic threader.  That is a great feature and just give yourself time to get used to it.  The thread cutter by just using a button is the best!  And you have the option of a foot pedal or use the push button to run the machine. The manual it comes with is well written and can help a lot.  My favorite features are the extension table that slides on and off, the digital read out that lets you know what/where you are the in the process, bobbin winder and storage in the front of the case.  The push button selection of stiches and the display on the screen showing what foot to use is wonderful.

Only a few times the bottom thread has tangled and after reading the manual, pulled off the cover, cleaned the bobbin holder, changed the needle and made sure to tighten the medal case down very well.  Runs like new.
Highly recommend this machine."
"I've had my machine for 3 months, and have made all kinds of things already.  It came with so many presser feet, but not a ruffler, a gathering foot or a pintuck foot.  I ended up buying these all separately.  And a twin needle.  I've had no major issues with it, though the tension on baste stitches is off, and the screw to hold on the various feet sometimes loosens. Compared to my old Singer, this one is pure magic.  After raising 3 boys, I have been thrilled to be able to sew for my first grandchild - a girl.  I've made quilt tops, pillows, skirts, and bibs, clothes & hats for the baby.  Next, I'm trying freehand embroidery.  I'm not so good with manuals, so I've found YouTube videos to walk me through everything.  There are some fantastic ideas all over the internet, and I've loved trying them out on my new machine! I got a great deal on Amazon, and would recommend both the machine and Amazon to someone interested in getting a new ""step-up"" machine able to do nearly anything you want."
"I love this machine. It came with 13 feet and lots of extra's. It was cheaper here than other places.  I quilt and have been having a ball putting together a quilt for my sister. It sews really well and I am having a great time with the letters and different stiches. The book that comes with it is very clear and I have had no trouble understanding the directions.  It has very clear instructions on the machine itself that help a lot when I am in the midst of sewing and forget to put the foot down. ha ha  I have had 4 other machines and except for the first one a  Singer (58yr old) the others had problems and fell apart.
This sewing machine has exceded my expectations since I had read the other reviews and was a little apprehensive.
Candy G."
"This machine is a dream! My aunt has one and I fell in love, so she surprised me with one of my own! Before I just had a basic sewing machine- nothing fancy at all. But this seriously sews like a dream! I am a quilter so all the decorative stitches are awesome! Has the functions to embroider names and such. The letters are small, but perfect for putting labels in the bottom corner of the quilt. The automatic thread cutter is SO handy! Some of the stitches are so cute! Including flowers, cars, Christmas lights, snowflakes, hearts, bikes, etc. I mean 600 stitches! Like wow! Also, I worked in a costume shop for a theater this year-- the one step buttonhole maker REALLY came in handy! Comes with a ton of different feet and the extension table. This machine is a dream! And I would recommend it to ANYONE! Super easy to use. User friendly. SO MUCH FUN! :)"
"I loved it the one time it worked. I sewed for a couple hours and it worked great. The next time I used it about halfway through sewing a heavy fabric project - 4 layers of fleece, it just quit. I took it to the Singer place and they said it probably had a timing issue and that they see a lot of these machines for that reason. Because I had it for such a short time I was able to return it to Amazon for a full refund. Love Amazon!"
"So glad I invested in this sewing machine. I bought it to replace and old sewing machine I had. This machine works great, love all the new features!"
"Easy to use and sews great.  The bobbin is very easy to load and the stitches look great. I wanted a machine that was simple to use but that also had plenty of stitches to choose from and this one fit my requirements.  So far, I have made curtains, pillows, repaired jeans and am currently making a ruffled bed skirt.  Have not found anything that I don't like about it yet."
"singer is a well known company, this machine does EVERYTHING! I'm going to do a lot of sewing for a long time."
"I was looking at another Singer it had 300 stitches and decided to compare prices on Amazon, I came across this machine and I have tried many of the different feet, and I must say that with all the bonus feet you get that alone is worth $100, and then having an extension table, an monograming, it is well worth the money and its a Singer!! comes with the best warranty in the business, Singer is a name you can trust."
I had just bought a kenmore for my wife when amozon had this 9960 on sale.  After reading the reviews I had to get one.  She loves it.
Great machine overall. I would say that I love it if it was not as slow as it is. It took me little time to figure out the machine. The thread cutter is awesome. It is  quiet as well. Great price for what you get!!
"This machine has more than I was expecting, easy to use,  Love my sewing machine. I recommend to any one who love to sew"
I am very happy with machine!  I have had a basic sewing machine for over 20 years and I was excited to be upgrading to an electronic model.
"I GAVE THIS MACHINE TO MY WIFE, HER SECOND ONE IN ABOUT 10 YEARS, HER PREVIOUS ONE WAS A BROTHER AND HAS ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES, SHE LOVED IT FROM THE GET GO, JUST GREAT MACHINE AS FAR AS MY WIFE TELLS ME, I'M JUST GLAD SHE LOVES IT AND I LOVED THE PRICE AS WELL."
We had a problem with our first but amazon sent us a new one and it is the best.  It's amazing what this machine can do.
Ichose to buy because of price. And all the extra feet. I will enjoy sewing again. I will tell other people about my purchase.
"Cons: The threader has a tendency of not threading the needle properly and sometimes takes a few goes.
After using the automatic thread cutter, it has a tendency of removing the thread from the needle which is very annoying when you're just cutting a thread and have to re-thread it after seeing the needle go up and down on the fabric with no other results to show for it. There are even times when I have to take the thread out completely and rethread the machine starting at 1.

Pros: wide variety of stitching styles with an option to vary thread tension and stitch size.
When automatic thread cutter and threader work, it is a beautiful thing.
Can vary if you want the needle to sew in the center of the foot or on the very left side."
I am a sewing machine junkie.  This was a daily deal and too good to pass up the price.  The machine sews like a dream and is now my favorite.
"I recently began creating fabric art -- an easier step than quilting. My old plain-Jane machine died. Not wanting to spend thousand's of dollars on a quilting machine, I was happy to find the Singer 9960 in my price range. The Singer brand has always been reliable. I'm having fun creating art, plus it works great for regular sewing. For a beginning quilter, this machine is perfect."
She loves it and her friends have been very complimentary. It is exactly what she wanted. I would recommend this machine for anyone.
"I am a novice on a sewing machine so I need all the help I can get.  This machine does just that.  It is just short of amazing.  I am very happy with the product.  In short, you throw the material at it and it sews what you want: well, not quite, but almost.  I promise you will love it."
"I've been machine sewing since I was seven. (That's a very long time ago!)  I usually have two machines and a serger or three sewing machines set up and in use at one time. I bought this machine about a month ago because it popped up as an Amazon Deal. So glad I did. I'd been wanting to give another machine a break. The other machine may get a permanent break.

I like that I can disconnect the foot pedal and just use the start/stop button. I can really multi-task.

If it comes up as a deal again I may buy another so I have one in reserve."
"I've been through several sewing machines. Hubby decided for birthday to get me a nice, computerized machine. So happy and can never go back. This machine stitches perfect. The buttonhole maker and stretch stitched amazed me when I seen how easy they were to use."
"I couldn't believe there was actually a sewing machine that got almost all 5 star reviews on Amazon so I checked other sites, too.  After ordering it I found out why.  It works perfectly and has so many attachments that I don't know if I'll ever use all of them!  I decided to take it slowly and learn one attachment a day.  So far so good.  I love how the needle threader actually works.  The bobbin is a bit inconvenient, but much better than any other machine I've ever had."
"When I got the machine, the needle wasn't lining up correctly, but was still sewing so I used it. Then, all of the different stitches stopped working. I called singer and the worker told me it was broken (really, I had no idea that it was broken, note the sarcasm) and singer couldn't help me. So I called amazon and they sent me a brand new machine with free shipping and free return of my broken one even though I missed my return/exchange period by a couple of days. I like the machine and the easiness of programming, threading, cutting, and stitching, but amazon wowed me! If you are buying this machine, only go through amazon, I was amazed by their customer service, and was shocked by the non-helpfulness of singer!"
"easy, incredible, power machine, which could make any types of operations. My mom was very happy when i bought it"
"My daughter is just starting to sew. Looked and researched several top brands, read reviews etc. $300 was the limit. I am a professional sewer and have several machines mostly industrial. Purchased 2 from local stores to test and returned them. Loved the new Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist (Blue Swirls..newest version). Has everything with it, nothing else to puchase unless taking to classes then advise roller case . Larger sewing area which is great. Heavier mach, still can take to classes tho. Sews great. Even I have been using it to sew up some quilts while teaching daughter. Tested all the different stitches and embroidery. Made two baby quilts and pillow cases. All sewed well. Embroidery is ok , better than the 2 other purchased by far. May end up purchasing a second one just for me. Great price for everything you get with it..love it.. love Amazon"
"I need to update my previous post (end of this paragraph below). While I did enjoy the new Quantum 9960 sewing machine, the first one jammed after 31 days. The second (replacement) machine jammed after 21 days! I immediately returned it to Amazon and received a partial refund! I challenged the $50 restock fee, stating there is no way Amazon could reshelve a broken machine! I bought a different machine (Brother) from a local store and they said they won't even take the Quantum for repairs because parts were impossible to obtain! Sorry, my star rating must drop to a zero or a 1!

I am a quilter and have been using a sweet little straight-stitch off-brand sewing machine for the past 20 years.  Not fancy, but it got the job done.  On a whim I bought this one. Singer Quantum Stylist 9960.  Loved it from the get-go, but noticed the stitching was ""off"", the stitches were not uniform.  After exactly 31 days, the system quit working.  Lights were on, cords plugged in, but no go.  After several attempts (on-off-on again, re-thread, etc) I gave up and called Amazon.  I was told that my warranty had expired on the 30th day, on Friday.  This was Saturday.  Bryan at Amazon was extremely helpful!  He not only put in a replacement order for me at NO CHARGE, he also assisted me with the return label so I could return the defective machine without additional charges.  My new system was due in 7 - 14 days.  It arrived at my door on Wednesday, 4 days later!  I cannot tell you how much I appreciate the quality customer service I received from Amazon.  It was definitely above and beyond anything I got from Singer!"
"I am a quilter and crafter and I am having so much fun with this machine.  After having standard sewing machines for 40 years, I can't get enough of all the special stitches and the ease of use.  It was very simple to learn the basics and I am slowly learning all the different things I can do now!"
First new sewing machine I ever purchased.  Great value for the sale price. Can anyone tell me if this can be mounted to a sewing table that lifts and tilts the machine when it goes into cabinet. I have an old table and do not see how to attach this machine to it
"the sewing machine runs great, all the different stitchs little boats, bicyles, flowers.  the machine even cuts the thread for you when your done with the seam.  luv it."
After the shock of learning to program the stitches I finally put the girl to the test.  She rocks!!! It has the power and speed I was looking for...
I really like the auto thread cutter and the needle up/down option.  It sews very smooth and is quiet.  I only wish the sewing extension table was larger. It's not much larger than the original surface.  I think you get a lot of options for the price.
I waited many years to purchase a new Singer Sewing Machine and am so glad I did.  The advancements in today's machines are remarkable and the ease of use is amazing.  The machine works so beautifully and after 7 months of heavy use continues to do so.  No more frustrating tension problems and so many wonderful features.  The auto threader actually works and nothing on the machine requires messy oiling.  The oversized table that comes with the machine is such a pleasure to use.
"I needed to know the input electrical requirements so that I would purchase the correct electrical converter for the machine's use in North Africa (Algeria).  To get the machine's requirements, I had to phone Singer Co.  I share the information here for you: 120v, 60htz, 0.62 amps.  I sent an email to info@VoltageValet.com (experts in figuring this stuff out), and they told me that Hybrinetics, Inc. sells the converter I needed (for Algeria) through Radio Shack.  The converter model I needed was 273-0361.  Hope this is helpful for anyone planning on gifting this machine to someone abroad.

VoltageValet told me: ""Your sewing machine requires a step down transformer (220-240V to 110-120V) to operate properly in Algeria. The transformer must be capable of handling a minimum of 75 watts (0.62A x 120V = 74.4W). We manufacture such a transformer that will handle up to 85 watts continuously, & it is sold at RadioShack as their model #273-0361. You can buy one at your local RadioShack store. This transformer will plug into the Algerian electrical wall outlet without requiring an additional adaptor plug, & your sisters-in-law will plug the sewing machine into the US receptacle on the opposite side of the transformer."""
"Bought the Singer Quantum in August of 2012, had a heart attack in October, so the machine had hardly been used.  In February it stopped sewing, lights were on but no sew.  Sent it to the repair center (Cost $42.00) they called and said it had blown a fuse which they would have to order.  Six weeks later it was returned.  Worked okay until June 2013 when it again blew a fuse.  To get it repaired I will have to send it to repair center again (another $42.00).
Called repair center and they told me the fuse board is so fussy that just having some other appliance like a refrigerator on the same circuit will cause the fuse to blow when the refrigerator starts to run.  I am ready to junk the thing.  Have had a Brother sewing machine for years and am very sorry that I ever bought this machine.  If you haven't had any trouble with your machine count yourself lucky."
"The machine was used for about an hour and it died. Would not stitch, just kept beeping. Thankfully I could return it for a refund."
This is my first sewing machine and I am overjoyed with the technology and precision. This is a must have. The options are endless.
"I was a little hesitant to buy this machine, thinking it would be too much for a beginner sewer like myself.  I hadn't used a sewing machine since middle school home economics class over 20 years ago.  When it arrived I sat down with the manual and just read it beginning to end, practicing each technique (winding the bobbin, threading, changing needles and feet, etc.).  After about an hour I was comfortable with the machine and in the month I've had it, I've completed nearly a dozen projects - baby blankets, clothes for my toddler, crib sheets, handbags, pillows, plush toys.  I've used sheer fabrics and faux leather and this machine has handled it all with ease.  I can't speak to how good this machine is for an advanced user, but it's definitely great and not too overwhelming for a beginner."
Great and so classy looking.  Very high end machine. Stitches are beautiful and it is so quiet. Glad I bought it.
"I have been looking for a back up machine in case I lose one of my regular machines. I was very impressed with all that this machine comes with & how it preforms. Have always spent thousands of dollars on my professional machines & was amazed on the low price of this Singer, thought I'd give it a try! FANTASTIC!  I'm even thinking of purchasing another one for my daughter!  Keep it up SINGER!"
I have yet to use this sewing machine but plan to sew soon.  Singer sewing machines have always been used by my family and I hope this one will be the same.  It arrived in a timely fashion.
"Took days to get in contact with Singer.  Long queue every time we called.  They stop call support at 4:00PM and hang up if you are in the queue.

They said return it to Amazon.  Amazon's return policy is for only 30 days.

So, now sent an email to Singer to ask what's next.  So far, not a big fan of warranty support or product quality."
"Singer hasn't had such a good reputation of late, but this machine has done a lot of damage control. It works very well and all the extras that come with it really make this machine a great buy. The number of stitches that it has is amazing. I had switched to Brother but took a chance on this Singer machine. I am so glad I did."
"I am absolutely enjoying this machine, it has all the bells and whistles. Been sewing since I was seven and this would be my third Singer. Quiet, easy to run, nothing it can't do. The best Singer I have ever owned."
"Great sewing machine for the price. Easy to use and lots of features. Plan on using to make window treatments, pillows and just basic sewing projects."
"I have already embroidered names, hearts, designs, adjusted to not using a foot pedal, and made the quilt topping. All in one evening.  Very easy to figure out. My only complaint is that the lettering is coming off the start/stop button."
"This machine is awesome, so easy to use. Can not believe the difference between this machine and my 17 yr. old machine, tremendous upgrade. Glad I decided to get it."
"I had read so many positive reviews about this machine that when I received an email from Amazon that it was on sale for only a few hours that day, I jumped at the opportunity to buy it. Am I ever glad I did!! What a great machine! It has so many extra features that cost 3 or 4 times as much with any other machine brand. It's smooth running and quiet and has a beautiful straight stitch. It has 600 deco stitches, which I'll probably never use because I'm exclusively a quilter, but they are there if I ever want to use them.

I could brag about this machine much more but just let me say...I'm thrilled with it and so glad I took advantage of the great offer from Amazon :)"
"I just love my new singer 9960. It is everything I thought it would be. It is so easy to use and if I have any questions, I just go to the instruction book and find the answer."
"It is even more that I expected!
I have had the machine for about 2 months... and have sewed with it almost every day!  I am so happy with it!"
"So I finally traded up from my basic bare bones Brother machine. I love the computerized functions, but am still getting used to it. It is a very quite and smooth running machine, with functions I never even dreamed of before. I am loving it."
"Quiet, sturdy, workhorse. This machine is amazing. I am a seamstress and recently upgraded from my more simple machine. You can't go wrong with electronic hand controls, automatic thread cutter button (saves time and thread waste) and all of the stitches! The overcast stitch with overcast preset toot creates beautiful finished edges. The presser feet that are included are what blow my mind... So many you can't fit them in the on board storage! (They get pricey as stand alone purchases).

Honestly, if price weren't a factor I'd even recommend this machine to a beginner. It will make you so much more efficient and standardized because of all the features. This machine makes sewing easy and enjoyable."
"The machine was sold as new but had clearly been a returned  The item was missing the manual, so I had to go online to read it.. The auto threaders did not work and the stitching was not consistent. I returned the machine."
"Since I got this great sewing machine, I have sewn almost everyday. Very happy with this sewing machine. Just sooo Happy I ordered it."
"I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she is now flowering me with everlasting attention.  This machine is really high tech and I got it during the daily deal and saved a ton.  This thing does everything.  She especially likes the larger front area and platform, so that she can sew larger, more bulkier items, without having to ""bunch"" it up as with the previous machine.  I like the ease at threading needles as I watch her and the many various and computerized patterns.  I, as a male, have never been excited about a sewing machine, but I am now seeing what this thing can do and I may take a stab at it if she allows me to.  Very well made machine at, once again, a ridiculously low price.  Thanks again Amazon!"
"The machine works great once we figured out that the feed dog adjustment screw was loose. The machine worked for a few minutes then stopped feeding fabric. I discovered that the height adjustment screw for the feed dogs was loose and the lock nut for the adjustment screw would spin loosely, causing the feed dogs to fall below the needle plate and not feed fabric through the sewing machine. I fixed it and did a short YouTube video showing how to fix it. Once the adjustment was made the machine is awesome and does more than I will ever do with the machine. Here is the YouTube video link for the feed dog adjustment: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3khJG7L_Tw"
"I HAVE SIX SEWING MACHINES IN MY SEWING ROOM.,AND THIS MACHINE IS MY BEST OUT OF ALL MY MACHINES.,I JUST LOVE THE THREAD CUTTING BUTTON IT MAKES IT EASY WHEN SEWING AT THE END OF A SEAM.,I HAVE ALREADY MADE TO LITTLE GIRLS DRESSES AND A BABY BLANKET., I ONLY HADE THIS MACHINE FOR A WEEK NOW AND I CAN'T STAY AWAY FROM IT.,IF YOU WANT A GREAT MACHINE THIS WILL BE THE ONE FOR YOU.,THANKS AMAZON FOR THE GREAT PRICE....."
"I love work horses, I'm not into the foo foo fancy stuff.  Did that years ago when I was suzie homemaker and made my childrens clothes and my husband's suits.  But this machine is really really nice. It's pretty fast, at least as fast as you going to get with anything electronic. I'm spoilt with the automatic thread cutter.  Never thought much about it, but when I have to use the workhorse machine I sure do miss it.  It's easy to use the different stitches.  Haven't used the lettering yet. It goes through thick or thin material, no problems with going through double layer thick elastic with 4 layers of polyester material. Very satisfied with this purchase"
"I have several sewing machines.  Some Singer, some other brands.  For the money, this is an excellent machine.  I could have spent 4x as much on a different brand that will do basically the same stitches.  So far, it works great."
"I use this machine in my every day sewing projects as well as special projects.  I love to hand make Christmas gifts and this machine makes it possible to do the job quickly and with ease.  I have used a Kenmore machine for years and have loved it, but this machine has special features that make the job easier, like the auto thread cut.  I absolutely love this feature.  It saves on wasting thread, and I save time not having to clip thread strands.  It's a breeze to choose stitch settings and edit the settings.  I like the foot feature.  I am assured of using the right foot for the stitch I have chosen to use.  The fact that this machine doesn't jam at the beginning of sewing a seam is worth it's weight in gold.  It saves so much frustration.  What ever project I do with this machine comes out looking professional and beautiful."
I like the feel and the sound.  I like the ease of use  and I love the auto thread cutter.  Oh the little things.
"I have had many machines over the years starting with a hand me down singer. I changed to others but had different problems along the way. Going back to a singer is a great choice.  Had no idea how much had changed.
Easy to use, a great enlarged sewing area, & a self threading needle for these ""older"" eyes. Thanks for the great machine at a affordable price!"
"I really enjoy my new machine that i purchased from Amazon. This machine is a work of art, it does everything that i have tried. The bobbin is very simple to wind. it will cut the thread when you finish a seam. i love the botton hole maker. The lighting on the machine makes it really easy to see. i just really enjoy using it every day. The price was much cheaper than the same machine that I could have purchased locally. I ordered it on a Wednesday and it was at my door in perfect condition by noon on Friday."
"Sometimes I can go on and on, so here's my synopsis right up front so that you don't have to read my meanderings... This is a wonderfully easy machine to use, even for a beginner. I bought this model after extensive research and couldn't be happier. Rating: 5 Stars.

After reading the instructions, I had the machine ready to go and was practicing stitches in no time. After a couple of hours a day of practice, for three days, I was started mending every garment in the house that needed hems altered, new buttons, or just split seams fixed. By then I felt ready to actually construct something.

We have a wood arbor on our deck that has a cloth awning. The cloth thins and fades terribly after 3 or 4 Colorado high country summers. It's not been a big deal to get a new awning until now. The original manufacturer is out of business and I haven't been able to find a replacement to fit our arbor's pyramid shaped top.

Thanks to YouTube and some DIY websites, I used the old awning to fashion a pattern to use with new outdoor fabric. Having never sewn before, it was a sometimes daunting project, but the ease of this machine helped my confidence greatly. Using the machine's guide on the inside cover, I was able to match the stitching used on the old awning and even found it easy to quickly learn ""overcasting"" the seams' edges to give them strength.

A more experienced sewer probably could have whipped the awning out in just a day, compared to my week, but I doubt they could have done a much better job. I am thrilled with the results and credit this machine for the positive experience. Look at me! I can make things!

Now it's onward and upward to one of the main reasons I purchased this specific make and model: Quilting. I'll update my review if the machine fails to meet any quilting related expectations, but I'm feeling pretty darn good about this gem of a machine and all it does. Whether you're new to sewing or experienced, I think you will too.

My one piece of advice for you is to watch the price for a while before and after buying. I was amazed to see a price drop of $80 two days after my machine arrived. Amazon has a price match policy that's good for 7 days after the date of delivery, so I simply called and received an immediate credit. Since then, the price has gone back up, but I'm betting you can catch a deal too if you pay attention. Happy sewing!"
"Love, love this sewing machine. So happy that I purchased it. Much cheaper on Amazon than in the store. If you are thinking about buying it just do it you won't regret it."
"I have used the machine for several months and want to say that it is VERY user friendly!  It came with bonus attachments that I have already used!  I sewed some VERY thick upholstery fabric--through multiple layers--and it did not skip a stitch.  I am an experienced seamstress and highly recommend this machine.  The reasons I did not give it 5 stars is (1)the fact that Singer has downsized the manual with smaller print and it is not as detailed as the one previous Singer machines included, and (2)a few of the accessory feet seem to be of lesser quality than my previous Singer.  Glad I had the old ones!"
So far so good its a great product. We are a family of 6 and we have a lot of fixing to do and Its much faster with this!!
"I love this machine! There is no comparison to my 35 year old Kenmore. I am so glad I decided on this machine. I am still learning all it can do, but love what it can do so far. It makes completing projects easier and faster. Love all the feet it came with."
"I updated my sewing machine that was 40 years old (Viking), and I cannot believe all the features this machine has.  I've used it for straight stitching so far and love the needle threader, thread cutter, and not having to use a foot pedal.  My next project will include a monogram, so I will be learning how to use the 600 computerized stitches.  I am definitely glad that I chose this brand and this model."
"love it!  It was time to upgrade my sewing machine and I have been very satisfied with this machine.  Love the letter functions, extension table, auto thread cutter, and speed control.  It comes with a bunch of different feet and other stitches, but I haven't really used them yet...  (It came with a walking foot and quilting/darning foot.  I already had these and do use them all the time.)"
"I have only started using my quantum but I love it so far! I was amazed at how many attachments it came with, I'm so glad I bought it."
It's a wonderful Sewing machine! I would order it again and again. It runs smooth and it's super quiet. It cuts your thread for you and easy to figure out. Well worth the money!
Could not be happier with it!  Does everything I hoped for and more.  Only thing I'd change - Wish there was a little more storage room for the accessories.
"I quilt all the time, and have been using a Brother that drove me crazy.  Everyone said buy a Janome; so I did.  Liked it but....  Then this showed up on sale and I KNEW I needed to bite the coin and spend.  My first machine was a Singer, 1974, and I never had a problem, finally passing it down to my daughter.  The machine arrived and I'm SO glad I purchased it.  I love it, love it, love it.  Best purchase I've made in a long time."
This does everything I need and more. I've been a Singer person for 45 years and this does everything I need and comes with feet I've never thought about using.
"I was very impressed with all the extra presser feet. I have used most of them by now and they make my normal tasks much easier and faster. For example, sewing on bias tape.

That being said, I feel it's a good machine for beginners who know they will use it. Don't buy this machine if you don't know if you will like sewing. But sooner or later if you buy a cheaper machine, you will probably want a better quality machine, like this one. So if you know you like to sew... this is a great buy! Very easy to learn on.

The machine seems to be well made. I've used it everyday for a couple months now. I haven't had any trouble with it.

I'm so happy I went ahead and bought this machine. It's perfect for me. I sew just about everything."
"Bought this last year, works excellent! The ease of threading the needle, the functionality, love everything about it.  I was new to sewing, and this machine has literally one of the best product manuals ever.  Tells you what each stitch is for, when to use it, etc.  I'm very happy to have invested in this machine!"
"I purchased this machine here on Amazon because it was the BEST price of anywhere else, and because the reviews were so good...I wanted to make an investment that will LAST.
So far, all indications are that this will be passed down after I'm gone. And now that I've had it a while, it truly is one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon.

This beauty includes 18 easy changing presser feet, is pretty fast, and very quiet.
I figured one could pull it out of the box, set up, and go.
Let's just say I was slightly overly confident.
A bit of study and THEN I was up and running. Threading was easy, instruction manual guides you right through.
More stitch options than most mere mortals will ever need.

It plows through leather, denim, and multiple layers, just take it slow."
"Right out of the box, the machine was skipping stitches. The decorative stitches are loose, crooked, and look awful compared to my previous Singer. Adjusting tension did nothing but make the stitches unidentifiable. Even using a straight stitch, the stitches were different sizes and the line would go crooked. The fact that it couldn't perform the most basic stitch with any sort of consistency was ridiculous."
"This machine is fabulous. I unpacked it and read the directions. In under an hour I was sewing with it. I haven't had time to try all the bells and whistles, but I am smitten. One of my favorite features so far is the simple bobbin winding and threading. Another fabulous feature is the ability to sew with a press of a button - don't have to use the foot peddle at all! I got a fantastic deal on this machine and am so happy I acted when I did. There are a number of reviews and you-tube videos on this machine which may do a better job of covering the many features this offers."
"UPDATED JUNE 17, 2013:
TENSION ADJUSTMENT:  So simple to adjust, and so many adjustment settings available to get the very best setting for tension.  Now that I have used the machine for one month, I've had several occasions where I needed to adjust the tension.  The default setting is individually set for each and every stitch so that is nice.  But each individual stitch also has the tension adjustments available and these setting are very fine and minuscule and very easy to set so that finding the best setting for the fabric and stitch is easily possible.

FOOT TENSION:  I find this machine has excellent foot tension.  Better than any machine I have ever used.  The fabric feeds right through and there is very little ""swaying"" of the fabric.  I hardly have to help guide it.  It's terrific.

QUILTING:  I used several decorative stitches to top stitch 4 placemats.  Stitching looked great.  I would like to mention, I'm not really sure about this yet, but I do think some of the decorative stitches skipped some stitches.  I did some testing and noticed this.  I'll have to update my review when I have made a definite conclusion on this with more testing.

AUTO THREADER:  Still haven't got the hang of this yet.  I know it is probably just me.  But then again, I've never had a problem threading my needle so it's not a big CON for me.  But my Brother SE400 had a very efficient threader.

QUIET AND SMOOTH:  Maybe this isn't as quiet as my SE400 but it's quiet.

MY ORIGINAL REVIEW FROM MAY 2013
I've been sewing for almost 50 years and have owned (and given many away) 8 machines.  THIS ONE EVEN OUT-DOES MY BROTHER SE400 (I still love) that I purchased 18 months ago (while they were $299).  I'll be using this 9960 most of the time and use my Brother SE400 for embroidery.

The 6 minute video here at Amazon tells it all!  There are a few videos to help learn more about this machine, but really it is easy to use right out pf the box.

Here's just a few of the my highlights of this solid, good machine (fabulous machine for the price!!!!) (although there are so many PROs and I cannot, at this time, find any CONs.

Presser feet low-shank:  THIS MACHINE COMES WITH SO MANY! Over the last two years I've been buying pressure feet to add to my collection as I have recently taken up quilting.  The combined purchase of these feet cost as much as this machine. It is low shank so my (duplicate) purchased feet also fit this machine.

Bobbins:  I bought a BOX of pre-wound bobbins (for my Brother SE400) about a year ago and am thankful they FIT THIS MACHINE.

Button-hole foot:  This design holds the fabric stable allowing the sewing of a perfect button hole.

Tension Adjustment:  So simple to adjust, and so many adjustment settings available to get the very best setting for tension, (although I have not had to adjust it yet, as I've only used it for 3 days now).  I'm sure it will come in handy when using the decorative stitching to get very best clean and accurate even stitches.

Decorative Stitches:  I've tested many of the decorative stitches (so many to choose from).  They are very clean and neat with the default tension setting, but will require tweaking tension adjustment when I do top quilting I'm sure, as I want them to be meticulous, and the tension adjustment will make that possible.

Needle Threader:  The needle threader is a little tricky, but I know I will get it soon.

THREAD CUTTER.  This feature saves me so much time.  No matter what I sew, there always seems to be a hundred thread to cut.  Even though my SE400 has a thread cutter, it only cuts the bobbin thread (which I found very helpful).  But this 9960 cuts the BOTTOM AND TOP!  This feature will save me many many hours of cutting over the coming year!

Quilting:  The spacing on the inside of the table and the top of the machine is 6 inches wide and 5 inches tall.  This is 1 inch taller and 1 inch wider than my Brother SE400 and will give me more space to roll my quilting projects while I add the decorative top stitching.

Light:  So wonderfully bright with two lights.  I have 3 lamps near my sewing machine (as well as an overhead light and a window for sunlight).  I cannot have enough light to sew.  So the added light aboard this machine is a plus.

Quiet:  Quiet and smooth!

Instruction Book:  The book is a handy 6x8 inches.  It is laid out well and I can find what I want very quickly.  I also download the book in pdf so I can quickly search what I'm looking for (go to singerco.com)

I got this machine for $249 on Amazon Daily Deal.  I am so very, very happy with this machine."
"I have not started to use my machine yet as I am studying the book first. Short of making me a cup of tea I think it is rather impressive. This is the best mother's day present I have bought myself in a long time.
I love it . One of my colleagues said she thinks of buying one herself."
"I love the Singer 9960, it does so much. My other singer machine was 10 years old, it was time for a new one."
"I am using this machine and I couldn't want for more.  All works well,GREAT IN FACT,  I love the thread cutter.  This
sewing machine really makes my quilting even a greater joy."
"I have been sewing for 40 years and this machine has brought back the joy to sewing!  My favorite features are the thread cutter and the automatic threading.  Saves me tons of time!  Stitching is even, easily controlled, and fits most any task I can come up with.  The manual could be a bit more helpful.  Programming the different stitches took a little time at first.  Makes beautiful buttonholes once I figured it out!  As a long time seamstress who sewed for the public, I would give this a very high rating."
I am enjoying my new sewing machine with all the special presser foots! Quilting is a breeze with this! Amazing!
"Bought this as a gold box deal, chose free shipping and received it the next day! Haven't sewn in about 30 years but need a hobby so I'm giving it a shot. So far I've got it set up and sewn a few straight lines. Much to learn here."
"This thing just does everything.  I just gotta sit there and push buttons!  I grew up on the foot pedal and thought I wouldn't use the button, but it's so easy and the feet glide the material along.  Only using good thread so don't have to worry about tension...and all the presser feet attachments...wow, well worth the investment!"
"It sews nicely. But the only problem I am facing is the bottom does not sew well, sometimes when it sews it looks like a towel then it will jump and sew nicely afterwards. It seems it needs some adjustment. I will appreciate if you can tell me how to adjust it. Because it is a  computerized machine, I don't want to mess with it.  Thank you."
"I am replacing a 40 year old Singer prototype free-arm. I was skeptical of a new, possibly flimsier Singer, but I am very pleased with the service that I have gotten out of it so far. The electronics have turned out to be very handy and even though I got my old one fixed, I use this one exclusively."
"My gal needed a new machine and thought this would be fun. Its completely usable as a sewing machine in the old school way; but you pay a lot for the computer like stuff it does. ANd she's never used any of that cause the user interface is a little to ""VCR"" to really be programmable. That being said, if you love gadgets it's a fun toy, but I'd definitely not get another one."
"So far I absolutely love this machine! I'm a beginner and have been trying to teach myself to sew on my mom's old Singer Slant-O-Matic from the 1960s (which is a great machine and still runs fine, but there are so many little quirks about getting it to stitch correctly that it's frustrating to a beginner). After using the Quantum Stylist for only a few minutes I was amazed at how easy sewing can actually be! As other commenters have mentioned, this machine also comes with a white, hard-plastic dust cover (with a compartment where you can keep the manual) and a few other extras Amazon didn't list. With all the features this machine comes with, this price is a bargain. The automatic needle threader works great, but it's not ""automatic"" in the sense that it's computerized; it's just a manual lever you pull down that pokes a pin through the eye of the needle and grabs the thread to pull it through.  It took me a few tries at first but once I figured out how it worked, I get the needle threaded every time (just have to make sure the pin is all the way through the eye of the needle). Also, the automatic thread cutter (which is a computerized button) is really convenient, but will only cut both top and bobbin threads when the needle is in the ""center"" position. If the needle is to the left or right, the thread cutter will only cut the bobbin thread. But to make up for this, there is a manual thread cutter on the side, so you still don't have to search for your scissors when finishing a seam. My machine arrived Friday and I've already completed several sewing projects in the last 4 days with different thicknesses of fabric. One of my projects included 2 layers of cotton fabric, 1 layer of medium-weight interfacing, and 1 layer of batting and the machine sewed the seams smoothly and without issue (this was using a universal, regular point, 90/14 Singer needle and the walking foot that came with the machine). Another plus is that the motor is quiet. The buttons make a loudish beep when pressed, but the manual shows you how you can turn that beeping off.

I know I've only owned the machine for 4 days, but it seems to be made well so I hope to get many years out of it. If you decide to buy this, I encourage you to read the manual before using! I read a lot of the comments on here before I bought, and after buying I noticed that a lot of ""problems"" people reported were answered in the manual. Don't be a dude, just read the instructions! :)"
"My husband bought this machine for me last January 2012 as an anniversary present. Paid closer to retail but so far has been totally worth it and a steal at this price!  I am not a pro at sewing but know my way around a basic machine and have owned Singers (2 prior) over the past 35 years. This by far is convenient (needle threader is automatic - saves my eyes!) built in thread cutter (no need to reach for the scissors!) and the light is bright enought to sew in the dark if you want too!  With all the conveniences over my old machines, I've spent a lot more time sewing this past winter. I've completed two patch-work quilts - my first ever and friends/family think they are beautiful!  If for no other reason, buy this for yourself or your mom and have fun creating something neat and original!"
"This sewing machine is great as long as you take quantum uncertainty into account. Since it's a quantum sewing machine, it has a disturbing tendency to disappear when you put it in a box. Perhaps a better name would have been Schrdinger's Sewing Machine.

Also, since the stitches it creates are quantum stitches, they have a tendency to spread out in a wavelike pattern. Depending on the size of the thread, you might notice an interference pattern of light and dark bands as adjacent stitches tend to experience quantum interference.

Apparently the quantum nature is based on the way the sewing machine is computerized. The manufacturer isn't specific about this, but I suspect they are using a quantum computer. Since quantum computing technology is pretty new, at times the quantum effects bleed over from the computer into the real world.

Bottom line: don't put it in a box after opening it, and use quantum resistant thread to prevent the interference bands in the stitches. Most thread is macro enough to be quantum resistant, but extremely fine thread, say below 100 nanometers in diameter, will probably show quantum effects."
"I have been sewing for 35 years.  I am not a professional but I do sew and mend a lot.  I have a Pfaff that I bought 35 years ago and it finally quit sewing a beautiful stitch.  I had it repaired and tuned up, but it still was acting up.  I considered a new baby lock, which is a great machine.  But at 3 times the cost of this Singer Quantum, I decided to give it a try.  Today it is the Gold Box deal of the day, discounted even more.

I have only had the machine for 11 days, but so far it seems to do a great job.  It definitely is not the quality of my 35 yr old Pfaff, but it will probably give me many years of great use.

If you are looking for a good quality of machine, you might want to look at this one.  It has quite a few of bells and whistles that I may not use, but there if I need them.  I feel that this a great buy compared to what is out there."
"Reciepient loves the machine.

The only complaint I have is directed more at Amazon rather than the product.  Amazon paired a Singer Universal Hard Carrying case with this product, which I ordered along with the machine.

The problem is that this particular machine already comes with a built-in handle AND a plastic cover that sits on top (the handle pops out through the opening in the cover sleeve making it perfect for covering/storing/protecting and/or carrying)!!!

Why in the world does Amazon sell you a cover/carrying case for an item that already comes with one????

I am sure the margin on this item is tiny so profit can be ruled out as a motivator.  I don't think they have staff that manually sift through their thousands of products in order to pair them - if they do, it is a reflection of sloppy work on that staff's part.

The only reasonable explanation I can think of is that Amazon's computers use some kind of an algorithm to mass pair products.  I am sure the algorithm works great 9 out of 10 times.  But this may be the 1 out of 10 where it fails!!  They need to fine tune the process so unsuspecting customers DO NOT end up buying redundant items.

A friend with an older machine that didn't have the a carrying case took it saving me the trouble of having to return the product.

Love Amazon and have been an Amazon shopper for a long time."
"Wasn't sure which machine to buy-was torn between this one and the one that had 1000 stitches (supposedly).  I'm glad I chose this one...I haven't used a machine for a long time-but compared to the old metal kenmore I used to use (1970's model) and the less expensive brother model I later replaced that one with....this one beats them all hands down.  it is making even a rookie like me feel confident and I'm already sewing away like a pro (and that's some feat for any machine to accomplish) :-).  Has a bit of weight of to it due to metal construction of its inside skeleton, so it stays nice and solid on the sewing table.  Very quiet.  Just love it.  I like a lot of lighting in the sewing area so I still use a focused lamp on the sewing table, but even without it, the onboard lighting is actually quite good.  I love that it comes with the walking foot and all the other feet as well.  I wanted it for quilting and I am delighted with the way it performs."
"THE MACHINE IS QUIET AND SEWS SMOOTHLY, IT IS NOT EASY TO THREAD OR  THE WINDING OF THE BOBBIN. IAM SURE IN TIME I WILL GET THE HANG OF IT."
"I did a lot of research before I made my purchase - consulted internet sites for specs and reviews and even found a U-tube HSN thorough demo of the machine which was helpful since I could see and play with this machine in person before purchasing.  It was well over $600 on HSN (I paid $329).  As soon as I unpacked this beauty, I took an entire uninterrupted day to read, review, and test the stitches, make sure I understood what all the gazillion feet and attachments were for and how to use them to make sure I was going to keep the machine.  I have been sewing nearly 50 years (since I was 7) so I was no stranger to sewing machines.  There are several features I really like about the new machine and a few that I am a little leery about.  First, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the thread cutter feature.  Press the button and the machine locks the last stitch and cuts the thread - SHORT! Ready to start sewing again? Just start sewing!  No more pulling and holding tails of thread....no more wasting thread by cutting off tails.  Great time saver!  Another really nice feature is that there are two lights - one right over the needle and another to the right to help light the area of the ""throat"" of the machine.  The next great feature is the ""auto run"" feature.  Un-plug the foot pedal, set the speed you want and hit the start button.  The machine begins the first 6-8 stitches slowly to give you a second to ""get ready"" then it comes up to the speed you set and continues a consistent speed until you stop it.  This is awesome for my machine quilting.  I don't have to concentrate on keeping my foot pedal going at a consistent speed while also moving my quilt project around.  Love that!  Plus the extension table came with the machine and so did a nice hard cover case that just sits down over the machine and acts like a dust cover when not in use.  The handle of the machine comes up through the case then when you want to take it on the go.  One more thing that I like is that this machine is MADE IN AMERICA.

The couple things that I am suspicious of (but time will tell) is that you cannot open the machine at all.  It says that the LED lights will last for years but that the machine requires servicing when they do need to be replaced. (hmmm?) Also, that the machine never needs lubricating. (hmmm?)  And, there are only 4 authorized service facilities in my state - none of which are in my city!
I did have one problem with the machine right off the bat which had me deflated......In playing and practicing with all the available stitches, I lowered the feed dogs to machine quilt.  When I was done, the dogs would not come back up.  Removed the throat plate and found an obviously loose piece of the inside area behind the bobbin casing.  After two separate (long) calls to the Singer 800 number (call center reps don't know the slightest thing about helping you trouble shoot a problem), they told me to take it for service (Um, NO, this is a brand new out of the box machine) or return it to Amazon.  Well, my husband was able to tinker with it and figured out that a small hex nut had just not been locked down properly.  Once he tightened it down, the feed dogs came right up and I have been sewing up a storm without incident since then.  Had he not fixed that tiny thing though, this might have been a very different review.  Overall, I love the machine loaded with features, stitches and accessories for a great VALUE price when you compare to other $500 - $1000 machines."
"This machine is fantastic.  It has a nice weight to it, the stitches are percise, many accessories were included.  Loved it so much, with in two days, bought another one and had it sent to my sister, another one who loves to quilt"
"I haven't sewn in 20 years...decided to start and bought a cheap model...Sat in box two year....used for two weeks...and upgraded to this...I couldn't wait to use it....SEW easy to use ...(:  it comes with dust cover ....glad I didn't order the case..Well worth it.. another thing - with my last machine my husband would wake up and say "" ya know you are gonna give our kid nightmares..listening to that during her sleep...it was Loud.....this one...is quiet enough to talk on the phone too..love love love the self cutting and no foot petal option....Not to mention not having to do any guessing on the tension setting..."
"Love it and enjoy all of the different features.  Easy to use.also very quiet even sewing at high speed, amen"
"SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine is very good.
There are many patterns. How to use is simple."
the machine would not work and i sent it back I AM KEEPING THE FIRST ONE PLUS I ALSO HAD TO HAVE THIS ONE LOOKED AT AS IT WAS MAKING SOME CRAZY SOUNDS
"I bought this sewing machine for my wife. She loves it. It is far superior to the Walmart special she had before. The $200 Walmart machine she had before constantly would jam and the thread would break. This new singer run flawlessly and has way more options. You know what they say ""happy wife, happy life""."
Great machine and great price. I never knew how easy it would be to quilt with a machine before. I would recommend this to any one that wants to machine quilt. My first sewing machine was a singer......glad to be back!
"I READ SO MANY REVIEWS FROM AMAZON, PATTERN REVIEW, AND OTHER PLACES ON THIS MACHINE, I FINALLY ORDERED THIS MACHINE AND COULD HARDLY WAIT FOR IT TO ARRIVED, FINALLY GOT HERE , I HAD EVEN DOWNLOADED THE MANUEL BEFORE THE MACHINE CAME SO I COULD STUDY ON HOW TO OPERATE THE MACHINE. THIS MACHINE MAKES SUCH BEAUTIFUL STITCHES AND IT'S SO SMOOTH AND QUITE. AND THE SCREEN IS NICE AND BIG THAT YOU ARE ABLE TO READ IT WITHOUT HAVING TO SQUINT YOUR EYES. THE LETTERING IS NICE AND CLEAR. THE MACHINE IS NICE AND STURDY, AND OH MY, THE ATTACHMENTS ARE ALL YOU NEED TO GET STARTED. I ORDERED THE FRINGE, RUFFLER, PIN TUCK ATTACHMENT FOR LATER USE. I MADE PILLOW COVERS AND THE CAME OUT SO PRETTY, I DECORATED THE PILLOWS WITH DIFFERENT DESIGNS. I LOVE MY MACHINE AND HOPE TO HAVE MANY YEARS WITH THIS MACHINE. WHEN A MACHINE LASTS FOR YEARS, THEN YOU CAN COUNT ON IT BEING A GOOD MACHINE, WHICH IS WHAT I THINK WE ALL LOOK FOR IN A MACHINE, BESIDES THE GOODIES THAT COME WITH SEWING ON A MACHINE. I HAD A KENMORE THAT I BOUGHT IN 1992, AND IT'S STILL RUNS GREAT, NEVER HAVE HAD TO TAKE IT IN FOR REPAIRS, SO I'M HOPING THE SAME FOR THIS SINGER 9960. AND REVIEWS THAT I'VE READ, SOME PEOPLE HAVE HAD THEIRS FOR SOME YEARS AND STILL LOVE THEIR MACHINE, SO WE'LL SEE."
"This machine has so many features, it is mind boggling. I could spend all day playing with them. It even has ""cruise control"" Many features for the money. It sews like butter."
"This is a powerful sewing tool! The manual explains things pretty well. I would prefer that English be in one part, Spanish and French in their own sections, but it was still clear just the same. I printed it out online and read through it before the machine arrived. My printout was larger and more readable (just a heads up if you have ""old eyes""). The machine is very intuitive and easy to move through the stitch patterns and to personalize them if you wish. The amount of presser feet included in this machine is just amazing, and most are optional accessories with other machines. I don't foresee needing to find any other feet. It sews like a dream - the stitch quality really is perfect. I like that when you bring up the stitch pattern on the screen you can change the tension, length and width all from the same area. The only thing that I thought was odd was where the adjusting screw is to balance some of the pattern stitches if they need to be opened up or closed more (it's on the BOTTOM of the machine). Why that got put there makes no sense, but it is what it is. At least you have the ability to correct a pattern if it needs to be changed on certain fabrics. Once you know how the function buttons work and what they control the rest is easy. The stitch patterns included have a wide range of uses. Not sure why there is a Russian alphabet?, but I knew ahead of time that I'll never use all of the stitches on this machine, but there are so many that I will! I'm going to purchase a  carry case for this machine. The cover is nice, but it won't protect the machine if you intend to have this be portable for classes and such. The cover is fine if you have a place at home to leave your machine set up and have it stay there. Use a surge protector with this machine and that should help to protect the computer board. This machine feels ""solid."" A real plus for me is the amount of room that is given for your hands to work in front and to the left of the needle. I don't feel like I'm working off the edge of a cliff. I haven't even used the extension table yet, but I know it will be wonderful for quilting. I really like that the stitches I'll use most have their own buttons. The needle threader is basic, but it works well. If you are sewing with a finer needle you'll need to thread the machine by hand or you'll damage the threader.

I love to sew and there have been some amazing things happening in the world of sewing these past few years! I'm not ready to spend thousands of dollars on a sewing machine (just not into machine embroidery), but this Singer has features that are usually found in the more expensive machines. The thread cutter is wonderful!

As noted before: use a good quality thread, a class 15J bobbin and Singer needles. Why specific needles? The scarf on a machine's needle is meant to work with the hook on the machine's shuttle, so it's best to use the needle that has a scarf engineered to work with your machine's shuttle hook. If you do use other needles then listen very carefully for the sound of a metal ""click"" - if you hear that sound then change your needle immediately because those needles will damage your machine.

I put the extra presser feet and foot holder that were included with the machine in a separate small plastic case since those pieces are designed to work together. It just saves having to second guess myself later trying to remember which foot goes on what holder.

Thanks, Amazon! Again your delivery service is outstanding. My machine arrived in less than 24 hours. Amazing!

One of the reviewers of this machine was upset about having some of the presser feet be clear plastic. I wouldn't worry about them. I've got an old Singer from the late 60s/early 70s that has some clear plastic feet and they have lasted all of these years and remain in like new condition. There are times when having a clear foot is an advantage to your field of vision. There a few clear plastic presser feet, but they are marked with red measuring lines and would probably be more difficult to see if they were marked on metal. They're just fine.

I'm really happy with this machine. It's more than I had anticipated it would be. Machines like this will help to make Singer more competitive in the sewing market again. I have a new grandson to sew for and I love the little patterns for the plane, car and the boat. To be able to combine those little patterns with words is going to be even more fun!

I read all of the reviews on this machine - good and bad before I decided to buy one for myself. I know from experience (I was trained at Pfaff back in the 80s) that 99% of all sewing problems are directly related to the needle (damaged, wrong size or style), thread (old thread, get rid of the cheap thread!!, rethread the machine from the beginning with the presser foot UP and try again), the machine needs to be cleaned, or operator error. Don't get mad at the machine if all of a sudden you've got loopy stitches, check your threading and your needle. Learn to figure out what's wrong before you automatically assume that the machine is ""broken"" or ""doesn't work."" Your machine can't talk and doesn't have any other way of telling you that something is wrong.

This is a really nice machine and I'm happy with what I've seen so far. I do believe this machine is better suited to someone who has more sewing experience than someone who is just beginning. I think this machine could be overwhelming to someone just learning to sew.

4/18 - I suggest that you purchase the Dritz or Brother 1/4"" patchwork foot which has a wider footprint for these wider feed dogs. The foot that is included with this one is too narrow to be as effective as it should be. I swapped it out last night to see if the foot I use with another machine was compatible and it worked so much better. I also just moved the straight stitch pattern to 5.5 on the width setting using the basic presser foot and that worked perfectly fine, too. The feed dogs on this machine are wider to accomodate the 7mm width stitches, and the straight stitch foot that was included should have had a wider ""footprint."" It's a minor thing considering you can just keep the regular presser foot on and move the needle over a bit. Hold the thread tails or sew on a waste square first and you won't have a bit of trouble. (I keep a little box of 3"" square note papers for phone messages right by my sewing machine for this purpose so I don't waste fabric!)"
"I bought this replacement sewing machine for my wife (age 75) after her previous non-computerized Singer finally gave out after almost forty years of heavy use.  The Singer 9960 initially appeared to be a challenge for her since it is computerized, but proved to be a false preconceived thought.  After spending a little time with my wife reviewing the instruction manual and viewing several YouTube videos we have now mastered the operation of this excellent sewing machine.  I have even gained a new interest in sewing myself and plan on using this machine when the wife is off doing something else.  This machine arrived via UPS and was in excellent condition.  To our surprise, this machine also came with a very nice carrying case that was not mentioned in the description that Amazon gives on their site.  My only recommendation is that Singer include some instructional DVD's or references to the excellent YouTube videos we found online.  The videos along with the instruction manual makes it much easier learning how to operate the Singer 9960 Quantum."
Before I purchased this Singer 9960 Quantum 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine I researched several sites on the internet and went to several stores to see the machine. The price on Amazon was the best price. It is not a machine that you can just sit down and start sewing. You really need to read the instruction manual. The one thing I am surprised is that it's almost all plastic and my old machine is almost all metal. But it sews like a dream and has many features that I really like. It has great light to see what you are sewing and the thread cutter is terrific. I have only had this machine a couple of months but I know I will have it many years and it is a lot of fun to use.
"I knew my old Brother machine was crummy, but I didn't realize how bad it was until I upgraded to this Singer.  Wow!  Sewing is a total pleasure now.  This machine does so much so easily.  Not having to mess with a foot pedal is a big plus.  You get accurate speeds for sewing, not warp speed or nothing.  The decorative stitches are beautiful and they can be manipulated in so many ways it's like having 3x the stitches.  The drop-in bobbin is wonderful, the auto cutter is wonderful, the accessories the machine comes with are wonderful, the auto-tacking feature is wonderful. The included hard cover is sturdy and well thought out.  I'm so glad I upgraded, I'm only sorry I didn't do it sooner!"
"I bought this in September 2012 and I have used this enough to be able to give a review. I can't compare this to other machines - I've always had a Singer Brand. This is a complete package - I've only had to buy the invisible zipper foot but this comes with a wide array of feet and a cover. This is perfect to do all kinds of projects and it is reasonably quiet. It comes with a variety of stitches but this will not replace an embroidery machine. You can quilt on this but there are machines that have a bigger bed for that type of work. This will handle denim and knits just be sure you have the proper needles for those projects. I've made plenty of skirts, t-shirts, knit dresses and all have sewn up like a dream. I think there is a lot of value - I've certainly got my moneys worth out of this purchase."
"Excellent!!! Easy to handle, I am a beginner and this machine improve my skills, I had a basic Singer before and this is a complete different product."
"The sewing machine is really a great investment for experienced users rather than beginners. It offers a lot of features that are necessities for the advanced users of the machine. The 9960 gives the user their money's worth since it is capable of many functions not found on any other models, plus it is easy to use.

Features include - One-Step buttonholes, the inclusion of a buttonhole plate, a programmable up and down needle, an electronic and automatic Thread Cutter, an automatic bobbin winding clutch, and a high speed and power of sewing. It can even run on Auto Pilot! It has 25 available needle positions, error warnings, a high-powered motor and a heavy-duty metal frame.

A great buy for the advanced user!"
This machine is wonderful! It sews smoothly and quietly. Love all of the different stitch options! I would recommend this machine to anyone who is looking for a new machine at a great price.
great machine always did like singer sewing machines its easy to thread and sews great best machine ive ever hsd
"After reading many reviews I purchased this for my wife to replace an older machine that had less features. My wife loves this machine and has been sewing items that she never imagined. No issues at all. She especially likes all the stitch options and the easy to use interface. She did read the manual and watch some youtube videos on how to use it. After that she was off an running.

I have heard about the electronics on this machine burning out so I put the machine on a quality Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) that you would use for a desktop PC. That should protect the electronics from household voltage spikes and other electrical anomalies that may cause the machine to burn out. No issues after several months.

To the men out there whose wife has a basic sewing machine, you can't go wrong with this purchase as a gift!"
"The Singer 3360 is a lightweight machine. Don't try to use it on anything thicker than 2 pieces of thin cotton. Mine broke after a few months of casual use. I sent it off for warranty work, and it's still in the shop after 6 months!! That's ridiculous. Parts are back-ordered. I guess Singer can't keep up with all of the broken machines. So disappointed in Singer... their name is not synonymous with quality anymore. Contacted Singer with my issue but their response was a generic reply. BLEAHHH!  I finally bought a Bernina Bernette, at half the price! Love it. It's got the basics on it and no circuit boards to break! They advertise that it can sew thru 7 layers of denim, and I proved that to myself on the demo in store. AVOID Singer and any other cheap, plastic machine with a circuit board."
"For the last 25 years, I have been sewing with an off brand sewing machine, DressMaker, and for the most part was very happy with it. Then it started to die and was spending more time in the repair shop than what I wanted. I will be honest, I did a great deal of research and had narrowed my purchase choice down to three different machines - one of them being the Singer 9960.  After test ""driving"" all three and realizing the Singer was the only one that fit my budget - I purchased the Singer.

Now I am very glad that I purchased this machine.  When the machine was delivered, I opened it, counted all the feet and other accessories then read the manual.  It was simple to read, but reading and doing at the same time, is often difficult for me.  After practicing threading (which is SUPER easy with the automatic thread feature) and filling the bobbin, I sewed my first seam.  AND FELL IN LOVE!!!!!!!!!!  It was very quiet, there was no vibration and I absolutely LOVE the speed control.  The first seam was a 3 1/2 yards long and part of the backing for an oversized quilt (backing had to be pieced).  The speed control makes it much easier to control the material, the needle down feature is wonderful (especially when you have to stop and wrestle two pieces of material around to keep it straight) and the thread cutter is nice too.  You don't waste thread pulling it out to clip it.

One problem I did have was figuring out how to change to another stitch (buttonhole) for an appliqued quilt top.  After some playing around with the book and the machine, it came up.  Stitching appliqued pieces with the button hole stitch was really easy, especially with the speed control feature.  I will be doing more appliqued quilts in the future.

My CON List is on the short side.  1.) the machine's weight.  I have arthritis in my shoulder and the machine does have some weight.  Taking the machine back and forth to quilting sessions, lifting it from the carry case to the table is a strain and 2.) one of the bonus feet - stitch in the ditch - would not fit the machine's shank.  BUT - no worry - for the joy of sewing on a nice machine, I will figure a way around these issues.

Since I have only had the machine for a little less that 2 weeks, I think I might still be in the honeymoon stage and because of this, I will revisit this review in approximately 3 months to update this review.

UPDATE OF EARLIER REVIEW -

Ok Folks, I have had this machine for 3 months and am still in love - the honeymoon will probably go on for a few more months, years or even longer.  It all depends on whether or not I outlive the machine.

In the three months that I have had the machine - not a day has not passed that I have not been in front of it sewing.  It is such a joy to work with so let me see if I can put some order to this.

LOVES:

1)  The speed control - you can set it in any way you want slow to fast.  If you are sewing a lot of straight seams piecing - the quicker speed is nice - the machine sews straight without much strain and you don't have to keep wrestling your fabric around to stay straight.

2)  The large extended table is wonderful - you can lay a piece of fabric out and not have to worry about it dragging because it is falling off of the machine while you sew.

3)  The thread cutter is a fantastic feature.  If you are quilting within the body of the quilt and need to do a lot of starts and stops, this is the best.  Not only does it clip the thread - before doing so, it will stitch in place a couple of movements of the shaft and the thread is secured.  You don't have to go back and tie off the threads.  Very nice feature!!!!!!

4)  Tack stitch - nice for locking in thread in a stitching row that you are starting - no back stitching and having bulking threads.

5)  Now that I have gotten used to the machine, it is very EASY to change the stitch style and length.  It just takes time to adjust to it.

CONS:  The weight is still an issue - but I am getting used to it - and if the arthritis starts to act up - I can always lift the machine in small steps.

I do have one new complaint - I echo stitched a quilt that I had just finished for a wedding gift and when I was turning or changing material directions - occasionally the material would accidently hit one of the buttons that would change the stich from the regular straight stitch to one of the others that were either zig-zag or one that moved the needle out of the middle.  If Singer were to redesign the front of the machine, I would recommend that those primary buttons be moved so they run from left to right rather than top to bottom.

Other than that, I am still in love with this machine and it will take a lot to get me to give it up.  Hope it outlives me, I don't want to have to replace it with a wannabe."
"I love, love, love this machine. It is strong, quiet and has saved me a ton of time on my projects! It's easy to learn how to use, all the accessories that came with it are awesome, and the extension table is great! I do wish the power cord were longer, but that's certainly manageable."
"I was very happy to received the machine in predicted time period and thrilled with the price, accessory package, and when I saw it, but the needle threader does not work and after putting the feed dogs down to try the free motion foot, the thread cutter cuts below the plate.  I have also the found out that Singer custom service is non existent via online or on the phone."
I love this sewing machine easy to use and it does it all Purchased it in July and i use it almost every day quilting and sewing 4 yrs later still love this machine
"I went from a basic Kenmore to the Singer Quantum stylistist after so much research I didn't think I would make a revisionism read reviews everywhere and priced it all over the Internet. I picked it and haven't looked back. I paid $3.00 to have it delivered the next day and it came on time in perfect condition. The instructions were clear consider. I threaded the bobbin with ease. The machine was easy to thread. I bought it and mainly for basic quilting and piecing.
I decided to try the sewing without the foot pedal as another reviewer mentioned I loved it. I used it to sew a baby quilt and it was great. Even with a medium loft batting I didn't. need to switch to a walking foot.. It is easy to switch stitches. The supply of accessories it came with was great, I haven't found a foot I 'm missing. The only drawback I have to note is the led light is bright but it does take some getting use to but I do have 55 yr. old eyeballs. It comes with a hard cover. If it had a base it would be a case. Having the extension table coming with the machine is a plus. I had just ordered the non returnable sew steady though another vendor you buy it based on your' model number and it didn't fit .The needle down in stop position works for me. Love the thread cutter. If you are used to a basic machine you will love it. The price is right for the features and it is least expensive of the vendors. Saw the machine in Joanns and it higher priced there. Anyway I am.very pleased with my purchase and glad I opted to buy through Amazon prime."
"This machine is perfect.....I love the hand free sewing especially for free motion quilting. It is quiet and so easy to use. I am very glad we purchased this machine. I was hesitant doing so without being able to look at it in person, touch it and try it out. but I read all the other reviews and the price was perfect. I love it!!!"
"It is now two months later.

The first review (below) was done after using this machine a few weeks. It takes longer than that to learn to use it. I never would have learned had I not swerved into video tutorials on Singer and YouTube. Singer has produced a tutorial for almost every presser foot. I suspect those are works in progress, as some of them are quite recently done. Now that I've learned more about the machine, I changed the rating from a 4 star to 5 star. But I do not for one minute think I have learned all there is to know about this wonderful machine.

Before purchasing the 9960 I had no clue as to how huge the sewing business really is. The many tutorials, plus online classes, make it possible to fully appreciate the intricacies of a machine like the 9960. Through watching videos put out by Bernina, for example, I have discovered that the 9960 shares features with the much higher priced Bernina. In fact, some of my favorites are features I did not even know I wanted in a machine.

1. The automatic threader: Works best on larger needles, but even on a size 11 it works fine if the thread is all-purpose. In the original review I had not learned to use it.

2. Automatic thread cutter: Blows my mind how well this works. It leaves the machine ready to sew again. Do not worry about how short the thread is. Just start sewing again.

3. Speed control: It goes from really really slow to really really fast. You can sneak up on a stopping point or zoom to the end of a long seam.

Tips:

For buttonholes use the silver bottom plate that comes with this buttonhole foot. You can make buttonholes in many different types of fabric with ease.

Always thread the machine with the needle in the highest position.

Don't use what they call the ""basting"" stitch, unless you have a need to make one stitch at a time. For basting regular seams, just use the straight stitch setting, but lengthen the stitch to the max. Works great.

Read the manual and watch the video tutorials. I learn something new with every one.

I consider myself an experienced beginner -- experienced with sewing on an old style machine, a beginner with an electronic machine. And you still have to follow the rules that apply to sewing machines, such as match the needle to the thread to the fabric, etc.

THE FOLLOWING IS THE ORIGINAL REVIEW

 I have had this machine for less than a month, but I have been sewing stuffed animals non stop. I was disappointed at first, so much so I made arrangements to send it back. Then I thought about how what I really wanted was an embroidery machine, but those cost many thousands of dollars I do not have to spend on a hobby. By the time I completed a more thorough research (which I should have done before I bought it) I decided to keep it.

The only machine I ever had was a 40 year old Kenmore (still have it). And I have to be just as picky about following the rules on this 9960 as I ever did on the Kenmore. Rule numbers 1,2, & 3 are 1) match the thread 2)to the needle size 3)to the fabric. After that, read the instruction manual every time you change stitch or presser foot, for as long as it takes to memorize what you must do. It won't take some as long as it did me, no doubt, but I am 71 years old.

The first thing I did was drop a needle down inside the body of the machine. So when you change needles, be SURE to cover up the hole with a piece of fabric or paper. Cost $72.50 to get it fixed, which I have told about elsewhere.

Things I love are the thread cutter and bobbin winder. I don't love the automatic needle threader, as it only has worked once. (See above -- I learned to use it)

Much to my delight, Singer and others have put tutorials on YouTube, so I watch videos on my Kindle, which sits beside the sewing machine. When I get tired of tutorials I switch to Netflix's old tv shows, such as Masterpiece Theaters I missed out on.

I do believe this must be one of the greatest values available, as it comes with more presser feet than anything else I have found. Most of them are easy on, easy off. However, I emailed Singer and asked if they had a side cutter to fit the 9960 and they said they did not. I also bought a serger at the same time. But both machines take up too much room. Guess I will just live with that, because I have to serge home dec stuff, bedspreads, etc. The last thing I made with the old Kenmore was a king-size tapestry bedspread, which had to be serged.

No way will I ever need 600 stitches, but it is fun to combine them. The alphabet is way too small, IMHO, and is further proof this is not an embroidery machine. However, if you want to put a child's name on the foot of a teddy bear, you could do it on the sole before cutting out the fabric piece.

Another complaint is that basting is possible only one stitch at a time. Go figure. But buttonholes look great and it even sews on buttons.

Another point about using the alphabet: I have already learned that many of the stitches do not work near the edge of fabrics such as fleece. I will from now on do the fancy stitching before cutting out the pattern piece. This will work much better on, for example, stuffed animal ears.

It seems for every minus there is at least one plus, so all in all I am glad I bought it. I'll be glad to answer questions as I have received so much help from all of you who have taken the time to review this machine. Thanks much."
"I am just learning to quilt and, having not acquired the basic skill before, had to first learn to sew. I borrowed a friend's Husqvana 445 Lily and after a two months of fiddling around and making a few simple bookmarks, grew to love my new art and craft, although the machine was, in retrospect, very difficult to use. I realized I needed to buy my own machine. Retired, I'm on a limited income and tight budget, so price was the most important criteria. Yet, I wanted my machine to have all the features that I had grown to like on the Husqvana. And these much to my surprise, the Singer 9960 Quantum, has! And then some.

When ""Carl"" (as a creative writer, I tend to name my inanimate objects) arrived last week, it took an afternoon to unpack him and figure out his basic functions--bobbin winding, threading, and changing foots. I spent the evening reading the instruction manual word-for-word, despite its many typos, grammatical, and syntax errors. Note that this machine is manufactured in Taiwan, despite the fact that Singer is based in Carlisle, PA. This, however, is no excuse for the really bad, sometimes hard to understand,technical writing that pervades the manual. Despite this, the very next day, I was making professional-looking bookmarks, quilting them with the walking foot that was included in the myriad host of accessories that that would have had to been purchased separately for any other machine. These included a stitch-in-the-ditch foot and 10+ others that I am gradually learning to use. Not only is there a wealth of other tools and accessories (extra bobbins and needles!), but this computerized machine has well over 600 stitch combinations, if you factor in variable stitch width and length adjustments. Actually, this machine has it all, and then some! It is going to take three lifetimes to figure it all out.

What I love best about ""Carl"" is the automatic thread cutterp-just a push of a button when you're done sewing a seam--which saves thread! Even better than that, I love his ease of sewing. I hardly have to guide the fabric; the feed dogs smoothly and evenly ""pull"" the fabric along in a straight line for you. The LCD display is large and easy to read, and the simplicity of the computer selection buttons is ""to die for"" on all the other machines I researched. The large table attachment and free-arm are the crowing touches to a  machine that can be used for just about any sewing project, whether it be quilting, clothes making, embroidery, darning, or, even, come to find out, light upholstery (a cording foot is also included).

My only complaint, besides the poorly written manual, which lowers what would otherwise be a 5-star rating, is that the automatic threader is very difficult, almost impossible to use. Which is a bummer because with my aging eyesight, I really wanted this feature--a charged option for other machines--and am very disappointed that I still have to manually thread the needle. Maybe someday I'll figure it out. Or I'll find another 9960 owner who has mastered it and can teach me.

In the meantime, this sleek, well-made sewing machine is a reliable, sturdy workhorse, well work the modest price. It is, pardon the sewing pun, three cuts above all the others in its price range. One will not, could not go wrong with it."
So far I have done mainly straight stitching on this machine but everything is working good. I had a Quantum CXL that I bought around 20 years ago. The needle threader on this one is a tad more difficult to use also the bobbin winder is a little awkward. These two things could be b/c I now have arthritis so I don't judge them too harsh. The thing I love most so far is the Bobbin! It is on top with a see through window so I can actually see when the bobbin is low.
Love this machine! It works well and I feel it is well worth the price! I would recommend it for beginners
"I really like my machine.  It is much more advanced than my 30+ machine I had been using.  However I did not receive a Zipper foot,  I did not realize this until getting ready to put a zipper in.  I have looked and looked again.  No zipper foot.  Not happy!!"
"Very impressed so far,  It sews a lot quieter then my other machine.  Like all the extras that came with it."
"I have only had this for 2 days.  So far I am quite pleased with it.  I have only had time to play with the different stitches it offers and can't wait to begin sewing a project to see how it performs.  A little disappointed that the manual does not list the bobbin type, just says to use Singer bobbins. Singer makes different kinds of bobbins, so had to do some research on it.  15J is the bobbin it uses.
Everything listed on the product page at amazon.com is in the box, set up was easy and I was able to begin sewing right away."
"My Singer from 1976 finally has died. Really loved that machine for a number of reasons. When I bought it I paid $550; a lot of money back then. I couldn't believe how much I got for my money with this new machine. Of course, I won't be around long enough to see if the longevity holds up to my other one but so far, so good."
"This machine is so easy to use.  It is loaded with amazing features and comes with so many accessories.  The manual is so easy to read, detailed and helpful.
I would highly recommend this model."
"At first I loved this machine (it's my second, also had the one before this one). But after only using it 3- times it started making this horrible squeaking sound. I was affraid to continue on it, as it might just break completely. I called customer service and was told the closest service center was in NY, I am in MA. I would have to send it there and then wait for it to be serviced. I simply can not wait that long. I called Amazon to get a refund (my option for return had passed). I explained the machine is broken and the instantly emailed me the return label.

Don't buy this machine, it is more trouble than its worth."
I am still learning this new machine but so far it is great! Definitely would recommend it to anyone in need of a new machine!
I had a Janome which I liked but it didn't have the cutting feature which I like/need when quilting.  Amazon doesn't tell you but the hard cover carry case is included in it.  I was a bit disappointed in the fact that I asked for USPS shipping and they sent it UPS which meant that I had to pay to pick it up from At The Border Storage but other than that it is by far a great sewing & quilting machine.
"First I'd like to state that I did not purchase my machine on Amazon.  I purchased on HSN during craft month maybe 2 years ago when it first came out on HNS.  I purchased it with a Singer Stylist Serger.  As for the sewing machine - not too good.  At first it seemed to run great, then I noticed it was in auto pilot mode and 'til today, I can not disengage the auto pilot stitch function!  I have sewn for most of my life and do it as a career from home.  I called a local Singer dealer here in Hawaii today after exhausting all my own resources and he explained rather rudely that my computer was probably broken in the machine.  After reading some of the negative feed back reviews here I am inclined to believe the Singer sales man.  This is rather a major inconvenience for me and I really don't want to spend any further money on a machine that seems to have so many potential problems besides the one I have.  I do not recommend this machine.  I have had better Singer machines and other brands.  I guess I will continue to sew like a moron with the machine on auto pilot with my finger in control vs my foot.  I ended up here reading the reviews to see if anyone else had problems such as mine and I find many other issues besides mine and many related to the computer system - no new sewing machine should need repair so early on.  It is sad and I truly believe Singer has quality machines - my Quantum is not one of them.  I am happy for the customers who received machines in perfect condition.  It seems to be a hit and miss with the model.  My serger is totally fine, so far.  I am fortune enough to have a few sewing machines to fall back on - this was supposed to be an upgrade treat to myself for basic clothing repairs with all the great accessories and functions, not the case exactly.  The function work fine as long as I don't mind sewing without any foot pedal, awkward!  Good luck and sew on!"
Cannot beat the price for the quality of machine you get.  Have priced at local shops for $500.  Definitely recommend to others.
"Love this machine.  Very smooth and easy to use. Only have had it for about a month, but have done a couple of quilting projects with it.  The hand quilting stitch is really remakable.  ""Stitch in the ditch"" foot if a real helpful tool too."
"I purchased this machine about 10 months ago and have used it for a number of projects, including designing and making my son's nursery bedding. I am now using it to run a baby boutique sewing baby blankets, burp cloths and other items. I absolutely LOVE this machine. Its smooth, its quiet (which is important with a 14 month old sleeping in the next room in an apartment), it comes with tons of feet which would otherwise cost you a pretty penny and it really works. The only times I've had issues with this machine is when I messed up, eg. using different threads in bobbin and spool or wrong needle for the fabric. If you follow the directions, this machine will become your new best friend and it will feed your creative juices like nothing else! Yet another winner for Singer!!!!"
"I have been sewing since I was a teenager (now 33) and have been using a basic Singer sewing machine for the last few years.
This SINGER 9960 is awesome! I don't know where to begin but it's worth the upgrade for sewers who like to make crafts and sew from time to time. The machine has things that make your life easier, such as the thread cutter and the start/ stop button. I have issues with a foot pedal, and setting the speed is great. Not to mention all of the different designs and fonts that the machine can do. I also appreciate all the foots that came with the machine. My old model didn't even have a zipper foot. I've only been using this machine for the last month and it works fine. Be sure to read through the manual before diving into a project. It will save you some time."
"I have been sewing for 50 years.  When my other machine was in the shop for routine maintenance, this machine was able to pick up right where the other left off.  Some things different, but that is just the years in development between the two machines."
"Quiet, extremely easy to use. Changing presser feet a breeze. Couching was effortless. I've used it about two hours a day for a week and even though I managed to misplace the manual this machine is easy to figure out.
No knee attachment but that isn't a big drawback for me. I am not afraid to experiment with this machine. Well done, Singer.
Amazon still has the best price.
This is the my first review."
"I never used a sewing machine or had sewing lessons, but I've manage to thread a needle and hand stitch out of necessity.  We've gotten to the point, however, where our daughter's pants all need to be hemmed and it's just not practical to hand sew (poorly) or stitch witch (doesn't last). So when the Singer 9960 came up as an Amazon Gold Box special, I quickly went into research mode and between the positive reviews, the price for features (even though I didn't know what most were), and the fact that we had over a dozen kids pants waiting to be hemmed, I went ahead and made the purchase.

Knowing absolutely nothing about sewing machines, other than what they look like and that they combine thread and voodoo to bind fabric, I was able to hit the ground running and hem fifteen pairs of pants the first day out of the box. Today, I hemmed two heavy-fabric school uniform dresses, easily changing between feet and producing professional looking hems.  The 9960 comes with a mind blowing array of parts and attachments, but if you ignore all that you can start sewing immediately after threading the machine and bobbin. Between the straightforward manuel and simple Google searches for tutorials, I've managed to master basic hems, overcasting, blind hems, and fabric mending (scissor mishap).

The machine is complex but the the instructions make threading and bobbin filling pretty simple. Threading the bottom bobbin is a little tricky but threading the needle with the automated threader works pretty well. The Overall the functions are straight forward, it's easy to change between stitches and feet, and the foot pedal operates smoothly. The removable free arm is essential in allowing me to hem kids pants. I also tried out the text embroidery and it's crazy how easy it is.

For a beginner who thinks they will need a machine into the future, there are simpler looking models out there but the 9960 was quick to get started with and has made this beginner produce professional looking alterations is a short time."
"Arrived Friday March 1st. , yeahhhh my dream sewing machine .....I did try to save some money and ordered a used one $60.00 less, I thought would help me to spend the savings on sewing accessories, however it came in a way to large box, package material: styrofoam support was broken, crack in the dust cover, thought I could live with that: Than it is a very expressive sewing machine. I could not wait to try some sewing: however i could not get the thread to automatically thread, did it manual and thought I figure it out later, than I noticed that the hand wheel did not move at ALL !!!! And when I tried to start sewing a pice of scrap fabric just for fun and see what the sewing machine could do !!!, it made a loud cracking sound !!!! Sounded like that the hand wheel got damaged before and the return facility did not check if the machine would work at all and send out:  to me,  in a broken stage, very disappointing, than I have been waiting for this sewing machine for a long time. I printed out the return label and off it goes back to the return shipping facility. I am maybe just the one who had bad luck, I really would like to have this machine, will wait until I get my refund and I guess will have to order at the regular price of $ 329.00.
3-20-2013
Ohhhhh my god, it is the best, love it , I have so much fun with this sewing , love to start new projects and it is so easy, everything works so well and quiet, fast and easy to use, I did the mistake of trying to safe some $ and ordered it as used, do to do that, I waited until I got my refund and ordered it for the regular price and you will not be disappointed . Yes it is a high price for just a sewing machine but if you are into creative sewing projects, and don't want to spend more than $500.00 go for it. It is like a computer and it takes time to get use to it, however it will just blow you away."
"The sewing machine would power on but the bobbin winder would not work, they start/stop button would not work, the foot pedal would not work.  I believe the motor was locked up or damaged because nothing would actually function.  It was a returned item and I bought it used.  Probably not a good idea for something of this nature.  The case was damaged in shipping as it was repackaged."
"Just like with the bobbins...what am I supposed to say about a sewing machine?  it sews?  I can say that I don have as much trouble out of it as I do my brother.  After sewing 1 or 2 garments (if I'm lucky 2) with my brother, I have to vacuumit out (clean it), otherwise, it will knot up the thread between the fabric and the feeddogs.  Alot of the time I can't even complete a quilt on it.  On this machine, I haven't had that problem in the least.  I sew to my heart's content.  If I'm doing a lot of sewing I clean it every few jobs, just to make sure, but it's just regular maintenance.  I have not had one mis-stitch (if that is a word) with my singer!"
This is my second Singer. My first one had cams so you know how old it is. I love this machine. It's easy to use and has so much more that I can do with it. It's definitely a keeper.
"I still can't believe that I own this machine.  It's incredible.  It's my first sewing machine, so I was a little intimidated at first.  It comes wit h all the bonus stuff (even though it's not mentioned in the description).  It's so easy to learn how to use and is awesome!  Highly recommend!!"
My friend has this machine and I borrowed it for a while a couple years ago. I absolutely loved it! I needed a new machine but the Quantum was over $600.00 and I could not afford it at that time. I did purchase an Singer Athena model 2009 and I really love my Athena. But I am saving to buy this machine and my Athena will be my back up machine. I am a quilter and am beginning my journey into machine quilting and fiber arts. I know the QUANTUM STYLIST 9960 will have everything I need for my creations. The price is wonderful and you will get more than you pay for. My friend paid well over $600.00 for hers and she is thinking of buying one for her daughters after I told her about the low price offered on amazon! Happy sewing!
"Just got this today and I am so impressed. I came from a cheap brother machine so this is a dream. Get it, you won't regret it. AMAZING German engineering!"
"I have been using this machine for about 6 months now and I love it.  The tension is nearly always perfect (nothing is 100%), tons of stitches to choose from and I really enjoy having the larger table to put on when I am quilting."
"I use it for quilting, and it does all the stiches I need. I also needed a new machine  for sewing  and it does that too."
"This machine has everything...  including the hardsided case!  Have been sewing with my faithful Singer Futura for over 30 years but it finally died.  Bought this machine after much research and could not be happier!  Well constructed, lots of attachments, LOVE the needle up/down and the thread cutter...  huge time and thread savers.  I hemmed a pair of slacks and repaired another pair in short order and can't wait to start my quilt project and do some sewing for myself.  Don't hesitate...  I really think you'll be as happy with this machine as I am!"
"Love it, love it, love it!  My first machine was a Singer from my husband and he researched the build and quality of various machines and I used this same process to find an upgrade; it was the best value and build for the $$$ and now that I've played with it (quilted the top of a queen-sized quilt on it), I wouldn't give it up for anything - you just can't go wrong with Singer!"
"I initially purchased this machine for the continuous free motion feature, that I did not have on my Kenmore machine. As much as I love my Kenmore sewing machine, the fact that the free motion feature only sewed one stitch at a time, I wanted to upgrade to something a bit more suitable for my quilting needs. I absolutely love my new Singer Quantum 9960. It is an excellent machine for the price. I spent a lot of time researching various sewing machines, and consumer reports which are extremely helpful. I learned the hard way, always consider what customers report regarding sewing machine performances whether it is positive or negative. The only feature I would consider changing is the way you have to wind the bobbin....a bit ackward. However, that does not take away from the machine's performance to appropiately wind the bobbin correctly. I'm an experienced sewing seamstress, and I strongly recommend this machine for anyone interested in a good machine that is reasonably priced. Another feature, is the machine came with numerous sewing attachments as well as an extension table that is detachable. Like I mentioned before, I love my Kenmore machine, but unfortunately I had to purchase speciality attachments for a short shanked machine, that had not been included. The Quantum appears to have all the attachments I could possibly want or need. Unfortunately, over the past few years, the manufacturers of the majority of newly designed sewing machines, all makes and models, have changed the design of the zipper foot. Frankly,I'm not sure why. The new design makes putting in a new zipper more difficult, I find.
Personally I do not like the basting stitch...only stitches one stitch at a time and the bottom tension was too loose using this stitch. The beauty of a computerized machine is the auto tension which self adjusts according to your sewing demand...personally self adjusting the tension is not my speciality. To correct the problem, I found that if I converted to the darning/free motion feature..you can insert beautiful basting stitches where ever and when ever you desire.

I hope anyone interested in the Singer Quantum find my consumer report helpful. So far, I am very satified with my new machine, and with consideration to the price, this has turned out to be an excellent little machine."
I love it and wonder why I waited so long to purchase it!!  It does everything and more that I never dreamed of.
This machine works like a dream. The manual is easy to read and follow. Te accessories have everything that you need to start with.
Box was crushed when i recieved and machine was 110volt and not 240volt which i thought. bought step down transformer and all seemed ok until i tried to change the stiching from straight line to the different patterns!. BROKEN. rung singer Australia and they don't want to know about it because it was bought on AMAZON .was told to send back to America Thought i was getting a bargain but feel like i got RIPPED OFF
This machine was bought for a Christmas gift  (2012)  It had not been used until the first week of January (2013)  Here it is the 14th of February (2013)  and we are looking for a repairman who can work on it as the bobbin casing is messed up and not working properly.  If I had it to do over I would have bought locally and not so much electronics on it.  So far I have not been able to find someone to even look at it......as most will not work on it because we had not bought it from them.  So here we sit with a $300. plus dollar machine and can't use it......and it has not even been used yet 3 months......................  : (
"I've had this machine now for almost seven months. It is a step up from my usual hundred dollar machine from WalMart.  I have sewed many things for my new granddaughter, such as, quilts, pillow covers, burp cloths, receiving blankets, embellished onesies, and more. This machine sews so nicely, it is a joy to use."
"Excelente maquina de coser, muy completa para mis necesidades y de buena calidad. Laspuntadas que trae incorporadas son muy bonitas y es facil de utilizar"
"I have used a old singer for years and it was a hand me down, So I decided to up grade to a new one with more functions...well Iam here to tell you this machine has been a joy to use...very easy and quiet.  I have had it about a month now and use it every day. Quilting is funner then ever with this machine."
I have been sewing for many years I find this to be a great computerized sewing machine!  It is comparable to machines that are 3 times the cost.  It has an abundance of features and stitches.  Works great! It is very user friendly and comes with a bunch of extra feet and an extension table.
I looked for several weeks trying to decide on an new sewing machine. I bought the Quantum 9960 and so glad that I did. It is a wonderful not to mention a quiet machine. It will take me a while to use all of the features on it. I used a machine for 40 years but none have come close to this one. I am impressed and love it. As a Prime Member it arrived in two days.
This is a very nice machine even for a beginner as I am. Is very easy to understand the instruction book that comes with it. The computerized screen can be a little difficult at times to figure out what is going on when your use to a no bells & whistles machine as I was but each time I use it it gets easier to understand & use.
It has been great.so many attachments. I love it.runs smooth has large work space for quilting .bright light .I look forward to many years of use.
"This is the best sewing machine I have ever had. I have been sewing since I was 9yrs old, there isn't anything I can say that is bad about this sewing machine. It does everything and more.
I have had it for 9 months and it is quiet, threads great, does so many other pretty stitches. My other machine (Kenmore) I hate threading the needle, not to mention how loud it is or was..it now is collecting dust.
You will not be disappointed in buying this, it has all the bells and whistles. The price is the best price around as everyone else had it $100.00 to $150.00 more. Amazon got it to me in three days, I didn't spend extra to get it to me that fast, but it was a nice surprise to get it so quickly.
BUY IT YOU WILL LOVE IT!!"
"I just upgraded to this machine from an old $99 Brother and at first I was really excited.  Upon taking the machine out of the box I was able to begin sewing in minutes and found the decorative stitches and all of the different presser feet very easy to use.  I was in the middle of ""darning"" my boyfriends jeans using the bar tack/darning foot that it came with and I was SO IMPRESSED - then I just lifted the presser foot to reposition and went to hit the start button and nothing happened - after a few moments it beeped at me three times.  I tried a lot of little fixes including re-threading everything and the old turn it off - wait a few minutes - turn it on again thing and nothing worked.  That happened Saturday morning (it's now Monday afternoon) and I have since tried many things and scoured the internet for an answer and found nothing.  The manual only addresses ""beeping"" as how to turn it on or off.  It does mention that turning it off will not mute the 3 beep warning signal but it does not tell you what causes the 3 beep signal to sound.  I have sent Singer an email, written on the wall of their facebook page and sent them a a facebook message.  They did respond to the facebook message by 10:30 Monday morning but only in a way that I think they didn't really read what my problem was.  I am currently listening to their hold music, and have been for about the last hour.  The first few times I called I just got a message that the line was full and it automatically disconnected me, then I called on my lunch break and got into the queue but after 35 minutes I had to get back to work and still had 14 people a head of me so I disconnected.  It took about 3 calls around 3-3:30 to get into the queue.

I am mostly frustrated because I only purchased this just over 2 months ago and have only used it about 5 times and doing nothing but light sewing.  All of the lights are on and it appears ready to sew just that nothing happens!  Also, I am able to use the hand wheel to sew so the problem is not mechanical.  I will follow up when the issue is resolved but for now I would not recommend this machine."
"Well, I must disagree with most of the favorable comments about the Singer Quantum 9960. I am very sadly disappointed. I have always had a Singer, but this one is not working for me at all. I have nothing but problems with the stitching. If I do not hold onto the thread at the beginning of each seam, then it bundles up in one spot and leaves a terrible mess. I then have to use the seam ripper to get the mess cleared away before I can start again. It does not go over seams well at all. It sounds like it is going to fall apart. I also have to rethread the thing several times while working on a project. I have to extend the thread about a foot or more and then hang onto the ends of the thread to prevent it from coming out of the needle or from bunching up at the beginning of a seam. Whether I have gotten a lemon or not, I am not sure. And another thing: The buttonhole maker does not work. I have studied the manual, followed those instructions, gone online for the tutorial (which makes it look so easy), and I still cannot get the thing to work. What happened to the old days when you had a dial with four positions to make a buttonhole with ease? This thing is so complicated you cannot even begin to figure out what might be the problem. Also, I think the bobbin situation is ridiculous. I have to wind up at least four or five bobbins to begin a project so I do not run out of bobbin thread and have to stop in the middle of the project to go up to the top and rewind the bobbin. I finally got a sidewinder to take care of that problem. But my old ""Touch & Sew"" that I had for YEARS had a larger bobbin that could be wound right in the bobbin case by flipping a little lever. You never had to take the bobbin out of the case - thereby one did not need to unthread the machine and bring it all up to the top of the sewing machine to wind the bobbin.

I would be interested in knowing if anyone else has had the problems I am having. I sew a lot, and this is so very frustrating. When did the Singer sewing machine go down the tubes like this one has? Singer used to be a top product, but this definitely is not the case with the Singer Quantum, sorry to say.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9960-Quantum-Stylist-600-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine/dp/B004RDH7Y8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine</a>"
"I bought this sewing machine, confident that I had made a good choice but not sure where I was going with the purchase. I learned so much using this machine. I took pains to use the appropriate needles and the walking foot and had no problems with heavy duty sewing (4+ layers and 2+ hours of sewing at a time). I didn't have many problems that weren't my fault. I no longer have this machine because it needed a tune up after only 8 months. What can I say, its a quilting machine and I ended up loving purses and home decor! It did great but paying for the shipping to an authorized repair center made no sense. I upgraded to another brand of machine (Janome) and I'm still wondering if it was worth the doubled price tag. Also, I learned that make sure there is an authorized repair center in your area. If there isn't, check the warranty to see if work done on it would void the warranty (say routine maintenance), if not I'd move on to a brand that does. Just check the respective manufactures websites to find out. Good luck!"
"This machine had all the features I had on my wish list. I love that fact I don't have to use a foot pedal to sew. The speed adjustment feature is also one of my favourites.  The cost of the machine is very low for all the good things it has.  I did have a bit of trouble with the drop in bobbin, but I had never had that feature before and it took a few minutes to figure it out. You don't have to spend a fortune to get a great machine. This one  will do everything."
"Bought my wife this Singer sewing machine for Christmas. She's an experienced seamstress, but had a much older machine.
She really loved the new machine - lots of features she didn't have before - but after a few days of sewing it simply stopped working. She called Singer and was put on hold for an hour! Finally talking to a representative and going through their diagnostic procedures, she was told to pack up the machine and send it to the nearest Singer repair center which was 150 miles away. We had to pay shipping.
Rather that go through all that, I contact Amazon and asked for a return and replacement. Apparently, it was approved and a new machine is on the way.
We're hopeful the replacement will provide the same long life as her old machine (which was probably over 50 years old), but I doubt it. Today's consumer goods are not designed for a long life. Manufacturers can't make money if they sell products that last too long.
Thanks, Amazon!"
"Pros: Quiet; Powerful; Works out of the box every single time; Several foot selections.

This is an absolutely fabulous machine. I have loved it every time I use it. This is my fourth machine over a period of two and a half years simply because I needed a powerful machine that was able to do what I needed. I now have had this machine for about a year and I am grateful that I made the switch. I learned on a very high quality machine and as such I was a little more picky when choosing a machine for myself. Unlike other machines which have threading and tension issues every time you try to sew, this machine just WORKS! With previous machines a mend or quick hem would take over three times what it would normally be because of issues with the machine needed adjustment or not sewing correctly. I love that I can take this machine out and it works great, every time. I don't have to worry about the machine not working. A five minute job really is a five minute job. I highly recommend this machine to those who are just starting out. A nice machine really does effect how much enjoyment you get out of sewing. I know how frustrating it is to have a machine not work the way you need it to and then get burned out with the project and just want to stop. This machine will do what you need anytime you try to work on it. This is also great for experienced home sewers. It is powerful and goes through many layers of fabric without a problem. There are several stitches and feet that make any project a breeze! I have appreciated the owners manual because it is very straight forward and and has the answers to any questions I might have. It also comes with a very nice solid cover which keeps all the dust out which might gum up the machine and make it not work as well. I keep my machine in my baby's room and have sewn during her naps. The machine is so quiet that it doesn't wake her. The number one reason I like this machine is that I don't have to take the time to figure out problems with the machine and that I can just pull it out and enjoy the time I spend sewing on it and the projects I am able to make."
"I haven't had a lot of time to learn my new sewing machine, but what little I've done on it, I'm very impressed.  While it looks like it could be intimidating, it has been easy to learn so far.  I hope to be very creative and do a lot with it."
"I have only had this machine for 2 weeks but am already in love. I have not had the occasion to sew anything for almost 25 years, but my church group decided to embellish some plain aprons that had been donated to the church. Because these would be sold at a fundraiser it was time to bring out my old Touch and Sew Singer. Well it became obvious the time had come to upgrade. Since we no longer have a dedicated Singer dealer intown I looked at what was available in the shops. The prices sent me into ""sticker shock""! I did not need the high end Baby Lock or Bernia brands. Once I discovered this machine on Amazon, I was hooked. The price and features couldn't be beat and so far it is everything and more than I expected. I will continue to post my experiences as I continue to use the Quantum.
UPDATE:  after having the machine less than a month well I experienced my first major problem.  I had justfinished sewing my first project and loved my machine... But I immediately want to begin sewing an appliqu lowered the pressure foot and the green stop start light came on but no machine action... just the 3 beeps.  I rethreaded the machine, tried troubleshooting with no luck.  The nearest authorized repair center was 3 hours away :(!  I called Amazon customer service and they were most helpful.  They immediately sent me a new machine...it arrived the next day.  They also arranged for UPS to pick-up the defective machine and return it.  Hopefully I will have no further problems because I really was pleased with the way it handled."
"I read the reviews on this sewing machine and decided to buy it.  This is, without a doubt, one of the best purchases I have made.  Even is you are a beginner (like me) you need this machine.  The different stitches are great and easy to do.  I can't recommend this machine enough!"
"I would recommend this machine to anyone.  I am a casual sewer and bought this machine after becoming frustrated with an old machine that continually became tangled after multiple attempts to adjust tensions, change needles and use high quality threads.  My new singer glides through my heavy drapery fabric like butter and doesn't even hesitate over seams.  I felt a little overwhelmed by all of the buttons on this machine at first but when I sat down to use it it only took me a couple of minutes to start sewing.  After my second use I was able to sew without referring to the booklet.  This machine has more capabilities than I will probably ever use but gliding over fabric is like a miracle after using my old machine."
"This is a great machine for the average fabriholic.  I quilt, make purses, mend, etc and all are done easily with the features.  This replaced a Viking that I always ""fought"" with and sewing is so much fun now."
"I wouldn't buy this machine for heavy use, but it works fine for most sewists.  I am happy with it, except the thread cutter no longer cuts every time and the needle threader can be a pain to get it to work every time.  Machine runs nice and quiet."
"This is my first modern sewing machine. I love the updates. I love the needle threader, bobbin winding, automatic buttonholes, and the THREAD CUTTER. It is s\ew cute. I am still learning about it. But it was my gift to myself for Christmas and I am not disappointed. It does just enough for me--a learner. I may want an embroidery machine later, but for now I have a lot to work with and I love it. Thank you!"
"The machine arrived fine but it sews extremely slow whether I use the foot pedal or the electronic speed.  Are they supposed to sew that slow?  Is there a way to speed it up. The slider on the front of the machine makes no difference in the speed at all.  I need help from the seller.

A new machine was shipped to me immediately and I love it.  It is fast, quiet and does everything I have asked of it.  I would highly recommend this machine.  It handles heavy fabric beautifully."
"This is a nice looking machine but not a nice working machine.  I read great reviews on this machine.  I was given one for a Christmas present by my husband.  That was in Dec. 2010, in Dec. 2011 it was traded in.  Maybe if I had purchased this machine from Amazon things would be different a return and replacement would of been done, but I purchased from another place and I will not deal with them any longer.  I had this machine six weeks when it acted up and started to not sew correctly I adjusted the tension to the highest point.  And this machine will not sew stretch.  If you do not use it every day it somehow adjusts the tension itself.  I would let it sit for about two weeks thinking it would adjust and be ok....no it was worse.  So finally after a year of trying to talk to the tech at the place where I brought it, who by the way informed me this is a low priced machine and you have problems with cheap machines, I gave up.  After he told me to take the thread and floss it between the tension discs I said this is ridiculous.  I traded it in on another brand and am much happier.  It was after I traded mine in I started to see the reveiws I wish I had of seen back then."
"I LOVE my new machine!  It's SUPER quiet, sews like a dream and has TONS of extra functions!  There are a few negatives though.  The letter stitches are VERY small and figuring out the tension and length ratios takes TONS of time and practice.  The rest of the funtions that I have used are wonderful!  I really like that I can adjust the speed, and the auto cut is SUPER cool for when you are sewing lots of small pieces at one time, like I do when I'm quiliting.  I have not yet used the quilting features but I'm hopful they are as easy to use as the rest.  Great product for the price!! Oh, and the cover/case is PERFECT for putting it away in my office with out getting dust all over my machine and it holds the book and a few extra notions so they are handy if I need them when I'm stitching."
"This is the finest sewing machine that I have purchased for my wife. She loved it, she found it very simple to use and plan to sew GGranddaughter some new summer clothes thank you"
"I purchased this machine to replace an older White Sewing Machine that I had years ago.  Granted, the White that I previously was nothing compared to this machine but I am very impressed and blown away.  This machine was easy to start using, with little to no reading, and super quick to get a handle on.  Highly recommended!"
I love to sew and and this machine is such a delite. I especially love the thread cutter button. I am enjoying using all the special stitches that the machine can do also. I would highly recommend it!
Great machine I will love to find a place that will teach me how to use all of the fixtures that this machine has to offer
"Great sewing machine for the price, especially since I got it on sale.  Fairly quiet, not clunky.  Perfect for the few months I'm away from my fancier machine.  Easy to understand manual.  Used the first day I opened the box.  Haven't used ""edit"" feature yet or adjusted tension, so I can't comment on those features."
"I love this machine, it exceeded all my expectations. I would recomend this to anyone that likes to sew. Great price also.+++++++++++++++++"
This machine is sewing great so far and I'm happy with it.  My only complaint is that there is no place to put the presser foot or power cord when I put the machine away  -  the case only has a rather clumsy (as in keeps popping off) flip door for the manual.  I have to cram the foot and cord under the throat of the machine or store them separately.
"So far this machine can do everything I have asked it to. The things I like most are the automatic thred cutter, the auto-stop wiht the needle down, the ability to use a pedal or the ""Start/Stop"" button, and the extension table. The machine is extremely quiet and easy to use.

THE MACHINE COMES WITH A CASE! It does not mention it in the product description, but the machine comes with a hard case. It's very nice and there's no need to buy another!"
I bought this for my wife to replace a couple old hand me down machines from her Mother and Grandmother. she is attached to those old machines but when it comes to creating clothing you can be proud of its not worth the aggravation. I am amazed at how much this machine can do for such a reasonable price. We have converted a spare bedroom into a sewing room because this machine has renewed her old passion for sewing. The only disappointment i have with the machine is that the font stitches which do allow you to monogram or write are so small as to not be of little real use. consider the fonts as a gimmick and buy it for all the other features and you will be happy as we are.
We bought this for our 13 year old twin daughters who have shown interest in sewing. They caught right on to how to operate this machine and the machine does not throw them a learning curve. They can focus on learning how to actually sew their projects! Love it and all the features and accessories with it.
"I am enjoying this new machine with its many features.
I'm learning as I sew.  Instructions are quite easy to follow
It is a huge upgrade from the sewing machine that was new in 1987."
"I enjoyed this machine when I first got it in December.  It is 8 months old and has started looping stitches to the point that I cannot sew with it.  I have tried everything to fix it then called Singer.  They said it was a timing issue and needed to go to a repair center.  THERE ARE NO REPAIR CENTERS IN THE STATE OF VIRGINIA AND ONLY ONE IN NORTH CAROLINA AND IT IS OVER TWO HOURS AWAY.  The Singer rep couldn't understand why I was frustrated that I was going to be without my almost new machine for weeks while it had to be shipped to one of their few repair centers.  Fortunately, Amazon has agreed to give me a full refund so this machine is going back and I will not purchase from Singer again.  I also had issues with the automatic threader not working from the very beginning."
"I purchased this September 3 2012 and received it the next day. I received this the next day, normally this would be a big deal except this was going to be a gift for my wife and I did not need it for a few weeks.

My wife opened the gift in middle of November but it was actually the first week of december before we unpacked everything and she tried it out. She was very happy with this machine! she started a 60"" x 50"" quilt that is going to be a gift and she is sewing on the last piece and it will not start. it keeps beeping. I have been through the troubleshooting on singers website and none of the suggestions have worked. I have sent Singer an e-mail last week but not received a reply as of yet. we have been currently waiting on the phone for over an hour to talk to someone and I will edit my post when we do get to talk to someone.

Currently, I would not recommend this machine (Singer Quantum Stylis 600 ) to anyone. I don't know much about sewing machines but I think the machine should work longer than 1 month before needing to call the manufacturer or get serviced.

Update: We done some troubleshooting with Singer customer service and there assessment is the computer is bad and I will have to take/send it in for repairs. the closest certified shop is 3 hours away so it looks like I will be paying to send it in. I will stick with my original recommendation because of poor quality. when it was working it done a fine job but I think it should last longer than a month, and this is not using it everyday of that month."
I have been sewing for about 30 years.  I have always had more than just one machine.  I have two other computer machines and a 3/4 thread serger.  I had taught sewing and machine know how for many years.  The Singer 9960 is an awesome machine!!!!!  It sews beautifully and it runs very quiet.  I have nothing but praise for this machine!  I was also very happy with Amazon's wonderful service!  The machine arrived very soon after the order was placed.  Thank You!
"Almost 1 year later:  It is still going strong.  Still a bit loud for my ears,  but keeps on going.  It is a little bit finicky about thread.  The cheaper thread brands fray a lot no matter which needle I use.  If I use strong cotton or wrapped cotton it doesn't give me much trouble.  I also use embroidery thread for great variety of colors with a thread stand and the machine seems to like these very, very much.  Would buy another at the right price.

UPDATE: Sept 2013 I figured out the thread breaking issue (was using 2 different threads in top and bottom).  It's still a little noisy, but is still going strong.  I use it for quilting and Free motion quilting 3 or 4 times a week.
I found many tutorials and videos on Singer.com that show how to use the presser feet.  I'm still never going to use all those stitches.  I do love it though and would purchase the Quantum again.

UPDATE:  It is till going strong, but I have noticed 2 things about it.  It is getting noisier the more I use it.  The thread breaks a lot.  Yes, I clean it every other day or so and I use decent thread.  It hasn't performed as well as I had hoped on denim.  I have been sewing a row or 2 a week for a rag style denim quilt.  It is just the denim and backing-no filler at all- am using a denim needle and denim strength thread but it just doesn't quite have the UMPHH
I need for denim.  Good thing I still have the old treadle machine because it can handle anything.

I have used it nearly every night since I got it (about 3 weeks ago).  I have had to find some tutorials on the internet as the book just isn't in depth enough to explain uses for feet and stitches.  I got it for quilting and don't think I will use all those stitches -ever- so maybe I overpaid for what I needed.  I hope it lasts a good long time though."
My wife is VERY impressed with its performance and the quality of this machine.  Very good investment up to this point.
"I'm really enjoying using the sewing machine.  Wish the instructions were more thorough,  I'll have to do a lot of practicing to figure out the many features it has."
"I had just decided to get serious about some sewing, and this popped up as a daily deal on amazon.  I could not be more pleased with the machine itself and the deal I got! (Although amazon's everyday price is the best around). This machine is great for novices (i.e. me) as well as experts (i.e. my mom). :) You will have to refer to the manual a couple times, but it's easy to read and helpful. Love it!"
"I've only had this machine for a few weeks, but I am totally in love with it! Haven't had a chance to try all the things it can do, but so far have been very pleased! I had been sewing on a 45+ yr old Kenmore, which is a great machine and quite the workhorse, but wanted something with some different stitches and capabilities. I mostly make quilts, baby bibs, baby burp cloths, tote bags, tissue holders, but do not sew garments. Got a great deal on it through Amazon!"
This is the cadilac of sewing machines. It sews superbly and with all the stitches built in it is suitable for any project albeit making clothes or quilts. The quality is second to none. A great companion to an embroidery only machine.
"Excellent Replacement and Upgrade for my 30+ year old Singer Touch-tronic 2000.
I am an intermediate level seamstress; maybe close to expert. I have been sewing since age 9 and that was forever ago. I have only used my mother's and grandmother's basic machines and my Singer Touch-tronic, so I can't give a lot of comparison between machines. I have owned this one for about 2 weeks. I had my old Singer repaired once, but it made odd noises and the reverse stitch had died again. I really avoided using it, so I decided it was time for a new machine. I agonized over which one and I didn't want to spend a lot of money.
I finally settled on this one for value and price. I am not disappointed. I love this machine.

Pros:
- The LED light over the work area is incredible. I can see what I am doing!
- My 1st project was a purse. Part of the construction was 8 layers of light/medium weight cotton and 4 layers of light interfacing. I used a medium weight needle, and the machine plowed through all 12 layers with no problem.
- There are a LOT of different feet included. They are labeled with either a letter or number designations. When you select a specialty stitch, the computer will tell you which foot to use.
- 4 different alphabet fonts! I embroidered MY name all over that first purse.
- 3 different tables: the standard one; remove the standard one for free arm sewing; and the extension table.
- It is easy to learn (but I am experienced) - both the threading and the computer for different stitches.
- The manual is well done, but the print is a bit small for these old eyes. Have to use the cheaters. I would have preferred separate manuals in each language so I could throw out the ones I don't need.
- I really like having a hard cover for my machine. I didn't have one for the old one.
- The thread cutter is wonderful. So easy to remove my work from the machine if I am not sewing along an edge.
- Love the needle up/down button. It moves the needle to the highest or lowest point. No fiddling with the hand wheel to get it close.

Cons:
- I don't like the small plastic bobbin cover. It would be too easy to lose. It also has a tab on it to lock into the machine. Looks like it could break off easily.
- On the Touch-tronic, I could wind the bobbin in place; no rethreading of the machine was required. On this machine, the bobbin is wound on top of the machine.
- I am concerned about the quality of the plastic housing. Nothing stands out; I am just paranoid.
- It did jam and rats nest when I attempted to sew elastic to fabric. Maybe one day I will learn how to do that properly.
- The seam allowance markings on the throat plate are tiny and difficult to read, even with cheaters."
This is so much more machine that I had anticipated.  It is a great value for the money.  I absolutely love it!
Was a little hesitant to buy an electronic machine.  So far it has met and passed my expectations.  Love the extention table and extra attatchments that came with it.  A great price for a machine loaded with options. My favorites are the needle threader and thread cutter.
It has been 30 years since I upgraded my sewing machine.  Love this one.  The monogram lettering is smaller than expected. Over all very easy to use.
"I have only had this machine for a few weeks and am still learning  all that it can do. My old machine would not sew  knit fabrics very well, this has done a great job so far.  I did have a question  that I called the  help line about. It took a while to get through, but once I did the  customer rep was terrific and was able to  answer my question."
"As a beginning/intermediate sewer, this machine is perfect, meeting my skill level as it is, while also providing room to grow.

The machine is extremely quiet, the manual easy to follow, and the controls easy to use. I have sewn several small projects since it arrived, and I am very happy with its performance."
"I LOVE MY NEW SEWING MACHINE - have been sewing with my 40 year old Singer, which has earned retirement, until my children purchased this new Singer.  It is truly a marvelous sewing machine and I could not believe how quiet it runs. Does everything I could possibly want . Amazon also had the best price found in the search engines.  Am completely satisfied with produce, price paid & super fast shipping, as always, Amazon you are the best!"
"I had no idea what I was missing!! For the last 30 years, I've owned a Necchi sewing machine and have sewn everything from drapes to jeans.  I recently brought out the Necchi and sewed my two new grandsons a rag quilt.  I was having trouble with the machine and contemplated buying a new machine.  I looked at the Singer 9960, but it seemed like more than I needed.  I finally figured out that the old Necchi needed a new belt.  I happened to be looking on Amazon about two weeks later when they were offering an additional $80.00 off, so I bought it.  I cannot explain how happy I am with the machine.  It is so easy to use!  It was like going from a horse and buggy to a new car!  So, I made another rag quilt for my granddaughter and gave it to her for Christmas.  On the quilt, the machine embroidered ""TO"" and ""FROM"" and ""Christmas 2012"".  My family was so impressed.  Looking forward to making doll clothes for my granddaughter with my new Singer 9960"
"This is such a user friendly machine.  I have put it through its paces, utilizing a variety of stitches and sewing multiple layers of material and batting, and it just hummed along and did what it was supposed to do.  For anyone who has even a basic working knowledge of sewing, this machine will do it almost everything you'd need to do!  Great value for the price."
I bought this sewing machine for my sister and her eyes popped when she opened the wrapping paper. She can't wait to set it up and try it out.
I have not used it yet.  I will be using the embroidery stitches. That is the reason I purchased this machine at the price I did.
"What a bargain.  Saved over $200 from Amazon.  This was a gift to our daughter who had an older Brother machine that gave out.  It does everything, even sews leather."
This is a great sewing machine.  There are so many stitches.  It runs smoothly and powerfully.  I am thrilled with the sewing machine.
"Amazon is very professional and very punctual. I'm very happy with this product. I tested it today and it is amazing and pulse she have  all necessary accessories.
Wow!!!"
"this was an early christmas present from my husband. this is machine is everything I expected it to be. I have been using it for two wks now, easy to operate. i'm having a blast learning all the different stitches and functions of the machine. i needed this machine years ago! my only misgiving about the machine, would love to make the alpha stitching bigger! the function to  cutting the thread will cut back on the amount of thread i was wasting with my other machine. i give htis product a big thumbs up!"
"I own three top of the line machines and wanted a back up.  It sewes beautifully, is quiet and meets my expecttions for the fraction of the cost of my other machines."
"After many weeks of shopping on-line for a new machine, a good friend (and fantastic seamstress) recommended the Quantam Stylist.  She nailed it for me.  It has and does everything that I needed.  Although I don't sew often, I want to be able to have the options when I do.  This has it all.  The user manual easily explains everything, but you do have to read the instructions. I am very pleased with it."
This is the fifth singer sewing machine I have bought for her in the past thirty years.  This is the most excited I have seen her over a sewing machine.  Four months later and she is still excited! ... about everything.  Need I say more!
I had gotten just a taste of using a computerized sewing machine and decided to buy one.  This machine is wonderful!  Absolutely wonderful!  The ease with which it operates is amazing.  I know I'll be doing more sewing than I used to thanks to this machine.  I have been sewing with a Singer for years and always been happy with it/them.  And the 9960 Quantum Stylist is exceptional.  So glad I made this purchase.
I was a bit hesitant ordering a new sewing machine online as I am the kind of person who likes to try before I buy.  I need not have worried with the Singer 9960 Quantum Sylist.  I have been using it for about a month now and could not be happier!  I am so glad I picked this machine.  I sewed for forty years on a Kenmore machine until I finally wore it out.  I tried a few other makes and was not happy with them but I find the Singer has been an excellent choice.  Every time I use it I find new features.  This machine should take the chill out of those January nights!  Now I need to start stockpiling fabric.
"Here is the Republic of Korea.
Goods ordered and received goods in a matter of a week.
Stuff is fully paved.
This stuff has waited to come safely to the South.
The packaging was perfect. There are a number of gift items.
Even more amazing is a great sewing machine this just 350 dollars!
Fast shipping!
Safely delivered the perfect package!
Cheap price!
Too cool to buy a sewing machine at a cheap price.  ;-)"
"I purchased the Singer 9960 during the Lightning Deal on December 3rd for my wife's Christmas present.  Not only was it a great price but it included many extra features and accessories not found on other machines I reviewed.  After receiving it I made sure everything was present, the machine worked and was surprised to find a hard cover included which is not mentioned in the product overview.  The added case really made this product an outstanding deal! This is my wife's first sewing machine and I know she will be extremely excited by the 600 different stitches and extra accessories that came with it.  This is an outstanding product!"
"I have been sewing for over 40 years and have had other machines besides Singer.  I keep going back to the Singer brand because they hold up and last.  This machine has a lot of bells and whistles which I will probably never use but I am going to have fun trying them out!!!  The machine is super quiet, love the large sewing surface, thread cutter, needle threader and all the attachments.  Great job and if you love to sew - don't hesitate - get this machine, it is true value for the price."
"Pros:  There is a lot of feet, the hard case, the extension table, auto cutting option, awesome decorative stitches, etc.  I feel like this machine has a lot of ""bang for the buck"".

Cons:  I received 2 defective machines, so be sure to inspect them carefully.  Amazon did a great job of making it right.  I also have a lot of trouble with the bobbin threading and bobbin thread nests, so I think it's something I'm doing wrong.  The instruction manual has a lot of room for improvement.

Overall, I recommend this machine to anyone but a beginning sewer, because of the poor instruction manual.  It's a nice machine at this price point."
"There is a lot I still have to figure out about on this new machine, at least the book sorta explains things, but most of all so far everyting I have tried to do has worked just fine so far."
"I was filling guilty for buying another sewing machine since I have two and a surger...about fiftheen years old tho..they weren't cheep at the time either so getting this one it would have alot to compeet against..... I'm so happy with this one.... I feel I got awesome deal .....just look around like I did and you'll see... YOU won't be sorry I'm telling U... I would pay extra for first class shipping tho , one of the post offices left mine set Five days or so before sending it on its way...I had my local post track it and Amazon also did too...it took twelve days to get it...  Had some trouble with bobbin thread looping , should make sure  every thing is just the way it should be ,before getting worried rethread everything."
"I just bought this machine as an early Christmas gift for my wife who's an accomplished seamstress but has been working on an old Singer for what seems like forever.  She makes about 3 dresses per week for a church mission.  Initially I wanted to get her a Bernette 25, (not quite a Bernina however but nearly as good from all the research I did).  However she balked at the price point on the Bernette and was insistent on getting another Singer even though I've heard that Singer does not have the reputation it once had. We did some looking around locally and she decided to settle for a Singer One (whose cost was very close to what I paid for the 9960!), well she tried the Singer One and it frustrated her to no end.  She just did not like it, the way it threaded, it's bulkiness, the lack of features and other aspects to which I have no clue about, so we returned it.  I happened to be looking on Amazon for something totally unrelated and noticed the lightening sale going on for the 9960.  Since 99.5% of the reviews were positive and similar reviews elsewhere were in line with those on here. I bit.  Not only was the price appealing but all the features that were listed was a major selling point.  Well we received this machine yesterday super-fast!  Since she knew that she was getting a machine for Christmas she wanted to open it immediately and give it a test run.  This machine was easy to set up, came with some unexpected accessories, like a cover, and extra pressing feet that were not mentioned in the listing.  My wife was in heaven the moment I turned it on for her.  She loved the way the threading guides worked, the speed and accuracy of the stitching, just about everything on the machine put a smile on her face.  She zipped out a little dress in no time and has been gushing about the machine nonstop.  I know she wants to start making other items and broaden her skill set so I think I made her happy with this selection.  As it's only a day old I cannot attest to its durability or any other issues that I'm not an expert on especially when it comes to sewing.  But I know that little girls in far off countries will be wearing dresses made on this machine and that every stitch was done with love and care.  I certainly will update this post if we discover anything that should be shared in regards to this product however I would say all in all this was a great buy for the price and on first appearances a wonderful investment."
"My husband has been asking for a sewing machine for sometime, so for our anniversary this is what he got, I don't believe he has used it yet (since he has been traveling a lot for business), but I'm sure he will love it, of course singer is a great quality brand and product"
"I have this machine for a week now and I'm not sure if I will return this or not. I just finished sewing fleece and it seemed the machine is okay but along the way I'm having problems. I read the manual cover to cover before even starting to make sure I will be able to use it properly.
 I noticed that when you are using larger needles in sizes 14 & 16 with the heavier threads - needle threader got stuck and pulls the needle and bents it. Eventually when you sew, the needle breaks because it is no longer straight. This happened to me twice but if you use smaller needles/thread combination, machine seems fine. Unfortunately because I will be using this machine mostly for heavier fabrics this will be a big problem if I use the threader which is a big disappointment for me.
 I don't have problem with jamming because it was noted in the manual to hold the thread in the beginning to avoid it. It was also mentioned to manually use the thread cutter at the back of the machine to avoid damaging the auto thread cutter when using heavier threads.
 The most annoying part for me is that it CAN'T sew a straight line once you change the tension manually which I am very meticulous because I am very exacting and like to do topstitching when sewing purses and bags.  Is it me or somebody else have these problems?

I have better results with my 8-yr old Singer Scholastic sewing machine."
I just received my new sewing machine and it is fantastic. I was a little nervous because this is a major upgrade from my 30 year old machine. I had no problem winding the bobbin and threading the machine. I immediately sewed a quilt top with no problems. It comes with several different feet and the hard case. The walking foot was awesome for the thick quilt top and prevented the fabric from bunching. The extra extension table was nice for the big quilt.  The automatic thread cutting button is very nice and saves a lot of thread. Just make sure to read the instructions where it says to leave the fabric in place when cutting. Instructions are easy to understand and several of the feet are labled so you know for sure which one you are using. This is a lot of machine with accessories for the price.
"Wonderful machine. No problems even with daily, constant use. Sews smoothly and the attachments and tray alone make this a great deal. I also have a Janome and have spent more than the cost of this singer just buying all the accesories. The only issue I have is that the quilt guide bar doesn't attach to the walking foot, so can only be used with the regular feet, but I may be missing something about the set up and this may be incorrect. Overall, this is an amazing buy and I highly recommend this product.  I absolutely love this machine."
"I just got it 2 days ago and today I'm planning to spend as much time as possible playing with it. I have a brother machine (no project runway throw) and I love it, I do not have any problems with it but the price of the singer and all the accessories is unbeatable. If you have any doubts how this machine works watch the video in you tube [...], it's not in English but it has subtitles and it is really clear how to set it up and explains what the buttons are for. I had have Singer brands before and I always love them. I hope this is the same case. Oh! And do not buy the hard cover, it comes with it even though it doesn't mention it in the description and it suggest to buy it when you have the items that you can order with it.

Update 12/15/2012: I loveee this sewing machine. So smooth and strong at the same time. Just like all the Singer brand, make sure that you get the right bobbins J15. I totally recommend it for Christmas gift."
This machine has everything without the common issues/frustrations. Definitely worth the little extra money! It also comes with a ton of accessories (including the hard case).
"I'm going to try to keep this review updated.
I am a hobby sewer looking to start up selling small scale. I was using a Janome from the 70s and while I love it to bits, it's just not fancy enough. I had a look around at what's available in Australia and a machine like this is $1,500+...I just cannot afford that sort of price!
So I compared all the amazon machines and decided on this. $330 + $70 post + $60 for a transformer.
Firstly, it arrived super fast and in perfect condition. Worked when plugged in, no problems. Manual was easy to read and the feet are great!

Update 1; Have been using it steadily for about 2 weeks now and it's great. There are one or two little imperfections or things to adjust to but otherwise it's perfect. It sews well through med and thin stretch and stable (yet to try thick). The auto tension is great. Threading you have to be firm or it won't engage but it's super easy on the whole. Thread cutter leaves the needle thread a little short, a little flick as you remove the fabric brings it out enough to pull it so that it doesn't pull back through the needle. No broken thread or needles and only a couple of times with jamming but entirely my fault, sewing light stretch with the wrong needle and stitch lol. Using server thread on a stand and it's no problem. So far very happy and totally worth the $460 spent."
"This is the second machine that I have tried.  I am still having trouble with the consistency of the sewing.  The front plate of the machine is raised so that when I try to sew, it will catch and reverse my seams as I sew."
"Was delighted to find this machine at such a good price. My only complaint has been about bobbin winding difficutlies, but even that has been worked around. In love with all of the different stitches. Would definitely reccommend this fun machine to others."
"Everything was perfect about this machine. As this is my first computerized sewing machine, I was intimidated at first but the instruction book is very easy to follow. My only question, which I'm going to write to Singer about, is in the instruction book it shows a switch/button that lowers the feed dogs for doing imbroidery, but my machine doesn't have that switch so I can't lower the feed dogs.
Other than that, it works like a dream and is very quiet."
"Great machine for the price.  The walking foot for quilting is awesome as is the thread cutter.  Have used many of the decorative stitches.  Still learning.

UPDATE:  Sad to say after 16 months the machine grinded to a stop.  Took it to a Singer dealer to have it repaired and was told they would have to take it apart to see what was causing the noise and stoppage at a cost of about $200 (labor not under warranty). Traded it in for a different machine."
"UPDATE 5/2015: Still love my machine! I've had no mechanical problems with it, outside of the usual bobbin tangles once in a while. Cleaning out the bobbin case, and rethreading the *TOP* thread always clears those up. The needle up/down works great. I'm a pro at using the onboard needle threader, and the auto thread-cutter is still sharp as a razor blade, though it occasionally un-threads the needle. Guess how I got to be a pro at threading it? lol
Anyway, I'd definitely purchase this again.
************************************************************************************************
UPDATE 9/2014: Still using and loving this machine. Sews well, and travels well too. Love it!!!
************************************************************************************************

NOV 2012:
I researched sewing machines for a couple of months before deciding on this model.
My requirements were:
1.a needle up/down feature
2. an automatic thread cutter
3. ""cruise control""
4. an extended bed for larger projects
5. as many decorative stitches as possible.

All of the machines I found with these features were well over $500. Then I came across this machine around $300 and loved that it has my top 4, plus several hundred decorative stitches too. I've been happily using it since it arrived.

The decorative stitches are really fun! The manual tells you which feet (included) to use with the stitches and gives you the settings too. You don't have to use them as is - you can edit them to make them longer, wider, reverse image, or even create and program in your own stitches. I haven't tried that yet, but I haven't run out of the standard stitches to play with. I must say that the monogram letters are a little disappointing. The block font letters look a little cheap, and the cursive letters don't connect to each other. I think I may have to play with them a little more to get a better result with them.

The up/down needle feature is excellent for piecing quilt tops, doing applique, or just sewing in general. Automatically having the needle down when turning corners is so much more convenient than playing with the manual wheel to get the needle in the right position. The automatic thread cutter is fantastic for quilting too. I wish it left a little bit more of a tail on the needle thread though because sometimes the needle comes unthreaded. The onboard needle threader is tolerable - is there really a perfect one? Nope!

The ""cruise control"" is amazing! I haven't plugged in my foot pedal since I got the machine. I use the start/stop button and the speed gauge on the front of the machine to sew now. If I'm piecing tricky items, I can set the speed to low for more precision and control, and when I am running long seams, I can crank it up to full speed and run strip after strip through very quickly - without using a pedal! I want to add that this machine sews very quietly too.

The machine comes with removable short and long bed tables, and they both slip on and off quite easily. The long bed has folding legs, so it stores flat in my sewing machine suitcase. When neither table is on, the machine bed is a narrow free arm for use in cuffs and hems.

I have two wishes that would make this machine even better (hint, hint, Singer!):
1. I'd like a flip-down thread stand on the side of the machine to hold large cones of thread. I have to use a separate thread tree for cones.
2. Move the pressure foot lever to the back side of the needle so that right or left handed users have easy access to it. My old Singer had the lever in the back and it was so much more convenient.

In conclusion, I love my Quantum 9960 machine and I definitely recommend it for a feature-rich, lower price machine. I hope this information helps other prospective buyers."
This sewing machine does everything I want plus SO much more.  I am very happy with this purchase!  It sews slippery silk as easily and nicely as thick cotton duck cloth.  Just what I needed.
"Love this machine!  When shopping around for a new sewing machine, I wanted another Janome to replace my 12 year old machine but this Singer 9960 caught my eye.  The price was right, especially considering that I was getting features I could not get on a new Janome in the same price range - such a needle up/down, thread cutter, and many stitches to choose from.  I know - Singer has not had the best reputation in recent years but I took a chance.  I've owned this maching for about a month and have sewed on it every day with no problems at all.  I look forward to doing some free motion quilting this winter and using the larger table.  This machine is a keeper!"
"I LOVED this machine when it first arrived around August 4, 2012. Then after almost 3 months (Oct 30, 2012) thae machine stopped working. I trouble shot their web-site and was told to take to an Authorized Singer Repair Shop  (40 miles away). After the repair shop checked out the machine I was told that the Mother Board had gone and they contacted Singer for a replacement part and was told that it would take 8 to 12 weeks to get it.

I do Crafts for a living. My 1st Fair of this Season was in 4 days and I have no machine and I was supposed to wait 8 to 12 weeks to get the part? So I e-mailed Singers Customer Service and it has been 2 weeks and NO response. I also tried calling them but waited for over an hour and nobody picked up. I feel singer is not what it used to be and I am very dissappointed. I will NEVER purchase a Singer again!!! Buyer beware.

But the silver lining is I contacted Amazon where this was purchased and due to the fact that Singer could not get the part to me in a timely manner Amazon shipped me a NEW machine free of charge!!!! KUDOS to AMAZON!!!! I will do business with this Company any day."
This machine was purchased as a back up machine for quilting and crafts. The price was fantastic and the quality of the stitches is excellent. It came with extra pressure feet at no additional costs. The machine is an excellent value.
"I like to learn something new. This time I decided to learn sewing. I did my research online and decided that I want to buy SINGER 9960. I have to admit I don't regret it. It's amazing what this machine can do, and how easy it is to use. I would recommend this machine to everyone."
"My sewing teachers constantly bad mouth the Singer quality but I really wanted a computerized machine that didn't cost $1,000. I bought this in September and do not regret it. For the same amount I paid for my Janome Sewist 500, the Singer 9960 has far more stitches, feet, and features. The problems I had with it such as the bobbin not winding tight enough were all due to user error.  It makes beautiful button holes and everyone has been asking me how I stitched bicycles, airplanes, and cars on quilt borders.  It's also more quiet than my manual Janome, and I love the speed control.  I'm only an intermediate sewist so I'm sure I haven't even scratched the surface of all the features but I've already sewed pajamas, totes, quilts, and dresses.  It is unfazed by thick fabric, too, and so far I haven't had to adjust the tension on anything.  Clearly the opinions of my teachers were unfounded because if this isn't good quality then I don't know what is."
I have fallen in Love with this machine.  I got it because I needed something more heavy duty than my old machine.  We were able to get the machine by that weekend and complete an entire project using several different stitch patterns and feet.  I was very impressed with how easy it was to get it set up and get started.
I have been able to do everything I need to on this machine. It works smoothly and I like it. The only strange thing is the styrofoam inside the case that we are not supposed to remove. It's strange that this is necessary. Surely a machine like this should have a case that fits properly without styrofoam?
"I bought this to replace my old Simplicity Denim Star ($80 from walmart over 8 years ago) wanted one with lots of stitch options and advanced features because my old machine is limited in that way.  I loved the features but was extremely disappointed to see that this machine can not sew even as straight as my old one!  Seriously?! And yes I was using proper needles and thread for my fabric and tried multiple fabrics.  The stitches became straighter with more layers of fabric but even then a stitch would kick out of line every so often.  Not what I expected from singer and a $300+ machine.  Very disappointing and annoying!

I will say, perhaps it was damaged in shipping maybe? It seemed to be packaged well with thick hard foam but I did notice there was one dent in the bottom of the cardboard box and when I removed the foam some of it was either cracked or broken, although still fitting perfectly in the box (meaning not disfigured or dented) and the product itself looked perfect. So not sure but possible. Also other machines I have bought came with a ""test swatch"" and an inspected by paper in them showing that the product was tested and did work, this machine did not.

Glad amazon had a good return policy!"
"I am really enjoying this machine.  It is actually the first new machine I've ever used because I've been using an old Singer for the past 40 years which my dad bought me so it had sentimental value.  When that finally couldn't be fixed anymore, I shopped around and chose the Quantum Stylist 600 after reading reviews.  It is wonderful!!!!  I didn't know what I was missing - it is so easy to use and fun!!  I would highly recommend this machine to anyone."
"I am very happy with the Sewing Machine.

It was easy to read the directions to wind the bobbin and thread the machine.

It sews smoothly.

Very happy with my purchase."
"This is an excellent machine for the experienced sewer. No gimmicks and does straight forward what is required. Reliable and steady despite its outside plastic parts which they look quite resistent to wear and tear. The thread cutter fast and always reliable.
The most useful funtions at easy reach. The speed of stitching is very acceptable.
I miss the knee presser foot lifter that most of the good machines have, but the manual presser foot lifter position is very handy, so you get to forget this part after a while.
I would like more memory capabilities though. It'll be a great machine if I could memorized my personal stitch settings till is changed instead to go back to the defaults everytime.
Over all is a highly recommended machine. One of the best for its price."
"I recently purchased this machine even though I did not need another since I have a Viking which is 23 years old & runs like a dream.  The ease to change stitches, the stitches are even, runs like a breeze.  Great choice for all type of sewers!  I really want to free motion quilt with the machine but have not had time."
"Wanted machine to. Do more than straight stich. Have not used it for long but it sees  beautifly. It looks complicated but am long time sewer and I will figure it out. My daughter is using my 45 year old. Like the bobbin winding system, puts more thread on than in machine bobbin winding. Makes lovely straight stiiches and is heavy and.solid for a portibile."
I really love this machine.  I have always had a singer. I was taught to sew on a singer. My old machine just finally gave up.  I saw this one on Amazon at a very good price. I bought it and I have not been disappointed.  Sewing machines have come a long way since I have bought one. It is so quiet. There is still a lot that the machine can do that I haven't done yet. (I also have a phone that I don't quite understand.  If you want a good machine--this is it.
I have been using an ancient JC Penney machine for 35 years.  It is so nice to have the large platform for quilting.  It is a perfect machine to do machine quilting along lines or stitch in the ditch.  I wish I would have bought this machine when it first came out instead of struggling with moving the quilt around under a machine that was not made for quilting.  The best part for me is being able to lock the stitch at the beginning and end of sewing and then having the auto cut feature.  AWESOME!!1
"This is a wonderful machine. In fact, for the first few days all I did was go through and sew on the different little patterns and decorative stitches. This machine has it all, the hard cover case, all the added accessories, and so on. I have had a few problems, but they are most likely my fault versus the machines because I am a newbie and had only been sewing on a basic machine a few weeks before getting this one. If you want the best decorative stitches for the least amount of money, I would really recommend this machine. It is a great price, and a great machine.
Oh and if anyone knows how to properly work the buttonhole feature (as I've been having problems and the manual is a little confusing) please comment. Thanks!"
Got it for my wife.  BIG POINTS.  The first week of her using the machine and she is all smiles.  The sewing machine she has been using is 25 years old and it was a pretty basic model.  She is just delighted with stitching capabilities and the ease with which she can do everything. Exact measurements on seams are a breeze without aftermarket tools. Next project starts today!!
I just got this and it was a little intimidating for a novice in sewing to use.  This machine however has not given me any headaches so far.  It it fun to discover all its capabilities.
"I am a beginner quilter.  This machine has many features can only be found on high end machines.
I am in love with the cutting feature and never want to be without it!!"
"I've had my Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist now for little over a week.  I was so sad when my Kenmore ""bit the dust.""  I searched the internet for a machine that would give me the most bang for the buck.  This machine caught my eye.  Was pleased to find it on Amazon for an amazing price.  When it arrived, I was so excited to get it unpacked.  I had downloaded the Manual from the Singer website the night I ordered it, so I was already to start it up.  I find this machine to be a wonder item.  I've not tried many of the stitches yet, but I will!!  I was surprised to find my carton also included over $250 worth (I looked up the pricing on Singer website) of additional pressure feet and other items.  Do I recommend this Sewing Machine - YES !!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Just got off the phone with Singer customer service because I couldn't figure out how to use the ""programmable needle up/down feature"".  Well, this machine (Quantum Stylist 9960) DOES NOT HAVE this feature although this website and the Singer website specifically states that it does.  The needle ALWAYS stops in the down position and you must turn the hand wheel or press the needle up/down button to get the needle to go up.  This is an important feature for me and I would not have purchased this machine if I had known."
"I bought this machine recently from Amazon because of the good reviews. As soon as I received the machine I noticed the Voltage difference (I live in Australia).  I wrote to Singer and received the following message from Singer Consumer Affairs Department, SVP Worldwide:

Machines that are purchased in the US are 110/120 volts, in order to use them abroad you will need to purchase a transformer. Unfortunately we DO NOT recommend that a transformer be used on electronic machines.

It is our experience that when using a transformer there are too many fluctuations in the voltage causing irregular surges.  For this reason we
cannot guarantee that you will be able to use this machine in your country.

You also need to be aware that should you connect this machine to a transformer and the wiring is damaged, you will be responsible for any
parts and labor to repair the machine, as using a transformer voids the warranty.

I haven't used my machine yet. I wouldn't have bought this machine if I knew this problem. I hope Amazon will post a warning message for the overseas buyers before they consider buying this machine!"
"I really wanted to love this machine after reading all of the positive reviews.  So after ordering from Amazon, I was super excited to start my first project.  However, 15 minutes in, the machine jams.  I follow instructions on how to unjam, still the problem persists. It hadn't been long since I ordered, so I returned for a replacement.  When I got my replacement, I started a completely new project, the bobbin jams AGAIN.  I called singer and they said I can ship in for a repair.  A repair? Why does a brand new machine need to be repaired after 10 minutes of use????  No thank you. After some research online, I found that this is a common problem with the 2010 models.  I wish Amazon would stop selling those models if they are defective. Needless to say, that one went back as well, this time, I DIDN'T ask for a replacement, just a refund.

So my search continues for a great replacement for my last singer machine.  Maybe I should switch brands?  Any suggestions?"
Enjoying the machine. A little problem with the bobbin and no response from singer. Don't even try to call them unless you want to be on hold for at least an hour.
"I've had a few months to use my new machine.  I waited to review until after I gave it a good workout.  I use it at least 4 times a week and as of yet I haven't tried all the features.  It runs smooth, easy to thread, fairly easy to select stitches and options if you are comfortable with a computer.  If not, it may take a bit longer to be able to work your way through the menus.  The only problem I have had while sewing is mirror image function seemed to make loops on the back of the fabric when I sewed. This was recent and I haven't had a chance to check out why.  It could just be user error.
I love the thread cutter function.  I didn't realize how much thread I wasted until I went back to a previous machine and had to snip threads with scissors.  Got used to the automatic thread cutter really quickly.  I was surprised that it actually doesn't jam starting with such short threads although my needle comes unthreaded easily if I don't pull a bit of thread through first.  Not all the time, but sometimes.
The machine came with way more attachments than I was expecting. Being a quilter, this was awesome!
I look forward to really putting this machine to use.

January 4, 2013  - Still lovin it!  I do tend to have some problems with the needle threader.  It may just be me....

February 13, 2013 - the needle threader and I are getting along now.  I put the presser foot down to keep the tension tight and it threads much easier.  A couple things I hvae noticed.... the default center position in stitch #1 isn't really the true center and I need to adjust it over to the right.  This is especially noticeable when trying to get the 1/4 inch quilting seam exact.  Also I haven't found much use for stitch #5, the basting stitch.  There is no top thread tension on this stitch so it loops a lot on the back and doesn't hold anything tight enough together.

June 2015 - Still working fine and I use it pretty much every other day."
"Love the machine so far.  I was a little intimadated at first as I have not had a new machine in 40 years, but am learning  all about it in baby steps so I am not overwhelmed.  So far everything is going well."
"So far I am in love with this machine. I have a lot to learn about the features but am enjoying what features I currently understand. The only issue I have is that the bottom bobbin tends to get jammed when using the hearts, butterfly's and etc. shapes. Otherwise I have no issues."
"I researched several machines before I chose the 9960 Quantum Stylist. For me it had everything I wanted/needed and then some. Amazon was the cheapest price I could find and even got free shipping.

The sewing machine was delivered at noon and before 1 PM I was sewing! I've not had any problems with it thus far but I do recommend that one should READ THE MANUAL thoroughly and understand the stitches and what feet to use before going at it. I have been able to successfully quilt two throw sized and 1 queen sized quilt with no issues at all. I was very happy with all the feet!(If bought separately they would cost an arm and a leg.  I was also very happy with all the stitches....my 3 yr old grand daughter sits on my lap and has a blast ""sewing"" the dogs, hearts, flowers etc. It runs quietly, smoothly and hasn't ""bogged down"" when sewing through denim.

Would I recommend this to a friend? YES
Is it a great deal for the price? YES"
"I spent some time making up my mind I could not make a decision  between 'BROTHER' or 'SINGER'
I down loaded user manuals and read all I could about each machine,looked at any U tube clips on the internet.

 After about two  weeks looking the decision was made easy, when asked myself which machine over all was better than the Singer 306K, which I have been using for meany years and the Singer 9969 came out on top.

 I did not compere the needle threaders as threading a needle is so easy,you cut off thread end on an angle and put it throw the hole,there is a grove in the needle which slides the thread into the hole.

 The Singer can do all of the work I ask of it and more,sewing canvas, denim,sacking, multilayers of fabric, embroidery stitch's and good size lettering in the alphabet stitching.

  I can know put my Singer 306K and 201K sewing machines into storage.
  I thank you 'Singer' after 150 years you are still number one in the market.
 Yours Sincerely Graeme Hunter"
"I have not had this machine long. Still working on my first project. This is an upgrade from a 30 year old Kenmore. The Singer is easy to set up and use. The threader is a little tricky, but once you get the hang of it, it works well. It comes with a ""cover"". I need a case to protect it from dust since I don't have a deicated area for it. Not to mention, my Kenmore made it through a house fire many years ago. It has always been in a case.
Has anyone purchased the Singer 611. BR universal case? And does the 9960 machine fit?"
My daughter loves her new machine. The first one got lost in delivery and it was a bit of a hassle to track that and resolve the issue after many phone calls and receiving it after I needed it as a gift. But the machine is very well liked
"I have to apologize - we purchased this in order to give it as a gift for Christmas 2012,
and so we cannot add to the very high ratings in most reviews.
But rather than wait 4 months to say so, I wanted to mention an included accessory that the text doesn't mention.
I'm sure you are all familiar with the way that Amazon lists related products in their descriptions -
I'm referring to the ""frequently bought together"" feature, which, in this case,
suggests that it would be a great idea to purchase the Singer case specific to this machine for $37.97...
And, it probably *would* be a good idea, except that then you would have two of them.
I unpacked the shipment just down to the sewer (that sounds funny), and, under all the literature and other accessories,
the machine is encased in, well, a case.

So, it seems a little shoddy to try to sell you one right then, before you've had a chance to look in the box yourself...
Well, unfortunately, I bit, so, when they deliver the extraneous case later today, it will be an instantaneous return.

But I'll encourage our daughter to post an actual product review, after she has received & used the machine.

PS just noticed: look at listing ""SINGER Hard-Sided Sewing Machine Cover for SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist"" - the two people who reviewed the cover can confirm that it IS included with the machine."
this product is really good. easy to use and function are brilliant. I am really happy about this singer 9960 sewing machine. Also amazon customer service are wonderful.
"This is Deb, not Thomas - it was bought with his Amazon account. :) First, understand that I have never had a modern, computerized sewing machine. I inherited a basic machine from my mom that was probably made in the 1980s. Wow, the technology has come a long way in 30 years.

In my mind, sewing is an onerous task made frustrating by all the struggles with getting the machine to work properly. Winding bobbins was a major pain, threading the machine properly so it didn't jam seemed like a gamble, and changing a presser foot required breaking out the screwdrivers and becoming a mechanic.

I had this machine up and running in minutes. There are guide marks showing you where to thread it, feet just snap on and drop off with the touch of a lever, you simply push a button to raise or lower the needle to its lowest/highest position.

There are several extra feet and many other accessories, some of which I have no clue how to use. But I made a beautiful rolled hem, took up a shirt that was too big for me, and then played around with the decorative stitches. There are 600 - count 'em - different stitches. I don't know how much I'll actually use them, but how cool is it to be able to write your name and make little rows of hearts and flowers and birds and butterflies? There's even one for BICYCLES, for Pete's sake.

Okay, maybe I'm easily impressed because of my past experiences, but I think this thing is great. It has an automatic needle threader (although I just threaded it myself because that seemed easier), an automatic thread cutter (which is pretty neat, if I can just remember to use it) and all kinds of goodies that the old machine didn't have. I wish my mom could see this - except that she would probably try to take it away from me."
"Since I just received this machine and have only used it on one project, my experience is limited but has been great.  Easy to set-up and easy to use.  Don't know that the needle threader is necessary - seems more complicated than just sticking the thread through the little hole in the needle but others may find it useful."
"when i first saw this machine i was debating for the longest time about buying one...when my old machine broke (which was a beginner's machine) i finally got this. this has got to be one of THEE MOST AWESOME SEWING MACHINE THAT I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!! my girl simply loves this thing, she has sewn denim (her & my jeans) and has NO problem sewing the material. she has even been sewing her own under garments as well. this thing simply does on heck of a excellent,excellent job sewing material such as 40 denier tricot nylon and if have sewn 40 denier tricot nylon you will know how thin and flexible that material is. with my old machine she had to pull and some times spread the fabric apart so it wouldn't jam up in the machine. with this machine it glides right through, no pulling, no stretching just simply glides through like if it was floating on pure air. though i should buy another one just in case something happens where it needs to be repaired i have a back up. to test how strong the motor was on this thing was i took 2 bands ofnon roll elastic with a heavy duty all purpose needle and sewed them, the machine went through them as if it where a single band...no problems, no jams ETC. to singer sewing corporation, keep up the awesome job!!! truly a excellent, excellent machine. i also like the cut button really useful i and my girl no longer has to cut the thread with scissors, just hit the button and boom it cuts the thread for you also i love the drop in bobbin...my old machine i had to constantly remove the compartment and check the bobbin (it was on the inside on the side of the machine) this drop in bobbin i can simply lift the material and do a quick check to see how much thread is left. though if singer does give this awesome machine a upgrade i suggest they put in a usb input/output cable so we can upload designs to the machine through our computers so we can upload custom designs..i don't care what any one says, this is simply thee greatest machine for the money!! so if you want one heck of a awesome machine and don't feel like spending thousands of dollars like you would have to do for a viking or bernina that does the same job this machine does, then this is seriously the machine for you. though if i had of known about this machine before i bought my old singer i would of bought this a long time ago! Also i'd like to add in is another great feature which is a safety feature, when the presser foot raised the machine will not start  with or with out the foot pedal this is a great feature , this will prevent the machine from operating while your threading the needle."
"Ive only had this singer for about a month now and its more than I hoped for. As my first sewing machine, I found it surpriseingly simple to use. I love that It came with a ton of accessories and that they're easy to use as well. Im very happy I bought it."
"This is a great machine.  I really like the cut the thread feature.  It is really handy when sewing quilt pieces together.  I don't have piles of thread everywhere anymore.  Yea'

One month later:
I have made 3 smalls quilts and assorted sewing projects.  I still think it is a great sewing machine. I figured out that if there is problem with tension, I need to pull the thread out and redo it from step one. It might be the thread I am using.  I took a quilting class, and she said to replace my needle with every new quilt project.  Great advice. I haven't seen another machine out there that has all the features that this one has for a better price. I have found out how really great the automatic needle down feature is.  Makes turning corners so much easier. I really am glad I bought it.

8 months later:  I am still giving this machine 5 Stars.  I just don't think you can find another one out there that can do better in this price range."
"Amazon sent me an email advertising the Singer Quantum Stylist. I enjoy reading reviews on Amazon, so I checked out the reviews and I was impressed by reviews of  many  who raved about this machine. I really didn't need another sewing machine, but this one has features that were impressive for the price of the machine. In particular, I had wanted a machine with an automatic thread cutter.

The machine has 600 stitches (including several alphabets that are programmable). It is a quiet machine, with numerous sewing feet, and  more accessories than the Brother sewing machines come with. I also own a Brother sewing machine. Brother makes good machines, but this is a better machine than anything comparable in price that Brother makes.

I absolutely love sewing on this machine. The stitches are perfect and it sews smoothly and quietly. The automatic thread cutter  is used with a press of a button and is my favorite feature on this machine.

I do a lot of sewing and enjoy less mess to clean up afterwards as there are no leftover threads all over the floor or table because the machine cuts the thread exactly where it needs to be cut.
Singer sewing machines have merged with Viking and Pfaff companies. I do not know if they are using ""borrowed"" technology, but this machine has comparable features to my Pfaff, excluding the thread cutting feature. I own several older Pfaff sewing machines."
"I have had my machine for a week and I love it. I have made a pair of pants, 2 scrub tops,an 2 jackets. I really like the automatic cutter. I like being able to see the bobbin. It runs really smooth. The only thing I wish it did was make bigger letters. I would highly reccomend this machine to anyone."
"I initially purchased this machine 'like new' from amazon warehouse deals. It was broken on arrival...poorly packaged. I returned the machine and purchased it new. It arrived in original box; securely packaged. This machine is a great buy for $330. I should say that I sew every day, apparal and quilting. I have had primarily higher end machines (janome and viking) but needed a backup machine for when my main machine is out for maintenance and for when my daughter wants to sew. I have never owned a Singer and was hesitant to buy a Singer because they don't have the best reputation. I couldn't beat the price so went for it. This is a great machine considering the price point. It has lots of stitches, a thread cutter, and a number of feet are included (on higher end machines many of the feet have to be purchased separately and can range from $20 to over $100). The buttonholes are even better than those on my Janome 4900qc (but not as good as my Viking Sapphire). The only complaints I have are when comparing this machine to my higher end machine and that is not a fair comparison. The harp space is of average size which is a problem if you plan to sew quilts. I don't get the extension table which isn't much bigger than the bed...it serves no purpose. The stitch quality is good and the machine is surprisingly quiet. I've only had this machine a few days, but have experimented with all of the stitches. I can't speak to the longevity of this machine but it is a great deal! Anyone who complains about this machine has unrealistic expectations. You would spend well over $1000 (or 2k or 3k) to get any of the higher end machines with these same features. I have also owned a brother, which appears to be a popular low end machine. It sewed okay and came with lots of accessories but was poor quality, felt cheap (BTW, Brother makes a decent serger but stay away from their sewing machines). This machine is cheap but feels high quality, has some weight to it. I guess this is a result of the amount of metal in the frame. Buy it, you can always upgrade later, and this machine will be well worth the investment."
"I just received my new machine, and I am very happy with it so far. I have sewn many many projects over the years with my old Kenmore machine I bought in 1990!! I have never owned or worked with a computerized sewing machine before, so I was a little apprehensive about learning tons of stuff all over again.

Turns out, it really isn't that hard. While I think the manual could certainly be improved, it's adequate. I learned how to thread the machine and wind the bobbin in no time. I haven't mastered the needle threading yet, but I anticipate I will get that figured out. ;-)

I love that when you chose a stitch, the display shows you the type of presser foot you need. (And this package comes with quite a few presser feet, by the way!!) It takes away guess work, which is wonderful, because it is important that if you are going to use the different stitches, you need the tools to make them work well.

Please do note that this package comes WITH a hard shell case. I purchased one because the case wasn't listed. So now I have two."
"Bought this for my GF.
She loves it.
Does everything she needs it to do and then some.
Nice looking product and well built.
Good cheap price for all that it can do."
"We upgraded to this machine from a Singer 5050C and I must say this is quite an upgrade to say the least.  The amount of accessories that you receive with this machine alone is worth the price if you were to buy all of them separately.  The machine itself took a few minutes to learn (and I would definitely suggest you read the manual first and keep that manual safe since you will be referring to it in the future).  Also I would like to stress that this takes almost all the guesswork out of machine sewing because the machine will even tell you on screen what presser foot is required when sewing a particular stitch and there are many.  If you really want a solid, easy to use, and outstanding machine with lots and lots of features then this is the machine for you, TRUST ME!!!"
"I read review after review regarding the 9960 before finally going with amazon.  amazon had the best price of anyone.  I read where this machine retailed for over $800.  Packaging was great.  I could tell my machine was brand spanking new!!!  I never thought I'd buy a sewing machine online.  I was taking a chance because I really want this sewing machine to last me a long time.  I have been hung up on brother for 5 years but I really am glad I went with a Singer.  I know for a fact other brands with the same features as the QUantum Stylist 9960  sell for at least $800 and up.  Then you'd still have to purchase some of the extra stuff like extension table, narrow hem foot, walking foot, etc.  I could NOT BELIEVE all the extras that came with the machine.  I'd like to tell you a few things I've come not to be so happy with after having had it for about 2 weeks now.

First of all, I don't like the fact thats there's no top thread tension wheel to adjust like on every other machine I've had (not embroidery machines).  The motor sews so quietly andnthenthread cutter is amazing.  It does not have a RIGHT NEEDLE position, only left and center.  Bummer.  It winds an awesome tight bobbin.  I wish that the bobbin winding was like that on my old machine where you don't have to thread the hole on the empty bobbin, you just stick the bobbin on and wrap the end of you thread a few times then go.

Sewing in straight stitch mode is a dream.  Tension wise, looks great.  BUT....when I stitch any decorative stitches,even zig zag, the tension seems to be off.  I can see the top there'd coming through on the back.  I don't know if I should send it back or not.

I don't like the big bulky 1/4"" foot.  It's weird.  I haven't used the buttonhole foot or tried to do any free motion yet.  I'm still debating on returning it for another machine.  The manual is well written.  It says the tension is factory set.  I miss the slide off cover for easy access to the bobbin casing. You will have to take out screws to get to it.  I  don't like my bobbin cover it self.  It comes off  easy and should fit on more snugly, it's too loose.  My needle threader does not work.  I have to manually thread it.  The hook on the threader does not come into the eye of the needle far enough to grab the thread.  I have to give it a little push everytime to make it work.  I shouldn't have to do that.  My main concern is the tension being off when sewing anything other than the straight stitches.

Overall I love the machine for the price.  Theres just a handful of things I could pick on, and almost enough to get them to send me another one before I wait any longer.  I'll make my mind up by the weekend.

I WOULD buy this machine again and recommend it to everyone.  Even with the things I've mentioned I don't like, it's still worth the money, the things are not to terrible and I love to sew on it.  If I can get the tension to be perfect then I can live with the other stuff.
I will post another review to update this when I've tried to get my problems addresses and ultimately hopefully resolved."
"I was extremely excited to get this Singer as my new sewing machine.  I learned on a Pfaff 1030 which could only do about 5 different things.  For the first week, I did not have any problems with it.  I carefully read all the instructions and organized all the parts so I'd know exactly what to use for each type of stitch, fabric, etc.

While working on a dovetailed seam, the needle jammed and then the machine would not sew at all.  I had it repaired under warranty but when I got it home, it only sewed correctly for about 5 minutes, and then it wouldn't pick up the bottom thread at all.  I took it back for repair again and it worked fine for 2 days, but now it's not picking up the bottom thread again.  This means that the machine won't hold its timing...you cannot use a machine that won't hold its timing.  I am very disappointed.  This is ridiculous, as the machine has spent as much time being fixed as it has being used."
OMG i got it for mothers day and when i oppend it I was so happy... Ive yet to use it but it's a wonderful investment and I given myself so many projest I don't know were to start.. You won't regret it and I love the price cant beet it from original price with free eligible shipping included $329.00 I will post after I use it for it is my very first sewing machine I CANT WAIT
"Its much much cheaper to buy in the states even with postage and import duty.  But be aware, Singer produces different products for the states and therefore you will need a transformer to cope with the higher voltages in europe or the UK.  This sewing machine does not have a built in transformer.  Anyways, I manage to blow the fuse - or I think and hope, I am still waiting for it to come back from repairs.  No review for the product as such as I did not actually get to use it.  It would have been nice to be aware of this or maybe its common sense to other people!  Sent it off to Singer for repairs - the motherboard is damaged and the fuse blown (sadly the fuse did not protect it from the current overload), its not covered by the guarantee and costs 480 euros to repair!! ouch.  Cheaper to buy a brand new one.  Don't buy - sewing machine maybe great, but once it breaksdown, the repairs are way too costly."
"I bought myself this machine & I love it!  I am just starting to quilt, & it is fantastic. I love the the needel threader & thread cutter. They save so much time. The machine sews smoothly & quietly. I have made a throw size quilt & did meandering quilting on it & it worked great. Also have made a king size quilt top.  I took time to read through the manual  before I got started & found it easy to use. I have had my machine for little over a month & I like it more & more each time I use it!"
"Love the machine, the cutting, backup and needle up-down is wonderful.  I've used the decorative and letter stitching is easy to use and I put it on my quilt like ""Made with Love, Pam 2012 and it looks great.  I can't wait to get it back from the repair shop.  Only had it 2 weeks and in for repair.  When it first arrived it made a noise like the needle was rubbing and then the machine jamed up.  So I drove 2 hours away to the repair Singer and left for repair.  I talked to the repair man and he said he can fix it and they usually don't have any trouble with the Singer 9960 so am counting on the days till it returns and I'm back sewing.  I would purchase this machine for sure again.  The cutting function is really nice and a Vicking machine to get that would be $2,000."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9960-Quantum-Stylist-600-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine/dp/B004RDH7Y8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9960 Quantum Stylist 600-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;I purchased the Singer 9960 Quantum 600-stitch computerized sewing machine after my Singer 9910 breathed its last - I loved my old machine - but this upgrade  is like driving a nice sedan then suddenly cruising in a luxury SUV - I have a small business where I make handbags and this machine has already made me money. I would recommend it to any sewers. It is easy to use, has so many wonderful features and the Amazon price was unbeatable. I am thrilled with my purchase. Amazon never lets me down."
"Follow up 6/2015 I have made about a half dozen quilts with this machine and it's spent a good amount of time in the shop fixing a bobbin problem. I got it back, worked on less than half a quilt project and.....same thing again. I've read more recent reviews reporting the same issue, unfortunately I am out of warranty. I'm more than a little disappointed, I expected this machine to last longer, even for a less expensive machine. Would I buy it again? NO. / I looked at many machines, did a ton of research before making a decision. I knew this sewing machine purchase was going to have to last me for awhile. I read all the reviews, this one got WAY more praise than any of the others. (That's important to me!) It took a week or so to arrive, which isn't really bad, but the slowest I've experienced from Amazon. (This is NOT a negative). The machine came with the hard cover and that's not in the description, nice surprise! After sewing on this for two weeks I can say I am totally happy with it! It's met every challenge I've put at it, from sewing simple quilt tops to free motion quilting to putting on cumbersome quilt binding. Any problem I've had has been easily remedied. The only challenge I've had is the automatic threading feature, and I am convinced it's ""operator error"". This machine will do whatever you ask of it, as long as you ask correctly! The ONLY think I would have liked was an instructional DVD, which it doesn't come with. The book is easy to understand though. Lots and lots of extra pressure feet! For the price....take the leap and get this machine. Well worth the money, exceeds my expectations and fun to play with!"
"My old sewing machine was purchased at a garage sale years ago and it works great.  But I wanted a machine that would make free motion sewing of quilts easier.  The interchangeable longer table of this model is what first caught my eye.  Perfect for my needs.

The features that have me smiling include, the drop-in bobbin, the needle threader, the many ""feet"" included with the machine, the measuring line printed on the table surface, being able to program the needle to end up or down, and I love the thread cutter.  I would recommend this model machine to anyone who wants to update their own.  Though I doubt anyone really needs 600 different stitches.....it's convenient having them as an option.  I've already used several different ones and I've only had the machine for a short time.  Oh, and the price is right, too, don't you think?

A few inconveniences needing mention; the back stitch button is near several other buttons on the body of the machine making it necessary to remove my eyes from my sewing to find the button.  I've corrected this by using 'sugru' (also sold by Amazon) to make the surface feel different from the other buttons and easy to find without looking for it.  The lever to raise and lower the bottom feeding area is in an inconvenient place.  Plus having 2 spool holders inside the machine would enable me to thread the bobbin independently of the main spool of thread.  Lastly, I'm left handed and placing the pressure foot lever in back of the foot would have made it much easier to use.

All these are minor inconveniences when you look at the total picture.  For the thread cutter alone I will put up with these minor concerns.  I'm very pleased with my purchase and I'm happy I took the step to update my machine.  A very wise decision."
"I was feeling guilty about retiring my old machine, but I discovered one question when using the new machine.  Why didn't I do this sooner!  Love it.  Thank you to all the previous reviews that assisted my purchase."
La mquina me lleg a Espaa en 3 das!!! Slo he tenido que comprar un adaptador de corriente y a coser. Ha merecido mucho la pena la compra.
I would purchase from this store again. The product was more than I expected. The product arrived in a speedy fashion. I have enjoyed this sewing machine. I've always like Singer. No problems as of yet.
"I have to admit that this is my first sewing machine purchase but I thought if I'm shelling out money why not get some bells and whistles and this machine delivers that and more with all of the accessories that came with it, as this is one quiet, smooth and easy to use machine."
"Happy aboout this machine.  Have had a Singer for 50 years and this one just confirms my choices.  Especially happy with all the bells and whistles such as, the cut thread feature, the needle up/down selection, all the extra feet.  The only thing I don't care for is the bobbin winder, its kind of hard to maneuver.  It has all the features anyone could want."
"I've had this sewing machine a couple months now and couldn't be happier.  Features are SO easy to use. Changing the many available feet are so easy there is no reason not to try sewing techniques I'd never have tried before. There are more stitches than I'm sure I'll ever use.  I already have some favorites.  Threading the machine is easier than I thought possible.  Button holes - the machine sews the right size all by itself! I've had no problem with multiple layers of material - the machine breezes through them and over anything I've put in it's path. So easy to change width or stitch length.  I wasn't sure I'd get used to not using a foot control pedal, but I made myself try the machine 1st without it and after a short time I felt at ease and have never even plugged in the foot pedal control.  The speed slide control on the machine is very sensitive and I can vary speeds way better than I ever could with my foot control. Plus you can remain at a steady speed instead of variations you'd get using your foot control.  A great booklet comes with the machine explaining so much including what each of the feet do and how to set up the machine for each. Every option on this machine is made so easy to use. I just finished a light flannel robe and added buttons down the front because it is so easy to do!
The ONLY thing I think could be improved is the little plastic cover where the bobbin goes. It is small and pops out so easily when changing bobbins and I've had to crawl around the floor a couple times looking for the darn thing.  I know I'll need a replacement from breakage or loss.  The clearness of the cover is great because I can see if the bobbin thread is almost empty, but isn't there a better way to attach it so it doesn't come all the way off?
I'm really happy with this machine.  I recommended it to my son-in-law who is looking for a great birthday present for my daughter."
"I bought this sewing machine for my wife and she is really amazed about all features and the number of programmed stitches available! Singer is really the best in term of quality and design. With such a sale, this is a great investment!"
"I've been sewing on the Quantum Stylist for about 10 days now.  I purchased the machine mainly for quilt piecing and free motion quilting.  I have a Viking Designer SE that I use for regular sewing and embroidery.  I knew the Singer wasn't going to come close to the Viking in many areas BUT for the price of $330 this machine has pleasantly surprised me. It sews very smoothly and straight. It has a nice sound when sewing, not whiny or clunky at all. It stops on a dime, exactly where you want it to. I've stitched out all the stitches and all the buttonholes, all are great. I don't care for the alphabets, they aren't that pretty but would be good for making quilt back labels and the like. I love the slide on table that came with the machine, nice to have if I take the machine to classes. I will use the machine in a table with an insert when at home.

I test sewed a variety of fabrics such as fleece, lightweight wool, cotton knit, stretch velvet and even silk, the Stylist sewed them all well. I did change to the proper size needle and threads for the different fabrics before testing though. I think this is where a lot of people get into trouble with their machines - not using the proper needles/thread to match the fabric being sewn on. You generally will not get good results by using a cotton thread on thick poly fleece with a size 10 needle and 2.0 stitch length! Many will blame the machine for the poor stitches when it is just the thread/needle/stitch combo that is all that is wrong.

I like that you can move the needle left or right in tiny increments to get the seam just where it needs to be. Threading and bobbin winding are easy, the threader is just OK as it isn't as precise as some I've used, it does work but you have to work at it to make it work! The thread cutter was a very important feature for me, I have gotten so used to the one on my Viking that I cannot do without now. I thought a machine at this price to have a cutter was incredible! As a couple of other reviewers have mentioned, the cutter can be a bit off and not cut well every time it's used. I've noticed this happens most often if the needle is to the right of center such as when I have it 1/4 inch from the side of the foot for piecing quilt blocks. It will cut the top thread but not the bottom. When the needle is moved back to center or more to the left positions the cutter cuts both threads. I think maybe all it needs is a slight adjustment. However, when you purchase a sewing machine online versus at an in person dealer, there is no one to service these kinds of issues, unless of course you have a Singer authorized service center nearby, the closest to me is a 2 1/2 hr drive.

Someone previous mentioned the 'value added' feet package and the hard shell case that came with the machine but were not mentioned - what a nice surprise! Last, this is a big machine with a nice substantial feel, not dinky and lightweight like some similar priced machines I've tried. The only thing lacking with the Stylist is a knee lever presser foot lifter, I would have gladly paid more money for that one feature!  Overall I am very happy with this machine and would recommend it to anyone."
"I've been sewing costumes for about 10 years by hand, and finally got tired of spending months doing so. After reading reviews, comparing various specs (I am more of a tech person), and comparing prices I chose the quantum stylist. I had previously tried to learn sewing on a machine when I first started, but could not, though I suspect it was because the older machine we had was more dependent on using your right hand, and I am left handed.

This machine works very well for me, and in my first week have already sewn a few simple clothes. It allows me to use my dominant hand, and stitches very well. The guide included was very useful, and very few parts had me reading twice.

My only two problems thus far are followed.  The automatic thread cutter was the first I realized, which it's problem is that I occasionally have to hit twice to cut well. The second problem is the automatic bobbin winder, which out out 30 bobbins winded, two were wound incorrectly. One went under the bobbin half way, the other didn't stop when fully wound and became tangled. The other 28 however went perfectly, and were front the same batch of thread. My only other qualm with the machine are the feet that are included. Not all are labeled with A,B,C etc, and I need to reference the guide for now.

When purchasing, I bought extra needles and bobbins, singer brand. They aren't immediately necessary as the machine does come with enough to start a few projects assuming you don't need to sew very heavy fabric or with many different bobbins. The machine comes with 5 needles which are for light, medium, and and heavy (not corduroy/denim/leather heavy though).

The machine is bright, and fairly fool proof. I have yet to run into any problems that didn't require a quick look in the guide, which if I had used a machine before I would probably have known.

In a couple of months I will update this once I start extensive costume making, but for now I am fully satisfied."
I love this machine.  It works wonderfully well and holds the fabric very securely as it feeds through.  The selection of stitches to fit every kind of fabric and task is great.
"I had an old Singer golden touch and sew 640.  I loved that machine but it finally quit.  Took it to a repairman and repairs were going to cost almost as much as a new macine.  Searched online for the best rated for what I wanted and the Singer Quantum 9960 kept comning up.  Best of all, it was going to cost less than repairs to my dearly loved old machine, and it included tons of accessories.  Long story short, I purchased it and began using it about 3 weeks ago.  I was really afraid of being able to learn how to use this new computerized machine but I absolutely love the new machine.  Easy to learn how to use it and sews marvelously.  Have tried several complicated patterns and have added decorative stitching to many of my grandkids clothes.  They are thrilled.  Have done numerous crafts also.  I have not found anything the Singer Quantum 9960 cant handle with ease. I highly recommend this machine.  One of the best purchases I have ever made.
Love it."
"I've waited years to upgrade my sewing machine, putting it off time and again saying to myself that my bottom of the line machine still works and it wasn't worth the expense.  I was wrong... it is definitely worth it!  This machine has all the bells and whistles you could need and sews like a dream.  I initially was concerned because I had tension issues right away... doh, it was because I put the spool cap on the wrong way and my thread kept getting caught in the plastic slits at the top of the spool.  Once I fixed that it was smooth sailing.  It is amazingly easy to thread.  Personally, I also found it quite easy to navigate and was embroidering my husbands name on some practice cloth within minutes of tinkering around on it.  I love the up / down feature and the thread cutter, love the stitches, the alphabets, the variety of feet that came with it.  It transformed my sewing experience and I wish I had upgraded years ago.
I'll post again when I've had this a couple months to relate if any issues have developed."
"First of all, I wanted to point out that this machine comes with the value added accessory package as well as the hard case and extension table.  You will see that advertised on other websites, but the Amazon description does not state it.  So it was a very pleasant surprise to open the box and see those accessories included.

As for the machine, you really could not get a better deal for your money.  I'll admit, I've been pretty leery of Singer in the past few years and have several sewing machines.  I'm actually replacing a computerized Kenmore with this one and know that I made an excellent choice.  The features on this machine are outstanding.  The fact it has an automatic thread cutter was enough to get me to buy this.  The stitch quality is excellent and the monograms come out perfect.  Selecting your stitches is as easy and adjusts the stitch length and width along with tension, automatically.  But you do have the choice to set those yourself as well and that is not hard to do.  Another feature that is not mentioned is the fact the machine has dual lighting on the bed.  So not only is the area where the presser foot lit, but also the bed of the machine.  It lights up the whole area very well.  You normally find this only on high end machines.

For $329, you just can't go wrong.  I've sewed with machines that cost 3-4 times as much and this does just as well as they did.  Not to mention the amount of stitches this machine has is unreal!  Singer has definitely hit the mark with this machine and I'm surprised this isn't selling faster!

Lastly, I want to mention that you should be receiving the updated model.  Initially, when this machine came out a couple of years ago, there were some issues with the bobbin jamming.  So I think that is why some people were hesitant on purchasing this model since a number of early reviews mention this problem.  But Singer corrected this issue at the end of 2010 or beginning of 2011 and added a blue swirl graphic to the front of the machine.  So if you have the machine with the graphic, you're getting the newer version and won't have this issue."
"When the price dropped I snatched this puppy up! Just like all of the other rave reviews, believe them.  This machine is very precise.  I mostly do home deco projects.  My first project was making a bunch of napkins for every day use.  The fabric feeds and stitches evenly in a straight line with ease.

The features that impress me are:

Easy threading path
Easy bobbin winding and bobbin installation, see through bobbin cover! Note: Uses 15J bobbins.
Built in needle threader
Electronic foot control is very precise.  You can press it down once for one stitch.  Comes in handy when determining the right spot to turn a corner.
Have the option to not use a foot control and press start/stop button, has a slow motion button you can hit to slow it down while it's running.
Push button thread cutter!!  Leaves little waste to trim.  The bobbin thread cuts, but you don't see it above the needle plate. Amazing..
Reverse button, one tap one stitch, hold down for multiple stitches.  When I finish a line, hit reverse two times, hit thread cutter, lift presser foot remove!
Needle up/down button, programmable
Multiple needle positions
Most stitches can be modified in width and length when applicable in additon to tension.
Extension table!
Extensive set of snap on presser feet.
Nice fit and finish.  It feels like a well made machine.

Also, my machine came with the bonus accessory feet package you see on other websites PLUS the HARD DUST COVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Me so happy!!"
"Ms Whiz-Bang
a.k.a. Singer 9960

Is the most wonderful machine.

There are not enough words to say how wonderful the capabilities are. Able to do great things with the lightest of supervision. The only way built-in capability could get any better is, if Ms Whiz-Bang was telepathic!"
"I was so excited when I first got this machine and wrote a great review on it, but it broke in less than a year and then again soon after it was serviced which I had to pay for shipping even though the sewing machine was under warranty... I am so upset with Singer. Their customer service phone line takes more than an hour to get through if not almost 2 hours, so good luck. Don't waste your money on Singer machines. They aren't what they used to be. I have an older model and it is amazing. Might not do all the stitches the quantum does, but it works and doesn't break down 3 times in a year. My quantum was just serviced for the 2nd time and I opened up the box excited to get to work and the speed control is not working. Only does turtle slow speed. I am so frustrated and disgusted with Singer. Also my sewing machine now smells moldy. What is going on there?"
"Last Month, I purchased the Singer 9960 Quantum Stylist Sewing Machine.  What a machine this is, the stitches are very pretty, sews very quite and has a very good. I love this machine.  The service from Sewing Machines Plus was just wonderful. If anyone want a very nice machine, this is the one to get. The pricing is very good."
"I'm completely new to sewing machines. I use power tools for woodworking and, crazy as it sounds, I approached learning to use the Singer as I would a band saw that has to be tuned up just right to get the best performance out of it.

The first challenge was setting the machine up with the needle, thread, and stitch setting I want.  I ran into a couple of problems that I think made this more difficult than it should have been:

The metal thread guide inside the case top for threading the bobbin didn't hold the thread effectively.  The thread constantly slipped out and I had to use my finger to hold it in place before locking the bobbin. After a few tries I got the knack but I can imagine a better guide design that would avoid this.

With the bobbin in place, the most difficult part of threading the machine for me was the needle threader that loops the thread through the needle eye. The key diagrams in the manual explaining how to route the thread are not detailed enough, especially those showing the hook pin. I had to use a magnifier glass to find the catch on the pin that grabs the thread.  The hook pin itself doesn't come quite forward enough when contacting the needle. I had to wrap my finger around the back and push it a bit to get the thread to catch.  Again, once I got a feel for it, it became easier, but it still takes a couple of tries. However, there's no question that it beats threading the eye by hand.

I began practicing sewing with cut up pieces of old shirts I put aside for rags. Guiding the material is where I think my band saw analogy really holds up:  Using the Singer is very much about finding the balance between letting the machine do its job while gently coaxing the material along and keeping it on track. I made a mess of my first attempts until I understood how to adjust the sewing speed. As we say in woodworking, `Practice on scrap first, before using your best materials'.

The machine itself is surprisingly quiet, which helps keep you calm while you're learning!

Of the dozens of available stitches I'll likely use just a handful; the LED display is designed well to get to what I need, and the levers, buttons and switches on the machine body are clearly marked. The overall workmanship for the most part feels solid, although I have some issues:

The storage bin doesn't close completely flush with the machine base; I'd also prefer a latch or even a light spring hinge to hold it more securely. I can imagine over time having to tape that lid down.  I'm storing the machine in a closet and every time I place it down on my work table, sure enough, the bin lid pops open.

It's a shame the dust cover or more protection isn't included with a machine in this price range, instead of as an option purchased separately.  There's a half inch gash/indentation in the plastic screen that shields the LED (not the LED itself, the soft screen an inch or two above it).  I couldn't tell if it was the fault of packing or unpacking but it wouldn't have taken much to better protect it.

The footswitch is a bit on the lightweight plastic side.  I'd prefer something with a little more mass to stay put. I plan to mount it on a small piece of wood.

Finally, the table I'm using in the living room doesn't have strong overhead light where I want it and it would be nice to have an adjustable guide light attached to the machine, again similar to those found on some band saws and drill presses. This isn't really a fault of the machine, just a `feature request'.

My goal is to sew leather and heavier denims to make hand tool cases and musical instrument straps, but you have to start somewhere and, like a lot of things, it comes down to repetitive practice to build your coordination. Issues aside, I think the Singer is a quality machine that will meet my needs as I grow more comfortable using it."
"Here is the deal, I am not a tailor, and have only a teeny tiny bit of experience with sewing. So when Amazon offered me the chance to review this machine, I took it to my Mom for her expert opinion as a former seamstress and current quilter. Here's what she had to say.

Comments:
Pro  nice features
1. Needle threader,  a magnified demo of how this works would be helpful)
2. thread cutter
3. stop/ go button
4. easy speed control
5. back stitch option
6. quiet operation

Cons: (needs improvement)
1. Manual hard to read (small print)
2. bobbin winder difficult to use
3. stitch selector hard to use (complicated compared to others)
4. unclear directions on ""how to""
5. need a DVD to demo how to thread machine, how to wind button, and how to use stitch selector and embroidery designs. Using quilting, darning attachments, etc.
6. need a container for all the attachments with labels to eliminate confusion of identity
7. include a case or cover for machine
8. needs larger space in ""throat"" area for ease of quilting

> My Mom is pretty tech savvy, but she had some problems with figuring out some of the functions at first. She felt that the manual was very hard to read, and going to the web site to blow it up to a bigger font was kind of a pain, but at least she could do that. She feels it would be a big improvement to make the manual on DVD as many expensive type kitchen appliances have. This would allow Singer to show as well as tell how to do everything this amazing machine will do. But all in all, she is having a blast experimenting with this high tech sewing machine. I'll get it back once she figures it out enough to give lessons to my daughter!"
"Wow! This sewing machine is fabulous.  I am enjoying getting back into sewing.  I have never owned one with so many options.  It has taken me a little while to get used to the operation.  But it is really easy to learn.  The book is well written.  There is a digital display and lots of ""help"" on the machine.  The only thing I have had some difficulties with is filling the bobbin.  Sometimes it doesn't fill straight.  It will fill lopsided.  I have learned to go slow and watch it.  That seems to make a difference.  I always stop if it starts not filling even.

I have used the straight stitch and the blind hem so far.  I'm hoping to find some sewing projects that will allow me to utilize more of the amazing stitches this machine can do.  I highly recommend this machine for seamstresses of all levels.  It won't take you long to learn how to use it and soon you'll be making wonderful projects!"
"I loved my new sewing machine that was delivered 6/16/18 . Worked great till 3 days later now it has chewed up a quilt I have been working on for a new grandkid, it was ruined no hope for salvaging it. The machine started making a loud noise, it froze up . When I finally my quilt out from under pressor foot it snagged threads and pulled a run through it than it left a quarter size hole in the quilt. Machine runs now but it is not as quiet as before and I am only using scraps to see how it will sew. I kept boxes and now have to send it back"
"I am so thrilled with this machine!  For years, I sewed with a basic Kenmore purchased in 1977.  About 6 years ago, I decided to buy a new machine and I got a Singer FashionMate.  That machine is fine but I've been watching a lot of sewing how-to's on Craftsy and youtube and I longed to have all the neat features that high-end machines have.  Well, I got all that I wanted with this new Singer Quantum.  I don't even know where to begin.  First of all, I got so many accessories:  all kinds of presser feet (walking foot, bias tape foot, rolled hem foot, etc), the extension table, etc.  I also got all the neat features I wanted: needle down when stop sewing, automatic thread cutter, many, many stitch options.  The motor is so quiet it's unbelievable.  I can slow very slowly and have total control of my project.  I got the machine on sale (it was on sale on both Amazon and Singer and I opted to buy from Amazon due to Prime shipping in 2 days).  My sewing truly has improved just because of this machine.  I would highly recommend it."
wife likes cover
"Sews great and changing functions is very easy. I'm not crazy about the bobbin fill but I make it work for me. The decorative stitches stitch out perfectly. This is a great machine. I've been sewing for 50 years, since Home Ec in Jr High School and I highly recommend this machine !"
Love this sewing machine I would buy it again.
"This machine could make me hate sewing! The stitch looks Ok when it works, which is a crap shoot. Terrible clacking. Terrible thread nests on the bobbin side. If you lift the presser foot its 50/50 whether the stitch will still work when you start sewing again. I can do without all the fancy stitches, but I do require a sewing machine to be able to sew ordinary straight stitches without jamming and snarling the thread. Believe me, I tried everything, nothing worked. The photo with the bobbin showing shows how the thread catches on the bobbin case and makes huge nests of thread. The other two photos show the stitches front and back."
Love this machine! Great service
"I have had the 9960 for 5 years, cutter was not working after about 4 years. Bought the 9985 because it was basically the same machine but with many more stitches. 3 months later the cutter does not cut, have quit using it. The backstitch button works off and on. Contacted Amazon, was told to contact Singer, waiting to hear back from them. Love the machine, hate that I keep having issues"
"I did so much research before finally settling on the 9985.  Stellar reviews all around.  I wanted a heavy duty machine with lots of bells and whistles but I didn't want to spend a ton. Wanted an easy, no hassle, fun machine...and I have to say that this machine has some awesome bells and whistles...Im just not sure they make up for the flaws...so here are my pros and cons after using the machine for 6 months (not too heavily and with a few weeks in between usages from time to time)...
PROS:  easy to use touch screen, easy to get started out of the box, ton of diff stitches, comes with all the accessories needed for a beginner, bobbin winding system works really well, and just has a lot of overall features and automatic stuff that I imagine many other machines in price range do not have. HOWEVER...
CONS: 1)automatic thread cutter is a great feature but when it works, it usually unthreads the needle which is a giant pain and a flawed system.
2) for no reason at all, the needle will jam, the machine starts seizing and making a horrible noise and at the same time the fabric gets pulled down into the bobbin area.  Pulling the fabric out results in ruining the fabric, but theres no other option.  The worst part is that this happens for no apparent reason at all.  Ill just be sewing along and suddenly it freaks out on me.  Its very frustrating and discourages me from even wanting to sew something because I don't feel like dealing.
3) just recently, the incident above happened again for no reason but this time the jam caused the timing to go out so the machine wouldnt sew.  Took me a while and lots of googling to figure out what happened...and even more time, stress and fear to figure out how to disassemble the machine in order to get to the awkward mechanics to fix the problem, instead of paying for repairs or even figuring out where to go!  Happy to report that I was somehow able and brave enough to fix it! But then it happened again!!!!
4) speaking of fixing the timing issue...You have to disassemble most of the white plastic panels surrounding the machine just to get to the spot that needs to be adjusted.  Apparently most other (better quality) machines have easy access panels to said mechanic locations, and experts consider these Singers that require complete disassembly as throw away junk machines.  I was so so so sad to hear those words about a machine I thought was considered to be of great quality.
5) top drop plastic bobbin systems are regarded as less desirable and supposedly not as good as the side loading kind...however, I enjoy the little clear window that allows me to see how much thread is left in the bobbin.
Apparently new Singers in general are considered junk, as are Brother and many others.  Apparently all the frustration Ive been dealing with could have been avoided if I would have purchased a different brand, even a really old ugly Bernina would have been better.  So now I feel a little regretful about my purchase of this machine...though its been a great learning experience!"
"Great machine!
Came with lots of accessories, and fun stiches.
But make sure you use good thread or you will get frustrated with breaking thread and jamming (I did LOL)."
