"Have used this machine for about three weeks now. Blade is still decently sharp and the mat loses its stickiness fairly quickly. I bought replacement cricut cutter mats at Michaels and they are sufficient on this machine. They run a little bigger and some of the cuts are off every now and then but if you're in a jam, I'd definitely recommend buying those mats if you can't wait for the silhouette shipping."
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!! Only draw back to me is tutorial video format I could not get to load on my computer so I learned how to work the silhouette on my own quick. It has got to be one of the GREATEST investment I have made in my home based business!!! You simply can not go wrong buying this machine!!!!!
"I was so excited for my cameo. Everything seemed fine, but would not cut. The blade was missing from inside the black blade case! We called silhouette to confirm that something was wrong, which they did and I will be getting one in the mail a week from now. However, I was planning a series of Christmas gifts using the cameo, meaning I will be behind schedule. Very disappointing."
Great
Does not come with machine. Deceptive. Don't buy.
Absolutely hate the thing. I purchased it to cut Mylar material and for it to actually cut the blade goes all the way through the mat. The software is extremely difficult and paying to upgrade was a waste. I've only had one success attempt at a stencil..... wish I never would have purchased
This is very misleading. The picture and the review leads one to believe that the cutter is included. Well it's not!!!! It's a box with five items in it. Not worth the price. Don't buy!!!!!!
thumbs up
"I bought this over a year ago and did not use it a great deal, but was happy with what it produced.  I have had serious reasons to be away and when I started up again, everything went wrong.  I decided it was my fault (partly true) and set out to remember how to use this again.  It took about half an hour and I felt like it would finally do what I needed.  Sure enough I watched as the machine did what it was supposed to do and I was happy until I unloaded it.  It had cut the card half way and then randomly shifted to the right so the entire bottom of the card was out of sync.  I will try deleting some of my memory, but I had done that already and if this needs more juice than a MAC can provide, it is a bad machine.
Before I buy another, I will research which machine might last.  What a huge disappointment."
Great Product! It was as described.
High quality I recommend it
Great product!
My daughter was thrilled.
I have done so many creative things with this. It's extremely easy to find videos and such to learn how to make items as well
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEEEEEE this machine.  The end. :)
Love it and added the Curio this year.
"Wife does paper crafts (scrapbooking) and owns both a Silhouette (after I got this for her) and a Crickut. Has preferred the Silhouette, especially their software. Only downside I've heard from her is it can't cut the chip board like the other unit can."
"Bought this as gift to myself. Absolutely love it. Have made many, many gifts and items with it. No issues so far..."
Awesome 
love it
good
Love it. Yes you need it. Go ahead click add to cart.
Product received and in perfect condition
It was easy to setup.  I found a few youtube videos on how to print an image and then have it cut it out of the paper.  It's a multi step process.  It saves us alot of money being able to do our own printable cut outs for our jewelry making projects.
Smooth Transaction AAA+++
Prefect. Very nice and worked / fits well.
"I really like this machine. The LCD screen failed on me after a year of use, so I have to guess which command I am on to load/unload paper. Other than that I still really like this tool!"
"This is a fun product. I have been using it to make decorations for my kids birthday parties. It does take a little time to set up and learn how to use the software, but worth it in the long run to learn it all!"
Actually received the new touch screen model. No problem...2nd machine. Love the fact that I can cut any design I can get into the software....BIG plus.
Works as great!
This was my best Amazon purchase ever.  I got a pretty reasonable price on it better than it was available in the stores at the time.  It shipped fast and was easy to get started.  I have used it so much and have not had any problems at all.  Since I got this I have had tons of my friends ask me about it and order one also.  I have made lots of really great gifts and projects with this amazing die cutter.  This is way better than any of my other die cutter machines I have had in the past and I have owned three already.  Thanks for such fast shipment and reasonable pricing.
"I love my silhouette! I use this almost every day since I bought it. I love that I can cut everything from fabric, stencils, paper, vinyl all with this machine. Big plus hat it is super easy to use!"
"I've had this machine for 2 1/2 years and let me tell you...it's been nothing but a source of frustration.  I'm not a technically challenged person, and I can follow directions to the T, but this machine consistently fails to perform as promised.  I watch videos and it works great for those people, but I have either a defective or possessed machine.  It's so bad, I'm giving serious thought to sellng it and all my scrap booking and card making supplies because if something that is supposed to bring me pleasure just causes me to get upset and constantly waste my time by trying to make things work, it's just not worth it anymore.  Silhouette's customer service also sucks...you may get lucky and get a good on occasionally, but don't hold your breath on that.  I think they're trying to make their machine so versatile that what they're putting out there is just crap.  As long as you keep it simple, you might be ok, but don't get too fancy or excited because it'll just let you down!"
"I am very new to vinyl cutting, so it's hard for me to review this product to it's fullest potential. I used this to cut out a template for a vinyl pool table rack. It was easy to use and I look forward to creating more designs with it."
I love my silhoette.  My daughter and I fight over it.
It is very easy to use. Very versatile. I love the fact that it hooks up to the computer to do monograms and anything else you can imagine. Hooking it up makes it so much easier.
"Love my Silhoette! I don't use it as much as I wish I had time for but his makes cups, shirts, paper crafts."
"I am not sure where to start with this product review because I have nothing but good things to say. I decided to buy a Silhouette Cameo to help me with my small craft business. From my research online I found that this machine would be able to help me to create vinyl decals for my creations and even make stencils for when I am painting.
I picked this particular bundle because I knew that I would need a couple mats and a few blades as well to get me started. The product was packaged nicely and very easy to set up. I downloaded the software and started learning very quickly. I especially enjoyed using the trace feature which helps me to recreate images that Ive found online and even trace faces in a portrait.
Other than the tracing feature one of the things that sold me on the Cameo over a machine like the Cricut is the ability I have to use all the fonts on my computer as well as other downloaded fonts. This allows me to create a wide range of crafts. The font can really make all the difference in the finished product.
YouTube was especially helpful when I was trying to learn new techniques or trying to get advice on a project. The included blades worked well but I did eventually choose to buy a CB09 blade online and I do like that one a bit better. At times I wish that the Cameo had a wider cutting surface but for my use the 12 inch maximum works fine for 90% of my projects.
Included are pictures of vinyl that was cut out and transferred to a variety of surfaces. I also included a picture of a santa sack that was pre-printed and then I cut out the name with HTV and pressed it permanently onto the canvas fabric. This turned out great and will be enjoyed for years."
"I love you, Cameo:)"
I love this machine. Works great. So easy to set up and use.
One of the best thing I bought. Very happy with the product and quality.
Love this machine.
love
I love my silhouette!!!
"Thank you, Just as described fast shipping"
"Good price.  Creativity options are limitless.  However, I have always had problems cutting.  The paper often moves and I rarely get a really clean cut .  I know that perhaps I need to educate myself a little more on how to use it.  Much better than a Cricut because you can purchase individual images instead of pricey cartridges."
I love my silhouette!
I enjoy my Silhouette so much. I have a shirt for every occasion.
"I just received my Cameo today and trying to install and get ready for some project. It took me long time to set up the machine on my Mac. Then when I'm finally up running its asking me to update the software! Finally got that taken care of and wanna make heat transfer stuff for my son's birthday. This is when my nighmare starts! First of all, I followed the instruction to set the blade to its proper number. Trying to cut for several times, it won't work! Studied the instruction dvd and went on to Youtube for help. Apparently, I'm doing everything I'm supposed to do. After few hours of studing and trying; then to realized the feeder bar doesn't hold down the heat transfer tight enough. So it's dancing in the machine! And YES, I did secured the feeder before jobs! So disappointed and going to return this item!"
"Purchased about a year ago. Very faulty. Wasted tons of paper on it and had to end up looking up NUMEROUS tips and tricks as to why it wasn't working. Turns out shiny sticker paper is the worst, I have to constantly colour in the black box and then it'll start working for 4-5 sheets then stop working all together. The customer service is absolutely horrible as they have a mailbox that is full. You just have to hope you call at the exact right time.

I really enjoy how my products come out IF and WHEN the product actually works. My biggest regret is not returning it when I had the opportunity since $300 is a lot of money to spend on a device I barely use because the stress and struggle of making sure it doesn't ruin the stickers I try to print out is too much hassle.

This product is very great, again if it's working, but it's extremely faulty and I would honestly hope people read this review and look up the cameo before purchasing to avoid any issues. Keep your receipt or be prepared to ship it back if it's causing problems because once it starts you're not going to wanna pull it out and use it ever, I promise."
money maker
I am a airbrush artist and I purchased this item to help with airbrush projects. Best investment I made since I started airbrushing. Must get. I only gave it 5 stars because there wasn't any more stars I could give it. Two thumbs up
I like it but it was hard to figure it all out
This doesn't cut intricate stuff in adhesive vinyl as well as I had hoped. Keeps pulling up the vinyl.
"I was trying to decide between this and the cricut, in the end I chose this only due to the price!
This is the older model but that did not matter to me. Its smallish in size so fits on a shelf nicely. The software is easy to install and I love that its duel voltage. It is a bit tricky to master the actual cutting of projects, there are lots of vairables like card or vinyl thickness and how new / sharp the blade is, but if you always do a test cut you will never waste your materials.
Pros
duel voltage
lots of accessories can be bought to go with it
Made loads of Christmas presents with it
Cons
Bit of a learning curve
noisy"
"I love my Cameo! It's so versatile and can be used for various crafts.  I've had it now for about 2 years, and there are so many features that I'm still learning and trying out all of them.  I upgraded my software to Designer Plus for the rhinestone feature, and I really like being able to make my own rhinestone templates."
Wish it was wireless. Otherwise it's great!
I have done several projects with my Silhouette already!  I have wanted one for awhile and this one is the best.  Love all the additional supplies it came with so I don't have to run out immediately and pick them up.  Very easy to set up and fun to make projects with.  Seems very sturdy and should last a while!
"Awesome cutting tool with great flexibility to create your own designs , mainly used for cutting vinyl. Product well worth the money"
This was the perfect gift to myself. I have used this machine and I'm in love. If something ever happens to my machine I will order it through amazon again. They delivered it to my door with no damage and it didn't take long to get.
Great little machine- especially for starting off- great for making stickers-
"This is one of the funnest family friendly buys that I have made! It is easy to use, makes anything customizable and the kids actually ask to use it and clean up after themselves willingly!  If you do facepainting or any kind of pain with an airbrush, this is a must have item! We have been having tons of fun downloading pictures and then throwing them into the software for the Cameo and then painting them on anything that will hold still!  This really pays for itself if you are going to buy stencils, now you can make your own!"
excellent product.
Great Value! Love My Silhouette
Really like this machine.  Use it often to make gifts.
it was defected
"I bought it for my wife. She loves it. I love the quiet because she's on it all the time. It's like my Wifes babysitter now.

Pros-I don't have to put up with my Wife nearly as often.

Cons- I have to get laid in between paper changes."
"I'm having a blast with my new Silhouette Cameo. I highly recommend. It is capable of doing so much, you can't believe it. I personally only use it for card making, but the possibilities are endless if you want to explore all the other things it will do..... endless possibility !!!"
stopped working and there is no computer update for this drive so it can work on my surface computer.
"I bought this awhile back, but forgot to leave a review!  I absolutely LOVE this thing.  It does everything and more.  I still have not reached it's potential and I love the fact that I can challenge myself to create new and exciting things along the way.  I would definitely recommend the starter bundle so that you can have all of the necessary things you need to get started.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I do.  Happy crafting :)"
"love, love, love it!"
Silhouette Design Store just Jacked the cost of their designs by 30 %.  My Subscription for a year was now devalued by 30%. .  Will no longer purchased their products.
"This product has never cut right, and I have had nothing but problems with my machine. The print and cut feature is a joke. After printing the design, the machine never cuts on the lines of the design. Calling customer care is a pain as well. I repeatedly stay on hold for over 45 minutes before anyone answers, and emails to care take several days before getting a response. The customer service people offered advice to help, but as soon as I get off the phone, the machine stops working again and I don't have the time to call back and wait another hour for someone to answer or a recording to leave a message.

I have only used my machine a handful of times because it is always a frustrating experience, but now the blade mechanics do not even work at all. The blade does not go up and down to make cuts. I called their customer service and asked for a replacement, but they told me my only option is to have it fixed for over $100 or buy the newer model that works better for another $250. I am glad I didn't buy the other machines (curio and mint) like I wanted. I would have just wasted more money. I wasted so much money buying the machine and various products like all of their starter kits, paper and extra designs, and have not been able to use any of it because of a faulty machine. I had two birthday parties for my kids get ruined because I could not make all of the designs I had planned with this machine. I am so frustrated and mad about this purchase."
"Love, love, love my machine!  The wedding tool broke fairly quickly, but everything else is wonderful.  There is a bit of a learning curve with the machine, but by starting simple and not being afraid to try, it didn't take long to become a pro."
"AWESOME!!!!!  So much awesomeness.  This machine is great.  Anything you can think of you can cut out.  Took awhile to learn the software, but now I've got the basics down of outlining and altering shapes to cut out.  Great for creating vinyl, transfers for shirts, stencils, etc.  If you're still using a die cut machine - upgrade!"
"I have had my Cameo for a few years. I like some of the things it can do but it is QUIRKY. I  will be working on a project and for no apparent reason, the machine will stop communicating with my computer  and start making cuts that are nothing like what they should be or the material will shift in the machine. When I contacted Silhouette via e-mail, the responses I got indicated it must be something I was doing wrong until the warranty ran out.  If it didn't cost so much to ship back to them from Alaska I would have done so. I am now several hundred dollars into materials, software and shapes but am seriously considering other options. The most recent black mark was when the company had their big sale with free shipping in the U.S.-EXCEPT Alaska and Hawaii. I contacted them about the possibility of an affordable shipping method and was told no. NOT my idea of good customer service. To be fair, in the past I have been able to get them to ship via another method, but evidently they no longer want my business. I am an educator and cannot afford to pay more for shipping than the materials cost. I was considering buying another of their machines to use with my students, but wouldn't even consider it now. When it works correctly, it is a fun and creative machine but about 20% of the time it is faulty and doesn't create the way it should which is costly AND frustrating. Another note: The stamping material I bought from them refers the user to their website for ""detailed instructions"", but a search of the website yielded no such instructions. Silhouette needs to work on their customer service AND their product reliability. I no longer recommend their product."
"Love, love, love my Cameo!!!!
I've had it for about 2 years now and I've made so many things with it.  From birthday cards to outdoor holiday signs, this thing helps me be the crafty diy-er that I've always dreamed of being.  I choose the Silhouette over the Cricut because I wanted to be able to cut without having those cartridges the Cricut needs.  I am also a graphic designer so I love that I'm able to cut my own designs.  I've recommended this to a lot of people, one being my sister in-law who makes cards and sells them at fairs."
"Amazing what you can do with this. I bought it for my wife's scrapbooking hobby but have found myself making different things with it. I've created some labels using a variety of cutout fonts and laminating them for ""customized"" tags for my children's bags and Easter baskets. I am very surprised at the variety of projects this is useful for. Way better than the expensive and unfortunately inferior other scrapbooking type of cutting dies out there. Plus you don't have to buy pricey dies for this. There are so may free designs online. if you do need to buy any, they are very inexpensive. You will not regret buying this."
"love it, got it to create my own wedding invites."
I love my silhouette.  I use it all the time.  Arrived quickly and as described.
I love my silhouette. It helps me make all different kinds of crafts and creation.
I absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo! I recommend it to everyone who does crafts. I mainly use it for paper party banners and centerpieces.
"I purchased this machine with high hopes to cut cardstock, flock paper, transparencies, etc.  It has a library to download lots of wonderful shapes and letters.  It even has the options to adjust the depth of the blade and double cut.  I have struggled with it since I bought it.  I have contacted customer service several times and they are very responsive but still haven't been successful.  It doesn't cut through on cardstock or transparencies, it tears up the paper or doesn't cut completely through.  So frustrating."
Very good buy and wOrth the money. Was very easy to use and the direction  was clear.
"I bought this machine and have not able to print anything
First I called the company, they said I need to update my computer in order to work
I got a different computer with windows 10 and the machine work, but everything came out a total mess
so I am returning this machine, because I was not able to do anything with this!"
"Very good item, satisfied with my purchase."
"This machine is one of the most frustrating disappointments ever.  I unfortunately bought a bunch of the kits with it- vinyl, heat transfer, glass etching...so I spent over $400 on everything.

My mat slips all over the place, despite following all of the google suggestions.  It's never worked right.  Now the suggestion is that I need a new mat because mine has too many cut marks in it.  Well, I've only used it three times!

I hate that in order to use clip art I need to upgrade my account again...and since I can't get the stupid thing to work properly already, why would I invest more money?  So I'm stuck using the free images that came with the kits, or purchasing more...if I had known what an incredible money pit this was going to be, I would never have bought it.

I regret this purchase every time I pull it out."
thanks
I love my silhouette! A bit expensive but I love it. It's great for preparing for the new school year and creating classroom management ideas.
A+++++
I am so happy with this machine.  I like the fact that I do not have to purchase expensive cartridges.
It cuts vinyl quite nicely.  There are good youtube videos on how to import a jpeg image and have it cut out.
"Works way much better than my Cricut. Gives me the chance to create my OWN designs. As a graphic designer, that knows how to use and create vectors, this is the perfect machine to buy!"
I love my silhouette machine! It is so easy to use and versatile!
"Love my Cameo. Software is very easy to use, and I get accurate, predictable results every time from this machine. So glad I made the investment in it!"
"Very reliable machine! Easy-to-use, easier to understand... the software programming it comes with only takes a few minutes to begin to understand. If you are computer-savvy, you should have the whole program engrained within the hour. If not computer-saavy, you will definitely understand it by the first day. I like the simplistic buttons on the physical machine itself. Everything else is done by the computer (including settings for the type of material you are cutting and their recommendations as to what blade setting you should have for that particular material, etc). You do NOT have to be limited by the 12x12 typical board. You do not even NEED the sticky board... the machine will cut just fine without it, you just need to adjust the fact that you are not using one on the program settings. Very useful tool for crafts! I personally use mine for cutting vinyl to place on cups and walls. Love it!"
"Have enjoyed my silhouette, but it is hard to get started doing projects if you have never used one of these machines before."
great product so much better than that old style Cricut
"It took a little time for the free items to download, but the unit works good."
"We LOVE our silhouette. We still use it almost daily and plan on buying the newer model just because it has worked so well for us. We cut vinyl, fabric, paper, stencils, and iron-ons. We also use the sketch feature often. Definitely cool that you can import your own images, images from the web, and fonts."
Absolutely LOVE my Silhouette!! It has been such a help to my creativity and getting my visions turned into reality.
I have created so many wonderful things for my home with this.  It is great for gifts as well.  I love my silhouette!
"The Cameo Silhouette is perfect for a beginner into vinyl graphics or scrapbooking. I personally have used this to begin a business in the vinyl world. My only complaint so far is that it can only cut up to 12 inches. (this is very obviously printed everywhere) Other than that, the bundle comes with two blades, some tools, software, and more instructions that you will need. It is the perfect size to leave in one spot or move it around. I would recommend the Silhouette Cameo to anyone."
Not quite sure what machine this is as the newer Cameo lists at Silhouette America for 299.99 and is usually available somewhere for 269.99. Perhaps this is an error with a list price over $400.
"I bought Silhouette Cameo Starter Bundle (Old Model) on april, but only now I open the box and for my surprise there wasn't a starter kit that was describe, like extra mat (2 total), extra cutting blade (2 total), metallic pen set and pick-me-up-tool. On the box was only silhouette Cameo, 1 mat and 1 cutting blade. What happend? is it possible to send this products for me in Brazil, because I'm not at US at this time. Please give me an answer about the problem."
"Like this device just waiting for it to be open source as it's software can be cumbersome and expensive, thinking of modifying the unit's head to use other adapters will see if an extruder and modified base for depth possibility of a  laser cutter head would make this inexplicably better...."
"AWFUL AWFUL customer service... actually there isn't any customer service. You call the number on their website and all you get is a recording saying that their support agents are busy and to call back later, then it hangs up. They do not respond to emails. I did get a hold of someone through the chat feature on their website who promised me that someone would call me back today. That has not happened. I have invested a LOT of money into Silhouette products only to receive NO SUPPORT!! The silhouette studio software is clunky, slow, and the cutting is not accurate at all. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!"
Amazing machine!
Very easy to use.
LOVE IT MY SILHOUETTE CAMEO!!!!!
Great diecut machine to suit your needs!
Excellent.
"Been using it over a year now and no problems! I saved a ton of money on my car insurance! Nah, but it did save me a ton of money by custom making what I needed. Easy to setup and use."
Love my Silhouette Cameo
I cannot live with out my silhouette now. I love it.
I love this machine and all that it has to offer. Not so sure about he monthly subscription.
"Great product to make vinyl stickers.  A little difficult to learn but once you get the hang of it, you'll have your own sticker shop."
"I absolutely LOVE my Silhouette Cameo! I am always crafting making handmade cards, signs on wood or canvas, and personalizing gifts with vinyl. The Cameo is very easy to use and has lots of features making it easy to create your own designs. I prefer my Cameo to a Cricut because all of your designs are stored on your computer versus needing cabinet space for your die cuts. I have had my machine for over a year and it is still going strong. I would absolutely buy it again!"
"Countless crafts have been made with this work horse. Truly cannot live without it. Simple instructions, great customer service, and supplies are sold basically everywhere! LOVE my Cameo!"
Seems this machine has problems.
Didn't last as long as I would have liked. I expected this mat to withstand longer than it actually did. I hate how short of a life span some brands make these mats and I wish there was a better option.
"I was very excited to work with the Silhouette Cameo. It's something I have been looking for a long long time and the reviews were great.
However, the Silhouette Cameo just didn't make the cut for me. After spending hours and hours trying to make it work, I have had just ONE successful cut from it. It was beautiful and precise..but the amount of effort that went into was too much. What is the point of buying a machine if it does not reduce effort?
I will outline the positive and negative points of the Cameo now.

POSITIVES:
(a) The software is simple to use for designs bought in the Silhouette Store.
(b) The blade is easy to adjust.

NEGATIVES:
What makes the Cameo fail? I would say it is:
(a) The Mat. Just in a couple of uses my mat was torn and scratched. It was never directly exposed to the blade. Without the mat, the entire instrument is useless.
(b) The software is unbearably annoying if you wish to work with your designs.
(c) The relationship between paper thickness and blade sharpness needed is unclear.

Here's to $400 (including all the accessories I bought for it) down the drain."
Worst Present my wife said...She likes here Cricket better...go figure
Works as directed.  Would purchase again.
This machine has delivered all that it promised and I haven't even scratched the surface of possibilities!  Easy to use with automatic upgrades.
"Biggest waste of money ever.  After trying to cut vinyl 8 times and being successful once, I just trashed the whole thing!!!  Bad cuts, tearing vinyl, impossible to weed.  It's not worth getting upset over any more.  This is nothing but a toy, and a bad one at that.  I now have a ton of vinyl and accessories that are useless to me. I am looking for a better cutter."
"Purchased this for our daughter, and have had a great time learning how to use (there is a learning curve) and create.  For those who have purchased and are frustrated with the lack of a good instruction book, do a web search for instructional videos.  They were a tremendous help!"
"Very good machine, easy to use"
Great buy with all the extras
What can I say? I LOVE my Silhouette Cameo! It does good job cutting and sketching as well. Love that I can print and cut and the software is easy to use. Not sure how I survived without one for so long... I kissed my paper punches good bye!
I love it! In hindsight I would have got the starter bundle it has so many more accessories and extras.
Like it
I really enjoy my Silhouette CAMEO and have made many projects on it.  I just wish there were more instructions on how to use it so that I could get the full benefit of the machine.  There are a lot of tutorial from other users out there to be found on youtube and I am grateful for that because without them I would be completely lost.
Works great.
You can even use a small piece of the vinyl cut into a square to cover your laptop camera. :D
Bought this as a gift for someone. She loves it! You will not regret buying this for someone or your self.
"Love my Silhouette, I wish I would have bought it sooner."
"I love this and it is great to have for scrapbooking, glass etching, etc...  Very easy to use.  The updates Silhouette studio designer edition has very few extra features.  I would not purchase it separately, but since it comes with the starter pack, it's good.  The mats gunk up very quickly and the blades wear out if you are using thicker materials like cardstock or scrapbook paper.  Apparently the mats can be cleaned (haven't tried this yet).  I have had 2 mats and 2 blades in the year I have had this.  Bought directly from silhouette around black Friday and got a good deal, but shipping took a month."
LOVE my Silhouette!
"Bought for my daughter Bithday on the 9th of May. She going to be so excited. For when she see,  what she has gotten. She'll love it truly. Thank you Amazon Prime!"
"Rapid send, Packing good but I receive tools not fully item. Any spatula tool. I'm not serious."
Great bundle when starting out.
Got fully misaligned and broke after a few uses.
Great for making things for friends
not the best purchase for a ONE TIME PROJECT kind of crafter...it takes a lot of time and dedication to learning how to use it properly.  recommend only for serious craft project people
I love this machine! I just wish there was a class or something on how to make your own designs.
Excellent machine - I use it almost daily :)
Not accurate for anything other than their designs.
"I used the Cameo to create three 4.5"" x 4.5"" cards as prototypes for my business and it worked great. So, I spent time designing and gathering paper and materials to begin creating and the thing hasn't worked for over a week!! Each time that I load it I receive a message ""Registration Failed"". I've watched every video online concerning this issue with the Cameo and there's just no clear answer as to why I'm receiving this recurring message. There isn't any tech support over the phone either because when you call you're inevitably going to get an automated message that says ""Send an Email"". I would return it if I could."
"Be prepared to have a lot of patience and to waste a lot of paper and ink.......The software is AWFUL and takes up a lot so much cpu/ram (whatever it's called) that it makes my itunes skip. I  get really pissy having to put the mat in over and over again because it rejects my registration marks (more often than not, it rejects them) and when it doesn't, the cut is off enough that it irks me and I have to do the whole thing over again."
I LOVE this product!! It's user-friendly and I've been more productive with this than the Cricut I owned before.
Wow an awesome product. I am so happy I brought this machine. It even sings when it is working.
Gift.
I LOVE IT! It does so much!
Love my Silhouette
"Best buy ever, this item is so great.  I have done so many projects from scapbooking, card making to vinyl projects and school projects with my son.  Would definitely recommend this item for anyone that wants to create."
Exactly what I asked for.
One of my favorite tools behind my 3d printer.  There are so many things you can do with this tool.  It mostly gets used with pepakura for me.
"I have the Cricut Explore, but I gravitate back to the Silhouette Cameo every time I have a project to do. The workspace program is awesome and I upgraded to the Designer software, which adds some other features. Highly recommend!"
Thank you customer support for your prompt reply. my machine does not work and waiting to see if a new cord will solve the problem...but until it does I can not give a higher rating.
Love it!!
shipped quickly and arrived without damage. love the cameo! even cuts felt! i do suggest going a head amd purchasing additional blades for other materials you may use.
This was the best investment ever.  I couldn't be more in love with this machine!
"Not the latest model,thought I was getting the latest model. Price was high enough"
Wife gift
Christmas present to my wife.  She loves it. I use it occasionally for custom stickers and decals.  Works great!
I love this machine!
I love my silhouette cameo. It's not too easy or intuitive at first. I like that this had all I needed to get it started. I use it for small projects and scrapbooking and so far I am not dissapointed...just wish I could use it more.
Girlfriend loves it.  Easy to use and setup.
"i love'n it my cameo, excellent cutter machine"
will be buying again
"great seller, great product"
good
I love this machine!
Great Product!
"Bought this for my daughter.  She is very, very happy with the quality of this kit."
bueno
good
What a piece of junk. Nothing works and all the papers I have stick to mat and won't come off.
Product as described! Very good!
"I have had my cutter for 7 months now and absolutely love it. I have made 10 times what I paid for it doing decals and shirts for customers. It recently stopped turning on and I had to contact customer service. It is still under warrenty so the company is going to fix/replace it and I should be up and running again. I would definately recomend this product to anyone in the market for a cutter. The software is super easy to use and I LOVE the ""trace"" feature on it."
"What a piece of JUNK.
I bought this for my wife and she's used it a total of 5 times. Why? Because it makes a terrible grinding sound and support has told us we're SOL on returning it.
F Silhouette. Never again."
"I love this. I love the ability to create my own designs. They have great designs also, but you can do so much more when you create your own. I have had no problems with this. I use it a lot. Once it starts to not cut as well, I replace the blade and it cuts great again. I don't have to replace the blade very often either."
great but not easy to Handel
Omg I absolutely love this machine. Wish there was a manual or something that teaches you how to use the software.........I can barely do basic stuff...like purchase then cut. I prefer a book over online tutorials.
"The best cutting machine, it has worked great."
Awesome machine. works great
"Great product, but a few disappointing features. I did lots of research before purchasing and was so excited that this cameo supported advanced design programs, such as Adobe Illustrator. Sihlouette America fails to tell you that it requires you to pay for that feature. Switching from Illustrator to their design program isn't an easy task with someone used to Adobe Products. I struggle every time to get my Illustrator files to open in the studio - the youTube videos and blogs out there aren't always accurate. The machine also doesn't register very well. If you want something that cuts in precise locations this isn't for you. When loading the paper it's quite arbitrary to where it will cut. Lastly, the mat and the blades don't last very long, personally I think it's a long-term catch for continuous purchases from the company."
Love it!
"Absolutly the best thing I have ever purchased.  LOVE my machine.  The possibilities are endless.  There is always a bit of a learning curve with new things.  Once I learned how to adjust the cut settings and speeds for the vinyl I was using I was ready to rock and roll  by the way, not all vinyl is created equally, different colors may require a different cut depth and/or speed. There are a bazillion youtube videos out there for projects and troubleshooting."
"I am not generally a crafty person but I have to say that this machine has turned me into one.  I love all the features and YouTube videos are great for learning.  Every time I start one thing I find 2 more I want to try.  I really do like the machine.  The reason I give it only 3 stars and not 5 is due to their customer service.  As long as you have no issues and never need to reach customer service for anything then you will love this product.  If, however you do need to get some help you are on your own.  Have tried multiple times to reach them during their business hours.  I have sent them emails telling them I am trying to reach them and have not even gotten back a ""thank you for contacting us"" automated reply or anything.  It is like I am trying to reach a void.  Also, just got an email about a sale.  Followed the link which asked for promo code.  No promo code in the email that I can find. Strange."
"This machine is really awesome. It cuts the most beautiful designs you can imagine. The only thing that is hard is calibrating the needle for the thickness of the paper you are using. Also, the stick part of the cutting mat is really sticky, so its kind of hard to peel the design out. But once you learn how to use it you can do anything and everything."
"Although this machine was fancy, amazingly talented, and every women's dream... I sold it after only a couple of uses. I needed it to cut felt. THIS MACHINE DOES NOT CUT FELT. at least not well. I couldn't even tell what the shape was supposed to be after cutting it, because the felt would move all over. So great machine for paper and other things, but not for felt. I even tried the fabric blade, didn't help."
Amazing price and my mom loved it so much
"Bought for my wife for Christmas, she loves it. I'm not sure what it does, but my sister told me to get the tool bundle one because it's the most versatile."
:)
Good Machine!
"Almost had this a year now and have a ton of items made for my Wife to sell at the craft shows. it is very easy to use and got better when i upgraded to the Silhouette Premier Program. I have done everything from Outdoor business signs to multicolor decals. I still have a little trouble when the letters or design get to small, but thats inherent to any blade cutting machine. over all Great Purchase."
"Christmas gift for my daughter. Good price and deal. We are both teachers so she uses it for crafts, banners at her home and we both use it for school things."
"Scored this for a great price, and it is an awesome machine!!"
Love my Silhouette Cameo.
"I am rating this 2 stars for lack of sales or technical support.  After 4 days of talking to voice mail, leaving my phone number I could not get my questions answered.  The user manual troubleshooting section is worthless, does not even answer basic connectivity questions.  Luckily I have a friend who is a hacker and found a way to get my Mac to talk the Silhouette (after 2 days)."
Totally fun making vinyl stickers with the Cameo. Will never get tired of this! :)
couldnt love anything more than this.
good~! Excellent~!!
"I love my Cameo, still finding things it can do! I like the ability to get designs off the computer and not have to purchase cartridges. Less storage and don't purchase what I don't need. Also like being able to get any size I want of a design."
"Love this machine. A little bit of a learning curve but it has so many options. I much prefer it to the Expressions machine, which did not last long for the money we spent.  This machine hooks up to the internet so one can purchase and download new items to your computer library. Once there they are always available to use. This kit was a wonderful all around purchase. I like that I can go to the Silhouette home page and choose so many options. Nice to not have to spend 30 to 40 for a cartridge that you will only use a few items from. This allows you to pick out those you will use. This company always seems to have sales on downloadable products as well."
love it just wish there was a better book for it
I love love love this machine.  I am obsessed. I am so happy that I ordered it.
Gift for the wife who is really into scrap booking and making cards.  This works perfectly and saves a whole lot of money compared to buying patterns and punches all the time.  You can get VERY CREATIVE with the Silhouette and this starter kit really gets you off running.
Excellent
"I love this thing! I make tags, T-shirts, scrapbooking designs. This is the best deal I found online."
Great machine.  Love all that it can do.
Great gift!
Works great with thin fabrics and vinyls but really struggled with thicker faux leather fabrics. Once you use a thick material the image gets distorted toward one side of the mat.
Amazing product!
When I first hit the confirm button to buy this machine I was having buyer's remorse (I never would spend this kind of money on myself) but since then I have not regretted it one bit!!  I love it and recommend to anyone that is thinking about purchasing it to take the plunge!
"This is a fantastic starter bundle; I previously owned a Silhouette SD (the same size as the Portrait that replaced it), so it is nice to get the 12"" x 12"" accessories at the same time. The Cameo is really versatile, and is quieter than my previous model."
"Awesome. I have owned the Cricut, and I am in love with this Silhouette. It is a fantastic, quality machine capable of so much."
"To me the best cutting machine on the market. This machine cuts 12'' X 12''. The designs are purchased online from Silhouette for a very cheap price. Designs can be combined and changed. At present they have over 6,500 designs with over 300 new every week. The machine is simple to use as it tells you on the computer what to do. Basically you pick the material like cardstock, Machine tells you what to set the cutting blade at and you hit start. Love, love , love it. Have had the 8 1/2'' X 11'' Silhouette for over 3 years and it's still working strong."
Fast Service and of course GREAT product
"I purchased this as a gift for an ART Teacher. It has performed flawlessly and has greatly improved consistancy and productivity for her.
She has added on several additional features and truly enjoys getting creative with design ideas etc.
Product has held up very well and gets used quite a bit. Highly recommended"
Little bit of a learning curve. But lots of fun and only hampered by creativity once it's learned.
"LOVE THIS MACHINE!  Great customer support, unlike many of the other cutter manufacturers."
LOVE LOVE LOVE....
This is an amazing product. Have used it for all of my children's party decorations and games.
"This is the cameo 1.  I really like it, no complaints, I just wish it was easier to tell which version you were getting."
"There is a lot of potential, but don't expect it to work fantastically for fine detailed work unless you are willing to go over it with a knife. Even though I was using relatively thick card, the blade should have easily cut through. It was fine in some areas but not in others, even on straight lines. I bought the Designer Edition software which is great for doing my own designs but it seems to get super slow if you add sketch effects to the fonts such as a pen line, and it crashes often. Apparently the possibilities are not as limitless as I originally thought when I bought the Cameo. Essentially, its great if you keep things simple, it gets a bit more frustrating if you want to do bigger, more complex jobs."
"Great product, fast shipping"
Best ever!  Arrived quickly and love the machine - way better than the cricut!
Best cutting machine I have had.  Better than Cricut hands down.  So much easier to use - and actually works.  I had 2 cricut machins and an e-craft before this. Wish I could have found this first.
excelent
The machine is much louder than I'd prefer but it works as expected. I love it and wish I'd discovered it sooner!
"OK, My wife actually does love her Cameo but dealing with their Customer Service has caused us to give this product a 1 star review. The problem is with their software. When it (the Silhouette software) started crashing we were sent detailed instructions which required us to delete the library of all of the items that were bought from Silhouette. After re-installing the software you simply recover your (paid for) library from Silhouette. Great....worked like a champ. BUT.....you can only recover your bought files 3 times before it locks you out. Why? These are items that we own. To make matters worse a message pops up stating that you have recovered your files too many times and you need to call CS. We called CS on Dec 29th and were greeted by a recorded message saying how all of the representatives were busy so we were instructed to leave our name and number and a friendly CSR would return our call within 24 hours. Well it's been over 40 hours now and we have not heard anything. We have placed at least a dozen more call to them but all we keep getting is the recorded message. My wife had planned to use her Cameo to make decorations for a New Years party but I guess that won't be happening. When all these orders were placed Silhouette was happy to immediately take our money (via paypal) but they said nothing about the fact that we weren't really buying anything at all.....apparently we were only renting it from them."
This is a great tool. The software is easy to use right out of the box.
I cannot even put into words how much I LOVE this machine!!! It has opened up a new world of possibilities for me.  If you are even considering Orhan a cutting machine. .... do it! Buy the cameo!!!
if you are thinking of buying this machine for a hobby then do it and there isn't much need to buy more blades right away i have used this cutter every day for a year cutting thousands of yards of vinyl and paper and glitter vinyl on one blade just last week replaced it just to see if it was getting dull and the new blade was just the same as the old.
I love it.  The machine works great.
Delivered as expected.  Wonderful product
Received this kit from my wonderful hubby for Christmas.  I have yet to use the machine but I have a dear friend who owns one & I have seen how wonderful it can be.  No more cartridges!!!
Love it
"I have owned it's little older brother, little older sister and of course it's daddy. All coming from Graphtec says something in itself. I have cut a quite a bit of vinyl etc. When I had 10,000 cigar labels to cut I did not do them on a Robo Craft, but i think it may have done it. I tried out the Cameo decal cut out feature and I think the little machine is going to be just perfect for the needs I have at this time.
I am going to use it semi commercially and I think it's perfect for all of your home crafts. I don't think anyone can bad mouth the Cameo, as it does exactly what it is represented to do."
Love this machine! Super easy to use and it does so much stuff.
I LOVE this thing!!!!! Saved me tons of money for Christmas I made all of my presents! Omg I'm in love and have no idea why I didn't buy this sooner. Would totally get 10 stars if I could!! And VERY  easy to use
Incredibly useful crafting tool
"Fantastic tool for crafting. Has a learning curve, the mat doesn't stay sticky that long if you have pets so buy some spray that will get it tacky again. For fabric cutting you'll need to pick up starch and good light interfacing or heat n bond."
i love this machine ..thank you so much
I love this machine. So much better than the cricut.
"I just got mu cameo today and Im having problems with my blade. The blade won't adjust! after a lot of effort I was able to move from 8 to 4 but that's it! It won't move from there. So I tried cutting something in 4 and nothing happened, nothing was cut. I also need to mention that the click sound that the blade makes when adjusting, well that does not happen with mine... so, so far I just assume that it is not working. I would love if the seller could give me more info on the matter."
"I had a Silhouette cameo for nearly two years until it stopped holding the mat in properly because the rollers went awry.  I purchased this new machine thinking it had all these new fancy bells and whistles...in my opinion nothing but hype.  One of original blades it came with was broken so I had to choose to return the entire unit or ""eat' the blade.  I returned the the entire bundle and ordered the old style machine.  I know now that I can't use a cricut mat and that's ok...but the older version is just as god if not better."
LOVE MY SILHOUETTE!  BEST THING EVER!
good
I love this. Use it every day. Gives me the freedom to design my own strencils!
Great machine but a big learning curve for me.  I am a senior citizen so it has been slow learning for me.  Have good friends that have helped me a lot.  It is worth the work.  I have a Cricut  but the Cameo is more versatile.  Loving it more and more.
excellent product. exactly as advertised and arrived very promptly
"It's amazing the projects you can do on this machine!
So much easier than the Cricut."
Great little machine....it's a workhorse
"This is a great little machine, i really have no complaints(its a bit noisy tho). i just suggest to read the directions completely so you know how everything works, when i first got it hooked up and started playing with it i messed up a few projects just from not taking my time and reading the directions. Once i finally figured it out you can do alot of cool projects and save your self some money making your own unique items!!"
The machine is great and would recommend to anyone needing a machine like it.
Makes arts and crafts much easier!  Glad I bought it!
"I am a little slow on the learning curve, but if you can Corel or Photoshop, you can use this tool.  I have downloaded some shapes, but truly, I like doing my own.  They cannot do a couple things I want to do ...yet, but when I have called for help, the service is GREAT.  This product is a lot of fun."
Bought this item as a gift during a lightning deal. My wife absolutely loves it. She's created so many things with this there are too many to list. She also bought kits for glass etching and other items.
I love this product.  The website is very user friendly and the support people are super helpful.  I had a basic question before I ordered and they answered my question in a quick and friendly manner.  Highly recommend this product.
Excelent
The CAMEO arrived on time and has been my favorite die cut for all projects I create for home and church.  The Silhouette CAMEO gives me complete control over what I want to create and cut.  I can redesign everything to fit the need.  I highly recommend this product.
Did I mention I love this product! Anything you can thing of you can make . Great for the crafting enthusiasts!
Love this machine. Takes a little getting used to the software but there are many YouTube videos that are very helpful. I use my mainly for vinyl cutting. I find that the blades go dull quickly when I use thick scrapbook paper so I have a designated blade for that reason. I definitely saved allot of money by making my own personalized signs for my wedding. Well worth the money.
Arrived promptly and I love it!
Love my new Cameo I.  Have been making lots of Christmas cards since I got it and it has been working wonderfully.
Good product. On time delivery!
Love it.
Very happy with the product!
I can't stop making cards. I try to incorporate this machine into every aspect of my life.
"Love the cameo so far! I'm still learning and discovering the things that this machine will do. Thank goodness for YouTube, because there is so much you can do, it easier to search for a specific tutorial when you need it. Machine came very well packaged and was very easy to connect to my computer and set up.  My very first vinyl project turned out great! Very excited to see what this machine will do for my craft business!!!!"
"Have a friend that has one , so we were excited to be able to put it right to work. Had a little trbl. Upgrading the soft ware , but that was only a small problem. Used it on a children's project and it worked perfectly. It came promptly and in good condition. We are pleased with every thing about this purchase."
"I use my Cameo constantly. It's a necessity for any crafter. There are so many options available, from cutting scrapbooking accouterments, to cutting heat-press vinyl to make a t-shirt. It's really just the best tool in my arsenal."
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my Cameo!!!!"
Good stuff!!!! A must have.
Very good product and the shipping was fast also.
"I loved the Portrait, so I thought I would upgrade. Mistake. This machine grinds, skips, and jumps around when cutting even a straight line. If I still had the box it would have been sent back. Unfortunately since I can't send it back, I just have to deal with wasting several sheets of paper to get one clean cut I can use."
That's great !
"fun, fun, fun!  love this"
"Excellent product, arrived in a timely manner"
A++ shipping and product!
LOVE LOVE LOVE my Cameo. Had it a year now and with everyday use its still perfect. One of the best purchases I have ever made.
Amazing!
love this machine
"I love my Silhouette, and can see many fun days ahead.  However, be very very careful with the mat.  I didn't have my designs set in the right place in the software, and the cut missed the mat.  Thankfully I only had the knife set on 3, and it didn't cut through the mat.  But, now, anytime I want to cut something small and intricate, those cuts don't come out as sharp on the area where I scored the mat.  Therefore I am very thankful that Amazon includes an extra mat with this purchase.  This was the best price I could find for what is included.
It cuts very well, and fast enough, but does make some weird noises in the process, so be aware of that.  The included printed instructions could be better.  The software is good, and pretty easy.  The Help area within the software contains the software manual, and that seems to be in depth enough.  I watched several YouTube videos, and those were somewhat helpful.  But, the software this model comes with is just fine to start.  Included are 50 designs, and of course this one also includes a $25 gift card to buy more from the Silhouette store.  My only complaint with the Silhouette store is that most of the designs are very small.  You can enlarge them, but when there are other intricate parts to the design, it gets harder to keep everything neatly organized on the screen.
If you are interested in scanning in your own designs and creating SVG files so that you can cut fabric and make applique embroidery files, for example, you'll need the software upgrade to Designer.
Amazon packed this very well, and it arrived safely.  This is a great deal."
I've been using this for a few years and I can't live without it. The things you can do with this thing are limitless! I love it.
Wife loves it for her crafts
"excellent! Shipping from Amazon was quick and nicely packaged, thanks!."
Love it ! So worth the money. Use it all the time to make individualized gifts for my referral sources
"Decent machine, saves a lot of time for stencil work and can cut pretty small if you get the settings right.  The software is really lacking, but does the job."
I am in love with this machine! I have a ton of projects I can't wait to get started on!
"I bought my machine about 3 years ago and it is still performing the way it did when I got it. Read many reviews about the machine before and after I got mine and can't believe how anyone could give this die cutter anything but a 5 star rating. The only problems I have had are ones that I created myself. There is a bit of a learning curve with the machine and the software. After using it for a while my learned abilities make this machine priceless. Liked it so well i bought one for my daughter for Christmas last year. Planning on buying my other daughter one also because she loves what Mine can do. I a carpenter and woodworker and find the use of the die cutter very valuable in what I build. I have said many time that it's probably the greatest machine that I own. All I can say is you are looking to buy a die cutter, this is the one for you."
"Don't get me wrong, I think Silhouette have the best consumer cutting machines out there, that don't depend on a cartridge system. I own an SD, a Portrait, and a Cameo. I love the fact I can design my own patterns. I can also design in Adobe Illustrator, and send it to my Silhouette machines.

My older machines are both in working order, despite me having cut probably thousands of items on them.

 I wasn't using my Cameo very often, as the mountain of card stock I have is letter sized.

My husband said, ""why not use it more?"" So, I started to use it more. Well, I am not as happy with the Cameo as I am with the other two. Why? you ask. Well:

I don't usually call customer service unless I have read the instructions, gone through any troubleshooting suggestions, and read forums online about the product or service I am using.

1. From conversations with customer service, the Cameo is not designed to use the Portrait mat. The pinch rollers do not have notches in the correct place to hold the Portrait mat, so the Portrait mat moves slightly, giving you slightly off cuts. If the notches where less than a centimeter to the right, it would accommodate the Portrait mat. It would be a fairly easy fix for Silhouette to make on newer models, but I was told that they wanted to make it simple so less technically minded users can use it. But I disagree, I am a techie, and it is frustrating me, so what is less technically minded person going to do when their mat doesn't fit?

I had suggested putting more notches for the pinch rollers, so you have more control over the mat size used, and make it more cost effective when cutting smaller pieces. Yes, I know their in the game to make more money, but if people can't use a smaller mat, when they state  ""Adjustable rollers allow you to use different cutting mat sizes and a variety of materials"" When this is clearly not the case. They need to amend their blurb, or better yet, fix the problem. For people who have already bought a Cameo, the company should create some sort of clip on roller, that we could snap in place, to allow us to use our Portrait mats.

2. The Cameo mats are costly, and if you use a lot of letter sized stock, you are wearing out 2/3 of the mat, and the other 1/3 never gets used. Hence the reason I wanted to use a Portrait mat in it. What if you want to cut one small piece, you currently have to use a 12 x 12 mat, which is expensive.

3. I have had trouble getting my computer to sync with it via USB. I am a techie, and know how to sort problems out on my computer, but, if you are not a technical person, it means contacting Silhouette to resolve this problem.

On the plus side:

The machine does have an SD slot to cut straight from it.
The pause button is very useful, and it does allow you to adjust cut settings from the display.
It is capable of cutting 12"" card
Looks lovely sitting at your workstation.

I really wish with all my heart that this machine did what I needed it to do, and what it states it should do.

If you don't cut much, but when you do, it is on 12"" cardstock or vinyl. then this is the machine for you.
If you use a lot of letter sized materials, then I would buy the Silhouette Portrait.

If Silhouette America come out with a fix for this problem, then I will give it a higher star rating."
"The holiday season is here, time for expensive treats to self and gifts for others.  There are several of these kinds of tools on the market now.  This one is aggravating, to say the least.  An analogy would be setting your oven and timer to bake a cake.  The first one burns to a crisp.  The next one is raw in the center.  The third is burnt on one side and properly done on the other.  There might even be one raw in the middle, properly cooked on one side and burnt on the opposite side.

This is what using this infernal machine is like.  I NEVER know what the output is going to be.  I will do a test, it looks fine.  Then I put in a large piece of expensive paper and it is a mess.

What prompted this rant today is that I just cut out some rhinestone templates using Silhouette brand template material on a brand new mat using the proper settings.  I have done perhaps 6 rhinestone templates.  Some of them will cut all the little holes out, some will be like the above cake analogy.  Today's was like the raw middle/burnt side/properly cooked side.  Maybe 40% of the holes were cut and came out cleanly when removing the template from the mat.  A big chunk of the template backing stayed on the mat.  When I tried to pull it off, the adhesive layer of the BRAND NEW MAT came off with i!  I am not a strong person.  I had noticed this particular mat was a lot stickier than others I have used.  But, there again is part of the inconsistency.  Wasting materials and supplies is part of the very expensive cost of using and owning this machine.

The machine operates inconsistently.  The materials are inconsistent.  The cutting is inconsistent.  The sketch pens are inconsistent.  The material does not cut out very well, and today I found out that cutting fabric (the main reason I bought this machine) requires using interfacing with the fabric.

On the plus side, customer service did replace some card stock that arrived damaged.  They replaced a tool that did not work.  I told them several weeks ago I thought this machine was defective, and they do not seem to think so.  But the more I use it the more I am convinced it is.  New mats, new blades, simple or complicated designs, none of it matters.  Sometimes it works right but more often it does not.

I use a Mac.  The Silhouette software crashes regularly."
Love the cameo it has so many more uses then I could have ever imagined.  When comparing to other products I knew this was the one I wanted to purchase without hesitation and I made the right choice. Its easier to use and offers more crafting choices and designs then some other big name brands.
"The bundle that came with this Silhouette was a great value. Unfortunately, the cameo didn't work correctly right out of the box."
As Advertised
Very happy with my pirchase
I love this die cut machine.  I've been using it for almost a year now.  It gives you so much freedom to make what you want.  You don't have to buy a cartridge full of designs you may never use to get the one you want.  You can make your own designs with clip art.  It is wonderful!  Way better than a Cricut.
"This a treat for anyone who loves crafting. Whether it is custom wine glasses, holiday cards, casserole dishes, or T-shirts... You'll love it."
"Fantastic, came quickly and I got even more than I expected ! Very happy with purchase. Thank you!"
This was one of my best purchases ever. I love my Cameo! I'm still learning many things I can do with this machine and am improving on the cutting process. There are all kinds of videos online to help you with just about anything to do with this machine.
"Great product, takes a little practice."
"Wow, I can make anything!  Cardstock, adhesive vinyl, poster board.  Unlike some devices that use cartridges and don't require a computer hook-up, you have to be comfortable using your computer to control this one.  For me, it's worth it!  You get complete creative control, all your familiar fonts, ability to draw, import, resize, rotate;  and it can automatically trace a photo you import.  The software is very capable, and is easy to use if you ever used drawing software before (even like that in Word processor).  And plenty of examples and tutorials online if you have a question."
Great set.  Great product. Love it.
"I reviewed many different ones before ordering this. There is an update (of course,) since I bought it which makes it even more competitive with Brother Cut n Scan. I highly recommend joining the yahoo Silhouette group because so many of your questions will be answered and it's a great way to get ideas and tutorials (this is a really sophisticated machine/software combo.) One note ... it says it comes with free designs. They are downloaded only when the computer is attached to the Cameo. It's great to have guests pick out a design from your library and watch it work especially the 3d stuff. Then give it to them, like a little gift box or card."
I purchased this for my mothers birthday gift. She absolutely loves it. It can do some many things!!!!!! It is perfect for an artist like my mother who works in many different mediums!!!
I love my silhouette! It is EXACTLY what I wanted! I can't believe how many things it can do!
the only thing negative I have to say is thata the white sketch pen that this product include does not work. very sad :(
Great!
"Love the machine, but did not get all the stuff that is suppose to come with it. But amazon was very nice and gave me 50% my order to make up for it."
@Shawn M can I have it.?
"Love the machine, so very versatile"
LOVE IT!!!
"The design is good.  Cuts are very good quality at least sometimes. I haven't had luck cutting anything except card stock since I purchase it.  The machine cuts a different depths depending on where the cutter is between the left and right side of the unit. This problem had destroyed several mats and cutters and all they company will tell me is try a new mat and cutter.
So while the card stock will cut if I run the cutter deep, it destroys the mat in places where the cutter runs deep.
I can tell by other reviews that many of these machines are great but I seem to have received a lemon.  Unfortunately, their tech support leaves a lot to be desired.  Even though my machine is clearly defective, I keep getting told to try things that have already been attempted.  I have given up and this machine will be retired to the garbage.  While it may be a good device when it works, if the support isn't there to stand behind it then it may as well be a paper weight."
"LOVE this bundle, this machine is fantastic!!!"
Works great!
"Fast shipping, great product!"
Very useful info and great product.
Great Item
Excelente
My husband got this for me for my birthday. Absolutely love it!
"I loveeee this machine. I love that I don't have to buy cartridges - I can print designs I purchase in the store (which are only .99 cents or less) or create my own designs. This machine will pay for itself just in the money I save on buying stencils alone. It's also saving me from having to buy embellishments and it has taken my mixed media art to the next level. It definitely was a learning curve, but there are tons of youtube videos out there to help. I was a little disappointed that less than 2 weeks after I bought it a new one came out but the new one has features that aren't necessarily important to me so I'm not too disappointed. I definitely recommend this to crafters and mixed media artists. It's well worth it!"
great silhouette work will
"I've been using silhouette since the very first one came out. The Cameo itself does really awesome stuff, and I love it. The mats make me extremely frustrated. They are way too sticky when new, work good for a few times, and then lose all their stick. I end up taping my paper to the mat, which is very annoying and also doesn't always work well. I frequently end up with ruined cuts (and wasted time) due to the mats either being too sticky or not sticky at all. Everything has to be perfectly flat and cut at the right thickness or the blade will start to rip the paper and then your project is doomed. When it does work for me, I am very happy with what I've made.
I've never used any other electronic cutting tools, I chose this one because you can cut shapes/text you make or shop for designs anytime online. (Although I find the silhouette website to be really slow). I bought the 12x24"" cutting mat and use it to cut larger shapes out of tagboard for parties. The print and cut feature also works well with this machine when using letter size paper."
AAA seller. Recommended
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!"
"Stop buying this model. The new model comes out in a few days and has quite a few improvements: lcd screen, better hardware etc."
Bought as a gift for my wife and I couldn't have asked for a better bundle.
Great value for what you get. I primarily use this to cut Vinyl but my wife is eager to try all of the other things you can do with this. The possibilities seem endless. The bundle is a great value because you know you're eventually going to need a new blade and mat and it already comes with an extra one. Still can't believe how nice and polished this things is. Every single thing has worked perfectly. Practically no learning curve.
"Bought this for my adult daughter and she uses it all the time. Perfect for making signs, decorations, crafts, etc."
Love it
I bought this for my wife who is getting into crafts.  I love using this thing as it is extremely versatile and powerful.  Highly recommend it over the Cricut that my sister has and we had borrowed prior to buying this.
"I haven't done too much yet, but I have many a couple items. I was really annoyed with it when it came because it was messing up a lot of my vinyl. But something you'll learn its not the machine its the user. I didn't know what I was doing and I'm still learning. I didn't give it 5 stars because at times it has missed a cut and for some reason whenever I remove the cd from my computer I have trouble with the program. They should just have a link for people to upload and call it a day. The pads that come with this are extremely sticky. Meaning is a couple steps under super glue. But the mat does help with guiding you.  I would recommend this product its fun to use and you start learning to do new things."
Perfect way to start off my cutting fun!
"You will never realize how much you can do with it until you have it.  This one edged out the circut because it is so much easier to work with imported graphics and allows you to import anything and trace it and send it to the cutter.  I have used it for tshirts, glass etching and more decals and stickers than I can count and I have only owned it for a few weeks.  Do not question yourself, if you are even thinking of one...This is that one."
I love it
"I just finished my review of the Explore and decided to go ahead and do one of the Silhouette. I really like my Cameo but it does have some really annoying issues. They are random and seem to happen for no reason. I will start with pros
Pros
1- It cuts great. It will cut great most of the time but occasionally it will tear the paper. I have never figured out what the problem is. It happens randomly and I have never been able to find the cause. New blade, new mat, good paper still get torn paper. It doesnt happen alot but it is frustrating esp if I am using expensive paper. The blade gets paper up in around it and this has to be kept clean with a needle or straight pen. If paper is in there it will tear your paper everytime.
2- I love the image library and the ease of use. I love that you see the finished product. If I search for a 3d item you see it in it's finished form, not a bunch of pieces or a cartoon drawing of a flat object. They use actual photos of the finished product. It makes it so much easier to see what you are getting. I love the wishlist. Sometimes when I am bored I will just surf the images and if I like one I will put it on my wishlist so later there it is no searching. With the exception of words or names I have always found what I needed so no need to create my own. I pay .99 download it and there it is ready for me to cut or sketch, or print.
3- The software at first can be overwhelming but once you figure it out it works great. It does seem to require your computer to work and I find that it works much better if I make sure nothing else is working in the background. Once my images are downloaded it does not require me to be online to work. I like that I can use my machine with no internet.
4-My favorite Pro: It can cut vinyl longer than 24 inches due to the fact that you don't have to use a mat. This is great when you need a larger image on something. I use the mat for small scraps or pieces smaller than 12 inches.
5- Support. Once my whole library just vanished. There one minute, gone the next. Not a great feeling each one  buck a piece. It doesnt seem like much as you are collecting them but when you have 100's and  they all leave at once and you do the math it's not a great feeling. I called and they found my library hiding out somewhere in cyber land. Following their instructions everybody was recovered and put back in library. I had alot of animals in my library and the lady said it was like someone left the gates open at the zoo and everyone escaped. I don't want to be offensive to anyone but they have all ,so far spoken perfect English so that frustration with speaking to ""Charlie"" in India has been avoided. That alone is priceless.
Cons
1-It likes to tear paper. It does it randomly.
2- The blade gathers scraps around it and it doesnt function well. You are guaranteed torn paper if the blade is dirty.
3- Inconsistent quality in Silhouette products to go with the machine. Sometimes the blades are bad right out of the pack. I bought the pen holder which was a total waste. I have not been able to find a pen that will work. I was recently in Michaels and noticed that they have revamped it so it might work now. The markers dry out really fast and they are those annoying little short stubby markers so you cant use plain old Crayola's in there like you can on the Explore.
4-Mat slippage again this is random. I have never used any mats except Silhouette brand in it. When it slips the whole project is ruined there is no coming back from mat slippage. I think if it had an actual guide for the mat some but not all of this could be avoided. You have to be really careful and get the mat in the exact spot, on the Explore it has a guide you slide the mat in virtually eliminating the chance of mat slippage.
5- Silhouette products are very expensive. 2 Cricut mats cost less than one Sil mat. They also feel sturdier. I have read online that you can use the Cri mat in in the Sil but I haven't personally tried it. The iron on sheets for fabric are close to $9 the heat and bond is the same thing for 2.47. Printable sticker paper is way over priced. It is just regular sticker paper. I am wondering if now that  Silhouette has some actual competition if prices will drop on consumables. time will tell I guess.
6- It likes new blades. It likes shiny new blades, how long they last is also inconsistent. I might get 20 pages of cuts or I have gotten as little as two pages, same paper same everything. I can only figure that the blade was probably not great right out of the pack.
7- Print and cut works good but leaves a white edge. Pro prints and cuts good, Con it leaves a white edge.
Conclusion
I really like my Cameo. If I had it to do over Yes I would buy this again without hesitation. If my random problems were a consistent problems I would throw it out the window, but they really are random and I have learned to just work around the issues. I have for the most part really enjoyed owning it. I recently bought the Cricut Explore and while I find the machine itself to be preferable to the Cameo with some really great ability's, but the software and online dependence really cripple that machine. I found it to be useless more than not. Your internet apparently has to be stellar for it to work well any hiccups and you have nothing. I also had problems with the fact that I use a Mac. Provo Craft took forever to realize that people use Mac's. I was unable to use any of their software online or purchased in the past. While they say it is compatible  It requires work arounds like downloading a different web browser for it to work. It works but just barely. If you are on the fence about the Cameo I say go ahead and get it, I have never regretted my purchase and I got mine before the prices came down. The image library compared to the Explore is enough to seal the deal for me. Just my 2 cents but hope it helps."
"This machine cuts and designs better than imagined. Being an owner of other popular machines I was skeptical, not anymore, glad I made the purchase."
"I just got this Silhouette Cameo to use instead of my Graphtec Craft Robo Pro II for smaller jobs and I'm so glad I did! The Silhouette is a smaller version of my Graphtec Craft Robo Pro II but is much easier to set up, especially for quick projects(The Silhouette Cameo is actually made by Graphtec).

I got the Vinyl Bundle but from another online overstock site because I had a gift card I needed to use.

Although the Craft Robo Pro II can certainly be used for crafts, it's really designed more for business use (signage, decals, banners, etc)...it's much larger and not so ""user-friendly"" as the Silhouette Cameo.

Had this Silhouette Cameo been around when I bought my Craft Robo Pro II a few years ago, I definitely would have bought the Cameo instead.

...and in reading some of the other reviews, I need to say...there is NO comparing the Silhouette Cameo to something like a Cricut or similar,...there really is no comparison. The Silhouette Cameo is far more versatile, IMO. The Graphtec technology finally being put into the home use/crafting industry is a very smart move on Graphtec's part, again, IMO.

I definitely recommend that you upgrade the Silhouette Studio software to the Designer edition if you want to import your own graphics from other sources. Using the Designer edition upgrade, I was easily able import a graphic I was having trouble with while using my Craft Robo Pro II software. I just used the Trace function in Silhouette Studio Designer to quickly convert a .svg into a cut-able image and it worked great! No need to use Adobe Illustrator!

The Trace function has settings to choose from to fine-tune the Tracing feature to achieve clean cutting lines, depending on the quality of the graphic or image you're using.

The .svg image was converted in Silhouette Studio and I was quickly able to cut 4 decals on a sheet of vinyl that were quite detailed and took me hours to set up for the Craft Robo Pro II.

So far, I have to say that this Silhouette Cameo is a ""slam-dunk"", ""no-brainer"" necessity for cutting decals and other projects for the home user. I will definitely be using this much more than my Craft Robo Pro II!

03 07 2015:
I'm still loving my Cameo!
I have not experienced any of the problems I've read in the negative comments that have been posted here (4 & 5 star reviews far outweigh the negatives though).

Perhaps the negative experiences are because of receiving defective chinese made products(?), after all, with any manufacturing process, there is always a certain percentage of failure expected that is figured into the manufacturer's profits & losses.

Based on what I've read over the years, while completing my masters and since, chinese made products have quite a high margin for expected failure, compared to other countries, including the US.  It's seems to be a bit of a crap-shoot as to whether you receive a quality product or a defective one."
"So happy we bit the bullet and bought this Cameo. It is AWESOME so far. So many possibilities and we have only begun to scratch the surface. Love the trial membership/gift card to the Studio as well. If you are a crafter, this is a must-have!"
Make things easy...Must get if you do lots of pep files.
"Excellent, love it my new machine"
"This machine rocks!!  It is easy to set up, easy to use and produces amazing results.  It is only limited by the user.  Do yourself a favor and watch videos on Youtube.  Lots of tips and tricks up there.  Take your time and it will exceed your expectations."
"When I bought a Silhouette earlier this year I was so excited to get it and to be able to do all the things it is capable of doing....BUT....now my feelings have drastically changed for this machine. I probably have only begun to scratch the surface of what I could do with it, but for some reason or another, most days when I try to cut just plain cardstock with it a battle ensues. As far as cutting paper goes, I don't think I have ever had something come out the way I wanted it to on the first try. I have a little more luck with cutting vinyl, but even when it does come out of the machine the way I want I still have to weed it and then apply the contact paper etc...usually at least one part of the process is a headache.
I am sure to a certain extent it is user error, but when I put the paper in to be cut and half way through it snags the paper and rips it all up then I think that has something more to do with the machine itself. I have read directions, checked out tutorial videos on youtube and gone through trial and error so much that for the most part I have the ""how to"" part of using the Silhouette down. It's actually getting the machine to do what I want consistently that is the problem. For $300+, I would expect a little more ease and less stress in using it.
As of last night, when I was just trying to cut a word out and failing miserably...I decided that I will be taking an extended break from my Silhouette. It kind of depresses me because I really enjoy crafts and making stuff, and I really wanted to love my Silhouette and all that it might be capable of, but unfortunately it is just not meant to be. :("
"Love my Cameo!!! It is an amazing cutter for vinyl,paper and other projects.
I have had this machine for a while and can't complain at all.
Best craft purchase I made in a long time."
"I am an avid digital cutter crafter.  I own the Silhouette Cameo and the Cricut Explore.  In fact, I recently wrote a review on my blog comparing the two.  I put both machines in head to head tests cutting the same materials using the same cut files on both machines.  Time after time the Cricut Explore out performed the Silhouette.  The SIlhouette simply cannot cut anything heavier than a cereal box weight chipboard, and even those cuts are not as clean and precise as the Explore.  I was able to cut Grafix .007 acetate, Bazzill .020"" acrylic with the Explore - the Silhouette could not cut through any of them.  It simply didn't have enough power.  As you can read on my review, the Silhouette software has been filled with bugs such as freezing tools, missing font families, misaligned cuts, etc.  Save your sanity and buy and Explore!  Here's a link to my review it goes into great detail with photos of the actual cuts from both machines.  http://www.lorriesstory.com/2014/09/silhouette-cameo-vs-cricut-explore.html#.VDHNL-chCiI"
Fine but for some reason it did wage double
I love this thing. It makes my decals just fine. Plastered the side of my buddies jeep full of them and still going. Very useful and easy to use.
THE BEST CRAFTING MACHINE !!!!!!!
I love it!!! I use this at least 3 times a week.
love my cameo! what a great deal
"I love my Silhouette machine!  I call it my Stencil Machine.  It magically cuts stuff...amazing! I use it for cutting vinyl which i use to hand-paint wood signs for my etsy shop. (saltwaterfisharts) i was handpainting signs using transfer paper, but now i have my fancy magical stencil machine.  I use the vinyl letters like a stencil.  I can make 2 signs with one cut-out....carefully peeling of the ""negative space"" to use as a stencil and also the cut letters as a stencil. There was definitely a learning curve and I watched many you-tube videos and I still don't know all the possibilities!  One tip I learned was to use the cutting mat when loading the vinyl into the machine otherwise e vinyl slides all over the place.  Also the kit doesn't come with a roll of transfer paper and it is super necessary, so buy it separately."
will go to class this month.
Great product.
Very good!
"Ridiculous how much use I've gotten out of this machine. From the marketing it looks to be aimed at moms who download finished media to do scrapbooking, there's even a cute little logo of a girl with a ponytail in the name on the machine. Though it's a legit plotter/vinyl cutter that would be useful to anyone who makes things. You can't beat it for the price. I use it for cutting patterns, paper, cards, decals, stencils, vinyl. It's paid for itself a handful of times in window sings alone. I use to pay $40 to get it done locally at the sign shop now it's $2 for material. I've done entire storefront windows with it. Giant poster sets. ""Hand-written"" notes. Mass produced sharpie drawings. Custom perforated coat check cards. Anything that's flat, thin and needs to to be cut precisely.

I do my vector work in Adobe Illustrator. Then make sure everything is outlined, in basic shapes and ungrouped. Then drag the exported DXF files into the Cameo studio software (included version). Sometimes I do final adjustment in the Cameo software, it's a pretty good vector drawing package on it's own. Super useful machine for creatives, probably great for scrapbooking moms too! GET IT"
Love this hobby. Works wonderfully.
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!  I made Christmas gifts with this and some fall decorations for the house.  SO much better than the cricket.
Good product
Love it.
THANK YOU FOR THE SERVICE I LOVE IT
"I am new to the world of Silhouette and I just got my Cameo last week. So far I have been able to find tons of videos on how to use it. I was disappointed that I got the Pastel pens and not the metallic ones, but other than that It is wonderful!!! I have made tons of cards and if you watch videos and follow directions...it is very easy to learn! I have done a little vinyl, but am trying to find where to buy the best vinyl. I bought a starter kit on Amazon and it is not the best, but good for practice! If you are a crafter...this machine does soooo much that it will blow you away! I love the pen tool, the paper cutting for cards and scrap booking. You will save tons of money by making your own! I plan on making all my Christmas gifts on this machine!"
Love it. Perfect
"The Cameo is great for crafting paper, and the software that comes with the machine is very easy to create designs"
Can't wait to start using my Cameo.  Have to set some time aside.
"nice product, recomended"
Very pleased with the deal. Came so well packaged that I have no concerns for damage. Very very happy.
Great product will recommend to any arts and crafts people
Awesome deal!!
Best starter kit out there.
Still running strong after a year!
no entiendo porque venden un programa aparte
I having a wonder time creating things.
Very nice
"I own a three-year-old Cricut Expression with software that allows me to cut my own vector files. My understanding is that the cut quality of the latest Cricut machines is about the same as the one I own, and I do know that you can no longer use software that allows you to cut your own designs on the current models. For that fact alone, I'd recommend buying this machine, as the software to cut from your own files is a heck of a lot cheaper than the multiple cartridges/files you'd need to build up something unique.

I'm a professional graphic designer, and I have found multiple uses for this machine. I mostly cut vinyl decals and tshirt transfers, and professional-quality custom packaging (boxes) and tags for my self-produced products. The detail is great and I've successfully made triangle-shaped cuts about a square millimeter or less in size from vinyl.

The blade takes corners sharp as necessary and a fresh blade cuts clean through even the cheapest thick cardstock. My experience with the Cricut was that it often ""approximated"" shapes, leaving corners slightly rounded and very small complex shapes (say, a multi-pointed star) like round ""blobs."" This isn't to say the Cricut isn't a good machine, just that I wouldn't go back unless I absolutely had to due to the nature of my business."
Thanks so much for the quick service. The product was exactly as described.
Excellent
Love the cameo!
I love this cutter and use it all the time. There is a learning curve (this is the first one I've ever had) and may require some tweaking to get the cuts just right but it works really well.
awesome machine !!!
Absolutely love it!! Best things I've bought this year! Silhouette Cameo is 100 times better easier to use and work with great designs compared to Cricut!!
"I have not used the machine yet but wanted to rate the bundle itself. The price itself was a great deal. For 199 I received the machine an extra cutting mat and some EXTRA tools that were an even better surprise (weedin tool and pens).
Great price and great shipping"
Best purchase i have made in a long time
Love Silhouettes Cameo!  I owned the portrait for a year and was eager to upgrade!
"I've had this for over 6 months now, and I really love it. It's easy to use, it works exactly as you expect it should, and both the software and hardware have a polished feel. I've used it a couple dozen times and I haven't replaced the mat or the blade yet.

I bought it to cut silkscreen stencils for making PCBs (it works great for that, by the way), but I find myself using it to cut vinyl and paper as well, mostly just for fun. The adhesive vinyl makes cool decals that stick to pretty much anything, and even just colored construction paper can be cut into fancy shapes for decorations and craft projects."
Once you put some time into learning how it works(not anywhere near the instructions it needs to come with) its awesome...Thank God for YouTube tutorials.
"Most awesome product ever!  I have made thousands of wedding favor boxes and the software and Silhouette work together seamlessly!  I also have cut fabric with very intricate designs.  Unbelievable perfection!  Vinyl, stickers, card stock, paper...you name it, I have cut them all!  I even bought a special computer and desk to use with my Silhouette.  I got tired of keeping it in a closet and pulling it out every time I wanted to use it!  Now it is out and ready for immediate use, day or night!  Love this product!"
Love my silhouette!  I has a learning curve but cuts a variety of materials in unlimited designs.
I have been unable to begin using the Silhouette because the initial disc will not allow me to read the start-up information.  As I have been ill I have not yet contacted the company for a replacement.
Couldn't decide between Cricut Explore and Silhouette Cameo.  Glad I chose the Cameo.  Do NOT have to have an internet connection to use the machine.  That was the big factor for me.
I like this machine it cuts really great shapes and words that I need for any of my projects. I would recommend this machine to any scrapbooker out there. My favorite thing about this machine is I can take any image off the internet use the print and cut feature or just cut the shape of the images. There no extra stuff you need to buy. The only thing you might need to buy is a blade and new cutting mat every now and then.
I am in love!
My daughter loves it
Bought this kit for my wife and she absolutely loves it. Fantastic machine! She really likes the number of different media you can cut out. The software that comes with the Cameo is kind of a joke so it may be worth it to purchase some other software like Photoshop or Illustrator if you are going to create your own graphics.
I love the machine. I haven't tried it for fabric as yet because using it for greeting cards and scrapbooks has been so much fun.  I am sure it will not disappoint in that department as it cuts like a dream.
I have a Pedicab businesses Houston and we have to have lettering posted on her pedicabs. I bought the silhouette cameo to cut the letters that I needed. This cameo has worked out very well for me I like it I recommend it to anybody that wants to cut vinyl or any other thin sheet. This message is from houstonpedicab.com Houston Pedicab.
"My mother-n-law bought this for me as a Christmas gift.  I have done so many projects with this machine, and I haven't even used all of the features! I have owned this machine for around 8-9 months. The silhouette has been easy to use and easy to store.  The design software for the computer was simple to setup. The accessories, images and kits that you can buy are affordable. No cartridges or subscriptions are required to use it. You can use your own designs, images and pictures to cut, draw, or print your projects.
The Cricut Explore came to market two months after I got my Silhouette. After reading reviews, it seems that the Silhouette Cameo is still the preferred die cutting system for crafters.  I still use my Cricut Expression, because I have images  that I already purchased. My first choice of my own die cutting machine collection is now my Silhouette Cameo."
"What a fun, versatile tool for crafters! I don't know when the novelty of watching it cut intricate patterns (buzz, buzz, buzz) will wear off. The software is fairly straightforward (the more you use it, the easier it gets) and patterns are easy to manipulate once you get the hang of it. Silhouette has made fussy cutting easy! I use it for creating appliques for sewing, but I'm tempted to use it for scrapbook and card making! There are a great variety of things that can be made using the Cameo! Who knew?

I especially like that there are no dies needed with the Cameo. Its possibilities are limitless.

I gathered quite a few patterns before I ever plugged the Cameo into my computer, with just the software installed. When I finally plugged it in, it linked up smoothly and I was surprised at how easy it is to use.

The only thing I was disappointed in was that, although there are plenty of patterns available in the Cameo format without buying the upgrade, I had to buy the software upgrade to be able to convert MY jpg, gif and other, non-Cameo image formats to Cameo patterns. I thought that was a little stingy on Silhouette's part. I guess that's where the ""Starter"" part comes in. That's not enough to remove one of its stars, but is worth mentioning - THE MACHINE IS TOTALLY USABLE AND FANTASTIC WITHOUT BUYING THE SOFTWARE UPGRADE, but if you want to use your own patterns, you should be aware that you'll need the upgrade.

There are a lot of videos and resources online for the Cameo. There are more applications than I have mentioned here."
My Daughter in Laws Love it !!!!
Exellent deal!!!
I use it for creating SMT stencils. It works.
"Absolutely incredible!  I've had the Portrait for about a year now, which I bought because it was less expensive and I was a bit skeptical due to I was a cricut owner first. First, Silouette it a million times better than cricut. If you have the extra money, buy the Cameo...you won't regret it and you'll end up wanting it anyway."
It worked really well but has it's limitations when working with illustrator/photoshop/anything other than the CD that some with it.
"I love it, love it, love it.
I really wish they would come up with a big machine. Something to accommodate a 24x 10' cutting range. I would so buy."
"My Silhouette Cameo, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. LOL! Yes, I LOVE this machine and I'm still counting all the ways I can use it. So far I've used it to glass etch Pyrex dishes, water bottles, mirrors, etc. as gifts. I've even monogrammed trifle bowls and delivered them full of dessert for Christmas. I've recently learned how to use the heat transfer vinyl (purchased in bulk on Expressions Vinyl) and designed the cutest onsies, made t-shirts for my grandson and my teenage daughters. I've made greeting cards, gift tags, decorated their binders, labeled all my cabinets, made canvas art for Easter, made my own place cards for a formal dinner and I've barely touched all the endless possibilities with this machine. My next foray will be into rhinestones and then after that I'd like to try cutting fabric. My advice would be to start small, learn one thing really well and then tackle a new medium. Get a monthly Silhouette subscription to download some of their designs and shop the sales and weekly clearance and watch a lot of how-to videos. They have them on YouTube but they also have them on Expressions Vinyl website. This is where I learned the most. I've impressed so many folks with my creations that several of them have purchased their own machines. I should buy stock in this company, lol."
Bought it for my wife who is teacher and she couldn't be happier. Happy wife happy life......foot rubs for husband.
"I LOVE this machine! So much fun to work with.
Just sorry the rating doesn't have ten stars and +++++'s."
Wonderful!! Very easy to use!!
Awesome! Just as described.
"This is my first electric die cut machine. I know I'm behind the bell curve of crafters to wait so long to get one, but I wasn't sure I'd need one. I'm not a scrapbooker, but I do make cards occasionally. I have no plans to use it for commercial reasons and just wanted to make cute random projects for me and my family.

I did a lot of research trying to decide which machine to get, and I decided on the Silhouette based on the fact it doesn't require cartridges and it was the most bang for my buck. I looked that the more expensive brands of cutters, but I could not justify the added cost for features I may only use one or twice.

In the month I have had it I used it to create vinyl labels for labeling school supplies, making unique birthday cards for my teenage daughter to give to her friends, made a stencil for painting a t-shirt, and made a few quick crafts to do with my 5 year old. My two older kids are very excited about it and have come up with ideas they want to implement too, which makes the machine well worth it to me."
"I am actually writing this review for my wife who had been shopping for a craft cutting tool for over a year. She originally wanted a Cricut but then heard about the Silhouette Cameo and started to research it.  There are tons of good videos online to show you how to use it and create beautiful crafts. It is not the top of line cutter, but compared to those that cost $700 and $800 it works just as good for nearly 2/3rds the cost.  The software is very user friendly and connects seamlessly to the Silhouette online store to download additional patterns.  My wife has become the envy of the neighborhood with her crafts and has made some very creative signs, banners, bottles, and posters that have kept her busy."
I use this for making cards and many other craft projects.  And Silhouette just improved it by adding PixScan.  I sold my Cricut to buy this item.  So glad I did!  You can import anything and print and cut it. Wow!
So far it has certainly met my expectations. Easy to operate and user friendly. Since I mainly use this for sand blasting I would like to be able to isolate a single image when the download has say 3 seashells or multiple leaves.  Would definitely recommend this machine.
"This machine is totally awesome.  It allows me to pre-cut fabric pieces for applique work, but be sure to use the ""fabric cutting blade"" for fabric tasks.  Tips:  Practice starting with a lower setting on the blade and cut a tiny shape before trying to cut a large shape on fabric.  Write notes of what settings work on different kinds of fabrics.  If you accidentally cut through the mat, keep the cut out piece in place and affix on the back side of the mat with a piece of duct tape.  It will take a bit of practice to get the depths right.  About a 2 or 3 works with gingham, broadcloth, and light weights of fabric.  Start with lower numbers.  Take notes.  Put some time into learning to avoid frustration before setting out to accomplish a huge task.  It is a wonderful machine for cutting fabrics, but invest in the ""Fabric Cutting Blade"" too, for that task.  The bundle kit was a great investment for getting started because it included necessary items that didn't need to be purchased separately."
"It has been a long time since I've been able to say that I am in love with a product. I initially bought it to make my preschooler some supplemental educational materials. I have used it for so much more - greeting cards, decorative labels, custom education calendar, birthday invitations, party games, and more. I have had a great time creating things and I am always looking for more. I'll make any excuse to use it. It is easy for me (a beginner) to use, yet still fun for my husband (a professional graphic designer). I especially like that all of the designs can be downloaded - I like not having to deal with cartridges. This is one of my favorite purchases of the year."
"I love my Silhouette Cameo! It is so easy to use, I have already used it for cardstock and vinyl cutting and also for sketching invitations for my daughters birthday party. I received the 4 pack sketch pens as part of my order and the white one didn't work. I called Silhouette America and received a voice mail to leave a message so I did and figured I probably wouldn't hear back anytime too soon. I was pleasantly surprised they called back within 30 minutes and sent me a new 4 pack of sketch pens!!! Not just the one that didn't work. Amazing product and Amazing customer service!!!!"
"Is not able to align each alignment position, the cutting results, and are designed with a large, there should be a mechanical problem"
excelente producto lo recomiendo
"I love this machine.  I use it almost everyday.  I am glad I googled this and the cricket.  This is SOOOOO much better.  I never owned anything like this before, and I'm glad I bought this over the other scrapbooking items.  The customer service is also great.  I needed help working it when I first bought it and the woman on the phone walked me through the whole process.  She even e-mailed me directions in case I need extra help.  LOVE this Cameo!
 I haven't bought a card since I purchased this.  I am prepared for every occasion now!  The kids love using it also.
LOVE IT!  I can't say it enough."
Great
"I ordered the ""Starter Bundle"" and I did not recieve either of the two mats, the blades, or the free month subscription. I was looking very forward to using my new machine as soon as I got it, only to my surprise, I did not get everything that I paid for and the machine is useless to me until I can get mats and blades. Very unhappy."
Excellent product. We use this almost daily!! Super price on this bundle kit and super fast shipping!!!
Brillant
"I just love my machine. I have it for several months now, and have a lot of fun with it. I upgraded the software to designers edition to be able to use svg files. So far, I did lots of paper cutting, vinyl, heat transfer and fabric cutting. It can cut fabric for doll clothes - many small pieces that are pain to transfer to fabric and cut out - I cover the fabric with clear Contact paper, adhere it to the mat, scan and trace the pattern, and cut it. I do not use stabilizer because I do not want to iron it on and make my fabrics stiff - it is for dolls, does not need any additional stiffness. I also bought long mat 12''x24'' to be able to cut bigger pieces of fabric in one go - means more sewing and less struggling with little pieces.
The machine may not cut very thick materials, but there is so much it can do, and can do very well, I am so amazed."
Love love it so great
This is an amazing item. It is extremely easy to set up.  Works with PC or in my case Mac. Love it.
good
It is nice machine.  I am still learning to use it.  But it works great.
BEST MACHINE OUT THERE. It does so much. It is absolutely amazing. I have not stopped using it since I got it!
Best purchase ever! So happy with it! No regrets whatsoever.
I'm very pleased with my Silhouette Cameo! I love that I can design my own art to cut and use the fonts I have on my computer. I've used a Cricut and it usually makes me frustrated because I can't customize things I want and I don't care for their software. As a graphic designer I definitely recommend this if you're looking into die cutting. The sketch pens are an added bonus.
Quick shipping great product!
This machine is FABULOUS!!!  I would recommend getting a second mat though just in case.
Great machine and very useful bundle ......just love this......what a great deal!!!
"400% better than a Cricut mini I had been using. Faster, doesn't jam up on paper or tear paper, free font's the ones you can buy are $0.99. Will never go back to Cricut ever after use the Silhouette it is a major time, money and sanity saver!"
Went from the Cricut to the Silhouette and I am SO impressed with it!
"I love the Cameo, it is great for cutting vinyl. I don't use if for other materials though. I found that this machine and it's software has a very steep learning curve. It will take a lot of time and practice (and wasted vinyl) to come even close to mastering, but once you do, it will be so much fun (and addicting). The vinyl does tend to slip when cutting though, especially for longer pieces (over 2 feet) so for very long projects you will either be frustrated or will have to do it in smaller sections. It is not a professional vinyl cutter but fine for home use and crafts. I have been pleased with the result for the price."
Wonderful
"What a great investment this thing has been. I use it to make vinyl decals for myself and my families business vehicles. Easily has paid for itself in what I have saved from paying someone else to make our decals. I would recommend oracle 651 vinyl for this machine. I ordered another brand of vinyl that came in 12x12 sheets with 30 different colors on amazon and those felt a little cheap in comparison. Make sure to get familiar with the cameos features, you can do quite a bit with this little guy. I have made some very professional looking vinyl decals. If you have any questions sillhouette america is very good about return calls same day, I just wish they would answer instead of having me leave a message."
"I have used this so often. Greeting cards, graduation announcements, glass etching, rhinestone shirts, scrapbooking, a vinyl sports logo for my husband's truck window. So many things, I can't think of them all. The only thing I have not tried yet is the fabric blade.
2 notes:
The blades last longer than I thought they would. A few times I have switched blades thinking that they were not working well only to find out that adjusting the cutting speed, the blade depth and/or the thickness makes the difference and the 2 original blades are still working for me. (I have purchased 2 more to keep as back up)
The 2 cutting mats that came with the bundle are already spent. I did see on youtube that you can clean off the surface and replace the glue with spray adhesive. I haven't tried it yet but I did get the glue.
I HAVE DEFINITELY GOTTEN MY MONEY'S WORTH OUT OF THIS MACHINE.
P.S. I highly recommend youtube videos to help understand using the software, as the manual that comes with the machine is very vague and the software is a bit tricky. The best videos by far are by  CleverSomeday.  Check out these videos, especially one called ""Tracing without Tears"". This helped me immensley."
My wife loves it! The Silhouette Cameo makes her love of creating paper crafts much faster and easier.
that is why I bought brother machine
"Works great! So far anyways. There few things I need to learn how to use and get used to it, but loving this machine. Haven't able to use a lot yet since there isn't many things for me make atm."
Awesome! Will re-order.
Favorite.
Love my cameo!!! It came promptly thank you!!
"After weeks of trying to get it to work, numerous emails and phone conversations trying to get the machine to work, Silhouette asked I ship it back and they would replace. However, they would not pay for the $27 shipping to return. Very disappointed in the length of time it has taken and expense on my part. Hope the second one works!"
"This is a great introductory machine. My main use for this is to cut vinyl for custom graphics which I have been doing for about three months now. The learning curve for cutting vinyl is a little steep but withing a few weeks you've got it. Order at least 20 feet of material to get you through that curve. Cuts are precise and straight. It does not like to load Oracal 651 too easily though. I have to manually load the machine with the right corner of material extending over the plastic lip, push the lever down, hit the load media button, pull up the lever, and then pull the right side of material down again to make it straight and aligned properly. If I don;t do this and just let the machine load the 651 it will catch the lip and the 651 bunches up...not cool. However, this is an easy work-around doing this manually.

The reason I am giving this 3 stars is because of the Silhouette Studio software (v3) (not designer) edition included with the machine. The functionality is very, very bad. The eraser does not really erase, selected the edit points and breaking a path and then deleting a point after point after point to erase a line is asinine. The fade in and out menu selections are idiotic, this what some people might seem like a 'cool thing' is a burden. The software freezes up several times a week during use, slow load, and save times. Even with no other programs running and a memory dump the software can be aggravating to work with. It's too bad that they did not put more functionality and cleaner coding into the software. No less than 4.5 stars for sure but for now, just 3 for me.

If you plan on going pro/commercial with your ideas skip this machine. Look towards Titan or Roland for your 'business'. At home arts and crafts this is what you need.

Peace"
Could NEVER get it to work.  Biggest dissapointment ever!
Best money I ever spent
"This item is exactly what I was looking for! The machine works exactly the way I wanted it too, it's going to make craft projects SO much easier.
For an item that was posted from the US all the way to Australia, the postage time was phenomenal!
My only concern is that I do hate having to pay more for postage for being all the way over here"
FUN! Its so light weight. Beats the Circuit
I see a lot of customers complaining that things are missing from the box when they get their orders. I have been censored once already in my attempt to warn other customers why they are missing items. Silhouette is a great company and not at fault. Things are being sold seperately for reasons of profit and silhouette does not know its being done. Every customer should remember Caveat emptor Let the buyer Beware!
excelent work great
I had other cameos in the past which worked great unforntunaly out the box the power supply cord that was supplied didn't work i tested my other cord from my other cameo and it worked fine but when pluging new cord into older cameo it still didn't work and now i got to figure out how to find another cord spend more money and waste more time trying to locate this power cord didn't seem worth sending back if i got to pay for shipping on a defective product
"I ordered this for my daughter for graduation, not knowing anything about what I was ordering. It got here quicker than the estimated time and she loves it! Once we got some vinyl for her to work with, she hasn't quit decorating."
"I was pretty hesitant to make what, in my household, is a big purchase on this machine.

The Cameo did not disappoint. It has proven to be a return on my investment and then some.

The main reason I bought it was to make stencils for random crafts and gifts I make for family and friends. This is still my primary use for the Cameo, but it is versatile beyond belief. There are so many resources out there, once you purchase, to help you along the way too. Here is one of my favorites: http://silhouetteschool.blogspot.com/

Honestly, if you are on the fence about this machine, make the jump! Go for it! There are so many ways to make the Silhouette Cameo work for you!"
"This is a great machine.  I've had no trouble at all learning to use it.  The only time I contacted tech support, they were quick, supportive, and fixed my issue right away.  I love all the great designs they have online. And - why I bought it, I can use every font on my own computer to cut letters"
LOVE LOVE LOVE my Cameo!!!  It was money well spent.
"Bought for a gift and they love it.  Have cut vinyl, paper, and contact paper.  Used to make t-shirts, labels, and stencils."
works well
Love it
This is a great device for making multiple copies of the same shape. What a time  saver.
Very good!!
very good
"The Silhouette could be better served by automatically reading SVG files in its software, but the trace-software does very well on its own.

If you're looking at reviews to figure out if you want a Cameo or a Cricut, go Cameo.  Do you want to make your own designs in photoshop/illustrator/GIMP/Inkwell and then use them? Go Cameo.  If at the very least you want to use your own font library to cut out letters? Go Cameo.

If you don't have any good fonts and if you have no idea how to make your own designs, get a Cricut.  Otherwise, get a Sillhouette Cameo."
I love this.
"I bought the Cameo with the intention of printing out stickers and having them electronically cut and save me a lot of work. And granted when I finally figured out all the weird catches it seems pretty good, but getting there was a massive headache and a lot of wasted ink & paper.

The included introduction material is pretty basic and doesn't cover very well how to go about printing out your designs for use afterwards with the cutter. It's more oriented towards if you want to just cut out designs from blank paper for various crafts.

The UI for the software is very frustrating. I do graphic design and print for a living, so I'm used to having to deal with complicated UIs. However:
- lots of un-labelled mystery buttons and hunting and pecking for what you might want to do.
- No layers, nor any means of locking art onto the layout so you can't accidentally select and move it
- Most aggravatingly you can't manually specify scaling dimensions for a piece of art, you have to just drag and try to get the mouse to get it close enough. You wanted 4""? Well I hope you like 4.01"" or 3.98"" instead. EDIT: I finally found if you choose Scale manually from the Object menu it will actually present settings. But this sort of just proves my point that the UI is un-intuitive.
- You have to import your art into the ""library"" in order to use it in the software. And if you ever do any modifications to the art outside of it you can't simply just replace a file. You have to re-import it into the library again, delete the old one, and re-add and re-position it on the layout all over. This makes fine tuning any layouts a friggin nightmare, and is almost enough to make me stop using it.

The cutting mat included is sticky, as by design so your paper will remain in position during the cutting process. But I ended up having to dull the stickiness quite a lot, since it was so strong it was destroying a lot of my cutouts when I would try to remove them. I even tried that silly little removing wand it came with.

It took also took a bunch of experimentation to find the sweet spot cutting depth that would work with my paper without the cutter taking a turn too quickly and kneading up a corner on the cut. That and using Overcut improved bad corners dramatically. Once that was figured out though, it's actually pretty awesome.

There does appear to be a bug with the hardware I run into a lot, where the cutting head doesn't return all the way back to the left after a job was finished or paused. This makes any following jobs fail because the head can't find the registration marks on the print because it doesn't realize it should just move over to the left a little bit. Turning the machine off and back on seems to reset it back into position. Still though, a bit sloppy.

One last minor thing is that the paper margin is rather big, and you tend to end up wasting a lot of paper if you're trying to printout and cut a sheet of designs out on a single page.

Fortunately though the biggest blemish is just the poor and limiting software, which can hopefully be improved still."
"Are you kidding?  This is ""THE"" cutting tool if you want to do any of the myriad of things that can be done with cutting tools - from scrap booking, vinyl lettering, templates, to rhinestone & iron ons.  Love that I don't have to buy a cartridge full of patterns I'll never use for the 1 that  I want.  Can use tons of online graphics and there is always the Silhouette Online Store for those hard to find graphics!  I got rid of 2 other cutting tools a few weeks after I got this because I no longer needed them or they're tool specific cartridges!  I've made enough money doing little side jobs for friends with this tool that it's paid for itself several times over already - and still going!  Can't go wrong!"
"Use this in a small business, works great! Co-workers are so happy no more cutting out designs by hand. Use it for vinyl."
Great
"I wanted to make sure I liked everything before I rated the cameo and I do! Its an awesome machine, so easy to use and all the extras it came with are great!"
"Absolutely brilliant..fantastic cutter that does some amazing designs ...
Great for personalising gifts using vinyl or rhinestones.. Definately worth it!"
"Very computer friendly, lots of designs available for download, no limit to the possibilities to create your own designs as well."
"I love the Silhouette Cameo cutter. It cuts far better than the Cricut cutter, I had for several years.
I make a lot of cards and also scrapbook my children and grand-kids photos.
Love it, Love it, Love it!!."
can not go wrong with a Silhouette! The starter kit is perfect and exactly what it describes. great product over all
I'm still testing the product; however so far it has given me very good results for my crafts. The cuts are precise and have endless designs (you can acquired in the online store). It has very good design. Just think they should have a little more explanatory manual for adjusting the blade with respect to the material used. And a little more explanation of how to cut printed images
"If a 12inch x 12foot plotter fits your needs then this is the one to get.  I've had mine for about two or three weeks, and I've already cut out and applied vinyl lettering's for a few small businesses in my area. That's just the beginning, print out some graphics on sticker paper and have the Cameo trace and cut it out for amazing and completely customizable stickers, or grab some stencils off of the internet of whatever you want and cut out some intricate vinyl car window decals. Scrapbooking? Wall Decals? Me sounding like an advertiser?

Needless to say, I'm very satisfied with my buy, and within the first week of ownership it payed for itself.

Make sure to line up whatever media you're cutting as close to the double arrowed line as possible."
Easy to operate once you learn to use the design program. Very reasonable cost considering the ability of the machine and design software. Low cost replacement parts also a plus.
"I have had this machine for over two years and until the new update, loved it.  I even convinced several friends to purchase one themselves.
Since the latest update it is a nightmare to use and silhouette doesn't seem to care
1) the grab page hand pops up in middle of designing making it impossible to continue.  Must close program lose all my design and  start over
2)  program opens to a 8 1/2 x 11 sized mat, though all I've ever used is 12 x12, again close program several times until it defaults to proper size,(and no can't resize while its open.  Or if doing multiple pages first couple will be proper size then it goes to the 8 1/2 size
3) MOST EXPENSIVE is latest problem of cutting off PAPER into mat, as if it were set for load media.  Have never used load media so thats not it, and I double checked, it is on load cutting mat.  It will cut above the paper or over an inch to the left going onto mat which ruins a blade.  THIS  seems like  A REVENUE CREATOR FOR THEM
4)  tried cutting files today that I have cut many times in the past but program isn't reading all the lines.  Wasted four sheets of paper, again costly.  Thought it was the blade at first so replaced it with new one,  but same issues
5)  Subscription download times are getting  off.  Mine is due the26th of each month, which does indeed come out of my account on time, but my download credits take days to appear.

Calling is futile and only makes me angrier.  It is rare to get a human, usually a message says mailbox full call back or just leave a message they will call back..If you leave a message be prepared to sit by your phone for 24 hours because when they call you need to answer.  If you are away from your phone and miss it its TFB  you start over

Customer servise is horrible at best. I suspect they overwhelmed by the issues lely and seem to no longer care to be of any help.

I do have a cricut expression and a cricut imagine.  I have used neither for tewo years but guess going back to them

SO SAD A  WONDERFUL PRODUCT IS NOW A MONEY DRAIN AND WORTHLESS"
"These are awesome cutting machines. I'm a school teacher, and I've used these machines for multiple class sets of creations for holiday parties, congratulation cards/letters, student activities, and more.
In addition to school creations, I've used the machines several times for family and friends' gifts as well.

The Silhouette Cameo is easy to use, and the cutting patterns that you can buy are usually very good and true to the design that is displayed in the sample pictures. I've had a couple exceptions in the nearly 130 that I have purchased to this point. A better description of what is included in the image set sometimes would be very helpful.
Look for the occasional sales to stock up on these designs, sometimes at half price.

In addition, I have made my own designs/patterns, and it is not as difficult as some make it sound. I have used Photoshop Elements to create pictures that I've 'found the edges' for and exported them, in jpeg format,  from the app and uploaded them into my Cameo library and have done minor tweaking to produce very nice images. You've  got to be willing to experiment and tweak things a little, but it's not too challenging, and you can do test cuts on plain printing paper, so the cost is minimal.

One area that I've found this machines limitations, sometimes, is with fine/narrow cuts, especially with thinner paper. I've used used blades and brand new blades with trying to make certain cuts, and adjusted the blades cutting depth and speed, but the paper would still ultimately tear at places. Sometimes it would work, and then the very next cut, with the same paper, etc... it would tear. So it can be hit or miss at times.
Another area of limitation seems to be when I've rotated images to fit multiple copies on a page. The rotation itself is easy, but there seems to be a disconnect between 'some' images on the computer after they're rotated and the cutting machine itself. An example of this is when I rotated images of two envelopes and on one of them, the dotted folding lines for the flaps were not cut. I tried slight repositioning of the object and even 'resent' the image a couple/few times from the computer to the Cameo but the flawed cut remained. Repositioning of the image to its default position allowed for a correct/flawless cut. Kinda weird.
One more issue I ran into was with running the software on my MacBook running OS 10.5.8, which is within the acceptable system requirements for the software provided to work. Anyways, a few times the software 'froze' up, therefore stopping the cutting, causing me to have to unload the paper being cut, which ruined that piece and required me to restart the process. I've had no similar issues with my newer iMac.

Look for sales of these bundle packs on Amazon. Like my subject field says, I own two of these bundle packs. If you can get a bundle pack for under $200, don't hesitate. BUY IT if you have been torn about wanting to get one of these machines. I was for several months and finally saw a kit on sale just before Christmas 2013 and made the purchase and was very happy I did. Just about 2 months ago, the kit went on sale again, so I bought a second kit for twice the cutting ability.
And you can even buy protection plans for these machines through SquareTrade at [...]  for a very reasonable price. I did for my second machine."
"Love my machine I just hate that you have to keep buying mats a little tips don't throw away your mats
buy a spray can of glue to make your mats last longer."
"i teach preschool and did a lot of my cutting on my cricket.  The only problem was that I had to buy a whole cartridge to get 2 pictures that I really wanted.  With the silhouette  can pick and chose as many pictures as I want at a real deal.  I haven't used it a lot yet, but I am playing with it and getting used to how it works.  I really do love it!!!"
"I have owned my Cameo for 2 years. I can tell you it gets a workout. Not only is it a great machine that allows me to be creative , but the results far exceed my skill level. I am amazed at the beautiful things  I have created. These include everything from cards, Home Decor, even professional gifts. I have on several occassions had to contact the customer service department. The reps have been extremely helpful and I must say that I have been extremely happy with every interaction. I cannot speak to any of the competition out there except to say they would be hard pressed to get my business."
"When someone else is using the home computer I wish that it had capabilities like the Crickut to work without the computer.  However, most of the time I just think it is awesome because I can just design what I want and get it cutting.  I feel like I spend alot less to do what I want to do than someone using the Crickut would.  It also makes a lot of noise while cutting but it's ok."
"I absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo cutting machine and the design studio software.

I have to be honest, though.  At first I was very frustrated because I knew what the software and the machine were capable of but lacked even a basic concept of how to accomplish anything.  The online user's manual is obviously written for an earlier version because the icons and drop down menus are in different places and some have been eliminated altogether.  As a beginner, I felt helpless.  I upgraded to the designer edition hoping the manual would be more helpful.  There isn't a new manual for the designer edition, a $50 purchase.  So there I was, invested even further into this commitment and feeling even more lost.  Then came enlightenment.  Please read on . . .

Here's what to do (the solution I finally stumbled upon by accident):  Click the ""help"" tab in the design studio software, then silhouetteamerica.com in the drop down menu.  Once at the website you will see a ""support"" tab (this tab is not shown if accessed other than from the studio software).  Now click ""frequently asked questions.""  FINALLY, step-by-step procedures and videos that are so very helpful. You can even print them out in .pdf form.  In addition, you can find  many amazing uTube videos that demonstrate anything you want to do with your machine made by wonderful users who took the time to make them.

Following the initial (unfortunate) phase of my relationship with Silhouette America, I finally knew how to access the tools I needed to learn and create.  I'm so happy with my machine, and although I'm still learning, I can usually accomplish anything I set out to do.  I think Silhouette America needs to do a better job of acclimating their products to new users. The claim at their website that they love to answer questions is a little far fetched because the 800 number turns into a busy signal after waiting over 5 minutes, if you leave a message you don't get a call back, and if you email there is no response.  To be fair, I did get a live chat session the first day when I was in the middle of writing an email to them.  I was too new and clueless to even ask a proper question.

Had I known how to get to the FAQs to begin with it would have made all the difference.  I hope my saga will help anyone who is thinking about buying a machine.  I hope you go for it and love it as much as I do.  There is a ton of help out there if you know where to look.  The machine is very precise and behaves beautifully.  I love that you can use scraps of paper (as long as you place them on the mat where it matches placement on the screen).  I even love the noise it makes while cutting, like an out of tune violin serenading you while it works.  Just awesome!!!!"
"I was using the Cameo for making kiss-cut stickers for an upcoming event.  Very easy to set up and follow through instructions.
I am very savvy with photoshop and illustrator so I had to buy additional software in order to get the perfect outline cut I want and transfer it to Silhouette's software.  The additional software (Connect) was kind of pricy, but I think it will pay off later.  Using LD's Glossy Inkjet Photo Sticker Paper (also cheap, compatible, and good quality sticker paper), it turned out better than what I had expected!  Despite the two minute noise from cutting, I am happy to report that it has done its job - crisp clean lines.  I would recommend removing the paper or material from the cutting mat carefully since it's a bit strong."
Great Machine! Had it up and running on my first project in under 30 minutes! So easy to use! So much better than my old Cricut!
"I LOVE that I can upload free SVGs with Cricut Explore. The Expression 2 does not allow it. The Silhouette Cameo's basic software does not allow free SVGs. The advanced software cost me $50.

I Like that both the Crcut Explore and the Silhouette Cameo offer single image download. I like the subscription model of Cricut Explore better as it gives me access to 25,000 images for 9.99 a month. With Silhouette Cameo, I only get a few images to download. I don't want to use the same images again - so prefer Cricut Explore.

I LOVE the Cricut Explore for the extremely detailed cuts. I love the Smart Dial - no messing with depth, speed and pressure like it was on previous machines. All I have to do is turn it to the material I want to cut. Super Easy. The Silhouette Cameo is good (not great) and he Expression 2 is even worse.

With Cricut Explore I LOVE that I can cut and score/write without having to swap blades/pens/scoring tips. Makes it super easy to make boxes, greeting cards, projects for schools. The Silhouette Cameo does not have this. The Cricut Expression 2 does not have it either.

I LOVE the Design of the Cricut Explore and that the machine is quiet. I like the storage compartments. The Silhouette Cameo and the Expression 2 are just ugly.

With Cricut Explore, I LOVE the Bluetooth connectivity for my Mac and use the wireless adapter. No messy cords. The Silhouette Cameo and the Expression 2 do not have this feature."
"I LOVE that I can upload free SVGs with Cricut Explore. The Expression 2 does not allow it. The Silhouette Cameo's basic software does not allow free SVGs. The advanced software cost me $50.

I Like that both the Crcut Explore and the Silhouette Cameo offer single image download. I like the subscription model of Cricut Explore better as it gives me access to 25,000 images for 9.99 a month. With Silhouette Cameo, I only get a few images to download. I don't want to use the same images again - so prefer Cricut Explore.

I LOVE the Cricut Explore for the extremely detailed cuts. I love the Smart Dial - no messing with depth, speed and pressure like it was on previous machines. All I have to do is turn it to the material I want to cut. Super Easy. The Silhouette Cameo is good (not great) and he Expression 2 is even worse.

With Cricut Explore I LOVE that I can cut and score/write without having to swap blades/pens/scoring tips. Makes it super easy to make boxes, greeting cards, projects for schools. The Silhouette Cameo does not have this. The Cricut Expression 2 does not have it either.

I LOVE the Design of the Cricut Explore and that the machine is quiet. I like the storage compartments. The Silhouette Cameo and the Expression 2 are just ugly.

With Cricut Explore, I LOVE the Bluetooth connectivity for my Mac and use the wireless adapter. No messy cords. The Silhouette Cameo and the Expression 2 do not have this feature."
Great bundle of products came with my new Silhouette cameo.  Love this machine and all of the great tutorials.  Very happy w order
"Even though it appears to be completely made of plastic it does a fantastic job cutting stuff! I have made beautiful monogram tiles for friends, lettering for my mailbox, etc. I mostly use it to cut vinyl. I wasn't very successful using it to cut fabric. I cut a lot of contact paper to make stencils - works great. The software is ok, but not as good as it could be. There are tons of ideas and projects on the internet & pinterest to get you started! Love my cameo!"
I love this machine.  I can't wait to further explore all of it capabilities.  It is fairly simple to use.
"This machine is super easy to use! The online website is easy to navigate and so is the software. Light weight, small machines. Not something you can use when kids are sleeping unless the doors are closed or they are heavy sleepers; its pretty loud."
"I was very happy I had decided to purchase the Silhouette Cameo and the bundle kit is great.  I do have one suggestion is that if you have an extremely delicate intricate design, you do those designs when you blade is new.  Don't try it when you can tell that your blade is getting dull.  I usually have my blade setting one step higher and I lower the speed of the blade and lower the thickness of the paper.  Purchase the Silhouette spatula, it works better than the pick me up tool that comes with the bundle."
"I am still learning to use this, but so far I love it!  It's very easy to learn and to use."
I've been waiting to buy this or a cricut machine for a while and have been torn about which one to buy. I was a little Leary about the price of the cameo but I bought it when it was an amazon deal of the day and it was half off. I couldn't be more happy with my purchase. I'm glad I went with the cameo.
Love it!!!!!  Does everything it says and more.  Learning new things every day.  Fast shipping.  Perfect condition. Don't hesitate but it.
"Its the perfect machine for scrap, cards, boxes and many things that I would to do. I bought because the cricut was fine but this machine is the best. I will to do my bussiness with that. The price was awsome."
"I Love this machine!  The things you can make are truly amazing with the help of SVG files. I imported a Spider Man image to use for my grandson's invitations. He loved them.  My Silhouette cut the image in two shakes of a leg. I also made a castle diaper cake which was the hit of the show.
There is a learning curve but nothing that watching a couple of You Tube videos won't help.  I also own the Cricut Expression that I love but the Silhouette operates a little differently as there are no cartridges to buy. There are many websites that sell SVG files for $.50 - $.99 some a little more. But well worth the money. I also learned through You Tube that I could use my Cricut mats. Overall I am extremely happy that I have it."
"Although new to this type of crafting, I find the on-line blogs and tutorials available made the learning curve much shorter.  There are literally thousands of inexpensive shapes available for cutting in a variety of media.  Imagination is the only limitation."
"The Cameo is such a fun machine ,  I was lucky to get it at such a low price and it shipped out very fast , thank you!"
"I got this for my sister as a gift and she loves it! It took some time getting used to the needle pressure, fonts and how to use it really. All in all, she loves it!!"
"Great deal!! You won't be disappointed. Instead of $10 card for the SIL store, I received $25 for 1 month subscription. Totally worth it!"
"Love the product and I am pleased with the bundle. I couldn't wait to try this after years using another brand of cutter, I am not dissapointed."
"I love this machine so far!

I use it to cut paper pieces and fabric. I love it!

Very easy to use your own designs to cut out. Some blogs and you tube tutorials helped with that. I recommend this to lots of friends!"
"This silhouette cameo is so easy to use, I am still experimenting with it but so far I love it. It cuts really fast and is so much better than the cricut expression. I love the design and it is so much lighter in weight than my cricut. It is a better price here on Amazon. I highly recommend."
"The best cutting tool i've ever used, anyone love crafts should own one.

The software is great, the hardware is greater, and the fun using it is the greatest!"
"I bought this paper cutter recently with the intent of cutting my own custom designs, and so far it's been awesome!

OVERALL IMPRESSION:
Silhouette has done a good job of making a complex machine easy to use (mostly... I'll get to that in a sec) The cutter itself resembles a printer with a single blade instead of an array of printheads, but is slightly complicated by the need for an adhesive cutting mat that holds your paper during cuts. The need for this mat becomes obvious during your first cut, as without it, you'd never get such nice cuts, impossibly close together.

THE MAT:
I was a bit concerned about the mat at first. Since it has adhesive, all I could think about is that it's just another disposable element that wouldn't last, requiring me to buy them by the boatload. Fortunately, the mats seem to be quite durable, and beyond being surprised that the mat gets marred (shows all cuts, it's normal, I called them) after each and every cut, the mat just keeps working just fine. Just re-cover after use. Tip: The representative I talked to suggested that you rotate the mat 180deg for each cut to further extend its life. - We'll see how long it'll go...

THE BLADE:
The blade has a numbering system the corresponds to different cutting pressures. The included software Silhouette Studio (Basic) will help you choose which number to set it to, but ultimately it's your responsibility as the cutter will do its thing, without knowing if it's cutting too hard, too lightly or just right. Once you do it the first time, you'll understand how it all works and it won't seem so intimidating. I almost always cut standard card stock, so I just leave it on the right setting.

THE STORE:
Silhouette provides an online store which makes it really easy to buy inexpensive designs and cut them right away. The store is actually linked to the Studio software and designs are imported into your library immediately.

THE SOFTWARE:
One of the main reasons I chose this machine over a competitor's was because it seemingly provided intuitive, smartly designed software. If you've ever bought a hobby machine (Embroidery, CNC, etc) you'll know that often companies don't understand design enough to create something very good. Luckily, the folks at Silhouette seem to understand the importance of this software and have clearly invested time and money. I'm used to working in Adobe Illustrator, so the general layout and available options made sense to me, despite being different in how specific tools are implemented. You can draw 'cuts' and tweak their curves after the fact using bezier handles, etc. It's not quite as extensive as Illustrator, but it's close enough and all of my cuts come out exactly as illustrated in the software. AND... if you're willing to spend $50 to upgrade to the Pro edition of the software, you'll be able to import your illustrator files natively. (Trust me, that's cheap - for instance, similar software for an embroidery machine costs $2800!) If you're just cutting an existing design, it's incredibly easy to scale & place it exactly where you want it within the cutting board space (which it nicely visualized on-screen) and hit 'Go'"
"I originally bought this to make a very special and creative wedding program for a friend.  I now use it for all kinds of projects.  My favorite is the glass etching.  I go to the dollar store and purchase a $1.00 Champaign glass or mirror and I'm able to turn it into something stunningly beautiful.  You will have to purchase the glass etching start kit separately, but it's well worth it and it gives you just enough to determine if you like the craft."
"HI THERE,

I FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS PRODUCT,

IT SAVE TIME AND EFFORT FOR CUTING

I CAN MAKE A BUTIFULE PROJECT

SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH"
"Love this machine!  Wish I had more time to use it.  Be prepared to do research, watch you tube videos, or join a Facebook group catering to members with Silhouette interests as there are few instructions and so much to learn about the capabilities of this awesome machine!"
I love this product.  I can use my own fonts and graphics.  No cartridges involved.  It hooked right into my computer and with a small download was ready to use.
HAve just received it haven't used it yet but im so excited. if something goes wrong that I don't like I will write a review but im sure I will love it. (;
I love this product. Best purchase I ever made. As a Graphic Designer this cutting machine is making so many things easier. The cuts are precise and very detailed!
I love this machine! Works for doing almost any kind of design. Plus no cartridges to purchase like other machines. Good deal!
"I have both of the Silhouette machines and both have been great to use.  Had a problem with the original blades on the Portrait, but when I notified Silhouette, they sent me replacements right away.  The Cameo has been fine straight from the box.  I wish they would provide better operating manuals with both machines, but you can  access needed information on line.  It is simple and quick to download die cuts from Silhouette and every Tuesday, they have free dies."
"I had 3 cricut machines when i got this machine. I had the Cricut Mini, Cricut Imagine and Cricut Expression 2. Once i got the cameo I got rid of all of them. I love this thing right out of the box. The most amazing thing is the ability to design whatever whenever you want. The silhouette studio that comes with the machine is simply amazing. It has everything you need to create amazing designs. You are also able to import almost any file format when you upgrade to the silhouette designers edition. The main reason i got this machine was for the ability to get the print and cut. It is amazing!! You will not be sorry getting this machine!"
"Love this product! My first one came in and worked amazing for about 2 weeks then started going crazy on me so I called Amazon and they overnighted me a second one and it has worked perfectly. SO MUCH better than the Cricut Expression, there is no comparison. I do mostly vinyl work and some scrapbook type items and I love it!"
"I researched a lot of retailers, online and local, selling the Cameo and found this bundle to be the best deal available. The product is great and high quality. I find that the Silhouette website, along with a multitude of You Tube videos to be very helpful in learning the software program and getting inspiration for new designs.

Enjoy!"
"I have had this machine for over two years and if you are only cutting big designs without intricate details you will probably love this machine.  It does not cut intricate designs in paper or vinyl well.  New blades are required often for cuts like that.

Most recently the print and cut feature has been completely useless.  It keeps telling me that it cannot register.  Great, it was fine for months and now with the software update everything is wacky.  I have been on the phone with the very UN-helpful customer service reps after 15 attempts to make connections with them.  You cannot call and get a live person, you have to leave a message and hope that they call you back when you are available.  Then, I was brushed off after they couldn't find a solution to my problem.

There are serious problems with this new software version and the company is not supporting it well... expect links to the faq's page, not useful information. (Duh, like I didn't already think of that!?)

I would not advise a friend to buy this machine right now.  I have just had too many headaches with it."
"Easy to use and great for making stencils!  The machine does make some strange groaning noises, but works just fine!"
love it. We used it to make our wedding invitations. Great machine if your decent at Illustrator.  It works beautifully.
"Love the machine & all the extras! When I bought my first Silhouette years ago, I realized that Silhouette is the best machine out there. No cartridges to buy & the software/machine is so easy to use! Silhouette blows those other cutters out of the water!"
"Would recommend this product to anyone that loves crafts. This machine will do so much more than other brands. Since it connects to a computer, projects are unlimited."
Any so impressed by this machine! Wish I had gotten it long ago! Easy to use! Able to do so much !
she says she would recommend it. she thought it was a good buy and would buy it again when she needs to replace it
"I have had this now for 9 months and still love this machine.

I am preparing a wedding and have really used it extensively (200 invitations, menu cards, candy labels, programs, etc.). The kit is nice because you will want that extra matt.  The download card gives you many freebies too."
"I am new to die-cutting.  I read the reviews about the other leading brand because it was very expensive but didn't seem to deliver.  It just seem OK.  After research, I noticed the Silhouette had many great reviews...I received it two weeks ago and can not stop printing.  I made a bookmark and now I'm making my sister a birthday card.  If you are on the fence, the Silhouette won't disappoint you."
"It's so much better than Cricut. You don't have to buy cartridges, you can get any picture online and use it. Very happy with it :-)"
So many fun things you can do with the Silhouette.  So easy to use!  Still figuring out all the settings for different media.  But it was up and running quickly.
"The Silhouette Cameo Starter Bundle Kit is a great buy for the money!  It arrived two days after ordering with all items.  I have used it daily since receiving it, and I absolutely love it!!"
"I'm happy with my Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Tool.
I recommend this seller.
One minus: the russian customs arranges goods too long time if item costs more 200."
I am very happy with my purchase I had the smaller Silhouette and was very hapy with that so decided to buy the bigger machine.
"I started a test page. That was ok. Then moved on to card stock. Total fail! Cut the top 2 "" then it just tore paper and never cut the rest.
Too expensive to have not able to cut card stock. Main thing I use is card stock? Back to ole Sizzix! Darn It!"
"The Cameo Starter Bundle arrived within a week (which is great timing for overseas delivery). However, the box arrived damaged and wet. I opened it and everything inside the box was also wet. I'm drying the Cameo off right now and I'm hoping that it still works. Right now, it's a $200+ paper weight that won't turn on.
I will update my review when I can actually get the Cameo to work. Thus far, I'm very sad since I spent so much on this product just for it to arrive in a poor condition.
Also, I didn't see a $10 gift card in the box.

ETA (May 18): I contacted the Silhouette company and they told me there was no method to dry off the unit and that they could do nothing. I then contacted Amazon and they are sending me a replacement Cameo. It's somewhat inconvenient since I'm stationed overseas - I'll update again when I actually receive a working Cameo.

ETA (May 27): I finally received a working Cameo! (The box arrived damaged again, but everything inside was perfect.)
My first project with the Cameo was to make a 9x12 vinyl monogram. I used leftover contact paper (cheaper than purchasing vinyl!) and the Cameo had no problems whatsoever with the material. It cut the intricate curls so perfectly and did a much better job than I would've done cutting by hand. I'm very pleased with this machine thus far.

The $10 card was included and is for a month subscription. However, if you do a quick search online, you can find many free shapes. The software even has a free shape every week! If you are going to purchase a shape from the company, then I highly recommend buying one that has multiple parts and can be edited so you can get multiple shapes from one purchase. They have clearance shapes every week, but even the full price is so much cheaper than dealing with cartridges of objects you don't even want. The flexibility is what sold me on this machine!

Since this is my first time with this machine, I've been researching tutorial websites, and wow, they have been a savior. I recommend researching the correct blade settings for the material you are working with. The vinyl I cut, for example, I used different settings than the preset ones and it worked perfectly for me. There are so many projects that the Cameo can accomplish. So far, I think it's great if you are into Scherenschnitte since you can build your own designs to use. It is a lot faster than cutting things by hand, and my sore fingers are thanking me for purchasing the Cameo.
I'll update again if I find any more helpful tips."
Saw this online and decided I would like to try this machine...When I received it I couldn't wait to get it out of the  box. There is so many things that can be done and made with this machine...the ideas are endless...
This product has been on my wish list for a while and when I saw the deal I couldn't pass it up!
Bought this for my wife and she is in love with it. She has stated a banner business on ETSY and uses this cutter daily. She is glad she chose the larger size.
The images are varied and fun. The machine cuts are precise and clean. The subscription option makes the images inexpensive. No costly cartridges to purchase. The instructional DVD makes using the Silhouette easy.
"I gave it four stars for the versatility of this machine for letting you be creative.
I would have given it 5 stars but the manufacturer forces you to buy additional software to make it work better. I resent them crippling the machine so I am not buying the software. It's like buying a printer and finding out that you need to buy extra software to let it print 90 percent of the stuff out there.
If you're the manufacturer, please if your selling the machine just let it work without forcing us to buy the extra software. The machine is already expensive and you're already making profit off it."
"I do a lot of cardstock modeling and this machine has saved my sanity!  Conversions are needed for World Works Games cardstock stuff but aside from that this is a great machine.  The software it came with was outdated and crashed, went to the Silhouette website and downloaded the new software and it worked great!"
I had a cricket for years... I had no idea what I was missing!! No cartridges to buy and with the money saved by not having to buy cartridges I upgraded to designer edition software (not necessary but you can do a lot more). I've done so many things I've never even thought of with my old machine. I purchased the rhinestone starter kit (LOVE) the fabric starter kit (I can make my daughter's doll clothes!) and the vinyl starter kit (dance mom bumper stickers!!!! I pay $5 minimum for ones that don't hold up to rain. I can make a ton that are weather resistant and personalized for less than that. I would highly recommend this machine to everyone!
"I purchased the Silhouette Cameo Cutter and Starter Kit Bundle.  The bundle advertised a $10 GC for the online store...unfortunately, this was not included in the bundle.  Not even sure how to obtain the missing GC.

ETA 5/12/2014 - When I called Amazon, the customer service rep told me that I should have received an email with a code for $10.  He said their automated system wasn't working.  Sounds like I got fed a line from Amazon because from what I've read, this should have been included in the box.  I'm sure who's to blame...Amazon or Silhouette.  We'll see if either of the companies makes it right.  I'll update if they do."
"The number of graffiti stencils you can create with this are limited only by your imagination.  Never again will I have to settle for poorly Xacto'd out stencils that are just so darn hard to get right because the Silhouette can slice through cardstock the way a freshly-minted first credit card can slice through an 18 year-old's credit.

I have also found a new appreciation for papercraft and pepakura.  Lacking the patience to use scissors, this tool has opened new vistas into creative endeavors for me.  I enthusiastically endorse it and also categorically deny that I was responsible for that funny spray-paint image, Officer."
"A good plotter to work making stickers with sufficient size for what I need, its size is smaller than my home printer and does not occupy much space, the only problems are that it is too noisy when cutting and format he works, in addition to not work with files or EPS formats Corel or Illustrator, you must export them and then work on the original program plotter making it lose some time."
"The Pressure - Weak
==================
Nowhere could I find that this plotter/cutter only has a pressure/force of ~230 grams. That's just not enough to cut some Mylars, which was my case. I found out the hard way -- from somebody's blog online, who also didn't find out until her machine arrived. You really need a machine with 500+ grams of force. The Klik-n-Kut has 750 grams of force and mine is on its way! Lesson learned.

The Mechanics - Weak
===================
When I got the machine, it was neatly packed -- that I will compliment them on. I set it up exactly as illustrated, removed all the hidden little foam shipping pads (make sure you look for them) and blue tapes, turn it on and then...what the !@#$?!!  It made a very loud noise and the slide head inside vibrated with intensity. It was obviously stuck. I tried to cut with it and it tore up the edge of its mat -- because it was cutting in the same general area over and over. When I finally forced the head to the far left end of its bar/track, it started working somewhat properly. It would sometimes end back up at the far right end, only to freeze there and tear up the mat even more.

The Software - Weak
===================
I installed the software and found that it was VERY slow, compared to professionally built applications, such as Corel or Adobe Illustrator. It's almost like it's written in a cartoonish style -- for children. They put more effort into the UI's pretty features than they did the actual functionality. All the intense user interface crap slowed the app way down and I'm on a dual processor Core i7 machine with 16GB of RAM. Lame!

What REALLY chapped my bee-hind is that in order to have ""all"" features of the software, you've got to lay out MORE money and ""upgrade."" Well, that's bull!#$!!  When a company tries to make money off of you by selling upgrades and options, which they know you'll need, they don't have you in their best interest.

The Verdict
===================
There is better stuff out there and I will find it. This machine is made for the mass community of scrapbookers, who probably will not use it all too often and who won't mind paying for silly patterns and software upgrades on the Silhouette website."
"Love and hate this machine but still gave it 4 stars for the machine itself.  I am just lucky enough to afford one of this machine.  I can see that this will be an expensive hobby because the possibilities are endless with all this vinyl material designs that I watched on youtube.

There's a lot that can go wrong when cutting and it is not always known what the problem is. Most forums will just confuse you. It could be the blade, the mat, the material, the machine itself, lub the machine. and then the software. I bought this mainly for ""print and cut"" heat transfers and stickers but the software gave me a lot of problems--not recognizing the registration and not cutting the edge of my design (since the V3 of Studio just came out, until now they have a lot of software bugs that needs to be addressed). After lots of email exchanges with Studio software, they finally gave up and said they may fix the problem in their 3rd v3 release so just go back and install the older software). Now I'm leaning towards MTC (Make the cut software) instead of purchasing the designer Edition just because of their weak Software team. The problem also, is that they made the V3 project files un-readable if you go back to the v2 software (or from latest v3 to the 1st v3 release). I heard the last v2 Studio was great, but too bad I made a lot of designs on v3 that are all unusable on V2."
The silhouette is an amazing machine. The cutting is very precise. User friendly. I love everything about the silhouette! Awesome!
"Really recommend to everybody who wants to create your own decoration at home, parties or even to start a business... you can do amazing things."
"I finally got a chance to use my Cameo.  I just love it.  I gave my Cricut Expression to a relative along with all my cartridges.  I don't miss it at all.  In my opinion, the Silhouette Cameo is far more superior than the Cricut. It even cut faster.  What is so great about this is the ability to use my Jpeg files to print and cut.  It's amazing.  Hope my enthusiasm continues as I use the Cameo.  The mat even last longer than the cutting mat of the Expression (pricey however.)  Loves how it cut detailed design more accurate than the Expression.  Just love it."
"I bought this for my wife's Birthday and she seems to love it! They had a issue with the software the cutter uses, but allowed users to download the legacy version until they fix the newer version. Other than that it seems to be a very well made piece of equipment."
This kit is fantastic! It comes with everything you need and is easy to set up. The machine itself is a bit loud but the cut and software abilities make it well worth it!
"Its an excelent tool works great with diferent materials, easy to use friendly software and the price is just what my budget needed."
I am very glad I purchased the Silhouette.  It came with only basic instructions.  The Help feature only helps so much.  I am hopeful with the Silhouette web site and all the videos out there online I will become a pro soon.  I am still very happy with what the Silhouette can do.
"I thought I would be in way over my head. I've never bought a machine like this before. Every craft I've made previously was all handmade. My crafts are still handmade just better with the Silhouette.

I researched and compared the Silhouette to other similar competitors literally for months before I made this purchase. There were just so many pluses with the Silhouette to ignore. I love that I don't have to buy a cartridge with images on it than I am interested in or the fact that if I lost that cartridge (which is totally believable for me) that I would have to replace it. I love all the incredible projects I can do from paper, to vinyl,to rhinestones, to sketching and on and on and on.

The Youtube channel for the Silhouette has a hugh amount of instructional videos with step by step instructions. Plus the community of users and the endless message boards and blogs of Silhouette customers."
"Well I like the output and the idea of this tool, the process to create custom designs - or anything larger than the size of your hand - is way more complicated and time consuming than it should be. I am good with tools and technology, but it took me way longer than it should to figure out how to set up and use this machine. And although I was using the 'more advanced' software (for an additional fee) that allows you to send custom creations from a graphic design program to the machine, that wasn't actually the issue. The set up options are clunky, the directions limited, and when you mess up as you're figuring things out through, it's a frustrating - and expensive - learning curve.

That said, if you have the time and patience to figure out the software and set up (and definitely set aside time to search for designs on the company site- there are seemingly millions of them), this can be a fun to all for serious crafters. I do not, however, recommend it for new crafters, people who don't think they'll use it very often, or anyone looking to save money by creating their own signs or lettering for a retail store or similar- unless you're making a couple dozen, it ends up being more expensive than going through a professional sign company for things like store hours, vinyl window logos, and the like."
I love my silhouette cameo! I still haven't tried out everything that it can do but I love what I've seen so far!
"I bought the original Silhouette about a decade ago.  It was never quite right.  The right side lost distance and couldn't cut right, but even then, the design of the machine left some things to be desired.
I bought this one on a GoldBox deal, and I must say, I am SO glad I did.  This Cameo is AWESOME!  I keep discovering new things I can do with it.  I rave about it all the time to my friends' dismay.  I think they're just jealous."
"So cool! I loved it! So much I can do with this, it is amazing! It works fast and precise."
It does all that I wanted plus more! I love how the pens work on card stock. Just wish I could find more bright colored vinyl in stores.
"Silhouette just makes a superior product.

We had a Cricut, purchased from Amazon.  Had to send it back; it arrived in a defective state, and the firmware could not be updated or restored.  Cricut's customer service was not at all helpful.

Purchased the Cameo based on other reviews we read here.  Before I clicked the ""Buy"" button, I downloaded the software, to see if I liked it.  While it is a bit clunky, it runs quite well on my Mac and I instantly found the ""Free shape of the week"" in the Silhouette online store.  Plus, I can bring in my own shapes, fonts, and artwork to the Design Studio.

So far, everything I have tried with this cutter has worked so beautifully.  I have only needed to use the ""light hold"" mat to date, and it has held up very nicely.  The tool that came in the starter kit is perfect - two interchangeable tips, and the little tacky gum end to help with weeding.  Very well thought out.

One family member has even figured out how to cut stencils for her nail art using the light hold mat, and painters tape.  She gets perfect results, even with fine little details.

I am so impressed with this machine.  It is versatile, well-made, and allows the user to do what they want to do without much fuss."
"The Silhouette was not manufacturer packaged. Clearly it had been repackaged. Don't know if it was used as a display or was a return item to them.  The cords were not rewound and were just stuffed into plastic bags . I should have returned it immediately but there it sits I haven't even connected or used it yet.
I don't think I will ever order anything online again. Buy local and you have someone to go back to if there is a problem with the purchase."
"From the moment I placed this order I have had nothing but problems. I ordered from them directly, waited forever, canceled my order and then ordered it from Amazon. This company is completely incompetent. Out of the box it said to update the software. I have tried over and over again to update the software, doesn't work from their website. It hasn't made a clean cut through A SINGLE THING I have tried accept for the matt that came with it. AWESOME! It just eats felt. I thought foam sheets would be a popular thing to cut through, but it doesn't cut that either. I would have been happy with just clean paper cuts, but nope! It tears and wads that up too. I think they sent a bunch of free cameos to a bunch of bloggers who gave them good reviews for their nice free machine and then duped the rest of us into thinking it was this wonderful time saver. This thing is a piece of junk!!! It would always be faster to cut whatever you have by hand than to wrestle with this thing and destroy all of your materials in the process. I feel so bad I asked my husband to buy it for me. I have the designer software as well seriously takes forever. There are no instructions for anything. You just have to google youtube videos for instructions and magical settings. SO STUPID!"
"Almost everything you need to get started! I added the hook and scraper tools which come in very handy! Very user friendly, check out Youtube and Pintrest for helpful videos"
"The product cuts fine, but what I don't like is having to place the items you want to cut onto the sticky mat to hold it in place.  If you are cutting regular card stock for example,  pealing the card stock from the sticky mat after cutting will cringe the card stock.  When it is humid or hot, the stickiness of the mat sticks well to the material and will tear the card stock if you try to separate it afterwards.  So trying to cut things that are less than the thickness and durability of card stick will produce poor results when removing it.  If you try to have it cut without using the mat, the blade will damage the interior of the machine.  If I was to design this product, I would introduce a mechanical feature on the acetate mat to hold materials in place.  They force you to use their sticky mats so you have to keep spending money to replace it.

Sometimes, there is slippage and the item you want to cut moves around.  There is only 2 large gripping areas on the grip bar that holds the material down in place.  Even though these 2 parts are adjustable, it is a hassle to adjust it, and I fear over adjusting will make the parts lose it's grip.  It would be better if the product had more contact areas on the grip bar so it can hold materials better, and no need to adjust parts every time you cut different material sizes."
"Read a lot about the machine before I got it.  Watched a lot of videos.  Good thing it comes with two mats, have really cut up the first one, but still usable.  It's a keeper."
I have been using another brand of cutter for ages- this is SOOOO nice- loving how it cuts like butter- the intricate cuts too : ) I have been having a blast making die cuts and stencils with page protectors as well!  I also love the gift certificate and all of the goodies that came with the bundle.
I received this as a Christmas gift and I have to say I have used it almost every day since.  Pair it with a good Pinterest board and you will be making some amazing things!!  Would definitely recommend for any crafty person.
i received my silhouette cameo and i am satisfied that after all the looking and constantly reading reviews i found that it does just was it says it does...the store really offers .99 cents images and even .75 cents images! it's quite a sophisticated cutting machine and it surpasses my expectations
"Great piece of machinery, has come in very handy for numerous projects already. Software included with it is fairly easy to use, and there are hundreds of tutorials out there for any questions you may have. Very glad I got this!"
"For Christmas last year, I decided to surprise my wife with this kit.  It was available as a Lightning Deal at the time, so I got it for super cheap.  I noticed Amazon had it on Lightning Deal again about a week ago, which spawned the reminder of writing this review.

My main reason of choosing this over the famous (or infamous) Cricut was the fact that a lot of reviewers (not only on Amazon) mentioned how this product does everything the Cricut can do, but is cheaper in the long run due to buying designs individually or in packs on their online store vs the Cricut's cartridge-based system.  Because I didn't have much time to make a decision (being a Lightning Deal during Amazon's Christmas season), I read about 10 reviews and that's when I pulled the trigger.

Upon receiving it, my wife was ecstatic.  She knew what this machine was despite wanting a Cricut.  I told her we could send it back and get her a Cricut instead, but she said no because after reading about it, she decided she liked this one better.  With that decision, we unboxed it and went to work.

Right out of the box, you have the option of either cutting (with the blades) or sketching (with the pens) and you receive a gift card to buy some designs on Silhouette's website.  Since my wife already had cardstock she used previously on past projects, we ended up using that for her first test runs with the Silhouette.

But just like other reviewers mentioned, we ran into a few issues.  The most notorious one was the stickiness of the cutting mat.  However, it's important to know two things about the cutting mat.  The mat is extremely sticky but it DOES lose it's adhesion over time.  Perhaps Silhouette could use a slightly less-tackier adhesive on this mat, but it will cause you some issues.  The second thing to know is that you need some THICK card stock (even after the mat loses its tackiness), otherwise you will experience some tearing and pieces of paper left on the mat.  This was discovered because my wife already had some cardstock from past projects laying around.  By using these as a test run on the Silhouette, we found that they were too ""thin"" to be of any use.  My wife got them from Joann, out of one of those cardstock bundle packs.  We ended up going to Joann's again later that day and buying cardstock ""a la carte"", as those had the characteristics my wife was looking for.  I can't remember the brand of cardstock, but if you go to the section in Joann's, it's the majority of their solid color selections available by the sheet.

The second gripe, minor of course, is that one of the pens she got from the kit (the silver one) was dried out.  It would not sketch anything when used and I even tried writing with it.  The other three pens (black, gold, white), worked as normal.

The third gripe, is that the intro video CD is fairly worthless.  My wife spent hours on Youtube using user-posted videos of the Silhouette and found those to be much more helpful than those of Silhouettes.  Basically anything Silhouette-related can be found on Youtube.

The last and final gripe, is that this machine is a little loud when cutting/sketching etc.  Not sure if any of you reading my review remember dot matrix printers (the kind where you buy ribbon cartridges), but that's what this thing sounds like.  I'm not sure if this is normal, but you get used to it.

Since owning the Silhouette, my wife has invested in the following accessories:
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Spatula/dp/B005H3TB3C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Spatula</a>&nbsp;- A MANDATORY tool that greatly helps remove card stock (especially when you do intricate/delicate designs while cutting). This help prevent tears.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Heat-Transfer-Starter-Kit/dp/B005H3T8GM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Heat Transfer Starter Kit</a>&nbsp;- So she could do heat transfers on various projects (baby onesies, etc). She loves this the best.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Fabric-Blade/dp/B008QD6JJY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Fabric Blade</a>&nbsp;- So she could actually cut fabric.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Scraper/dp/B007IQ2SKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Scraper</a>&nbsp;- For cleaning the cutting mat. While not necessary, my wife likes intricate cuts into her cardstock. This always leaves flecks of paper on the adhesive mat. With this tool, you can clean it off entirely in a couple scraps. Doesn't harm your mat at all!
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Metallic-Sketch-Pen-Pack/dp/B0046BQ28I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Metallic Sketch Pen Pack</a>&nbsp;- Because her silver was dried out from the beginning.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Sketch-Pen-Starter-Kit/dp/B00B4AUF3M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Sketch Pen Starter Kit</a>&nbsp;- Because she wanted more colors to sketch with.
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Dust-Cover-Teal/dp/B008PTQBME/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Dust Cover, Teal</a>&nbsp;- To cover her cameo to keep it clean.

Overall, this product was one of the best purchases I've ever made for my wife.  It keeps her busy and she enjoys it.  This is a no-brainer for those of you with significant others that loves homemade crafts."
"Beautiful sleek machine, great at cutting intricate designs provided you use the correct settings and card stock.
There is a learning curve to understand how to work through the designs and their customer service is no better than Cricut. You still have to wait for someone to call back in a day.
Happy I bought it!"
I love this machine!  It does everything I need it to do and more.  I am currently watching YouTube videos to learn about how to use all of the groovy features...it is much better than reading the manual. :)
I love my silhouette!!!! I did my homework and research all kind of vinyl cutters made my decision to buy this one an I don't regretted this item its a must get.
I am loving playing with this machine and it was easy to figure out downloading and cutting instructions.  Love it
"I got this for someone as a gift.

I waited to write this review, so that the cutter could be properly evaluated.

I must say that it is impressive for what it does. Some of the projects included some very intricate designs made on a wacom pad then converted and transferred.

Any person into crafts will appreciate this item as a gift."
ammmmm i got it today amazing machine .please don't get confusion like me when i  decided to choose it ...............
"I've used a cricut in the past and recently bought the Silhouette Cameo Kit. I couldn't be happier. The lines are much more precise and importing my own designs from Illustrator make it completely worth it. Cricut is such a locked down service, I'd rather have the option of cutting my own designs!"
I'm in love with this machine! Makes my job so much easier and works wonderfully. I would definitely recommend this!
"I really love our Silhouette Cameo. We use it any time we need to make a card, a custom gift, a special onesie for our baby. We've used it for paper, vinyl, and fabric, and have been happy with its performance for all three. The online library is great, and there are a million projects & tutorials on Pinterest and around the blogosphere. Highly recommend."
"I absolutely love this machine!! When I first started looking for a cutting machine, I was considering the Cricut brand. However, what ultimately swayed me to this machine was that you could purchase each graphic/font/etc individually and instantly from Silhouette's online shop. No need to spend $40 on an entire themed cartridge when you only want a few images. Plus, the Silhouette online store often has sales on images, which is a definite plus!

So far, I've been using this machine for about 4 months for scrapbooking and bulletin board projects. It is simple to use and a definite timesaver. It cuts intricate images beautifully and the fact that I can easily change out the blade for a pen is a very nice plus. As along as I adjust my pen to the appropriate level (I don't always use the Silhouette pens), the machine has drawn everything as requested with no problems.

I have had no issues at all with the machine or Silhouette program. If I had to complain about anything, it would be the cutting mat. The stickiness fades fairly quickly and you do have to replace them regularly. Luckily, the mats aren't too costly and you can often find them on sale in various places.

This machine is a little costlier than some of the other models but I wouldn't choose another after my experiences with the Silhouette Cameo."
It works great. I use it to cut chocolate mouse drops. Then I sprinkle them behind the fridge and cupboard.
I love my silhouette with the fire of 1000 burning suns with gasoline being poured on them and a magnesium core.
This machine is awesome.  I recommend this product to anyone starting out. It has exceeded my expectations by a mile.
This is an awesome little machine and a great company. You will find tons of professionally done tutorials to help you get started. They also just upgraded the design software which was a major improvement.
"I am just in love with it, its great, easy to use and completely worth it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is into DIY"
Still learning how to use all the features.  Wish it came with more detailed instructions. This was recommended by a friend and I think it works very well. Have made several cuts with it and so far am satisfied with my purchase.
"I like the machine and find that it works good.  However it was supposed to come with 50 free designs, but did not.  I have installed the software disc -no designs.  Uninstalled and reinstalled to be sure it was done correctly, still no designs.  The advertisement says 50 free designs, others on a craft list say they got 50 free disigns, You Tube users say they got the 50 free disigns...the box that the machine came in says there are 50 free designs included.....but they were NOT in mine, NOT on the installation disc.  Please send another disc with the designs that I was supposed to get!"
Love this machine I have had so much fun creating projects. I would recommend watching the tutorial video before using because I cut thru the sides of my mat the first time I used it.
"Love, love, love my Cameo!!  I just can't say enough wonderful things about it!  So far I've used it for scrap booking, card making, and paper crafting 3D fun stuff.  Been so busy with those things that I haven't had time to try the fabric cutting, vinyl, glass etching, or even printing features.  I just need to figure out a way to quit my job so I can play with this great machine all day long!  You can't go wrong with one of these ~"
"I have a lot to learn but what I have used the Cameo so far, I am thrilled.  It is easy to set up and easy directions.  Excited to use different types of material for different projects.  I would recommend this to everyone interested in crafts.  The designs are cheap and I am mostly excited to use this to cut out designs for custom pillow covers and designs for T-shirts.  I plan on making my own designs also to use in the Cameo."
I am very pleased with my purchase .So much fun to work and play with. Making gifts and having fun learning new things to o with the Cameo. Would highly recommend to anyone.
This might be meant for scrap booking but this little machine is a dream come true for my small business!  I started with a Cricut and there were too many limitations- there are NO limits to what you can do with this machine!
I bought the silhouette to create vinyl stencils for my airbrush projects. E-Z set up. I haven't used the extras that come with. Silhouette Cameo is not made for daily use but I have gotten my monies worth from this machine.
"I have always wanted a die cutter to do my scrapbook and crafts with. I was almost going to buy the Cricket but my kids said to wait and look this product up first, they had friends who had this one and liked it much more.  So after looking it up and doing some research I knew it was the right one for me.  The Cricket you have to keep buying cartridges to get different designs, which can really get costly.  But with the Silhouette you can buy all the designs - single designs - you want online and load them into your Silhouette library to have forever and use when you want.  The instruction DVD was great and the machine is really easy to use, even for me who isn't that savy with a computer.  I will enjoy this product for years to come. The bundle kit is great because it gives you most of the things you need to get started right away."
"Haven't gotten to use it much yet, but from what I've experienced so far, this is a great machine. Can't wait to use the scan and cut feature."
"I just started using scrapbooking techniques in my elementary classroom as a way to inspire them to write. It has been very effective. I purchased the Silhouette because I was told it's perfect for people who like computers. I love it! Here's what I've done with it so far: I imported a logo into it and made cards for my Pink HAMsters group, used it to create large objects (10""x12"") for posters, created multiple school projects for the kids including a robot ""operation"" game, and dozens of greeting cards. Here's what I like about it: You don't have to buy all those die cut shapes. You can create a die cut shape from your stamps so that they are the same shape! You can print and cut - print out images (like my logo) and then cut them on the Silhouette. You can create your own shapes or buy any of the hundreds available on the Silhouette site for $ .99 or less (on sale). This machine is so versatile and I haven't even touched many of its features.

The downside is that there is a learning curve. If you are familiar with photoshop and other illustration-type softwares, it will be easy to master. If not, you will have some learning time. The positive to that is that there are tons of you-tube videos that tell you step by step how to do everything!

If you are the creative type, you will absolutely LOVE this machine!"
I love this thing. I use it to make all my holiday cards and for cut out patterns when I am working with felt.
"Got this machine to replace my other cutter that was crippled by the banning of third party software. This machine is a gem. The provided software is good enough to replace any previously used software and when combined with Inkscape (freeware), you've got yourself a powerful creative tool. I've cut far more than just paper and vinyl with it and it's never given me a problem. I use it primarily to cut vinyl stencils for use with sandblasting. It is a bit noisy, but that's not even an issue for me."
"The only reason I purchased this machine is because I was pretty unhappy with my cricut. Having to buy cartridge after cartridge with at most 10 things on each that I actually like and use was a waste of money. I was so glad to find out that with this machine you can download one at a time...well that is you can download it and use it for yourself and as a gift but don't you dare try to sell cards that you make with their images....nope that will cost you more money and then you may only use the image for a limited time. So sorry I bought this, next time more research first !!!!!"
"I pined after the Silhouette SD for months, not being able to justify the price of the machine. When my husband PCS'd halfway across the country - and had to leave a lot of our household dcor behind - the new Cameo had just come out, and I was about to order the SD at the cheaper price. My husband encouraged me to get the new one, rationalizing that the money we'd save in buying new dcor totally justified the price of the machine. He ended up ordering this bundle for me as a surprise, when I still couldn't decide.

This is, hands down, one of the greatest presents anyone has ever gotten me! I don't scrapbook at all, but I'm a big DIY-er and this thing can do almost anything! I've done vinyl art for every wall in the house, customized everything from water bottles to kitchen gadgets, created custom clothes for my son, cut fabric for patterns and appliqus, made holiday decorations, cut stickers and temporary tattooes we printed ourselves, made wooden welcome signs and plaques...

The only downside is, it's an expensive hobby! You can never buy just one roll of vinyl; you gotta buy 20 so you have one roll of each color. I own boxes upon boxes of cardstock and scrapbook paper, printable fabric sheets, heat transfer vinyl, sticker paper, you name it, I probably have 12 of them in six different colors. It's highly addicting, especially when everyone comments on how amazing your creations are.

If you're between this and the Cricut, forget the Cricut! My cousin has it, and could not believe there was a similarly-priced system that allowed you to hook up to your laptop and design anything you want. The Cricut dies are insanely expensive and so limited in what they offer; I can open Photoshop and make anything I can think of, import it to Silhouette Studio and cut! And if you don't have Photoshop, or you're not a graphic designer, Silhouette's online design store has a frillion designs for 99 cents!

I did have some issues with cutting vinyl right out of the box - the machine cut a straight line through half a roll of vinyl - but a quick e-mail to Silhouette's customer service and they sent out two new blades (to replace the two blades in this bundle) and a new roll of vinyl immediately. The customer service that backs this machine is what makes me confident I'll be able to enjoy this machine for years to come.

I'm still using my original two cutting mats, which I re-sticky with spray-on adhesive (any craft store will have this), after maybe 300 cuts. They are a little worse for wear, and probably need replacing yesterday, but they still work great. I've since ordered two Cricut 12x24-sized mats, which work just as good with the Cameo and were a lot cheaper than the Silhouette brand, and it seems like a lot of other media can be used between both brands. I've also started using Oracle brand vinyl, which is cheaper and larger than Silhouette brand, since Silhouette vinyl is becoming harder and harder to find. Keep in mind you aren't limited to their brand, and shop around for better prices; the Oracle vinyl on Amazon is repackaged from another wholesaler, who will sell it to you directly online for less money!"
Decided to buy this but was a little apprehensive on how easy it would be to use. Rest assured - it's super easy to set up and go! LOVE this product!
"For an honest review and I'm an ex-help desk IT person who has supported all kinds of software for over 20 years, I'd just like to say that I find the Designer edition of their software so tedious and complex to use. If you've ever taken any of their classes, you will see how many different tedious and complex clicks it takes to create an design to cut.  So much of the software utilizes their own shortcuts different from what Microsoft users are used to and even selecting an image doesn't always work the 1st try.  Between grouping and ungrouping, compound paths and release compound paths, offset window and selecting cut lines...WOW.
Another issue I have found is that the machine itself is very noisy when cutting or 'writing'.

On the positive it does cut precisely, however I have found over and over when creating, I will fore go the tedious software and find a Cricut cut where hardly anything is necessary to modify...and, yes, I do use the software - Cricut Craft Room, which is so much easier to manipulate and utilize.  I'm not a professional designer or artist that wants to spend hours upon hours in my craft room creating scrapbook pages or cards. So I still believe the Cricut machine is the way to go for most crafters.  I'm looking forward to the Cricut Machine - Cricut Explore"
Love love love my machine!  Upgraded from a cricut expression 2 wish I would of done that a long time ago. The possibilities are endless of what you can cut and design. I highly recommend this!
Love it. once you get a hang of the program its awesome. my husband loves it too. great value package as well.
"It's been fun learning how to use this cutter.  I know it was designed for crafting, but I use it to cut my templates and fabric for applique designs.  There are great videos on youtube to learn to use the cutter.  The best part is you can cut any design you can create without having to spend a fortune for dies that you might never use again.  Con would be that you can only cut one layer of fabric at a time, but for my applique work that's all I need anyway."
"I have been waiting two years to get a Silhouette Cameo. I already had a Circuit so I hesitated to purchase yet another expensive crafting gadget. I finally decided to splurge for my Birthday. I found this great deal at a wonderful price. If you are thinking about it, think no more. This is an amazing machine. Sell your Circuit and all those expensive cartridges and get this. If you are undecided between the Portrait and the Cameo, as I was, get the Cameo. You can do so much more."
I absolutely love my machine. I also own a cricut. But the Silhouette has better features and is more economical to use because it doesn't take those expensive cartridges that the cricut uses.
"Can't say enough great things about this. Cuts vinyl  clean, sharp and is super easy to use right out of the box. Only downside - less time with the hubby because I'm always working on my next project."
"That's all I have to say, the silhouette cameo is everything and a lot more that we need. I was a litle skeptical to buy this machine compared to the cricut which was my first choice than, but when I found that the cricut are not comparable with MAC that turn me down completely. But than reading blogs and searching , I read about the silhouette. The price was defenetely more than what I want pay, but I just took the risk and did...T H A N K YOU GOD I did. Iam soooo in love with .
I did have a problem as soon as I got where I could not get to cut but, than when I replaced the blade for a new one, everything was working. I contact customer service and the got back to me right away and sent me a new blade.

I am so pleased with the product and company ."
"I really like my Silhouette, It is incredibly versatile... I create my own designs or with a little help from the web I can quickly turn a JPEG into a vectorized file that I promptly cut.  The software is amazing and pretty intuitive.  I have not however had any luck with fabric or heavier paper (100lbs), so I avoid small intricate cuts on those.  I bought it together with a Cricut expression 2, and a million other things (I went a little overboard when I first entered the world of paper crafting), and I really really wish I hadn't spent the hundreds upon hundreds of dollars spent on the cricut and tens of cartridges..  I barely used it, maybe twice.  I recommend the silhouette."
"I've had the Silhouette Cameo for about a month and I absolutely love this machine!  I am a teacher and have found a million things I can make to use in my classroom. Instead of spending money on pre cut things I only have to buy cardstock. If I need a certain number of images I easily make them.  No more tracing and cutting things out, or being limited to what is available pre cut.  I have made a couple of cards and decorations for my home as well.  There is a little bit of a learning curve which takes a little patience.  I had a Cricut before and I loved that too.  This machine is more versatile and you don't have to find space to keep all the fonts.  I love that you get a free front to download each week, and the individual fonts are very inexpensive to buy.  I feel like this purchase was definitely money well spent.  I highly recommend this machine to anyone who likes to make their own things.  It's not just for scrapbookers."
"It took two of us to learn to use this product.  In addition to the provided instructions, we had to refer to the internet for additional help, such as some YouTube instructional videos.  But once we figured out how to use it, we like the product."
I absolutely love my Silhouette!  I've made a couple of products so far and I am incredibly satisfied with the outcome.  The software was pretty easy to understand but I use a lot of internet tutorials to help with things I can't figure out on my own.  I've already recommended this product to many of my friends and family members.  Great product.  Well worth the money.
"We originally bought this to work on baptism announcements, since then it's exploded into a fun project for both my husband and myself.  He loves to create new images to cut, and it's free.  Sure you can buy the pre-made patterns online at their store, and they are great, but you can also get things free from a million sites out there or make them yourself. The possibilities are endless.  If you don't want to think or be creative outside of the norm, then get the cricket, otherwise the silhouette does so much more, it's a crazy stupid obvious choice.....take the adventure."
"Once we received the Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit we quickly realized that we needed to upgrade to the designer level software.  We found the process of upgrading tedious, after paying for the upgrade the passwords would not work, the customer service wasn't as helpful as we needed them to be, and it took approximately a month to actually get the upgrade installed and working after much back and forth with the company just to get the upgrade installed that we had paid for."
I've had the cameo for about a month now and I love it! I used it to make invitations for my sister's baby shower and I received so many compliments. I'm excited for my next project!
"This machine was a hit in our home, everyone loves it, it's so easy to use the whole family can use it. we find it fun and exciting to use, and it makes beautiful projects, the vinyl is fun to cut, and it is so great that my children and Husband enjoy it too, make family bonding time great. It cuts  great and is a help to scrap booking, and cards, and vinyl, more than I could have imagined. WE Love it."
"Love this product!!! Bought a Cricut, returned it a few days later bc I was disappointed. I love my silhouette cameo!"
Just purchased and have only used it a few times but it is a great machine.  I'm still learning the program and how to manipulate the pictures and also tweaking the cutting depth so it makes cleaner cuts.  The cutting mat is extremely sticky and absolutely decimated the first few sheets of paper but since then it has been easier to get he paper off.  I intend to try another users idea of patting down the additional mat with a clean T-shirt to de-sticky it some.
I chose this rating because I love this product. There is nothing about it that I do not like. I would recommend this to a friend.
"I love this product. It took me a while to find the cut setting my silhouette used (every machine is different and needs different settings for each material), but once I did it works like a charm! I even cut vinyl with the settings for each type of material and put it on the inside door so I always remember. :) LOVE this machine."
"I have used the Silhouette Cameo for over 2 years and LOVE it! I am primarily a card maker but a friend of mine uses hers to cut fabric and thin leathers. I HIGHLY recommend taking some online classes (I took several from Kerri Bradford Studio) to learn how to get the most out of your machine. I buy some files from Silhouette but I also do many of my own that turn out great. Pay the extra money for the Designer Edition software because then you can import SVG files that you can find for sale and FREE on the internet. Warning, this machine can addictive! It can open a whole new world in creativity for you!"
I purchased this machine because my daughter has our Cricket with all our cartridges. She lives 2 and a half hours away.  That's why we meet for retreats to scrap together. But what about when I want to scrap at home.  The Silhouette lets me buy objects I need on line anytime I need it.  I don't need cartridges.  It is a sharp cutter and I can make the objects any size I want.  The objects are inexpensive too and I can use them over and over.
I have really enjoyed using my Silhouette and I look forward to using it more. It is everything I thought it would be.
I'm brand new to the Cameo. I've made tshirts using transfer vinyl so far. I can't cut well due to being legally blind so I really like that my cuts are going to look great.
"Came fast, works excellent! This is my favorite new toy.  I use it to cut vinyl and it works great!"
"Is excellent machine
You can create whatever you want
Is simple to use and practical
I recomend this amazing item"
"I already used so many times since I got this machine.
Silhouette cameo is  one of the best tool I ever had for scrap booking and card making.
This machine is light weight and easy to move around. I think it is lighter than my big shot die cut machine.
And also I think it's nice design.
I used so much so I need to change cutting mat 2 times, also blades.
I really recommended this machine!"
"Wow, what a great little machine! I mainly use it for T-Shirts with heat transfer vinyl. The best thing about it is that you can copy any font or graphic right from the web, then save it as a jpeg (or other file, see below) and open it into your Silhouette Designer Software. From there you just go to the tracing option and have it traced. Working the software is super easy and it lets you do quite a lot of things. Once you are ready to cut it will ask you what medium you use and will give you a suggestion on the knife setting. Again, setting the knife is easy and takes a mere 5 seconds. Before cutting heat transfer vinyl, don't forget to flip your image horizontally  or it will end up mirrored on your T-Shirt. I found all sorts of vinyl by the yard on the internet for very cheap ($8 per yard, 20in wide) in all colors.  Silhouette supports the following files: JPEG, BNP, PNG, TIFF, GIF, DXF (AutoCAD) and GSD. Standard free Software let's you do almost anything so unless you are a Photoshop pro you won't need the Pro Version which is only under $50. I highly recommend this item. Tons of how-to videos on youtube."
"This is my favorite Christmas present ever!  I watched the ""how-to"" videos on You Tube before I got it and then re-watched them and used it with step-by-step instructions.  The instructions that come with it leave a lot to be desired.  I have used it every day since I got it and now by Cricut-owning daughter wants one.  I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!"
"I am a graphic design student at MassArt and was so excited to have a product that could make more intricate and precise cuts than I was comfortable doing myself with an x-acto knife, especially based off of illustrator and inDesign designs. I was not hesitant, then, when I decided to purchase this printer for a birthday present for myself. WHAT A MISTAKE.

Almost $300 later, I have a PIECE OF JUNK that cannot make simple cuts of decently large type (sans-serif, even!) The few times I have tried to use this product, with materials and settings that the instructions and settings listed, it has failed in every wayruined prints by ripping and snagging (new blade, only used less than 10 times ever and NEVER AGAIN), to not cutting fully through the paper and leaving me with unusable prints.

I DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR MY FRIENDS AND EVEN MY ENEMIES.

This is a piece of crap unless you are trying to cut out simple, large shapes that you could easily do with a pair of scissors and will definitely be less frustrating than using this product. I have tried to tell Silhouette this, but every email they respond with questions my actions, my ability to follow directions, and my intelligence in general. I also will try to return this product and avoid the Silhouette brand at all costs."
"I ordered this a few weeks ago as my birthday gift, and it worked perfectly for the first project I did (cutting car-shaped valentines out of card stock).  Since then, it has been hit or miss.  It will start out cutting perfectly, and then either only cut half-way through the paper or will go crazy and cut where it shouldn't (will just cut randomly across the whole page).  I have spent HOURS researching online and messing with the settings.  I have two friends who are experienced with the cameo who came over and tried to figure it out. I even purchased a new mat and blade (even though mine were pretty much new still) and it is still having issues.  Since it cuts perfectly fine for a minute before acting up, I really think there is something wrong with the machine and that I was just sent a ""lemon"".

I've been emailing back and forth with Silhouette America, and whoever is writing these emails obviously isn't actually reading mine.  They keep replying with new things to try to remedy the problem, and if they had read my initial message they'd see I've already tried every suggestion they've sent so far.

I tried to return it through amazon, and was given Silhouette's customer service number to call regarding the return.  The problem is I've left voice mails and no one ever picks up or returns my calls.  I am disappointed and very frustrated.  I used friends' machines before purchasing my own and know they can work beautifully.  I now just paid $270 for something that doesn't work, and can't get the company to replace it!"
"I bought mine when it first came out. I love it and use it all the time to cut vinyl, cardstock, and fabric for appliqus. I love that I only need one blade that can be set to whatever depth I need. No keeping track of multiple blade cartridges.

The software is awesome. I can design whatever I want, and it's free! I actually downloaded the software and started playing with it before purchasing my machine. It will also use any font that is installed on my computer. With all of the free fonts available, I have never had to purchase one to get the look I want.

In short, this machine is awesome and I use it frequently for all sorts of things."
"this was a gift for my daughter, it arrived quickly and in perfect shape, she loves making al kinds of things with it"
I really like this now that I have it figured out. I use it mostly for cutting things I draw to use with my airbrush. It took only 2 attempts to figure out what I was doing so so far so good.  I have only cut on tagboard so my future with this looks good. I imagine there are all kinds of good things I can do and haven't yet. Looking forward to more activity with this.
"I love this machine!  I also have the cricut, the cameo cuts so much nicer and cleaner.  The only downside is the noise, it is very loud!"
Definitely meets expectations.  Easy to set up and get going!  Love it!! This is a great starter kit at a reasonable price./
"This machine is great! You can design yourself, use fonts installed on your computer, or purchase from the online store. I'm very happy with my machine!"
"Bought it for my wife, and honestly I love it as well. Generally I don't get too involved with her crafting stuff, but vinyl has tons of uses. I also think this machine outdoes its competition."
"I chose this rating because the Cameo became a very disappointing investment. I like the fact that you can create and download designs for various projects on your computer and print, cut, or both. You can even sketch, make stamps, stencils or do things with fabric and vinyl which I haven't tried yet. It surely has a computer advantage (why I chose it), a large assortment of designs to download, and different functions. It does take a while (weeks to months depending on whether you use the machine daily, weekly or monthly) to learn how to truly use the machine and how to operate and navigate throughout the software. In the meantime, you must waste and go through lots of paper, ink, cutting mats and blades before getting a good basic hang of it. I'm a professional artist/crafter and pretty good with machines and computer stuff. This is my first experience with a computerized cutting machine. The cameo is definitely not for a beginner or someone not computer savvy.
What I dislike about the Cameo is that the instructions are not clear and leave out a lot of things you need to know beforehand and can 't remember since the instruction manual is very long. There should have been guided instructions with pictures (in addition to the You Tube videos) built into the software as you operate and do projects, especially for the expensive ""Design Studio"" supplemental software.
Whoever designed the machine must have only used Silhouette paper and products because all the paper I purchased that is not made by Silhouette doesn't seem to work right even though I use the correct settings. This is a key point because even though you can customize your media (paper, etc.), it still takes a lot of time and creates much waste until you get it right.
What's really irritating are the cutting mats that stick to the paper so well, that what you just cut out shreds as you try to get the sheet of paper or cut outs off the mat. They have a ""light hold"" cutting mat that seems to work a little better. Chipboard seems to cut the best regardless of the brand. The scraper and pick-up tools are a joke. The cutting mats aren't durable and well-made at all and the blades can cut right through them, especially if a misalignment occurs. You will spend a great deal replacing your cutting mats which are essential since they are optically read by the machine. Another disappointment is that the machine doesn't do embossing.
I wanted to make and cut out my own original designs which will take me months to figure out and do. I ended up buying the larger manual  Spellbinder cutting machine which is fantastic for cutting and embossing compared. If the Cameo is able to produce my own designs, as it claims (after I learn how to do it well) and they improve their cutting mats, then I will update you and be happy with this investment."
"I have been an avid Cricut user for many years and decided to abandon my Cricut for the Cameo. I read all the reviews on the Cameo and made my decision to switch. I had heard that the cameo cuts much nicer than the Cricut. While it cuts as good I don't see how it cuts better. I think the trick to a good cut is the right weight of paper and pressure settings. The Cricut is easier to use, but there is more versatility with the Cameo. I love that you make your design on a computer. I used the gypsy with the Cricut and the Cameo lets you design and weld letters together with ease. It was a learning curve for me, but I am getting there! I don't like that you have to take the housing out and keep track of the little gray ratchet to change the blade settings. I will eventually loose that little plastic thing!! I really love the Cameo, but I am not getting rid of my Cricut just yet!!"
Great tool for anyone needing to create their own cut-out designs. Already had one and got this as a backup.
"I ordered this Cameo because I wanted to have a larger machine.  I already had the Portrait and loved it, but I needed a larger mat size.  I have been very happy with the Cameo.  It is fun to use and I liked the things that were bundled with it.  The price was great too!"
I love my Silhouette Cameo - have used it many times - easy to use - easy set-up - price was better than most I've seen especially for everything included in the bundle. Only complaint - wish they would have included a dust cover with this package. So easy to use - plug it into the computer and the Silhouette Studio tells you what settings to use based on the media you are using. Only complaint - trial and error in sizing and so forth - but that is just a learning curve on the users part. Otherwise would highly recommend this product for anyone who does scrapbooking or crafts. Love it.
Loved how easy the purchase was. Purchased as a present for my mother and she absolutely loves the creativity of this tool! Thanks!
"The machine had a problem reading our printed pages when we first started.  After reading the forums, the page needed to be moved to the top of the mat instead of within the gridlines.  This fixed that problem and it has been working great since."
"Words cannot express how AWESOME this machine is!  I had been using a Cricut that I received as a gift for a little over year when a friend told me about the Silhouette.  I was looking for an upgrade from my current machine because it only cut 6"" wide and frankly I was sick of buying cartridges.  After researching the Silhouette, I put it on my Christmas list.  After using it for a few months, I can truly say it's one of the best Christmas presents I've ever received.

The Silhouette Cameo is an all digital cutter.  No cartridges are needed.  Everything you cut is designed in their easy to use software (included).  When you install the software and link your machine you get about 50 images for free.  You can use your own fonts from your computer, which you cannot do with the Cricut.  There are great websites (like DaFont.com) that have tons of free fonts you can use in your projects.  With the bundle from Amazon you also get a $10 gift card to use at their online store, which has a ton of cute fonts and images for about 99 cents each.  Also, each week on Tuesday they have a new ""free shape of the week"" that you can download.  The cuts are so precise.  I cut a very small and detailed snowflake (that my Cricut would have just destroyed) with no problems.  I have cut vinyl, cardstock, glitter cardstock, and thin printer paper with no problems, all with the same blade.  The blades and cutting mats are still going strong and I have cut a ton of stuff.  The Cricut's mats and blades had a very short life span.  Also with the Amazon bundle you get the Silhouette pen set.  I had a chance to try them out and the results were great.  It's relatively quiet when it's cutting.

My favorite thing about the machine is the fact that you can take any image you want from the internet and make it a cuttable image.  There are a few YouTube tutorials on how to do this.  The Cricut is very limited on what it can cut, i.e. either cartridges that you buy from them, or digital images you buy from them.  Not the Silhouette.  Anything you can find, you can cut (for personal use only, though).

I would recommend this machine to anyone.  I love it, love it, LOVE IT!"
"I originally purchased the cricut expression but quickly found it would not do what I wanted. The best feature of the cameo is that I can cut my own designs. Anything I can design and save as an SVG, I can cut with this cutter as long as I have the design studio software installed! I have had fun with it!"
I have enjoyed working with the Silhouette.  I am looking forward to try to use it in many more ways.
"I received my silhouette Cameo and got right into watching videos on use and reading manuals, etc., ok so I get an extra blade with this package, awesome supposed to save you money, extra pad and extra blade.  So stupid me puts in the blade in the little zip bag instead of the nice blade in the silhouette box as both should have been, they looked the same, NOT.  the blade did not cut my first project, wasted, then when cutting my vinyl project completely ruined it, not cutting through and picking up the vinyl making a big mess.  So what was wrong, I was doing everything right?  I looked at the blades and yeah you can tell they are different, so I took out the blade from the package and put it in, PRESTO the cut was awesome, 1st time, so what is the use of getting an extra blade if it is junk?  That is what I want to know, why don't you get two blades in the Silhouette wrap, why is one in a zip bag?  Not a great deal for me, ruined my vinyl which is expensive to start with.  Love the machine itself just not happy with the bundle."
"The cuts are very clean compared to the cricut.  With the smaller cuts and little details, the cricut always left areas uncut or jagged.  The cameo doesn't do that at all!  Pros and cons to both die cutting machine so I'm not too sure if I want to let go of my cricut.  Lets see how often I use it and I may let my cricut go.  If I knew about the cameo ahead of time, I would have not bought the cricut for sure.  But since I already have the cricut and invested in it's cartridges, I might just keep it around."
"I purchased the a Silhouette Cameo about a month ago and I think this cutting machine deserves an A+.  I have owned two Cricuts and they do not hold a candle to the Silhouette, the Silhouette is very easy to use and cut quality is fantastic!"
"I love this machine and what it can do.  Have not learned to print yet, but slowing working on that.  I especially love the die cuts.  I have found that using Silhouette's designs will help me save money by not buying other brands of dies.  My hobbies are scrapbooking and cardmaking.  I am aware this machine can do so much more.

My only complaint is that I had the impression that you open the box, hook up the machine and it was ready to go.  After several tries, and damaging the mats that came with the machine (scotch tape is still working);looking up on the internet for tips, I have it works like it should.

Instead of the basic instrucitonal book that came with the machine it would be nice if all the tips and tricks and simple projects would be put in one book along with the instructions.

I would recomment this machine for anyone that is interested in papercrafting.

Thank you."
I have had this over 2 years and I run my tshirt business with it.  I use it for cutting vinyl out and it has been a great buy.  As long as you keep the blades new and the mats sticky it's phenomenal.
"I really liked this purchase. The machine works very well, cut exactly for a home use product , it's design is elegant and the accesories included are really good and it was cheaper on the budle. On the other hand the software is really bad, hard to use and confusing. They make as hard as they can to import designs from Adobe Illustrator and other vectorial tracing software and the only evident solution is to pay to unlock the ""pro"" features of the ""Designer edition"". It's a 40 extra dollars download code and I'm not shure that it gains much more features to be worth. There are workaround to export the files, but that shoud not be nesesary in this times. That is kind of frustrating."
This was super easy to learn to use and totally awesome!  I recommend anyone looking to buy one of these to just do it!
"The Silhouette is a good value.  Their is a learning curve with the software, but nothing that cannot be learned easily."
"I use this all the time to create Pepakura, creating Iron Man, Commander Shepard and other armor sets to wear. This makes cutting so quick and easy. I can cut a portion of the armor out in less than an hour, while hand cutting can take 5+ hours."
"I LOVE this! The software that goes with it has a learning curve, but it isn't bad at all. If you were bright enough to turn on the computer and download the program, you can figure it out.  This machine eliminates the need for me to buy so many other uni-tasking craft tools- punches, individual borders, letter stickers."
Arrived earlier than expected. Easy to set up. Mat was too sticky to begin with. Some software issues having upgraded to designer edition.
Love my Cameo!!! So glad I did my research and chose it over the Cricut! I am amazed at how easy it is to use and overwhelmed (in a good way) with the endless possibilities available!!!!
I've had it about 2 weeks.  I find the learning curve somewhat high but I'm mastering it.  This it the first machine of this kind I've ever had but.......I LOVE IT!!!  I recommend it to everyone looking to do smaller vinyl projects or scrapbook projects!!
"Silhouette had an amazing deal on the Cameo around Black Friday. I kept my eye on this one on Amazon and got it for about $100 cheaper. It came with more items than it had mentioned in the description so that was fun. It also came with a helpful tutorial on how to use the basic parts of it. I love the thing but I have one BIG complaint that held me back from giving it 5 stars.
When you see cute things to buy on their website, you expect to get directions on how to use or make the thing but you don't. There is a lot they DON'T tell you. Of course, you can learn anything you want basically online and by watching YouTube videos but it makes me so mad that they don't teach you how to use the things or how to use the patterns they sell. Sometimes you may buy a file that tells you who created it so you can visit that persons blog but don't be hopeful that you will ever learn how exactly to create that item. I have only used this with card stock and sticker paper. Perhaps the other kits like glass etching give better instructions?"
"I own the Cricut Expressions and just got so fed up with the prices of their cartridges. I took a gamble and bought the Cameo when Amazon had it on sale for $199 at Christmas and after learning how to use it, which took a few hours, I will never look back! I have designed a lot of my own things, cut out and printed my own pictures and paid very little for the designs I could not do on my own. I would give this product more stars if possible.

The pros are that you can design your own stuff, buy only what you want, like a stocking. With Cricut, I had to buy an entire cartridge to get the one design I really wanted, which was the last straw for me. With Cameo, design it yourself, go buy just that design or if you can't find it, request someone else design it.
You can also cut out any font on your computer, make or down load a graphic and have the machine cut out around it etc. you can also take someone else's design and modify it to fit your needs. Like removing excess score lines or ""gingerbread"" if it's too ornate for your project.  LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine!

I'm just now discovering everything this thing can do."
"I love, love, LOVE it!!!  It is the greatest cutting and printing tool.  The best prices were through Amazon.  I am extremely happy with the product."
"I told my husband I should have bought this two years ago. It opened up endless options for me. Now I can customize words in my little online store. And in any size or font I need. The great thing about it is you can choose what designs you want and not be limited to a cartridge. I tend to like only a few designs anyway on those. That's why I never bought a cricut.
The extra mat and blade are great to have. I had cut a whole sheet of small designs and didn't want to peel them all off just yet, so I grabbed the additional mat to cut something else in the meantime.
Oh...the little pick me up tool is a treasure in its self!
I work with very tiny paper pieces. I was using a tweezer, but the tool allows a little more precision. It has sticky tack on one side and a blade/piercing tool on the other. You can remove that part and flip it around. There's lots of help on YouTube by the way. Also, there are many free svg designs out there. You just have to google to find what what looking for. There are many people on Pinterest that have boards pertaining to the silhouette as well.
I have not used the metallic pens yet. I wish I could have traded those for something else. The reason why I bought this on Amazon was because of the bundle though.  EBay had some bundles too, but this was the one I liked the best. I knew I'd have to spend around $269. So I searched for the place that would give me the most for my money, plus Free shipping! Yea!"
"Have used more expensive plotters, This one is perfect. Easy to use. Cuts very small details. Software anyone can use. Lots of videos for use on youtube."
"I am not unhappy with the Silhouette bundle kit itself, but I had to get your attention somehow! What I dislike is how you price your items. My wife was wanting one for Christmas and told me that they were priced at $229. A couple of days later I get on your website to purchase and it is $269. So,as unhappy as I am, but understanding that i need to get it ordered in time to get here by Christmas, I go ahead and order. A couple of days later my wife is on your site and it is back down to $229. Needless to say, I was irate! I don't need to buy from a company that operates like that!!! I have said nothing till now because I am the type that just does not do business again with someone I don't feel is trustworthy. You have continued to bug me with e-mails wanting to know how my shopping exerience was, so I felt like i needed to get it off of my chest! You don't get a second chance with me.
Sincerely,  Terry Fraker"
"Wife uses this, and loves it so much more than her Cricut (now dusty). If you have any questions, please ask, I will help."
Great and easy to use. Can't wait to do more!  Fun for all projects. Great price and accessories. Bring the fun
"I have been a Cricut user for two years now and when I heard they had a new machine coming out I got excited.  I started looking at reviews about the new machine and I saw so many people say that they would never buy another Cricut now that they have the Cameo.  I thought, hmmm, what's the Cameo?  So looked it up and oh my was I in amazement.  The things this machine does that the Cricut doesn't is wonderful.  My first Cricut was the Imagine and it was crap.  The second one was the Expression 2 and it's good enough but the cuts are not great.

I instantly had to have the Cameo.  I bought it and decided to read more reviews.  I then started to get discouraged because some people complained about things like the mat being too sticky (which I dealt with using the Cricut already) and the paper moves on them and it's not all it's cracked up to be.  I have to say I have had it for two days already and I am AMAZED at how wonderful it is.

I have already created my own shape to cut using the tools feature which is something I could never do with the Cricut.  The cuts are PRECISE!  My Cricut never cut a perfect circle or any shape for that matter but the Cameo is right on!  The first thing I cut was a really detailed cut so I could test out the precision and it did not fail on me.  It was PERFECT!

I am so excited for all of the future projects I will be able to create now that I am not limited to using specific, expensive, cartridges.

I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a cutter!

Thanks Silhouette!!!!"
"This is my first paper design tool purchase and I totally enjoy the thoroughness of artistic options at my fingertips. The computer connection along with the company's own tools line, I can do anything!"
"I purchased this unit for my wife for Christmas and she loves it, it is verry easy to use and you don't have to buy cartridges for this as you only pay for the designs that you want.

I would highly Recomend this unit."
"Have had my Cameo now for a 18 month and am thrilled I picked this make and model..It was a cinch to set up and it connected to the Silhouette design studio via my comp without a hitch. Its so easy to organise your designs. I found the cameo was able to cut through everything from delicate papers right through to chipboard (Although its best to set the settings to double cut on thicker media) It IS easy to use and I don't find it noisy or slow but of course I came across a few hic-ups but the Silhouette customer service and the Silhouette web site were a great help. The designs you can acquire are unlimited from your own drawings and designs,free designs from the web,ready made designs on cd and from the Silhouette store itself. All my projects have improved with me using the cameo and so have my sales and the cards I make for charity are the first to be sold. I intend to upurade to the Silhouette Designer addition which will allow me to make so much more.  I use a great software programme called Craft Artist by Serif (which uses Daisy Trail digi-kits) and the two complement each other exceptionally well. I can honestly say that my crafting has gone from strength to strength and as a bonus my grandchildren and their friends love to paste and make what I cut out!"
"it is not easy to use the software to design. Or maybe designing is hard to start with....

overall, good tool, the blade wears out pretty soon. Will recommend to get an extra blade with mat."
"**UPDATE : 28 JUN 2014: This unit was working well until they rolled up with so called useless new updates which intact broke the software. the measurements made by cameo is off most of the time. I am using this both on a mac and a windows 8 pc. On MAC it was mostly trouble free until now. Sometimes, It cuts way off than shown on the the preview when using the cutting mat. I have to restart and replug usb to make it cut on exactly shown in preview. mostly it starts cutting on the top blank portion of the mat.

On windows, the advanced selection tool for cutting acts crazy and gives errors. also when cutting custom options are selected. Their silhouette connect software is a joke. it never works trouble free with corel or photoshop even with genuine. Guess they replaced their programmer with an I-D-I-O-T now!! Also, you can't setup color profiles with this software if you are into using registration marks and designing and cutting. the centre rollers of the unit also scrapes ink if you try to cut sublimation prints.

This product has turned from a useful to useless now for business applications. You might like it if you are a homely mommy trying to cut only cupcake papers! hope the new programmer jack-asses would fix it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I was very frustrated at first because no matter what i do, the cameo wasn't cutting the design completely. it used to cut only a small portion. then in a youtube video i saw that the 'scissors icon' in the studio software is the key to this machine. when you press the scissors icon, you should see a red line around your design, otherwise its orientation is not right.

Next problem I had was with cutting 007 Grafix plastic paper. here the settings i chose to make stencil without cutting the original mat are -Speed 2,Thickness 32, Blade 9, cutting mat checked and double cut checked. you need to change the blade to 9 as well.

Also even if all the settings are right and the blade depth is right, i had another problem with that white cap covering the cutting blade. if it comes loose turn it back to tightness as you can with your fingers. otherwise it won't cut as well.

The studio software is not that great although useful if it worked fast. it takes up a lot of RAM and if you do something else with the computer the software hangs and cutting process is paused and slow. another problem with the erase button on the software is the lack of different cut sizes (like brush sizes in coral draw). Well, compared to other brands and their software, this machine rocks for the PRICE. You can try the silhouette software and other Ecal software on your computer even before buying the unit. the software is downloadable from their website for trying.

Update* Raising the stars due to excellent and prompt software updates."
This was such a great deal. Looked at Michaels and the machine would have been $100 more. Even their site was more expensive. Definitely recommend this starter kit!
"GOD we love this!!!! and we got it for under $200 before Christmas!

All of the Silhouette products have been top notch! We are loving our Cameo and even tho i bought it for my wife I use it more than she does!"
Works like a dream. Its so adictibe . I never used any other paper cutting device but I love this thing !
"My wife and I bought this machine for making some extra money through this difficult economic times . Specialy For Making souvenirs  and stickers for cars or window etc etc  .  My wife  cult felt with it, but the felt has to be thin and stiff,  like 1 - 1.5mm thick  to cut it good.  And On the other hand I use it to cut vinyl stickers ,  and what is good you can buy their silhouette extension plugin so you can make your own designs with illustrator or coral draw and print direct with the silhouette cutter. User friendly cutter machine .  Have Been using this machine since December and its steady, and solid working. But group every same shape to cut,  this is my tip to you. And you have to have a blade for vinyl cutting and one for fabric , and one for paper, don't mix them ,  my tip to you."
Love it!!!!  Good price and SO many things you can make with it! Cuts great and love that you don't have to buy pricey cartridges!
This is the most amazing machine.  I hardly ever use my Circut machine.  It does everything and more!  So many things.  Great for scrappers and card makers!
"Quick delivery and pretty smooth, except I brought it to my sister's house so she could try it out, and can see now that I will never be getting my Silhouette Cameo back. :(  I may order another one unless I can pry my original one out of my sister's hands.  She's having a blast with it!"
"Bought for a Christmas present for my wife.  She as previously borrowed a Cricut, but after reading the reviews (and costs) associated with it, I had went with the Sihouette.  Does everything she needs it to do and more.  More importantly, if she finds a design she wants to use, you don't have to by a cartridge, you just download it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is the manual needs to be better."
"the cameo silhouette ok

the cutting mat this horrible

very badly damaged

without glue, any court that I want to do is impossible.

I am very dissatisfied"
This was such a great deal.  I am so glad that I got it.  I had wanted one for ever and finally did it.  So worth it.  I use it for so many crafts.  love all the extras it comes with.
The only things I needed to completely start was the hook and spatula.  I was able to cut right away.
It is far beyond my expectation an the precision cuts amaze me. I do strongly advise read how to use its features it is easy and  eliminates frustration and disappointment.
Bought this for myself and two more as gifts for Christmas! A little confusing at first. But once you get started its great. I like that I can make my own images as well. Or purchase one from their site as opposed to buying a whole cartridge of images i don't need.
"This is an excellent bundle for an introduction to the Cameo, and I appreciated having the extra mat and blades, as well as the markers and the download card to add to the cut files provided. This is a great kit to get creating right away. I have used a Cricut for years and appreciate the added flexibility of using svg files on this machine, and being able to create my own designs on the Cameo -- it has already gotten a lot of use on vinyl and paper projects!"
"I had been thinking about buying a Silhouette for about a year now.  Finally broke down once I saw the bundle on Amazon.  Software is easy to use!  I had originally bought for scrapbooking, but have also used for freezer paper stenciling.  Looking forward to tons of projects with this!"
"I am so impressed with my Cameo...it is the best crafting tool EVER..I had the Cricut but couldn't afford the cartridges.
I love my Cuttlebug...And this Cameo tops all tools..
Good deal also"
Bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. She is thoroughly enjoying the ease of use of the unit with her laptop. She says the Cricut pales in comparison!  Only downside is I don't know what we will do with all those Criqut cartridges that she is no longer using.
Great for making just about anything!  I primarily use it for making t-shirts.  Does a great job of cutting heat transfer vinyl and you don't need the cutting mat to cut vinyl.
"I bought this for my wife about 1 year ago. She absolutely loves it. In my mind the best part is creating your own designs instead of relying on buying multiple cartridges. The software that comes with it is easy to use or if you have Adobe Illustrator experience, you can bring designs in from that (is says this is only possible with the upgraded software but we've been able to do it with the basic software).

Here's a few of the things she's used this machine to do:
Cut paper
Cut vinyl
Cut fabric
Make stamps
Draw with metallic ink

She's used it for:
Crafts (making various paper boxes and creations)
Quilting
Stamp making
Card making
Creating vinyl cut out for wall decor or labeling anything"
"Let's start by saying I returned this the day after I received it.

Using the software that came with it was a nightmare and figuring out how to use each component of the machine took an entire evening.  When I finally did figure out how to insert the blade and send my PNG image to the machine for cutting, it didn't cut the entire way through.  Not that it mattered because the mats that come with this machine are SOOO sticky that it ripped and curled up my cardstock as I removed it.  I totally could not sell anything I made with this (and that's the only reason I bought it).  It took longer for me to figure out the machine and cut 9 silhouettes than it did for me to hand-cut 50 of them.  To top it all off, it takes up a ton of space, more so than your average home printer, and makes a noise like a she-demon bellowing up from the depths of the Earth with her deathly shrieks.

I have no recommendations on a better machine, just don't buy this one if you aren't savvy with complicated, bulky electronics."
"I have to admit I got this for Christmas and have not had a chance to use it a whole lot.  The few things that I did create were easy and beautiful!!!  I had initially bought another brand cutting machine, but after going to their web site and seeing how expensive everything was I was less than happy...then I came across the silhouette and starting researching between the two, and how superior the silhouette was, I wen their web site and was happy with the ease of it and prices...I took back my other brand and ordered the silhouette on line through Amazon..the day I did they were actually having a sale on it...bonus for me!!!  There are so many things that this little machine can do!!!  I am very happy with my purchase!!!"
I am very happy with all of the abilities of this machine. I am making invitations for my sister-in-law's wedding and it does a fantastic job.
"If you're debating between a cricut machine or silhouette cameo, stop debating and go with the Cameo! I had a cricut but hated that I was limited to what I could cut, and what I could cut out. With my Cameo I can design whatever I want on my computer for free and cut it out! Or pay $0.99 for an image. I no longer have to pay $25 plus dollars for cartridges that I don't even get full use out of. Plus the cameo is capable of cutting fabric, fondant, and all types of paper, vinyl, etc! The Cameo is definitely worth the difference in price between the two, the cameo wins in my opinion, hands down. You can't find a better price anywhere for this cameo starter kit."
Silhouette Cameo is simply amazing i can do everything with it. i bught the creative license to make my own prints
I love this thing! There are so many ways that you can use it. The hard part is deciding what to make.
"I love this machine.  You can make greeting cards, embellishments for the cards, gift boxes, ornaments and using sketch pens write greetings on the them.  Using the cutting blades you can cut paper of various weights, vinyl, fabric, and probably things I haven't discovered yet. You can create and use your own designs to create cards and other items. You can download from Silhouette library designs for as little as 50 cents rather than use cartridges. I gave it four stars only because it does not emboss the paper and you have to connect your computer.  I feel that in the future this device will evolve into a wireless device which would really make it awesome.  I'm still learning the ends and outs of this device because it has a well written manual."
Perfect Christmas present for my wife. She absolutely loves it. Tons of designs on line to create personalized crafts for every occasion.
So I got this machine cuz I saw on youtube someone cutting stencils with it so I got one to make stencils for my art work that I do with cups when I have to make X amount of the same cup omg I freakin love this thing I growl and bark at anyone that might knock over my cameo! hehe but it really is a great machine it makes my job so much easier and I got it after a few days though the few days did feel like years cuz I really wanted to use it hehe but I love it and thank you for your great service and item =)
"I was so super excited to get this.  I did one project with no problem.  The next project?  all of a sudden the paper will not load correctly to cut.  No matter what I do there is nothing to fix this.  Customer support from Silhouette is terrible... to basically nothing.  You pay top dollar and they can't even give you an owners manual?  There are no listing for error codes...a few videos on YouTube that do not cover my problems with this.  At this point, I think it is best to return it...and stick with my Cricut...stay away from this POS....nothing but trouble"
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter.  It arrive on time and was exactly what I ordered and at a good price.  I love Amazon.
This Silhouette is more versatile and by far better quality than the Cricut. I love the fact you do not need a mat to cut vinyl nor a cartridge to cut svg files. Great Product! Very pleased with all that it can do.
"We use it for so much more than we thought we would.  Being able to hop over to Google images and grab ANYTHING you want and turn it into Scrapbook cutouts, vinyl stickers, T-SHIRT transfers!  We have used it more than I ever expected, and it's performed valiantly.  So much better than the Cricut!"
"I love it.  This is a wonderful machine.  I have cuts vinyl, paper and chip board so far. I have also used the sketch pens.  I made some of the best Christmas gifts ever.

This bundle, bought right after Thanksgiving, was a bargain."
"overstock sale price plus coupon for 10% off new customer, also can get the janome artistic upgrade for 36$ and free shipping to boot!"
"This was a gift for my daughter who is a teacher and enjoys ""arts and crafts""  so much.  She is always calling and telling me about something else she has had.  So many possibilities and she has been able to figure out with the instruction CD.  Happy, happy, happy!"
"This is one of the best additions to my art studio I've ever purchased.  It has opened so many avenues for my mixed media art. And created new ones with 3d projects.  It was a Christmas present to myself so I haven't done that many projects yet but I am thrilled with the things I have made, stencils, 3d houses & trees cut outs for cards. It is plug in and create a real no brainier."
"So fun to use- just have to get used to the software, but I've found it is pretty intuitive.
My Starter kit bundle came with all that was listed by Amazon- 2 cutting mats, 2 blades, a set of metallic sketch pens, the Pick up tool  and the $10 Silhouette store card (as well as the pwr. cord, USB cable and instructional DVD/CD.)
Very happy to have this! :D"
"Okay, so this cutter makes a lot of noise, and if you are cutting a complicated image, the cutting part can take a long time.  But, the results are stellar.

The software is fairly easy to figure out, and I ended up upgrading to the design version so that I could convert and add my own pictures (save them as .svg through Adobe Illustrator and then import them into the library).

If you are new to the cameo, read all the instructions carefully.  Also, I guess this is silly, but I didn't realize that all paper must be sent through on the cutting mat : )"
"After testing out this awesome little desktop plotter machine, I noticed the included blade was a much lower quality then the replacement blade it came with. After some disappointing first few cuts and reading some commonly known issues about the cameo, apparently the included blade isn't as sharp or as well manufactured as the replacement blades.

Also, unless you use a t-shirt to make your cutting board less tacky, be prepared to hate it at first. It took me a dozen or so sheets of paper, and said paper sticking to the cutting board, for me to realize the adhesive they used is better suited to re-gluing ceramic tiles onto the space shuttle. After the t-shirt trick, my board was noticeably better.

Over all, for the cost and capabilities, it really is a good buy for serious craft'ers. I haven't tried other mini plotters, but just the concept of being able to do this at home in very little space is very cool."
"Recieved my Cameo sooner than I expected. Love the product, only problem is the part where you can change the size of the mat you use is hard to move, I couldn't budge mine but Silhouete America contacted me back right away and explained how to do it again. I still haven't gotten it to work but I've been using the 12X12 mat so it doesn't matter.
This machine does more than I know how to use yet but there are a lot of great tutorials out there."
I just received the machine yesterday and I felt in love with it. This machine is great I just watched YouTube tutorials and I did the first cut perfectly. I am a designer and I have experience in Photoshop. If you know how to use such software the silhouette cameo will be a piece of cake. I really love it. Regarding the cutting mat I which it was cheaper and same goes for the blade. I highly recommend it. Regarding the images you can import jpegs or pngs and trace it and it will work no need to buy everytime a new shape. I saw this on YouTube and it worked.
"This is my new favorite machine.  It's inspired me to create all kinds of crafts, from vinyl stick-on words and phrases to classically-shaped adhesive chalkboards to fabric appliques.  Everything has turned out great, and the designs available on the Silhouette website are nearly endless."
Used to own a cricut sold it to purchase my cameo!!  Couldn't be happier with my decision!!  I love the cameo and the possibilities are endless!!
"I considered other die cut machines when I bought this but Silhouette won out because of the versatility.  I don't do a ton of paper crafting so I love that I can also use it to cut vinyl, fabric, sketch designs, etc.  Living in a condo space is at a premium so the fact that this can do multiple things not only justified the price, but the workspace as well.

So far the experience has more than lived up to my expectations.  Set up was easy.  All I had to do was insert the CD into my laptop drive to install the Silhouette Studio and plug the Silhouette into the computer and in a few minutes I was ready to go.  This bundle also comes with a card for free downloads for their online store.  So in addition to the free 51 designs that came with this Cameo I also quickly had even more. I also appreciate that you don't have to buy expensive cartridges to get a single design and that most of the designs are just 99 cents (or even less if you catch them during a special sale).  They also regularly make free designs available for download as well.  So far I've been really pleased with the quality of the designs available on their site.  Not only have I found what I wanted but it has inspired me to pick other shapes and products I might not have thought of.  It makes it easy to pick and choose projects.  And although you will also likely buy other accessories for this, as I have, I found the prices of those kits to be pretty affordable especially for what you get.

I also found using the machine to be easy.  I expected a bit of a learning curve, but found that after watching a few tutorials online I was good to go and cutting things perfectly (and with few mistakes) right out of the gate.  I was able to easily find the settings I needed for the materials I had, even though they were standard cardstock and crafting paper and not Silhouette brand, and quickly cut them out using designs from the online Silhouette store.  I am VERY detail oriented and I loved how cleanly the Silhouette cut, even on thin material like paperback book pages.  I will also say that you shouldn't let the initial stickiness of the cutting mat deter you.  It was quite sticky on my first cut, but became less so with subsequent uses.

Overall I've been thrilled, for a newbie to die cut machines this has been approachable and versatile enough to justify the price and space.  Even if you buy this as your first cutting machine it is so intuitive and easy to use.  I don't know if I could love it more!"
Love everything about this. I use with MTC and had a cricut Expression b4. The cameo let's me create more freely!
"I buy from amazon very often for work but i rarely get to shop for personal reasons.  I bought this as a gift and My wife absolutely loved it and the items with it. Knowing what i know now i wish i would have set her up with more of a vinyl starter kit instead of the ink and spare mat options, but over all still 100% satisfied we have worked on projects every since she opened it Christmas Day."
I love this machine but it did not come with the 2 cutters or 2 mats as promised.  If I return it I will have to pay for shipping.  Disappointed.
This product worked straight out of the box and look as if it is going to be a wonderful addition to the studio.
"No doubt!!  The best cutting machine!!  And the best price!!  Works perfect
For all if my crafts!! Including jewelry designs!!"
Arrived exactly when promised- Christmas Eve! My wife has been non stop making things and has loved loved loved it!
"I have a commercial grade cutter that I use on  daily basis for signs and apparel. Well, it was not doing a very good job for the small jobs I was hoping to do (I.e. Ornaments). The silhouette was just what I needed for those jobs! And thanks to amazon, I got it super fast and in great condition. I highly recommend this to anyone"
"I was super excited to get this machine. I had been watching tutorials for a couple weeks, and was so excited to start. So when mine came I set it up and got to it. Could not have been more disappointed... I got the Silhouette bundle that came with the vinyl samples, because I mainly got this machine to do vinyl cut outs and for my own stencils for glass etching. My very first cut out was terrible. It was a phrase that I had bought on the Cameo store. It was by no means small, and still the letters came out terrible. The vinyl was getting stuck to the blade, it pulled off some letters completely And every single corner of every single letter or picture got bent up as it was printing, so when it came out it was a complete mess. I tried trouble shooting and called customer service, still could not get it to print anything right. It will be going back. The setup was easy and purchasing designs is easy, just wish it printed the way I thought it was going to... bummer."
I actually purchased this machine for my son and grandsons after they were home for Thanksgiving and we used my Silhouette for a school project. This is one of the best cutting machines that you can have. If you purchase the Designer Edition of the software then you have endless capabilities.
"Wouldn't want to live without this little machine!  Can't even tell you how much I enjoy it!  I actually own 2 now.  Was worried if something happened to my first one that I wouldn't be able to craft, so I purchased a back up!!  There is rarely a day I don't use my Silhouette!"
As a novice I had no problem getting set up and started. I do plan on taking some online classes to take most advantage of the Cameo but am impressed by all the positive comments I have read.
"I just got this machine so reviews on quality yet (I will update for that later). However, I just ordered this last night and it was on my door step by the time I got home. Shipping department for this company is on top of things!"
"Wow, wow, wow, is all I can say about this system. If you're at all familiar with design software, you'll feel like you already know how to use the Silhouette Cameo. And if this type of work is new to you, the software is very intuitive. If you need a particular graphic, you just need to purchase it at the Silhouette store for a mimimal charge (after a VERY easy search). To think of all of the $$ I've put into purchasing my Cricut, let alone the cartridges (most of which I've only used a few images off of). No more awkward, time-consuming searches through Cricut cartridges, trying to find something that might work, then guessing if the size that you're cutting is what you want. (Is it the vertical measurement or the horizontal? Hard to tell since it can go either way depending on the image.) I've used this machine for less than a week, but I'm already extremely satisfied with this purchase. I'm sure that I haven't even scratched the surface of what I can do with the Silhouette Cameo."
"I wanted one of these for ages and finally caved so I could accent my Christmas crafting and scrapbooking with digital die cuts. This machine is SO easy to use, as is the software interface (which I am running on a Mac). I was up and running in a half hour. Cuts all kinds of materials. The little extras in this bundle kept me from having to buy a bunch of stuff before I could get started. Besides die cuts and such, the Sihouette store offers all kinds of things to cut out, from cards, to boxes and bags to other 3D objects. Highly recommended. I'm so glad I bought this!"
I got this for Christmas from my loving husband this year and it's hands down 100% better than what I was getting from the Cricut.  I love the fact that it cuts so detailed and the software that comes with it is so easy to use.  Tons of FREE svg files that you can get online from the amazing community of users. I am so excited to have this wonderful new Cameo.
"I upgraded to the Cameo from the Silhouette SD machine.  Love it.  I did not use the vinyl starting kit that came with this, as I already had my own vinyl that I prefer, but I did give it to a new silhouette owner and she appreciated the kit."
"Bought this for my wife, who is an amateur crafter.  It was easy to set up and has been easy to use.  She loves it and would highly recommend it."
The silhouette cameo starter kit was perfect it came in early I could not be happier with the product.  It was also a great price.
My daughter is a senior in college and will be going on to teach elementary education. She loves what this can do and looks forward to using it in her classroom.
"Absolutely love my new cameo- the order came quickly and with lots of extras!! Great value!!  I've always owned a Cricut and still do, but I love how you can buy whatever image you want."
Works great  wife loves it . You need to buy a few things to use after purchase but great product . Fast shipment amazon is greAt
"Previously owned another similar machine and was disenchanted with the cut quality. Watched lots of YouTube videos which helped tremendously to get started quickly using this machine and understanding what its capabilities are. So happy with this purchase. Absolutely NO mistakes or bad cuts so far, and I've cut some very delicate designs!"
"Hi, I recently bought the package but I didn't get the Extra Mat, Extra Cutting Blade neither the metallic pen set and the pick me up tool. So where can I claim these items because they did not come in the box I got?"
"<div id=""video-block-R2BU2WAX0QRR1G"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A15jGiJONQS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NuhfDkGcS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I definitely will recommend this product. I own a cricut machine, and there is no comparison. Forget about buying cartridges. Works great with Illustrator, Photoshop and Sure Cuts a Lot.
I'm glad that I went for the Cameo model instead of the Portrait, so versatile. I have cut all kind of materials. Paper, plastic, vinyl and it cuts clear perfect cuts all the time, even the tiniest designs.
I have used almost every day since I got it. I don't mind the USB connection. But hope one day they make the wireless."
"I cant give a good review because my machine will not power on. they said it has a defective power cord and are supposed to send me a new one, we will see....got it for Christmas, still cant use it :("
It works great a little loud but one of my best investments I would recommend this product to a friend
"I don't fully understand this, but it does everything it says it's supposed to.  I bought this for my girlfriend.  She has made Christmas package tags, vinyl window clings, various cut outs using birch, and other interesting things.  It is very I easy to operate and quickens any craft related process."
Would highly recommend this unit over the Cricuts. Wife put it to use right away and is as advertised. Great machine.
"I purchased the Silhouette Cameo for a very specific purpose, to create stencils that I could use to make it easier to outline complex pictures onto pallet board before painting. I have been designing my images in Photoshop, printing them in multiple pieces, then re-attaching them and tracing them onto the board using graphite paper. The images are pretty big, usually at least 2 foot square, so a standard printer cannot print a single page that large.

I wanted to use my own images, that were ready and in either silhouette or outline form. When I use the enclosed Silhouette Studio to copy my outline, or create an outline for a silhouette, the results are terrible.  The lines become too thin or are ignored. So I tried purchasing some of the images from the Silhouette site.  Again, the images, when cut, ignored some of the required cuts, or cut off parts of the image.

Next, when actually using the machine to do the cutting, in spite of doing a lot of research to cut Graphix .007 plastic, none of the recommended settings worked.  I finally chose the setting included in the software for adhesive vinyl using a double-cut, then restart the cut again, making it cut four times to get through the page.  Even then there are usually some parts that are not completely cut through.  The manual is lacking in detail to help me understand exactly how each of the settings work, i.e. what's more effective in making a deeper cut, although don't think it would improve my experience.

I've cut about 22 different stencils, and out of these I've gotten one that works fairly well, another I will try, and the remaining stencils are not useable due to the poor quality or because they didn't cut through the page.

I really wish I could return it but the gift card for use in the Silhouette store is missing.  I don't know if I've lost it or it wasn't included in the box. It was a very expensive mistake."
This was a great value bundle. I am still amazed at all of the things that the Cameo can do.
"I really recommended, I have the silhouette SD and I love it but I allways wants the cameo for bigger projects and it's easy to use like the old one but the cameo works better no too much noise so I love it!"
"I am so excited to have this machine and have done some really cool things with it: made beautiful flower pinwheels, 3-D Christmas ornaments, personalized stickers, to name a few.  I have saved myself dozens of hours that it would have taken me to hand cut these items.  And I haven't even scratched the surface of what can be done with this thing!

I gave it 4 stars because there were instances where I had trouble and the manual was not helpful.  Specifically with the print and cut feature, I would follow the directions to the T and it just wouldn't turn out right.  It would print the image, but then the machine would make the cuts offset by up to 1/2 inch.  Sometimes it would work right and sometimes it wouldn't; sometimes the software would crash- I couldn't figure out why.

Cost me lots of paper...but I am a total beginner, so I was not surprised that everything didn't come out perfect.  I just wish there had been more help from the manual. Also, I dealt with Customer Service in the beginning to order a replacement part and it required a LOT of follow up.

So the verdict is - this product is great as long as everything goes smoothly.  If you hit any snags, it is not easy to get them resolved."
"I got my cameo for christmas this year, I have just started playing with it but so far I love it!!!!"
My wife has wanted one of these for a long time and now has one and really enjoys it.  It works great and the kit comes with everything needed to work and cut anything.
"Love this little machine.  Got it for black friday, great deal.  I have been using this for a year now and still completely happy with it!

-Jen"
"I'm having a blast with this gift I bought myself.  So far, I've cut vinyl with it and made a hand painted sign and I cut plastic with it to make a stencil and it worked really well. I LOVE that I can download individual designs on their website! Can't wait to make more stuff!"
In love with this machine. You can do so much with the program. I love that I can download fonts and images to it. I loved it so much I bought two of them!
"This machine is awesome!!! It does so much more than just cut out shapes and words. It prints, cuts and the projects are endless!!"
"In love with my silhouette. Great machine. Using to embellish my scrap layouts, party stuff and more. Hope to enjoy a lot"
"Have not tried to product yet; however,  the package is missing a blade.  I just want another blade to be sent without having to return the entire kit.  I can't seem to find a spot  on the amazon site where I can request this."
"Love using the Silhouette Cameo.  I have been paying $1.00 for every word I had a craft store print out for me.  This machine does everything I was looking for. Set up is easy,  Still learning and trying new projects every day.  Would recommend this product to people who craft."
Machine works well does what it's told.  However the cutting mat is far too sticky it will collect up any dust scraps ect. Keeping it Clean can be a challenge. Also the mat is way to thin to be considered a mat. Have to really play around with the cut settings it will cut right through your materials and the mat! Lastly this item did not come with the 10$ gift card to silhouette website as exspected. Need to mention that to the seller.
"I have had the Silhouette SD for a while now, and I am sold on all things Silhouette. I loved the SD and wanted to upgrade, but could not justify spending the $300 plus to upgrade to the Cameo.  Well, thanks to an AWESOME bundle deal by amazon, I upgraded and got some added bonus to go with my machine. AND...thanks to my Amazon Discover card rewards I was able to apply $90 towards the purchase price which makes the deal that much sweeter!!  OH, and I got it in 2 days with FREE shipping...thanks Amazon Prime!"
"So fa, I am very happy with the Silhouette Cameo! The cutting is amazing and so detailed. It's very easy to transport images onto the Cameo to my library, I have thousands of images to choose from  and the Cameo is so light and easy to transport. All I have done so far is build my library, cut out a few images, and learning how to transport my digi images into my library.  This machine is soooo amazing and so glad I finally bought one. I only know one person with the Cameo and will be getting with her to learn how to do other things from her.  The best machine ever!"
"The Cameo has been an enormous amount of fun for me and the things I have made come out amazing.  The designs are cheap and I love being about to make or borrow from the web for additional options.  This is very easy to use and the stronger your computer skills the easier the program is to work.  The first few weeks I struggled thought the program but it was a fairly easy program to learn.  I hardly needed to search the help funtion.  I upgrated to the designer software and that has made it even easier.

I have gone though 4 mats and 7 blades.  Amaon sells these cheaper than I could find any where else.  The options of the ways to use this machine appear to be endless."
Order arrived very quick and as expected.  Bundle came with design software.  Silhouette online stores includes endless designs that can be downloaded for mostly less than a dollar.  I also imported bitmaps I had purchased using digital scrapbook software and with very little work the images cut perfectly.  You can also draw; the pens work good and I have read about a conversion kit so that you can use any pen.  Cuts very good and I have cut very intricate letters.  Settings allow you to use any media.  Device seems to be well designed and has a high quality feel.  Highly recommend.
I absolutely love my new cameo. Now I do not even need to go to the scrapbook stores except for paper. I can make anything I want to for my scrapbooks right in my own home.
"This machine is amazing. I have the cricut and altho i will keep it as well as the SIL, the SIL allowa you to do so much more, including making your own designs!!!!"
"Had a couple little issues with the mat being too sticky, and the blade accumulating pieces of vinyl and affecting cutting.....but overall I love it~!"
Purchased this for my wife and she loves it.  She's been making all sorts of things with it out of mostly paper and vinyl.  Fairly easy to setup and it's been working great.
Worth every penny.  I own a cricut but got tired of buying cartridges...no more cartridges for me with the silhouette cameo!
I had the ORIGINAL silhouette and have been wanting this newer model. It works great! The fact that it's machine feed does help with getting more consistent cuts in the place you want it to be! And the fact I can make larger cuts is also a bonus! Loved my original but love this one even more!
It cuts like a dream... Planning on more add-ons for my Cameo... Love all it can do so buy it..
"A bit of a learning curve as there is with anything new that you try, but with the volume of tutorial videos from crafters make it go much quicker. There isn't anything it can't do! My only complaint isn't about the machine but the shipping. Smartpost from FedEx is among the worst shipping ever! I believe it was shipped from the south, then went to the north of me and then back south again and then back north to me after sitting in a post office for almost a week."
"Amazing cutting machine, and fairly easy to learn. I bought this machine to start a small business and it's off to a great start! This machine cuts vinyl, cardstock, chipboard, and so much more! You can make just about anything you can think of!"
HAVEN'T USED IT MUCH BUT IT WORKS GREAT I GOT IT TO CUT FABRIC AND I WASN'T DISAPPOINTED - TRY IT
Great machine. Have one myself. Gave one as a gift. Highly recommend to anyone. Easy to use. Fun to use!
I received this for Christmas. It was an amazon Daily Deal saved over 100.00 from buying it from a sewing store locally. I have been making fabric applique today it takes a little playing with but I have all my pieces made to finish my wall hanging. I also have used the vinyl and it works great also. Love it and look forward to using it a lot.
"The product reviews regarding this product are vast and in depth.  I recommend both reviewing them on Amazon as well as the web.  The area where I was most impressed with this product was the quality in packaging and gift wrapping.  I had these sent to my parents house which is out of state and where we would be spending the holidays.  In order to be discreet, I selected gift wrapping and that the product option of ""this is a gift.""  Upon arrival, the product boxes had been put into an additional box which had zero markings of the contents, and this box was then put into a large dark blue with honey yellow ribbon bag.  The bag was well made, with a felt like feel to the touch.  They were individually wrapped like this, and then put into yet another box for shipping with the proper amount of bubble wrap and paper padding.  The entire experience of shipping something unknown in fear of there being a massive CAMEO KIT on the side of the box took some faith, and I was greatly rewarded.  I would gladly recommend this product to others, and I would also recommend the gift wrapping without question. The shipping was what I've come to expect with amazon prime and arrived next day as promised. Thanks again amazon for a holidays gift well delivered."
"I am so blessed that my husband purchased this amazing machine for me for Christmas.  I have been wanting this for months now after watching my best friend make so many amazing items and gifts using the Silhouette Machine,  you do not have to buy all the cartridges as you do with other machines.  best purchase ever."
"This is my second Silhouette - I upgraded from Silhouette SD that could cut only letter size paper. I like the option to use larger paper. Same great machine, better blade than my first Silhouette."
"The Silhouette Cameo is worth every penny. I watched a few tutorials before my machine came, which helped immensely. But right out of the box I was able to create and cut vinyl wall decorations for gifts and create intricately cut greeting cards. By far this is the most fun tool in my craft workshop. I have so many ideas for how I want to use this. And Silhouette America is a great company. They offer free images every week and gave me extra credit for images when my machine was delayed in shipping (I bought directly from the company). I purchased a kit that contained all the accessory tools, which may seem superfluous - but I've used them already and am glad I have them. If you're planning to cut vinyl, it's a good idea to either purchase this starter kit or buy vinyl separately at the same time."
"Oddly, I'm not really what you would call a crafty person.  I became interested in the silhouette when looking for vinyl letters to do a little bit of DIY decorating.  Several hours of research later, I decided that the silhouette was the way to go.  I couldn't be more pleased.  So far I have used it for home decorating, vinyl stencil creation, glass etching, teacher gifts, homemade cards, and more.  I just love the fact that I can whip up a simple card at a moment's notice when I realize that I have forgotten someone's birthday (yet again).

I found the tool bundle really helpful, particularly at the beginning when the cutting mat is at its stickiest.  The hook is nice for weeding out unwanted vinyl or cardstock pieces and the scraper helps with transferring vinyl.  I'd recommend also picking up an extra blade or two just to have on hand.

This was definitely a great purchase.  There is literally not a week that goes by that I don't use my silhouette.  I seem so much more thoughtful now that people are actually receiving cards for major occasions instead of apologies about how I didn't get a chance to get to the store.  There's a bit of a learning curve for the design software, but there are plenty of tutorials and projects out there, particularly on the Silhouette blog.  Don't be intimidated!  It's totally worth the effort!"
"I bought the Cameo and wasn't sure exactly what all it was capable of. Let me just say, I am beyond pleased with this purchase. It cuts paper, fabric, vinyl and more! You can sketch with pens, make your own designs, customize anything you would like. I have had it for less then 48 hrs and have already created 5 projects! Super easy to use and the software is very user friendly."
"the box did not include the metallic pen set as indicated as being part of the bundle; only the cords, blades, cutting mats and whatever else comes with the bundle. Amazon owes me a set of metallic pens!"
I am so thrilled with this cutter. I used it to make lots of Christmas presents this year. It works great and there are some fantastic you tube videos to watch for learning to use the machine. It is easy to use and lots of things to go with it to make your hobbies more fun.
I mostly use this to make fun novelty shirts. Its quick and easy. I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys being creative.
My sister & cousin own the other brand of cutter and they love theirs but I didn't want to have to buy cartridges and enjoy designing on the computer so I went with the Silhouette and couldn't be happier so far!  Used it to put names on a few Christmas gifts and although I was intimidated at first it was much easier than I thought to learn & use.  I was told having a cutter would change my life and I can't wait to see if it really does.  I do machine embroidery on items to sell and love that hobby but needed something else so maybe I can add more items to my inventory!  SO EXCITED!!!
"The device itself is pretty alright.  I wouldn't say that it is quiet because it certainly is not, and while the blade does cut cleanly do be careful with tight corners on designs--the blade, when turning, can accidentally destroy delicate corners on thinner paper.

As a Mac user, this was a snap to set up: take off the paint, remove the foam, install the cutting blade and drag the software from the disk to my Applications folder.  Once the software had set itself up it was ready to go, but I was surprised by how basic it is.  Everything I'd ever heard about the Cameo suggested that you could make your own designs so I was expecting something far more robust and was very disappointed when I learnt that I couldn't immediately import .svg or .ai files.  To do that I have to upgrade to the ""Designer"" edition for $50 and guess what?  That $10 gift card only works for the image downloads, so all of that cash has to come out of your pocket.

Or worse, out of the pocket of the person you give this to as a gift."
This was a gift to my daughter for Christmas she is in heaven with the gift. It does all the things she needs to inspire her artistic spirit.
I love this machine! It's perfect! The only problem I had was my blade breaking in the first two days so I had to order a new one. It shipped super fast!
This was an early birthday present from my husband. It is awesome! You can make so much stuff with this thing! I definitely use it at least twice a week!
"Am very happy with my new Cameo. I've used it so much already this month, I've had to replace the cutting blade.  Made more projects than I can count. And looking forward to many more."
"I really really wanted to love this machine. I produce public, private and corporate puzzle hunts, and with a machine like this I thought I could do some really beautiful, intricate puzzles with lots of unusual shapes.

Unfortunately I am returning the machine.

It is very buggy and it takes FOREVER to cut even a single sheet of paper.

I just recently produced a game for 70 people where I had two clues that needed to be cut out. One had three concentric circles, pinned together like rotating wheels.  The other had 56 triangles and pentagons.

I ended up cutting all of them by hand.  If I had been using the Silhouette I'd still be trying to produce the materials.

So, the good news is that it's pretty easy to get up to speed and using the machine.

All the rest of the news is bad.

The machine I got - and maybe it's defective (I'm returning it) - simply had a horribly difficult time recognizing the registration marks.  I'd print out a sheet, put it on the mat with the reg mark in the upper left of the grid, even manually align the cutting blade - then tell it to recognize the registration marks and half the time it would simply fail to do so.  Part of the time it would say it recognized them then it would cut in the wrong place.  And yes, I know not to modify the file in any way after printing.

When it did recognize the marks properly and did cut in the right place, it was not precise enough.  If I'm cutting a circle with a border around it I'll get a circle of the right size, but the border will be slightly off - maybe a bit outside the circle on one side, and the border slightly smaller on the other side.

So, I would have to go through an extra step - set the cut line for each shape individually, then shrink the cut line to 98% and recenter it with the original object.  Very time consuming.

Then, it's just VERY slow to cut even one sheet.  Print it out, put it on the mat, load the mat, tell it to recognize the registraton marks, and wait while it goes back and forth, hoping against hope that it will actually recognize them - and then telling it to cut and hoping against hope that it will actually cut in the right places.  Then unload the mat, peel off the pieces, and put a new piece on.

It's possible that the machine I got was just buggy.  I may order another one but for now, it's return, not replace."
"I really like the freedom that the Cameo gives in creating shapes. It is a good machine all in all. However the reason that I am giving it a three, is that it was slightly off center every time I used it. Some times it would be 2mm off to the right, next time it would be 1mm of to the left. This a great machine for cutting blank pages, but if you need it to follow a line because you've made an image that needs to be cut out on the outer contour, this machine might not be the greatest decision."
Purchased the silhouette because of its capability to download from the internet. Been watching a lot of Utube as there is a lot to learn. Wish there was an instruction video that came with the machine that explained a lot of the info that I had to search for on Utube.  Been totally captured by what you can do. Been scrapbooking for starters but you can do so much more.
"It works maybe half the time. For every one thing it does right, it does 5 things wrong. Wrecks the cheap mats consistently and wastes paper, some of it expensive. I am so disappointed in this machine. I would not recommend to anyone. Don't waste your money"
"We absolutely love this machine, and the one substantive complaint we have is that it's almost too easy to come up with things you want to try.  Sure, there are little quirks: it's a little loud during operation, we haven't found branded materials for it locally (but they're plentiful online, and there's a bit of a learning curve.  But these are minor, and pale in comparison to the wide open free opportunities for creativity this cutter provides.  I know why this says it's ""for scrapbooking"", but the truth is that it's really just for expression.

Whether you're cutting fabric, card stock, paper, or adhesives (we have yet to do vinyl, but look forward to trying) it's relatively quick, and highly precise and efficient.  The adjustable blade makes clean work of a variety of materials, in a variety of thicknesses, and the limits within are your own.

I have a tendency (my wife calls it a ""quirk"", and says so with just the touch of a scowl) to jump in headfirst and just sort of learn through trial and error.  With a bit of humility I suggest to others that you take advantage of the included documentation and tutorials -- *however* it IS intuitive enough that you can, as I did, jump right in and start creating.  So no matter your own degree quirkiness, the Silhouette is inviting and largely forgiving."
When it works it works great. My wife has made great cards with this machine. It was has to get set up but after it was great how it works. The settings are a little tricky other wise they would get 5 stars. The people who complain on here have to play with the settings a bit more
"I absolutely LOVE this machine!  I have all of the Cricut machines, and I've always enjoyed them, so I wasn't really in the market for another cutting machine, but I thought I'd give the Silhouette a try.  I am so glad I did!  Since the day I got it, I haven't used my Cricuts at all.  The Silhouette cameo is very lightweight, much easier to store and set up.  I really loved my Cricut Imagine, but it is HUGE and heavy and takes up a ton of room.  Also, I've been disappointed in Provocraft not making any more cartridges for the Imagine, after marketing it and getting customers to buy it, they abandoned the machine and left customers unable to buy anything new for it, very disappointing, and in my opinion, bad customer care.  The Silhouette is so much more user friendly.  You just connect it to your PC or laptop, and you're off and running.  There are no cartridges to buy, all of the designs are in the online Silhouette store, you can buy as many or as few as you like.  All of the designs are very affordable, most only 99 cents, and there are frequent sales where even that low price is reduced.  There are new designs every day, and plenty to satisfy different styles and tastes.  There are simple shapes and much more intricate designs available and the Silhouette Cameo cuts them perfectly.  I find this machine to be far better at cutting very small and detailed shapes than the Cricut machines.  Loading the mat is easier, all of the settings are applied automatically once you choose which material you are working with.  The mat's stickiness seems to last a very long while, too, which is excellent.  The blade is so easy to change, too.

You can do basically everything with this machine!  One of my favorite features is the print and cut ability.  You can print anything you can think of, and the machine will cut it out for you.  You are not limited to the designs that Silhouettte offers, you can use any svg cutting files from any online store, and there are so many nice things to choose from.  You can also cut any image that you can save to your computer, so you can do lots of nice personal projects, virtually for free.  Silhouette offers may materials to work with, which makes this machine so versatile.  There is magnet paper, which you can print on and after making several magnets, I am very impressed with the quality of the finished projects.  The magnets are very nice and suitable for gift giving.  The quality is excellent.  You can cut vinyl designs as well, which can be applied to just about anything.  Wall art is fast and simple and the results are professional and beautiful.  You can cut stencils, contact paper, whatever you can think of.  I have recently tried the glass etching to make Christmas gifts and I am so happy with the way everything turned out.  I bought glasses at a dollar store and made very nice, easy, and personal etched gifts for family members for pennies.  With the Cameo, you can swap your blade for sketch pens and draw designs simply and with great results.  I was very impressed with this feature, and have made loads of cute things with it.

Having used the Cricut Imagine, Expression, Mini, Expression 2, I have to say that if I could only keep ONE machine, I'd definitely keep the Silhouette Cameo.  It is far more straight forward and simple to use.  There are no books with small print, cartridges, or complicated directions.  3-D projects are easy to put together, unlike many of the Cricut projects that take an engineer to figure out assembly with little guidance and help from the books that are provided.  The results are great, and the possibilities for creativity are virtually endless.  I can't recommend this machine enough.  I use it almost every day and have made so many beautiful things. You can begin using it right out of the box!  Easy peasy.  I am a very happy customer and I honestly love this machine.  So glad I got it.

This bundle comes with a double sided Adhesive Starter Kit, tools, glitter, flocking powder and free designs, very fun!"
"I absolutely LOVE this machine!  I have all of the Cricut machines, and I've always enjoyed them, so I wasn't really in the market for another cutting machine, but I thought I'd give the Silhouette a try.  I am so glad I did!  Since the day I got it, I haven't used my Cricuts at all.  The Silhouette cameo is very lightweight, much easier to store and set up.  I really loved my Cricut Imagine, but it is HUGE and heavy and takes up a ton of room.  Also, I've been disappointed in Provocraft not making any more cartridges for the Imagine, after marketing it and getting customers to buy it, they abandoned the machine and left customers unable to buy anything new for it, very disappointing, and in my opinion, bad customer care.  The Silhouette is so much more user friendly.  You just connect it to your PC or laptop, and you're off and running.  There are no cartridges to buy, all of the designs are in the online Silhouette store, you can buy as many or as few as you like.  All of the designs are very affordable, most only 99 cents, and there are frequent sales where even that low price is reduced.  There are new designs every day, and plenty to satisfy different styles and tastes.  There are simple shapes and much more intricate designs available and the Silhouette Cameo cuts them perfectly.  I find this machine to be far better at cutting very small and detailed shapes than the Cricut machines.  Loading the mat is easier, all of the settings are applied automatically once you choose which material you are working with.  The mat's stickiness seems to last a very long while, too, which is excellent.  The blade is so easy to change, too.

You can do basically everything with this machine!  One of my favorite features is the print and cut ability.  You can print anything you can think of, and the machine will cut it out for you.  You are not limited to the designs that Silhouettte offers, you can use any svg cutting files from any online store, and there are so many nice things to choose from.  You can also cut any image that you can save to your computer, so you can do lots of nice personal projects, virtually for free.  Silhouette offers may materials to work with, which makes this machine so versatile.  There is magnet paper, which you can print on and after making several magnets, I am very impressed with the quality of the finished projects.  The magnets are very nice and suitable for gift giving.  The quality is excellent.  You can cut vinyl designs as well, which can be applied to just about anything.  Wall art is fast and simple and the results are professional and beautiful.  You can cut stencils, contact paper, whatever you can think of.  I have recently tried the glass etching to make Christmas gifts and I am so happy with the way everything turned out.  I bought glasses at a dollar store and made very nice, easy, and personal etched gifts for family members for pennies.  With the Cameo, you can swap your blade for sketch pens and draw designs simply and with great results.  I was very impressed with this feature, and have made loads of cute things with it.

Having used the Cricut Imagine, Expression, Mini, Expression 2, I have to say that if I could only keep ONE machine, I'd definitely keep the Silhouette Cameo.  It is far more straight forward and simple to use.  There are no books with small print, cartridges, or complicated directions.  3-D projects are easy to put together, unlike many of the Cricut projects that take an engineer to figure out assembly with little guidance and help from the books that are provided.  The results are great, and the possibilities for creativity are virtually endless.  I can't recommend this machine enough.  I use it almost every day and have made so many beautiful things. You can begin using it right out of the box!  Easy peasy.  I am a very happy customer and I honestly love this machine.  So glad I got it.

This bundle comes with a Vinyl Starter kit, everything you need to make vinyl wall designs and more,  including free designs that come with it."
...and couldn't be HAPPIER.  The ease of use is obvious.  I watched a couple youtube tutorials to make sure I wanted the upgrade and I couldn't be happier with how easy and seamless the transition was.  The quality of cutting is far beyond my Cricut.  The versatility far surpasses that of my old cricut.  AND NO NEED FOR CARTRIDGES!!!!
This will be my second machine. Though there is nothing wrong with the one I already had- this was such a great deal that I could not resist for a backup machine.
"First things first, if you are on the fence between Cricut and Silhouette, SILHOUETTE hands down!  Yes, it is a bit more expensive, but so well worth it!  You would spend double the difference in Cricut cartridges easily.  I have had my Silhouette Cameo for just about a year now.  I first purchased the Cricut, but I was disappointed with the limitations, so I ended up selling it.
  I can make so many things with the Silhouette, and the crafting is endless.  You can purchase your designs from the Silhouette store which are .99 cents each most of the time, every so often they go on sale for .50 cents each.  There are always Clearance designs which are .50 cents and there is a free weekly design.  You can purchase the designs individually, or  You can sign up for a subscription to the Silhouette Store which starts at $9.99 per month for $25 worth of designs.  Sometimes you can catch the subscriptions on sale as well so you can get going on a subscription for less than $10/mo. I have the basic subscription since I use my machine quite a bit.
You can also make your own designs if you wish which is free.  I have used this to make cards, gift tags, sewing patterns, rhinestone designs, vinyl signs ect.  I still feel like a beginner, and don't think I have even scratched the surface of what this thing can do. If I get stuck on how to do something, I just go to youtube.  I don't like to read the directions.  My friends come over and are just in awe with what I can do, some have purchased it and love it, some have it on their Christmas or Birthday lists. I have found that the mats are flimsy nd don't last long, so I like to use the Cricut cutting mats.  Just beware if you use the Cricut mats, the measurements are off by about 1/8"" so you will have to test them out and mark them accordingly to make sure you don't cut your designs off.

Anyway, don't hesitate to purchase the Silhouette Cameo I promise, you won't regret it.  If you want something that is great but not quite as expensive, consider the Silhouette Portrait.  It still does most of what the Cameo can do, the only real differences are that there is no LCD screen, and the layout only goes as big as 8 1/2 x 11 where the Cameo can go up to 12"" x 24"" or longer."
"I recently bought my wife a Silhouette Cameo, because of its usefulness to her line of hobby/work.

We have been enjoying learning how to use it, but have had our share of issues. The cutting mat is more sticky than it should be, registration mark recognition is whacky on occasions, getting print and cut right with vector graphics tools such as Corel Draw is not so easy, and so on. After getting the hang of things, the cutter is an enjoyable machine.

We have still to buy/try the Silhouette Connect plug-in for Corel Draw and Adobe Illustrator [[...] That should hopefully make it easy to print and cut from Corel Draw.

The toughest problem we faced was getting A3 Print and Cut properly aligned. We were getting cuts that were not aligned to the print region, but misalignment was not uniform along the entire page. We suspected registration mark detection to be the cause.

We finally got it right by following some simple tips posted by other users

- Avoid printing (particularly using darker colors) in region around the registration marks (crosshatched region in Studio)

- Place A3 page on 1224 inch mat, aligned along the top-right side of cutting area

- Perform manual detection of registration marks

One hack I want to try is to draw electronic circuits [[...] on paper and fabric using Cameo."
"Unbelievably amazing! I bought this machine to make my wedding save the dates, invitations, and flowers and it did not disappoint. It was simple to set up, the free software, although clunky at times, works well and the possibilities of mediums are endless. Blades dull rather quickly if you are doing extremely intricate work, but over all, it was a great value when you compare the cost of custom papercut work. Give it time and you will love it."
"This is the most wonderful gift I have ever given myself.  I am grateful that I did NOT discover it sooner, I would have never made it through my Masters program- I would have been crafting instead!!

I love crafts of all typed but this wonderful machine goes far beyond crafting, it produces professional grade cuts that enable the user to create items that rival or surpass store bought items.

Buy this for yourself first ( just because you deserve it) THEN purchase it for someone you love :) you will not regret it or ever want to be without it! The creative possibilities are endless!"
"This machine was a worthless piece of junk. I owned a Roland Stika, and that cutter is a workhorse. I used it for 8 years.
The price was good, but the machine will not cut certain Heat transfer material. It also uses a ridiculous cutting mat. Or it's a defective cutter.
All the vinyl cutters I have used did not need a cutting mat. I notice machine cuts better with a cutting mat, but
peeling off the letters form the sticky back was a nightmare !
Save your money and buy a better one, this one was a waste of time. I'm returning mine."
"After a month and a half my Cameo is finished!
$300 for a just over a month of use is expensive!"
"My wife and I love this.  Far more superior to the other 3 my wife bought from Cricket!  Software is great, the online store is great, and the projects we make are great, (maybe because we made them ourselves).  We have taken many images from the internet and been blown away what we were able to copy and turn into vinyl cut outs.  Our first project was Halloween apothecary jars, they turn out spectacular! The glass was expensive, so we will take off the vinyl and turn them into Christmas ones next.  Takes a little learning curve to get vinyl to transfer or to wrap around blown glass or any curved surface."
"The Silhouette is so great! So much better then the cricut where you have to buy lots of seperate pieces to make cuts. You can cut ANY font on your computer, plus there are so many shapes and projects online and most of them only cost $1. My friend who got the cricut have already borrowed mine numerous times! The only drawback is that the instructional video is kind of lacking. The print and cut option is really great, but takes some trial and error before you figure it out. If they improved the instructions it would have saved me a lot of wasted paper and a wasted cutting mat!"
"I like my Cameo as much as my Cricut Create. Both are good (and sometimes annoying) for different reasons.

* I found the Cameo as easy to learn as the Cricut was.
* I like the Silhouette Studio interface. I found it easier to navigate than Cricut's Craft Room.
* Silhouette's library of images has a wide variety of image styles. Cricut's styles were more limited.
* Hunting through a large library of cartridge booklets for the right image got old fast. But this problem goes away if you use Craft Room.
* The Cameo is noisier and the noises it makes are super annoying.
* The Cricut Create was far superior for cutting away from a computer. And you don't need any computer ever to use it.
* The Cameo is almost fully controlled from your computer. You need computer access and the Silhouette software to load the SD card with images.
* The Cameo's CD has a good, thorough 50 pg manual.
* Silhouette Studio has a cut option menu which has many pre-set paper types to choose from. You don't have to guess which speed and blade depth various media require, unlike the Cricut.
* Provo Craft limits the transfer of ownership of your cartridges if you linked them to Craft Room. Once you do that no one else who you might sell or give them to can connect them to their own Craft Room. There is no ability to unlink. There is also no way to delete your account."
"In my life I've only been compelled to write a handful of reviews on Amazon. This product is worth the effort. For the price, you can't go wrong. I was spending 200-300 a month of custom vinyl graphics at the local sign shop. This paid for its self in less than a week. We were up and running cutting our own vinyl graphics in less than 10min. The software for Mac OS X is outstanding.

I have zero complaints or things that I'd change."
I love my new Cameo. I have used it many times on the first day I took it out the box. I work on my cuts only computer. I love this machine. I would recommend to any scrapbooker. It is super easy to use.
"All the rhinestones in this starter kit had no adhesive still on them, so they were useless. This happened BEFORE the package was even opened! The quality of that kit was terrible. I would NOT recommend the rhinestone starter kit.
As for the Silhouette machine itself, it is fabulous! I would highly recommend the Silhouette Cameo machine."
"I love my Silhouette Cameo! It is great for cutting all types of shapes precisely on paper. There are also all other types of kits like stamp makers, stickers, cutting out fabrics, etc. Just needs a good area when it's cutting. You can also do custom shapes you create in illustrator you just need to buy the $50 upgrade to the program. They also have a great selection of patterns in their online store for those that just want get started on their crafts."
"I have never owned the Cricut machine that most people had before this and really knew nothing about these type of machines. I don't scrapbook...but I do make stencils for my wood art that I create. This product is fantastic. WELL WORTH THIS PRICE. I got mine off HSN and it came in a nice little bundle like the one here. It's a great bundle and comes with everything you need to get started.

It does take some learning! You have to invest a little time in checking out YouTube and reading the instruction manual. What I don't like is that there is soOoOo much you can do with this thing and the manual only scratches the surface so you have to look elsewhere to learn. There is still so much I don't know...but for now it's doing exactly what I want it to!

TIP: Sorry Silhouette but your cutting mats are way too sticky for me! Unless I drag it across my carpet to de-stick it....my stencils get ruined because I have to pry them off your mats. I buy the Cricut mats (OMG!) and they work wonderful for me!"
"UPDATED 8/6/2014
I had to dock this one star simply because, now I own 4 Cameos instead of 2 and half of them have had return-worthy issues (the exact same issues). The other two have so many quirks that I know for a fact that I cannot cut certain items on certain machines.  Additionally, the memory management of the Studio software is HORRIFIC. By that I mean that running Studio will suck up more computer memory than running both Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop combined. There is no excuse for that. I have a higher end computer with great memory and a great processor. If you have a medium to low performance computer I do not know how you can even run this software at all. This program runs SO SLOWLY after awhile that recently it literally took me 45 minutes to print one file because it rendered the file much larger than it needed to be (it had a lot of font/ words, NOT graphics) and so it took that long just to spool to my printer after freezing and crashing multiple times. There is a software upgrade (v. 3) that should honestly never have been released because it is so buggy I had to uninstall it. Using the upgraded software, the Cameos simply would not cut all the way through the paper on any of my machines no matter how new the blades were that I was using. There are also multiple other issues with the ""upgraded"" software package. Silhouette America made a huge mistake releasing that software when it did and until there are MAJOR improvements in it, I will not re-install it.

BACKGROUND:
I use the Silhouette Cameo in my small crafting business.  I currently own two of them and have a third on the way (its a busy business). I use my Cameo everyday. I would have given the machine 5 stars but, I am currently in the process of returning one machine and making a warranty claim.  I simply got a dud of a machine and 9 months and countless support calls later, I am simply going to return it.  That being said, my other Cameo is a workhorse but has some limitations.

EASE OF USE
HARDWARE AND INCLUDED ACCESSORIES:
The Cameo is super easy to use once you get the hang of it. Plan to spend the first day or two wasting paper and testing things out.  The hardware is straight forward and not too technical to get the hang of.  The blade is easy to insert and the lcd screen is easy to understand.  What is not so straight forward is using the Cameo with an SD card only. While it is easy to save the image to SD and pop the card into the machine, once you get there, it is very confusing trying to open the image and change the cut settings via the SD screen.  But, maybe I need to play with this option a little more.

BLADES:
The cutting blade was a constant source of irritation at first.  For some reason, the first 5-6 blades I purchased did not have removable tips.  Then I, somehow, managed to get a blade with a removable tip and that made ALL the difference.  Little bits of paper can get stuck in the blade housing which can negatively affect the performance of the blade so, trying to fish tiny bits of paper out of an even tinier hole is almost impossible without the removable tip.  So, hopefully, the removable tip is here to stay because it is invaluable.

MATS:
The cutting mats are excellent until they're not anymore.  I have only had one mat (out of the probably 100 that I have owned) that was insanely sticky out the pack - so much so that it shredded and destroyed the one piece of paper I used on it.  All of the other mats I have owned are great for a good while.  I have kept some numbers and I can usually get 50-60 full page cuts out of a 12x12 mat before it becomes difficult to use.  I have tried all of the popular re-stick methods (spray glue, Re-Nu sheets, Slice mat adhesive, Xyron adhesive etc.) and none of them are ideal.  Most leave you with not enough adhesive or adhesive that sticks to the paper, not the mat.  I have also tried Cricut mats, because they are cheaper, but the quality is not as good as Silhouette branded mats.  Again, I use the Cameo for high volume cutting so, if you are just a hobbyist, one mat should last a long time.

I use the scraper religiously.  I do not believe it comes with the Cameo and needs to be purchased separately but it is well worth it.

SOFTWARE:
The included software is ok.  It is intuitive to use but has some functionality problems in my opinion.  Opening large graphics is my biggest issue.  If the graphic is too large, the Studio software will simply stop displaying it or printing it properly, even if you shrink it down.  Any document containing the image will not save and will become wildly distorted.  Large images need to be shrunk in another software before they are opened in Studio.  From what I can gather from support on this issue, this may not be a problem in the designer version of the software, which costs an additional 50.00.

Also, although you can use all of the fonts installed on your PC, I find that a lot of the fonts are limited in that you cannot bold, underline or italicize them for some reason - the options are there, they are just greyed out.  Additionally, although I wouldn't say the Studio software crashes frequently, it does crash and has crashed many times.  If you have not saved your work, you are out of luck when it decides to crash.  I would say that the software freezes often though, especially when sending something to the printer.  It will say ""Not responding"" and spin for awhile but then, eventually, it will unfreeze.  If you are cutting something and trying to print something else out, everything will stop for awhile and freeze up.  It eventually will come back though.

Finally, I find that if you have many images or even a lot of font on your project page, the Studio software simply cannot keep up, it uses a lot of computer memory and drags noticeably to the point where there is a 5-7 second lag between me telling it to do something and it actually doing it.  I have a high performance computer that can run Photoshop, Illustrator and other large apps simultaneously without a problem so, it is not my computer, it is the software.

QUALITY OF CUTS:
I cut perhaps 30-40 pages a day on my Cameo.  I use everything from 110# cardstock to super thin (read: crappy) sticker paper.  The Cameo can cut a variety of materials well.  The thicker cardstock needs to be double cut on a low speed though and, because of this, it can take forever to cut a full sheet of shapes on the thicker stuff.  But, cutting stickers is super fast and easy to do.

With more intricate cuts, The Cameo is hit or miss - mostly hit.  But, I find I have much more waste than with simpler shapes.  If I have 10 intricate shapes on my sheet, I may lose 3 of them to ripping or messy cutting.  This is true no matter the cut speed, blade depth or material I am cutting.

PRINT AND CUT:
The Print and Cut feature is amazing normally but does have its drawbacks for sure.  The default margins for print and cut are huge so if you use the default settings, you will waste a ton of the page on empty space.  But, I find that if you change the default settings, the accuracy of the cut decreases.  Additionally, I have found that there is one certain print that the Cameo simply does not like - if you have a printed outline on your shape and you want the Cameo to cut out the shape leaving a little space between the printed outline and the cut line, I have found that the accuracy of the cuts drops dramatically.  For instance, if I have 20 shapes on a page, I may lose 15-16 of them because they are being cut off-center.  That is an enormous amount of waste and limits the design potential.

SILHOUETTE BRANDED PRODUCTS:
Of the Silhouette branded products, I have purchased and used the white sticker paper, foil paper, chalkboard vinyl, adhesive fabric paper, clear sticker paper, regular vinyl, double sided adhesive, magnet paper, adhesive magnet paper, and tattoo paper.  I have found that MOST if not ALL of the silhouette branded materials are wildly overpriced for what you are getting and, at the end of the day. it is not necessary to purchase the Silhouette brand.  For example, the printable white sticker paper runs about 1.00 per page and you get 8 pages in a pack.  This is nothing but plain white label paper and you can get something identical for a dime per page elsewhere.  You may need to slightly tweak the suggested cut settings but I find you need to do that anyway because the suggested settings for many of the Silhouette branded materials do not work well for me.  Additionally, I have found that materials such as the foil paper and clear sticker paper DO NOT print well in a laser printer and do not print at all in an inkjet printer.  I think they are formulated for laser printing but it does not say that and, in any case, does not print properly.  I find that much cheaper and comparable foil and clear paper print WAY better than the Silhouette branded items.  I have two laser printers and 1 inkjet and it is the same story in all the printers.  Also, the instructions on the packaging is almost non-existent on the branded products and the online videos are really not helpful to me.

CONCLUSION:
The Cameo ultimately is an amazing machine.  Is it perfect?  No.  But, it also is in the 200-300 dollar range which, for a digital cutting machine that does not require expensive cartridges, is a good deal.  I would never consider buying a machine that requires you to purchase cartridges separately as you can import and create a great many shapes yourself on the Cameo.  Understand the limitations of the machine and it will give you lots of crafting pleasure.  Also know that, if your machine does not work and you are fairly certain it is not user error, you may just have a bad machine."
The silhouette cameo is wonderful! Take care in the beginning with thinner stock papers (sticky mat is VERY sticky) and enjoy! The bundle is an excellent price and has more than you need to start your new addiction
"This is a nice machine and easy to use. You don't need cartridges like other machines, however you do need to buy the software for your own designs. Totally worth it."
Bought this as a lightning deal gift for my mother in law. After reading the reviews of the Cricut vs the Silhouette. I chose the Silhouette due to the fact that you can design your own image or you can purchase 1 image at a time and not have to buy several in a cartridge to obtain maybe just one you want. The reviews spoke pretty highly of the Silhouette. Then the Cameo bundle showed up in lightning deals so ultimately I went that direction. This thing is so cool I want to keep it myself!
"It is quite a bit to learn. The computer program makes designing easy but when I went to print my vinyl cut out (on my brand new silhouette), it only cut out part of the design.  I had even clicked ""double cut"". I re-checked my settings and tried again on another piece of vinyl and it did the same thing.  I called customer service and had to leave a message.  They do not even have the option to wait until the next available customer service agent.  It has been over 30 minutes and I have not received a call back.  I love the idea of the silhouette but so far I am not a happy customer."
"Purchased this for my 30 year old daughter. She loves it! Fascinating how much easier this is to use than my Cricut expression. No need for cartridges, every image is directly from the internet. The huge number of images available is mind boggling. The machine is very easy to use, either with paper or fabric.  A must have for a scrapbooker, seamstress, quilter almost everyoen!"
"LOVE LOVE my Cameo! The mats are a little pricey, but I have used ""generic"" ones and they work just as well. I have cut out heat transfer vinyl for shirts and regular vinyl for crafts (car decals, wood signs, wall decor). Paper cutting is a breeze and I was amazed by the fine details it was able to cut. Great investment!"
"Have had this for only a few months, but I cannot stop talking about this product. It really makes crafting fun. I have used it for birthday invites, holiday decorations, really unique cards iron on patches for shirts just to name a few. Was really easy to set up, the software it intuitive and they have a huge amount of patters you can get for just .99 each. It really is a limitless sort of crafting tool. Simply a must for anyone that is crafty...or wants to be. .  My friends are really amazed by the out put and they can't stop raving about it. I have even had some friends ask me to make stuff for them.."
I love this little machine. I have used this machine so so many times. I use this for everything. I never buy any cards. It prints and cuts beautifully! This is really getting alot of great items for a really really great price. I really recommend this if you like making your own cards and for scrapbooking!!
"<div id=""video-block-R29RFBFW4VMPM1"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1vxzfLNK5S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ASv0G0RDS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This cutter is so cool! I've used other cutters, and this is better than other cutters in every way that I can think of. Other cutters can't cut intricate detail, but this cuts intricate detail and doesn't mess up.

You can use any font on your computer, too. This is a huge, huge benefit to this cutter. You can also print out a picture to your other printer, and there's a special tool that will load this into the Cameo, and the Cameo make cuts on that picture. This means you can make extremely vivid full-color designs, with nice cuts on them.

And, I can't believe that I'm saying this, but the software is actually really good. I would never have expected a small shop like Silhouette to make such nice, easy-to-use, bug-free software. You can do a ton of stuff like draw your own pictures and like I said, use any font that you've loaded on your computer.

With this pack, you get the Vinyl Starter Kit, which is enough vinyl to put catchy phrases all over your house and car, plus it comes with some really useful tools that are useful for non-vinyl projects, too.

This package also comes with enough credits to get ten different projects from their online site. You can see the little box that I made that I got from the online site, on my video.

I'd strongly recommend this to anyone who does anything artistic, crafty, scrapbooking, etc. It really is a great product.

Pros:
+The software is great. Great, easy interface.
+Excellently sturdy hardware
+Better in every way than the Cricut
+You can use almost any material to make your designs

Cons:
-Has a little of a learning curve, but not much
-You do have to create an account, but the stuff that you buy gets saved to your account, so you won't loose your stuff"
"I purchased a Cameo about 1-2 years ago and wasn't very happy with it.  It didn't cut when it was supposed to.  There was a software/machine challenge.  The paper stuck to the mat.  I wasn't impressed and decided on its competitor, the Cricut.  I've been happy with my Cricut but the cartridges get expensive and take up space.  It's also ""harder"" to use.  When I saw this up on Vine I thought ""Why not?"" and chose it.  I'm glad I did.

First, when I create a design ON MY COMPUTER it actually cuts!  Now that's nice!  Either using a different laptop did the trick or they got the glitches out of the software.  I don't know but when I tell it to cut, it cuts!  I love that I can use my own fonts but one must be careful because not all fonts are ""cuttable"" and you end up with a mess.  :/.  In other words they have too many parts to them.  Just google ""Cutting Machine Fonts"" and you'll find plenty.  You also have the freedom to find svg files to cut out.  I love being able to maneuver everything on my laptop.  Love, love, love it!

Next, they improved the cutting mat.  From the get go I was able to pull the paper off the mat with no remnants.  The last mat made a mess out of the paper and I hated it.  Kudos to the new mat.

Finally, overall it's a good machine.  I blasted it on my last review but they must have listened to complaints and made things better.  I'll keep my Cricut as I've invested a lot into the cartridges.  However, it's a contest as to which one is my favorite.  Only time will tell."
"This little machine surpassed my expectationes. For work and craft, it works great...Still learning how to use each tool, but for a first times, I did great and had awesome results."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Electronic-Cutting-Tool-Plus-Vinyl-Starter-Kit-for-Scrapbooking/dp/B00CG144V2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Tool Plus Vinyl Starter Kit for Scrapbooking</a>I have had my Silhouette Cameo for almost nine months now. Since I am visually oriented, the first thing I did was go online and search for a ""setting up Silhouette Cameo"" and was greeted with many easy-to-follow video tutorials that start with unpacking the machine, very clear, concise and simple.

Then a month or so went by before I started to use it. I don't know I was intimidated or I just thought it was going to be a time commitment to learn how to use it. Big mistake. Now that I've started using it, I think of more uses for this wonderful machine everyday.

Again, anytime I can't figure something out or have a question about anything, I do a Google search and have found a recommendation by other helpful users or forums.  Example: question, ""cutting mat too sticky"", online answer, ""put a sofa pillow on the mat when you first get, press it down, pull off. Stickiness doesn't come off on pillow but pillow leaves very light fibers on the mat which reduces initial stickiness.""

Just some of the projects I have used the cutter for include, making Christmas cards, cutting a vinyl stencil to etch on glasses as gifts, cutting out a logo for our business, cutting out paper dolls for our grandkids.
The online store has a huge selection of design choices. Not only are they reasonable priced, most .99, but they have frequent sales. That being said, as a long time Photoshop user, I am creating many of my own designs. The point is, you can easily  design your own if you are inclined, but you don't have to. There are also many Silhouette users who offer their designs on various blogs, for free, or very reasonably priced.

I wish I had known about this machine before purchasing all my expensive dies for my Cuttlebug I am keeping that handy little machine(?) because of it's ability to emboss but I am in the process of scanning in die cuts, saving them as Silhouette images and selling all my dies.

One of my favorite features of the Silhouette is easily being able to scale the image to any size I want, up to 12x12.  It has always frustrated me with one-use dies is that if I want to cut out an oval and then cut one slightly larger for a ""frame"" around that oval, I couldn't do it w/o owning two dies. With the Silhouette I can easily re-size and design.

There are small glitches along the way. I learned early on to do practice cuts if I'm working with specialty papers that are either fragile or thicker. I also do a lot of practice cuts on 4x6 recipe cards. Occasionally I will get a bent corner on a small design but the intricacy of design the Cameo can cut is amazing. Most errors turn out to be something I've done like not cleaning off small pieces of the last cut or not having card stock stuck down enough.

For the several months I have shuttered as I watch my sister buy single-purpose die after another at Michaels or Hobby Lobby. Since she's only a casual computer user she was afraid of the Silhouette, thinking it required too much computer knowledge. Recently I showed her how easy it is to use and she now has it on her Christmas list.

I could go on but, if you're on the fence, jump and then use it. Answers to your questions are just a Google or Youtube search away."
"Love, love, love, love.... love love love... LOVE this machine! This is a crafty life changer friends! I've used it every single day since receiving it and imagine I'll continue using it pretty much for every card I ever make again, not to mention party decorating, holiday papercrafting, you name it. I've been crafting for years, but am pretty late to the electric cutting machine game... I started with a sizzix big shot which I still adore (though I use it mostly for embossing these days, along with cutting thicker materials and felt), then I had ""the bug""... most people who are considering a Cameo are coming from ""the bug"" so I'll address you first. I can't address 3rd party software with ""the bug"" since I never used it, I was always happy with my cartridges and sort of living in a world where I didn't know what I was missing. I'm not going to tell you to squash your bug, but I am going to tell you that you NEED a Cameo. The ability to cut ANYTHING I want.... any font I can find, any design I can draw, cut mats for my physical stamps, PRINT AND CUT.... oh my god pnc is AMAZING. You can even digitally fill shapes with any digital paper/pattern you have. I have a button machine and I now use the software from this machine to design my buttons and have the Cameo cut them out for me! I could go on and on and on but likely if you're reading these reviews you've already done some research (if not get yer tush to youtube and pinterest to see what people are making with this machine, my favorite is underacherrytree, she has some great tutorials that have really helped me. I also recommend upgrading to the DE version of the free software, it let's you use .svg's and basically those are everywhere, you can find great ones to buy and you can find tons of freebies online... plus it opens the door to designing with rhinestones and some other options the free version doesn't have.

Since you can tell I adore this machine I'll try to point out a few things I'm not totally in love with.
1) I hate the blades, I've heard people had lots of issues with them when they first came out so now they make them so you can at least unscrew the top to clean them out but I still hate that you can't refill the housing or use Roland blades like you can with ""the bug"", that's the one thing the bug people got right... a easy to adjust blade holder, the Cameo's isn't hard but it's a bit of a PIA to have to remove it from the machine to adjust the blade depth.
2) the mats are expensive, they are nice enough but overpriced... check out the Sixxix Eclips mats here on Amazon, you get 2 for a pack and they fit PERFECTLY in the Cameo (even the grids match up so you can do lots of paper piecing different color cuts on one mat and they work for PNC too) You can also resticky the mats with a spray, again google is your friend on details.. check for Krylon Easy Tack (you can buy that here on Amazon too)
3) though you can import and open .svg's with the DE version you can't save files with anything other than there .studio extension.... so if you hope to design files to give as freebies or sell you'll need different software.
4) vinyl specific since this bundle includes it. The machine cuts vinyl like a dream come true, you can even cut out TINY little designs and words for nail art... however I'm less than impressed with the Silhouette brand vinyl... you're better off with Oracle IMO which from my research seems to be the most common used by crafters.

Buy yourself a machine... do it now! (don't blame me though if your bug gets dusty and forgotten)"
"I have been scrapbooking for years and currently own a Cricut machine. When I saw this machine offered on Amazon Vine, I was ecstatic. While I love my Cricut, it has a lot of flaws and limitations. This Sihouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Tool is so much better. Just the fact that you can download thousands of designs online makes it wonderful to use (you do have to purchase them, but that seems standard for products like this. With the Cricut you purchase cartridges). Then there are the really cool kits that you can buy. This particular Sihouette comes with a Vinyl kit that can be used to make designs for your wall. So cool! With all of the kits, the possibilities really are endless with this machine.

The software was easy to install and I did not find it difficult to use. I did find the cutting mat to be sticky, but I dabbed it with a tshirt at the suggestion of another review and that seemed to help some. I had a similar problem with my Cricut and I found that the mats get a lot less sticky with use. You just have to be careful when removing your designs. The machine cuts beautiful and the designs I did came out perfect. I did a tree branch in vinyl for my wall and several of the other designs on paper for scrapbooking and cards.

Now that I own this machine, I probably won't use my Cricut much anymore. This Sihouette is definitely a superior product and I can't wait to try out the other kits (especially the glass etching kit!).  I would definitely recommend this to any serious crafters."
"You sold this for $40 for all of 5 seconds, Amazon? Really? Stop taunting! That is just too, too mean!"
"I have had my Silhouette cameo for 2 yrs. I love it..I think its simple to use. I would recommend watching some YouTube videos. The instructions that come with it are vague. The designer studio software is worth it. I use to have a Cricut, the Cameo is a far better machine."
"This is my first time ever using a cameo machine. I've always seen them, but haven't had the chance to try one out.

I loaded the disc into my computer, as the instructions stated. The disc was easy to use and install. I was able to pick what I wanted to cut. As the other reviewer stated, it is slow to stop. I wish is was a little faster, so I didn't mess up too bad, but, it happens. For a beginner, it was pretty easy to figure out. I just went by the instructions.  The quality was out of this world! I was very impressed how I could make something that was so professional looking. And the more I think about it, the more I come up with to make! It's really a lot of fun once you get started. I received 4 pieces of vinyl with the machine and couldn't find more in my local craft stores, so those you would probably have to buy online.

Overall, I'm very impressed with the machine. I would recommend it for any crafters who are looking into cutting!"
"It's a fantastic product in theory, but the learning curve on it is tremendous!  I had to do google searches and scour pinterest to figure out why it wouldn't cut all the way through, or why it was cutting through the mat, etc.  Once you get it working, it's great.  Replaces everything else you have to cut with.

It could easily be 4 stars, but I found it so frustrating to work with in the beginning that I gave up for a couple of weeks and tried again.  I may be expecting too much (and this is the first electronic cutter I've ever worked with so I didn't have anything to compare it to), but I read the manual and watched the video and STILL had to go searching the web for reasons it wouldn't do what I wanted the first time.

It says it cuts fabric and will also draw, but I wasn't willing to invest in the extras at this point.  If I choose to in the future, I'll update my review."
"My wife loves this. I bought it for a gift and she uses it every day. easy to understand and when she is happy, life is beautiflu."
Just what I was looking for. I have a pattern that I use all the time but have had to trace and cut by hand for years. This is saving me so much time.
"It cuts reasonably fast and gives nice clean cuts every time. Been using it for almost 6 months now and hasn't failed me yet. Haven't had to change blades either. I use the pens as well and it works really well. This cutter can do both cutting and drawing, just change the blade with the pen and you are ready to go."
Awesome cutter. Love it. So versatile. The intricate cuts it can make is incredible. The pen feature is a nice bonus. Only wish the blade setting changed automatically.
"This product was not as described. Product came with old sticker residue of someone with the initials MBL and tons of blond hair stuck to it as well. All the items were randomly thrown in the box as if I purchased this item from a garage sale. This product was advertised as Used - Very Good Condition and the description stated that the product was in great condition except for the box was damaged. Had I known that I would get such a beat up machine, I would have added the extra $40 and purchased the Starter Bundle. As a result, I do not have the machine I needed for this weekend and will buy my machine someplace else. To top it off, the Amazon customer service representative could have cared less about my inconvenience, simply offering to send me a return shipping label. I would rate this as zero stars, but there wasn't option for how upset I am about this order."
"What a great machine and Seller!!  Love it!!  Not having to by a cartridge every time you want a different font is a huge reason why I love the cameo!  With the help of YouTube it is easy to use, and so versatile!  I would recommend it over any other machines!"
"My issue is not with the Cameo.  I absolutely love it.  My issue is that I ordered a package deal and they substituted or left out things that were in the package.  That is more an issue with the company purchased through.  The Cameo itself is very easy to use, even for a novice like myself.  It does so much more than my Cricut ever could.
I love the idea of only buying the patterns I want and not having to spend so much on cartridges where there are only a few items on them that I want.
It cuts very intricate designs and is very versatile.  At first I discovered the paper I was using wasn't a good choice.  Then I switched to Michael's Recollections and have not had a problem since.  I use it for scrapbooking and making cards for now, but will use it on vinyl and fabric in the future.  Great product!  So much fun to use!"
I love this product! It was easy to learn how to use and works consistently. It has helped me come up with many more new and awesome projects.
"Its a great  cutter ,  only  one I need  to  request  if possible to adjust  the  cutting  reference  into  minimum  at  near  the  edge  of paper"
"I like my Silhouette, but it was rough getting started. It comes with almost no instruction how to use it. I discovered that there is a great deal of information online from users, not so much from the company, and that is how I have learned to use it to the extent that I have.

The cutting mat was sticky enough to anchor an anvil, and paper would simply rip to shreds when I tried to remove it from the mat. It took all kinds of research to learn that this is normal and that you are supposed to rub on it with a t-shirt to unstick it. I've noticed that they are now SELLING a less sticky mat. Ridiculous. Just send the right one with the machin
I bought it to make stencils, and, yes, I know that Silhouette does not claim that it will make stencils but lots of people are doing it. It took time (and $$$) to find a material for the stencils that had some substance to it and that the Silhouette would cut. Unfortunately these Show Offs stencil blanks are available only from Hobby Lobby.

The design software that comes with the machine is very similar to Adobe Photoshop, so if you are a Photoshop user you will become proficient rapidly. If you have no experience with PS expect to spend some time learning how to use the software. There is a fancier version of the design software available for $50, but so far I have found the basic version to be adequate.

The software uses only .svg files, which I had never heard of, so if you have a .jpg, .png, etc. file, it has to be converted. Pain in the neck. Silhouette, and lots of other online vendors, sell thousands of designs, but most of them are cutesy scrapbook images. There are enough exceptions that I have been able to spend a fair amount of money buying them. :) The Silhouette designs are available through the software, which is very convenient. It's fairly simple to manipulate the designs in the software so you can end up with something that is yours.

The Cameo will also cut out designs printed on your printer. You start this process in the design software, send the design to your printer, remove it from the printer and put it in the Cameo to cut it. I have not tried this yet so I can't speak to how well it works. I have not tried the sketching feature yet because it looks like a big hassle. I believe you have to put pens, on color at a time, in the blade holder. I have not figured out yet why it is worth the bother.

The Cameo is fairly noisy while it is cutting. If you work while your children nap, it would be best to do it behind a closed door.

My sister has a Cameo which she uses to cut out tiny intricate designs by the hundreds. She sometimes keeps her machine running all day, and has never had a problem with it.

After all that complaining, now that I have some experience using it, I like it. I can finally make stencils, my mat is not too sticky to cut paper, and in am enjoying using the design software. My next project is to learn how to cut out my own handwriting to use in art journaling. It is really fun to peel the paper/stencil off the mat and see what you have created."
"I'm not in love with it yet. I bought this specifically to use on fabric and it doesn't make the process easy. There is a HUGE learning curve to these cutters and my guess is it goes to all cutters, not just this one alone. I haven't needed Silhouette support yet, but I understand it's excellent. I will note tho, that if you decide to purchase a cameo, use the software only to cut, and Make the Cut software instead for creating your cutting files.

A year after my purhase... :)

I had this ranked as a 3 star, but have changed it to 5 stars. Silhouette once learned is really an amazing machine. I have used the support and they are great, quick, helpful and polite. I've never waited more than 24 hours for service.

The cutter itself has worked flawlessly, it's the learning curve that makes the difference. I wanted this originally to use for fabric cutting, but again it has a learning curve and I've since learned how to do that. Their is far more help out amongst users also who share the knowledge.

So to beginners.. Upgrade your software to the Designer Edition, you will not regret it, and you can't open .svg files without doing so.

After your warranty runs out, switch to using Cricut mats, they are more durable, stronger and better for fabric cutting. They work fine in your silhouette.

Buy a Pen holder for pens that won't fit in your normal pen holder on the machine."
This machine is very cool. I haven't even begun to accomplish everything it's capable of doing! I love it!!! I highly recommend the Silhouette Cameo!!!
"The first project I decided to do with my new Silhouette CAMEO was mapped out before I even received the machine.

I have one of those friends that is super creative. I am continuously impressed with the original art and projects he cranks out on a regular basis. I'll even admit to having felt a little jealous. Okay, a lot jealous.

He gave us a huge, beautiful pillar candle for our anniversary. Using a thirty year old picture, he had engraved the candle with a silhouette of our likeness. A really one of a kind gift.

I told my friend how much my sister raved about the candle and that I was jealous of his abilities. That's when he told me about his Silhouette CAMEO and offered to work with me to make a candle for my sister.

He turned a jpeg of her wedding picture into a silhouette of their heads using photo editing software. He sent the converted picture to the Silhouette CAMEO and the machine cut out a stencil. He taped the stencil to a candle and used a dremel with sandpaper to abraise the wax within the stencil lines to create an engraved silhouette.

Once home, I glued a small strip of matching ribbon around the base, wrapped it in tissue and put it in a decorative cardboard box. My sister flipped over her personalized gift and I was sold on the Silhouette CAMEO.

I went online and found a multitude of groups that create using the Silhouette. Immediately, I was drawn to a project to create a personalized children's pop up book. I ordered my Silhouette and picked out pictures I wanted to use the same day. I used an online photo printing service to order prints and shopped for the remaining project materials the next day.

By the time my machine arrived, I had already received my picture order and had mapped out my pop-up ""story book."" It's been a bit of trial and error, but I have all of the pictures cut out and am working on cutting the card stock they will be glued to. I've ordered the special little pen holder and plan to use a combination of Silhouette drawing and laser printing for the text. It isn't going to be the most professional looking gift in the world, but it's going to be special, one of a kind, and probably hard to give it away to its intended recipient, lol.

My advice to you, if you're thinking about buying a Silhouette CAMEO, is to show more restraint than me. Having just jumped in, I'm learning on a pretty steep curve. In retrospect, I would have benefited by purchasing a Silhouette ""Starter Kit"" or two and getting a feel for the machine. And the sticky mat. And the cutting tool and settings. And etc, etc. Had I done so, I think my pop-up book would be looking more like a pro job. On the other hand, the mere fact that I was able to just start playing and creating says a lot about its intuitive ease of use.

The reason I like this, versus love this, is the price. You might be able to do anything the machine can, so consider whether the price is worth it to you personally, based on your temperament and abilities. If you have patience, skill with a utility knife, innate talent and extra time, you probably don't need this machine. If you're like me, time challenged with mediocre artistic ability, this will help you join the ranks of THE CREATIVE."
"Thank you so much! I love my new Silhouette Cameo, I'm still learning, but it has been very easy to use and a lot of fun. :)"
"The machine and the accesories are fine, it all came fine. The only thing wrong is the machine and the hook came with small scratches"
"I've been using my Cameo for several months to create cupcake toppers and banners for cakes, as well as party items for my small business. I have very mixed feelings about the machine, and frankly look forward to the day when I can purchase a more professional-grade machine of this kind.

On the one hand, everything I cut is designed by me, and it seems amazing to me that any machine can cut out my original designs. On the other hand, it's the computer age, so perhaps not so amazing. What I don't like about the Silhouette Cameo is that, although I carefully select the types of paper I will be cutting and make sure everything is set exactly as the instructions suggest, I have wasted untold amounts of card stock and paper (and I'm not talking about cheap card stock or paper) when the machine does not cut cleanly and my projects come out of the machine in tatters, or when, inexplicably, the machine suddenly cuts a quarter-inch above the designs on a page I've cut out a dozen times previously with no problem.

It's no good calling the support number or sending an email to ask questions. Although everyone I've talked to is very nice, all they seem to do is refer me to the online manual to solve problems. I don't contact them until AFTER I've searched the manual for troubleshooting tips. Early on I had a repeated problem getting the machine to cut on the lines even after it properly ""detected registration marks."" I spent at least an hour on the phone and exchanging fruitless emails with Silhouette support people, all to no avail. It was only later, on my own, that I discovered that I was loading the cutting mat flush against the left side of the machine instead of on a little line about a quarter of an inch in. Wouldn't you have thought that would be the FIRST question they would have asked... if I had loaded the cutting mat properly? But the support staff seems as in the dark as I am most of the time.

I did finally find a terrific woman online who blogs and offers video tutorials about Silhouette, and she has very kindly answered a couple of questions for me that Silhouette support could not answer.

I am glad I have this machine, as it performs as expected perhaps 80 percent of the time. But we certainly have wasted a great deal of money in unusable cut card stock and paper. My recommendation to potential buyers would be to really do your research and see if you can find a comparable machine that has better support. That's what I'll be doing as soon as funds allow."
"I don't even know where to start... I've had my Silhouette Cameo for about a year now and I absolutely LOVE it!!  It is wonderful to be able to design things without having to buy an expensive cartridge that may only have one or two designs that you would actually use.  The trace function is nice because you can use free clipart to make your designs.  If you can't find the clipart you're looking for, you can always purchase from the Silhouette store for around $0.99 per file.  I paid for my Silhouette in no time from the money I've saved on making gifts rather than buying them.  Although the machine is not difficult to use, I recommend reading the instructions and watching a few YouTube tutorials.  I have also found some very helpful articles through Pinterest.  You will learn a lot of extras by watching/reading these tutorials and it will make your experience even better."
My wife loves it!!! She uses it all the time. Totally worth it!! Best present this birth day of hers.
"I am very happy with my silhouette . It works exactly like it should. If you have any issues the disk at silhouette are curious and prompt . My silhouette arrived earlier then expected as well as some additional items I later purchased ( blades and fabric interfacing )
I would recommend the silhouette to anyone that enjoys crafting . With so many different media options there is something for every crafter."
"The Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Tool has a steep price, but you get a lot in the kit.
In the box:
- 12 inch cutting mat
- cutting machine
- PC (and Mac!) compatible software
- 4 sheets of vinyl
- 10 ft of transfer paper
- Silhouette hook
- Silhouette scraper
- instruction guide (with ideas and designs)
- $10 dollar gift card to the Silhouette Online Store

This is a quality, well-made cutting machine that's versatile. As someone who has had my share of accidents with an X-Acto blade, it's much safer as well. About the size of a desktop printer, it can cut material up to 10 by 12 inches.

Like another reviewer said, I'm happy this came with decent software. As a Mac owner for many years, I've often been stuck having to download compatible software off the internet just to use so-called Mac-compatible devices.

It's an expensive tool for only the occasional scrapbook or craft, but for those who spend a lot of time cutting prints and designs, this is a great choice."
My favorite tool at home.  I have made so many items for gifts that everyone loves.  My brother actually purchased one after using mine to make items to sell.  Love it.
Love it because can cut mutiple items at once and with different color paper.  Easy to learn and use.  Fantastic!
Love the Silhouette Cameo! I use it all the time! I highly recommend it for any craft/personal use. Don't buy the Cricut. This is the much better choice. Very easy to learn how to use and you can easily buy TONS of new download designs on their online store. The kit is also a better deal too.
"This Silhouette Cameo Rocks.  There was a bit of a learning curve and, even now, when I switch the type of vinyl I am using, I may mess it up the first time, but once I have the settings right, it cuts beautifully.  I used to do a lot of hand-cutting of T-shirt templates, Vinyl stickers, etc. The process was time consuming, mistakes that cause the whole thing to have to be trashed were common and, when I did manage to complete the project, results were often mediocre.  Now, mistakes are much less common and the results are very professional-looking."
"I am very new to the cutting machines, when doing my research I found that 9 out of 10 recommended the Silhouette over the Cricut. I am so glad I chose this machine - although I cannot personally compare to the Cricut, I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Silhouette Cameo. I have made over 750 cuts already and the first mat is still going strong (for printer paper) and the blade works like a champ. I'll admit, I don't know how long they should last - but this is refreshing to me. I have had no freeze up issues - some minor cutting issues (shifting of mat, weird cuts - but probably operator error) and overall would recommend this product!"
"This is the first time I buy a cutting tool and this was way above my expectations. The software is super easy to work with and you can find endless youtube videos on how to use it, and how to import different images into it. It is not very clear what blade setting should be used with each of the materials you are cutting and I almost ruined my cutting board on one of my first attempts. You need practice to make perfect. I thank all the people who left reviews before that were very helpful and convinced me to buy it. I am really happy with my purchase."
"This machine is amazing! You can do almost anything you imagine with it! This bundle is good because it comes with extra mat and extra blade, I think it's worth it."
"Works great, and happy with results I've already had. Works better then the PC machines I've had in the past and I love the flexibility of designing your own shapes or purchasing individual shapes. I had the Imagine and it felt really limited since you could only adjust part of the image and I could never get it to work properly with their software, plus now they have discontinued that machine. I like that the silhouette cameo has the PNC feature which I look forward to using once I get some new ink for my printer!"
"This machine is amazing.  It took me a few hours to learn how to use it properly thanks to online tutorials, but I was able to hand craft my sons entire first bday party.  I will be doing holiday cards next.  This machine and its endless capabilities is amazing and well worth the money."
"I got this for crafting. I love it. It makes intricate designs easy to cut and well, does just about anything any scrapbooker can think of. The extra accessories are a bit pricey but in the end, it's worth it. I've cut multiple intricate designs using my cameo and it never fails. This is a great starter bundle. I recommend it. I think it does better cuts than the cricut."
"I was very excited to receive this, and it works great! Only two drawbacks: I wish more designs came included, or a higher value of the online store gift card was included, and the cutting mats come VERY sticky, to the point that it took a tremendously long time to peel the little paper bits off the first time I used it. But after a quick online search I saw I was not alone, and removed some of the stickiness, works perfect now. Just do your research first... 4 stars and so excited about all the things I can do with it!"
"I love my new silhouette cameo. It's a awesome toy to play with n make things. You can make anything.
So far vinyl has been my favorite thing to play with.. The starter kit is a very good buy. I highly recommend this product."
What doesn't this do? It's so versatile it can create almost anything you can imagine. This bundle is a huge value because it comes with lots of goodies. I'm so happy I bought it.
This machine is SO much better than the cricut. You can build your own images plus choose from tons on the silhouette online store. Being able to buy just 1 image is so awesome! Highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys crafting or scrapbooking
This is the most versatile  machine. You can make crafts to prototypes. I wish i had more time in a day to make more things. If you like to craft and create this is the machine.
"Did not receive all items in my box! Issued a partial refund, but now I have to find the stuff to make my cameo work! Very mad."
"Its been a great fun experimenting and cutting every different piece of material that under 1mm.

The software is very user friendly and its very forgiving. Yet still customization enough that you can cut very deep into the cutting board."
"I bought the Cameo on a whim last x-mas. I had heard all the buzz about it, and wanted to try it out. Was it any better than my Cricut. At first, NO! You have to buy each cut off their website (if you bought the subscription it's actually not that bad, each design is $1 and if you max out your credit allotment, you get designs at a discounted price). There are some freebies too. I was a little intimidated by the unlimited options. Where do I go, what do I start making....?!?!?! Once I got the hang out of it and had a project lined up, it made it super easy to use and learn.

Major differences of the two:
Cricut mats are THE BEST! I use these mats in my silhouette - the firmness of the mats prevent it from slipping and sliding (which in the silhouette is THE. MOST. ANNOYING. THING. EVER.) Especially when you're down to 1 sheet of the paper you need to complete a project. Cricut mats are also less expensive than Silhouettes. Both mats are insanely sticky (too sticky) so I rub the mat on my shirt to get some lint - this makes it less sticky, and when it's NOT sticky at all, I'll use a baby wipe to clean it up a little, or use soap/water. When the mat is completely ""dead"" and I'm too lazy to spritz with some adhesive spray, I use it as a working mat to build my pieces on, and I don't care if I damage the mat. Paint on it, spray glue, hot glue gun, etc.

Cricut blades win - the blades are way less expensive - and you get 2 for the price of 1 silhouette blades. Both blades last about the same amount of cuts.

Tool kits for both machines blow. ""Making Memorie's Kit"" is the best! I actually use all of the tools and they're my go to kit for all crafting activities.

Cricut's pens are more like markers where Silhouette pens are more like ball point pens. Silhouette has a casing which allows you to use ANY pen you like - which makes this more cost effective if you plan on doing sketch work. Both brands of pens are about the same price - sadly, the pens are not interchangeable between E1 or Silhouette.

Silhouettes does NOT require cartridges - which saves a lot of space - which wins - I know Cricut offers digital purchases but I have cartridges prior to that and I can't get rid of them =( Side note: Cricut cartridges have been less expensive to purchase than their digital version. I also like that i can select which cuts I need, the monthly subscription plan is really useful with silhouette - but I would take the time to build a wish list (credits do carry over if unused).

Lastly - the most important part for me - their software:
CCR vs Silhouette Design Studio
SDS wins - hands down - it is by far the EASIEST to use. You don't have to be computer savvy to get the program running - it also does NOT require internet, so design away while on a plane! It allows the user more control over each line/cut. This actually kicks your OCD in overdrive sometimes. If I hadn't already dumped all that money into my Cricut, I'd probably be Silhouette only. The only thing Silhouette is missing - the ability to do layers - in CCR you can create multiple layers for 1 design - which is great so I can sort out which color paper is for what layer, where as silhouette - it's 1 mat and you have to maneuver the designs and just fill in the colors the best you can. My work around is that I put several different ""layers"" onto the side (off the mat) and just try to piece it together this way. For now, that's the best option until the software gets a major overhaul or update.

CCR is so insanely frustrating - at least in the last 2 weeks I've been having ""service error"" issues and can't log in. I also run on MAC but that shouldn't matter.

Pros of Cricut - their cartridges are INSANELY cute. The designs are more flowy and caricature-style and there are more licensed images. This is great if you have kids or work at a school. Trust me, my son's school is insanely stoked of all the little things I've been making for their class.

Pros of Silhouette - this machine just feels more ""sophisticated"" to me. Even when it's cutting, it sounds like a symphony of mini robots making things come to life. There are some whimsical images but they're just NOT as cute as Cricut. This does create intricate cuts, this does create my own designs, this creates thing that I find useful. This is also a stress free machine. If I need help from customer service - I email and get a respond within hours - whereas with Cricut, I might get a response in a week? Or not at all. And their ""office hours"" are during working hours. Well I cricut at night. Sigh.

Summarize Long Winded Review:
Get a Silhouette Cameo

UPDATE: 10/2014:
If you've followed my reviews in the past - you'll know that The E1 was my first love - then I thought newer must be better and bought the E2 - big mistake. The tech/software issues alone made me almost chuck it out the window a few time. I ended up upgrading to the Silhouette Cameo as it was easier to use, less tech issues, and more sophisticated designs and also their subscription plan was amazing.

Apparently Cricut realized they were losing customers and has revamped the machine and created a subscription plan. I'm game to see if this actually holds up to all the hype.

For those of you who have a cricut now - read this blurb (if not, skip to the next section) - If you have projects on CCR - Explore will NOT work with CCR. You can't export your CCR project files and upload them to Cricut Design Space (CDS). I hope this is a feature their software dev people can fix b/c I don't want to have to recreate what I have. Also if you have linked cartridges from CCR/Gypsy/Cricut account - it will load on CDS (small win).

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
CRICUT DESIGN SPACE vs SILHOUETTE DESIGN STUDIO - This is actually really important b/c no matter how fancy your machine is, if you can't create what you want - then what's the point.

PRO-TIP - read the FAQ from the cricut page about CDS before you start - there are functionality that are the same, but the way to e is different than CCR. If you're used to the mat layout (which I am) - set your canvas ""basic"" and select the 12x12 or 12x24 mat so you can layout your items.

SUBSCRIPTION PLAN:
CDS's subscription is really affordable. For $100/year you have access to essentially the entire Cricut library minus a few license cartridges - which is fine for me - a cartridge is roughly $30 on clearance/sale, so for the price of a couple, I have access to tens of thousands of images. YES. PLEASE! I'm guilty of having to buy 1 cartridge b/c I needed 1 specific image. I'm happy ""renting the images vs owning them""

I loved SDS b/c you get a subscription plan that allows you $x/month to buy each design. They often have sales on their designs which makes those monthly allowance go very far. However - for Halloween, I burned through my allowance and then some b/c I had a zillion decorations to make. Total Bummer. CDS's option gives me access to everything and anything I can possibly want (except for a few licensed items). Those credits also disappear if you don't use them in the upcoming few months (which has happened to me a few times).

ACTUAL SOFTWARE
SDS is a program you download onto your machines, CDS is web based. This means you have to be on the internet to use it. I like that SDS is offline and I an do this if I'm stuck in a remote cabin. And it's not tied to the bandwidth of my internet - which can get patchy at times. There is a bit of a learning curve, if you have basic MS Word skills, you'll be ok.

One thing I loved about CCR that SDS didn't have was the function to do layers on a project - CDS does have that feature but it's not as easy as just selecting tabs. I miss that. I guess you can do that on the ipad app.

The software is also configured to lay your shape on a mat to maximize your paper. So you technically don't need to lay them on the mat perfectly. It doesn't have an algorithym to change the angle of the shapes so it fits between things. My workaround is to lay the shapes how I want it to be cut on the mat and weld them together - so I can minimize all the white space. CDS then treats that as 1 image and cuts as many as you want.

SDS has grid lines but not numbered/ruled which can be a little tricky at times. I like the gridlines are consistent (inches) on the CDS which makes guessing the size of my outcome to be exactly what I want. (SDS also offers an upgrade version for their design software - for a price - which I've bought, but it's still not as robust at CDS).

WHAT I WISH:

I wish they also had another subscription program that you can purchase the individuals that aren't part of the subscription library at a discount.

If only Design Space had all the buttons/functionality of CCR - then this would actually be perfect.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS MACHINE:
Right out of the box - it worked. All I had to do was login with my Cricut account to Cricut Design Space. Suprisingly - I anticipated a 2 hour block to update firmware on the machine and the process of loading/reloading the app on my computer. It was a 5 minute setup time.

Comes with a bag!!! For the price price point - it's really lame to have to drop $20-$50 for a cover/bag. I rather use the funds for more material or accessories. The bag isn't a cheap dustcover. It's actually a legitimate sturdy canvas bag, with pockets, and handles to haul this badboy out and about.

The machine is surprisingly light especially since it's bigger than the cameo.

It's really clear that some thought was put into re-creating this machine. I love the light (E2 has this, E1 did not, Cameo does not). It helps for smaller detail projects. And who doesn't love something shiny...There is a little cubby hole on the top for you to stick your pens/tools for when you're using the machine. Inside the door there are 2 compartments. One for extra blades and the deep cut housing unit. Another compartment for pens/tools.

The machine may be made out of plastic but the parts that really matter are solid. The blade housing is heavy/sturdy.

I love the mat guide - The silhouette is guilty of having mats slip mid project - which results in having to redo the same project b/c the cut was wrong.

The smart dial takes the guess work out of the depth of the blade and the speed of the cut. I don't know about you - but I can't remember what setting I use for Martha Stewart Cardstock vs Michaels Brand vs Cricut if I haven't worked on a project in a while. My post-its don't stick on.

The speed of this machine is also very impressive - I usually am able to take off projects off 1 mat while another is being cut - but this thing is so fast that my projects end up waiting for me

THIS MACHINE IS EERILY QUIET...I thought the machine was just moving the mat around and not cutting until I looked closely - I no longer need to set craft time based around noise violation ordinances.

The machine is lifted up a bit off the table which means my cords doesn't get in the way of the mat. I also don't need to make sure I have 2ft of clearance behind the machine. This used to be a must for all my machines (E1 and Silhouette) so it wouldn't get caught on something for projects.

WHAT I WISH:
The machine should come with a scraper tool - that's a necessity. If you don't have one, check out the Slice (Making Memories) tool kit. I still swear by mine - it's inexpensive and has almost everything you can possibly need.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
OTHER TIDBITS:
I was talking to a mom friend of mine who said she spent $200 on supplies to make a banner. She had to buy foam letters as a set - and if it didn't have enough of a certain letter, she had to buy another one. She was essentially stuck with what she could get her hands on at the store. When I told her about the Cricut, she about died. I could have made her banner for under $20.

ACCESSORIES:
Cricut by far have the best blades and mats. I use Cricut mats on my Silhouette Cameo. The adhesive is JUST RIGHT and doesn't kill my paper when I'm peeling off projects. I also use my label maker to make a sticker that says ""top"" which I tape onto the clear protector sheet - this way I'll know which side is meant to be on the sticky side - this might not be a big deal, but I'm a little OCD.

Cricut blades are also 1/4 the price of Silhouettes and also more durable. My blades on the Silhouette would break if I used a thicker cardstock, and I had a project that went through 3 blades, I was a little miffed. The cricut blades are great on tougher material like thick cardstock and foam.

Cricut is the only brand I've come across that carries the larger cardstock (24x12) which I bought on Overstock.

If you need tools (tweezers, scrapers, etc.) - Making Memories Slice Tool kit is the best.

Amazon has consistently better prices on blades/mats (you can get in bulk) and also tools.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:
Cricut's customer service hotline is mostly available during business hours - this was really annoying when I went through my crisis with the E2. Especially being a working parent - I too work those same hours their hotline is open. They need to expand those hours. BUT when you get in touch with a real person, they're super rad.

Silhouette's customer service has always been fast on response via email and phone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
MATERIALS I'VE USED ON THE EXPLORE - apparently this is the mother of all machines and I can cut all sorts of material. Challenge Accepted.

FOAM: (Do use a brand new mat - otherwise your foam will unstick mid cut and you will turn into a sailor). The nice thing about this software is that you can still customize your cut pressure. After you've loaded the mat, go to the ""Material Setting"" - then ""Add Material"" Name it foam, 235. Use the deep cut blade (I've tried variations of settings and deep cut and regular blade before I figured out that I could adjust the setting. DUR. Do know that on one side, it will leave roller marks. So mirror your cuts as necessary.

VINYL: OH EM GEE!! This thing is a dream to cut vinyl with. I uploaded some designs that I liked through the program and it cut them perfectly! My kiddo is obsessed with Mario right now - so I cut out some Mario vinyl and stuck them onto a mason jar - made my own lid insert and voila - instant piggy bank that cost me about $1 to make. I'm thinking this would be a great way to make personalized party favors - fill little jars with candy, or trinkets.

I struggled with cutting on Canvas and Burlap. The material would come undone - even on a new mat, I think I would have to use some type of a spray adhesive on the mat to make it happen.

PENS: I figured since the pens were pretty fine point - that it wasn't able to make an significant drawings - I was wrong. You can set it to run a few times over so it makes a thicker line. I liked that a lot. And it's awesome to NOT have to switch out a pen for the blade - which you have to do with the Silhouette. The computer controls everything - and it's made doing a project effortless and efficient.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
WHAT I LOOK FOR IN A SOLID MACHINE:
I need my end projects to be of quality.

ROI has to be solid (Return on Investment) - which means to me - the time I spend ""designing it"", cutting it, and if necessary, putting it together. The machine has to be easy to use to minimize mistakes - I hate wasting paper - or having to run the same project 3x b/c the mat slipped or a cut didn't go all the way.

VERDICT...are you ready for it?
I guess is really dependent on you.

Is noise level important? If yes, go with the Explore. As much as I love the robotic symphony that my Silhouette makes, I'm pretty sure my neighbors don't love it.

Are you limited on budget? If yes, go with the Explore - the subscriptions option really gives you a diverse group of cuts all for the same price. The machine is really easy to use as long as you have basic computer skills.

If you do get an explore - I highly recommend getting a bundle, it seems like you get more for not paying a whole lot more.

Am I going to part ways with my Silhouette - NO - but I did end my subscription plan with them and just buy as I need. Their library has many more ""sophisticated"" and ""3d"" projects that I really enjoy putting together/

If you were to go out and get a machine - since you've never had one before - I'd go with the Explore. It offers a lot of versatility that you don't have to get nickeled and dimed for - I like that I can do 1 project with little effort and get the kids excited to want to participate. There are tons of licensed materials too - so if you have kids - this is great.

I have a feeling that now that they're done doing the development of the machine, they're going to be spending more time/focus on the software side. Which makes this a solid investment. Every time I've thought of something random to do - the machine has been able to make it happen for me.

UPDATE: 1/2015:
I've tried out print and cut - it's epic!!! I uploaded some of my own photos to the software - used the print and cut feature and poof! It cut within the black lines of my pictures (they were people cut outs). This was for a school project. I wish I knew how to upload the photo - but it's AMAZING! It took about 5 minutes to calibrate the system, it cut within the outlines of the picture I printed. POOF!

Also the ipad app is rad!! I can now design almost anywhere that I have wifi/internet service off my ipad. I'm not tied to my computer anymore. This is like having the gypsy w/o paying $400 for it (the Gypsy was the handheld device that Cricut came out with years ago which I absolutely adored - but the screen size is so small)."
"Fair warning : I'm going to gush a little.

This thing is amazing.  Really.  Even if you're not very crafty, this tool lets you do some pretty awesome things.  Of any tool I've seen, I really think this comes the closest to bridging the gap between what you imagine you want vs. what you actually end up making.

The versatility is astounding.  Yes, you get a blade with it, and basically if you find a shape online (or purchased from the Silouette store) you can cut it out on a sheet of paper.  Or adhesive (make stickers!).  Or heat-transfer paper...making easy iron-on logos for shirts.  More on that...want some easy jerseys for your four year old's soccer team?  Maybe a beer league football club?  Hey, do you find yourself volunteering for your kid's scout troop and you want some cool t-shirts for a camp outing?  This thing lets you do all that and more.

We were making cupcakes one night and were trying for some really neat decorations (the toppings just HAD to look like superhero logos for a party) and inspiration struck.  We found some paper-like fondant kind of stuff at the local Michael's (update...not really fondant, but actually like this:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Wilton-710-2912-Multipack-Sugar-Sheets/dp/B00CI1W5JI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Wilton 710-2912 Multipack Sugar Sheets</a>), so we downloaded the Batman logo and fed it and the ""paper"" into the Cameo.  Boom, in about 30 seconds we had a crisp, clean, and edible logo for a cupcake.  Different colors allow for layering, like with the Superman logo...yep, we cut one sheet in yellow with the background, and one in red with the S logo.  Put the two on top of each other and bang.  We even did Captain America, and for that we got fancy...cut concentric circles in the different colors, one circle in blue with the star logo cut out, then a white star - they all fit perfectly together in one layer.

Worried about the thickness of your media?  Don't be.  The Cameo has a nice adjustable blade that made these projects I've described go very smoothly.  Adjustable rollers keep the media going in smoothly.  Very easy to go from fabric to paper.

It's like a plotter, but with tons more versatility.  Yes, you can replace the blade with a pen and instead of cutting, you can sketch things out.  Want to create appliques for a room-decorating project?  No problem.  It can really do very intricate work.

Setup was ridiculously easy, and there is an included DVD that tells you all you need to know.  While you get the most versatility if you use the computer with it, you can opt to load images/shapes off a card instead.  The machine is wide enough to accept a wide variety of media - the 12"" cutting mat gives you plenty of space to work with.  It works pretty quickly too.

So yeah, sorry if I'm gushing.  I'm just very appreciative of tools that allow normal folks to get results that even 10 years ago you'd need professional equipment to accomplish.  It's that good.  Get one - you'll soon find lots of things to make with it."
I would defiantly recommend it to serious crafters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Much better than other cutters I've used and the included software is all you need to get started..
Lived up to all my expectations. In to use with endless possibilities!  It is a bit pricey but very much worth every cent.
"If you're on the fence about whether or not to invest in a computerized die cutter, this machine is for you. My wife saw one of these in action at a craft store while looking for someone to make wedding invitations for our daughter, watched the salesperson cut some items out and came home and told me about it. We looked online and bought immediately due to Amazon's price and shipping costs. The machine arrived as expected and we were able to quickly get it up and running. It is simply amazing- if you can draw a shape or find a graphic of any kind, this machine can cut it out of standard paper, cardstock, vinyl letter backing, etc.. My wife was involved in a charity walk at her office and wanted to make some team visors with rhinestones. We bought a starter kit and were able to cut the pattern with the Cameo and rhinestone the visors with no issues. Highly recommend if you are scrapbooking, making invitations, etc."
"I first want to start off my review with some important info: I am the least crafty person you will ever meet. I find all kinds of craft ideas around the internet, and I have tried a bunch of them, but they never turn out!
When I had the opportunity to try out the Silhouette Cameo I figured surely with the machine doing all the work, I can finally make a craft project that will look great (I would even settle for good!)
While waiting for the machine to arrive I searched for project ideas that were specific to the Cameo. I saw a lot of projects for scrapbooking and card making, but that has never appealed to me much. Then, I found vinyl projects and got super excited! I love all the possibilities. You can put vinyl on most everything. I especially love the idea of decorating drinking cups and tumblers for gifts.
I went to the dollar store to find some things I could practice putting vinyl on, and found several glass candle holders. I wanted to make a thank-you gift for a friend, so decided to do my first project on one of the candle holders.
I then went to a craft store to get some vinyl. They only had a generic brand, so I bought a roll to use right away and went on Amazon to buy some vinyl for later. I also purchased some transfer tape so that I could transfer the vinyl from the mat to the candle holder.
I have watched many video tutorials online on how to cut vinyl with the Cameo, and they made it look so easy! Once my machine arrived I followed the instructions to get it set up and downloaded the software. All of which was very easy to do. When I opened the software I found myself overwhelmed by all the buttons and choices, so I watched the enclosed CD so I could figure out how to navigate around the program. I finally was able to figure out what to do to get my project ready to cut. I love that I could set the design to the dimensions I needed to make the vinyl fit on the space I had available on the candle holder.
I had no problems following the steps for cutting, but when I came to peeling the vinyl off I had a big mess. The candle holder I had gotten was 3"" x 3"" so I had tried to print out a 25 word quote to go on it, but the letters were way too small and the machine munched them up. I tried setting the blade to 2 and then 1, but it would not work. (I suspect that it is partially the fault of the cheaper vinyl I am using, so I am going to try again with the Silhouette vinyl I have coming.) I decided to change the wording to just 5 words at a bigger font and that worked much better. It did take me several tries to get it all to work out, but I now have a finished project that I love.
The sky is the limit on what you can do with this machine. Make sure and check out Pinterest for a ton of project ideas.

Edited to add: I was still having issues with the letters being munched up when cutting, and the machine started not cutting through the vinyl. I contacted Silhouette and they decided to send me a new blade. I didn't want to have to wait for the blade to arrive to do more projects so I bought another one at my local craft store. HUGE difference! Now my machine cuts everything perfectly. I definitely had a bad blade. If you get the machine and find you have cutting issues, contact Silhouette because it might be your blade."
"The Silhouette cutting machine is a simple plotter that can use a pen or a knife to draw on paper or score or cut paper or vinyl. It has many applications and its manufacturer, Silhouette America, has been releasing various introductory kits for these different applications such as fabric cutting, heat transfer, glass etching... This kit is a bundle of the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Cutter/dp/B007701HO4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Cutter</a>&nbsp;and the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Vinyl-Starter-Kit/dp/B005H3GEKA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Vinyl Starter Kit</a>, so if you're interested in the Vinyl Starter Kit this is usually a way of getting a discount on the set.

The vinyl starter kit contains some sample vinyl material, a small instruction booklet, a scraper, a hook tool, a CD with a short demonstration video, and a card with access to some downloadable designs. You can probably put together this stuff for less if you know what you're doing, but the nice thing with this kit like with all other Silhouette kits is that you can get familiar with all the supplies needed and the terminology, and then use your newly acquired expertise to shop for more later. I have a few other Silhouette kits and they're all very well done, I particularly enjoyed the glass etching one.

Now, the machine itself works great, but what really makes it shine is the software. First, kudos to Silhouette for releasing a Mac version with feature parity. Second, more kudos because the software is incredibly well done, simple and easy to use. The catch is that the free version that comes with the machine only lets you use designs that you purchase from the Silhouette store -- a little bit as if you were buying virtual cartridges for your Cricut. To really unleash your creativity and the potential of this machine, you have to purchase a key to unlock the ""Pro"" features of the software. This will let you use your own vector files, or cut files you can download from various web sites.

The only thing I don't like about the Silhouette is their sticky mats. They're very expensive and way too sticky; it's practically impossible to remove paper without damaging it. I checked various arts and crafts forums and found that it was a common complaint. Some people suggest making them less sticky by applying a T-shirt to them, but my favorite suggestion, which works great, is to use a plastic table mat from Dollar Tree (2 for $1) with spray adhesive -- so you can make it exactly as sticky as you want.

The Cameo is a great cutting machine, and its software is exceptionally well written. If you're interested in learning about vinyl cutting, this bundle is a no-brainer; if you're already familiar with the craft, pick another bundle, but in either case I give the Silhouette Cameo my highest recommendation, mostly because of the exceptional quality of its software. Great family fun!"
"Ease of Use:
I admit, I was a bit intimidated and slightly overwhelmed by the Cameo. Even after reading the manual I was left with questions unanswered. I had a bit of a rough time grasping some of the basics, like which speed and thickness of paper to cut at, etc. But, after watching tutorials and with much hands-on use this was short-lived.

What Can Cameo Do:
Better yet, what can't Cameo do? Possibilities are endless, skies the limit, what you dream you can achieve....you get the idea. It cuts vinyl, fabric, cardstock, etc. It sketches, etches, cuts images, makes cards, etc.

Does it Really Work?:
Yes, this thing cuts on a dime, perfectly precise, it amazes me!

A quick note on the kit:
The glitter is gorgeous and bonds beautifully to the adhesive with nearly no rub-off. The flocking is great for detail, to make designs dimensional.

What would I change?:
*When the machine cuts, I find it is a tad louder than expected -it's better when the lid is closed.
*Silhouette products aren't readily available, I can't seem to find them in my craft stores, online only.
*If you need to stop the Cameo while cutting the pause button is very slow to respond. I had set the blade depth wrong and damaged my mat because the Cameo was too slow to stop. So you'll need to be careful and certain of your cut before pressing the Cut button.

Bottom Line: Would I recommend it?
YES, wholeheartedly.
It may not be easy at first, but after a while you get use to it and then you'll wonder how you did without it. It really is amazing (and fun)."
"This Silhouette bundle has everything you need to get started with the Silhouette Cameo (and then some!)

Ease of Use:
I admit, I was intimidated and slightly overwhelmed by the Cameo. Even after reading the manual I was left with questions unanswered. I had a bit of a rough time grasping some of the basics, like which speed and thickness of paper to cut at, etc. But,  after watching tutorials and with much hands-on use this was short-lived.

What Can Cameo Do:
Better yet, what can't Cameo do? Possibilities are endless, skies the limit, what you dream you can achieve....you get the idea.  It cuts vinyl, fabric, cardstock, etc. It sketches, etches, cuts images, makes cards, etc.

Does it Really Work?:
Yes, this thing cuts on a dime, perfectly precise, it amazes me!

A quick note on the vinyl:
The vinyl and transfer paper was rolled tightly in a round tube, which made it somewhat difficult to remove from the tube. There also was a slight dye-lot difference in the green. The green vinyl pictured was a leaf green, the green I received was more of an avocado green.

What would I change?:
*When the machine cuts, I find it is a tad louder than expected -it's better when the lid is closed.
*Silhouette products aren't readily available, I can't seem to find them in my craft stores, online only.
*Also, if you need to stop the Cameo cutting, the pause button is very slow to respond. I had set the blade depth wrong and damaged my mat because the Cameo was too slow to stop. So you'll need to be careful and certain of your cut before pressing the Cut button.

Bottom Line: Would I recommend it?
YES, wholeheartedly.
It may not be easy at first, but after a while you get use to it and then you'll wonder how you did without it.  It really is amazing (and fun)."
"Oh how I love this machine!  I sold my Cricut to get this & am glad that I did.  I had used Sure Cuts A Lot 2 with my Cricut & liked that a lot, but when I had to get a new hard drive for my computer I couldn't get the driver to work & since Cricut took them to court to stop them from selling SCAL2 for Cricut, I was out of luck.

I decided the next best thing would probably be to use Cricut Studio.  Um, nope.  I hated it & that's when I decided that I was done with the Cricut!

The Silhouette cuts so much more cleanly that I'm amazed.  I cut an old SVG file that I have of a ticket & it has little numbers along the side that I didn't really pay any attention to.  The Cameo cut out those little bitty numbers perfectly - enough so that I could've used them (which was just the weeded out part) on a project if I had wanted to & they were smaller than 1/2 inch!  I was just so amazed because the Cricut would've torn the whole ticket up trying to cut those numbers out!

Anyway, if you really like using SVG files (or cut files) then this is the cutter for you!  You can buy many cut files for $.99 so many places which is way better than having to buy an expensive cartridge for just a few shapes that you like.

Another wonderful thing about the Cameo is the print & cut feature!  You can buy inexpensive digital embellishments, size them to fit your needs, print them out & then run them through the Cameo to cut them out!  That has been one of the things I've enjoyed the most - esp. when you can buy the digital embellishment packs for about the same price as the physical embellishment sheets of many of your favorite scrapbook companies & it's an endless supply!

The one thing I'm not wild about is how you have to adjust the blade depth.  You actually have to remove the blade housing to adjust the cutting depth.  However, it's not a deal breaker because I use a lot of the same types of paper & don't have to change it much.

If you're on the fence, I think you will really like it - I know I do!"
"Excelent, wonderful, no words to express the incredible things that I will do with my new machine, I love it at first sight."
"I love this machine, my creative energy runs wild. I have cut adhesive vinyl to make words for my walls, refrig, and mirrors. I have made vinyl stencils, cards, paper beads, ornaments, etched glass, and cut fabric (even felt). I make lots of items for my daughter's classroom.  I do not scrapbook but this would be a must for any scrapbooker or card maker... possibilities are limitless.

The designs are from software that allows you to alter the image almost anyway you want.  Bigger, smaller, cut in half and seperate. You can delete portions of an image you do not want. Duplicate cuttings are so easy! You can remove the blade and add pens for digital drawings. You can purchase images and fonts directly Silhoutte, a few come free with this kit with a $10.00 gift card to purchase more.  They also have new a free image every Tuesday that will go with a project from their blog.  They also post 1/2 price images for $.50 every Tuesday. You can download fonts from the internet for free and use with this machine or convert SVG images.

I get plenty of ideas, tips and tutorials from Pinterest and YouTube.  If I need help to perform a function chances are YouTube has a video to help.

Every creative person should have one!!! Highly recommend and loooove it!"
Love it!!!!! Does so much!!!!! Have people fixen buy one too!!!! It is so easy to use!!  Tons of fun!!!
It's a light and nice design and it does wonderful things with ny designs. I would like to know what other products does Silhouette offer.
I think this machine is worth its money.  I read all reviews on what cricut to buy and I kept reading that the silhouette is more cost effective.  What I did not read is how noisy it is.  Either I need some oil or it is just that loud.
"i must said, I only try this machine on vinyl sticker paper and certain types of fabric and it works excellent."
"Ok, so I am not a crafty person. I want to be, but I get easily intimidated by artsy projects. Then, I found the Silhouette Cameo. I read the reviews, checked out the other cutters out there, and decided that this was the machine for me. But....it was expensive. I had a hard time justifying spending hundreds of dollars on a machine that I had never used before and I was afraid that I would get it, hate it/get bored with it/be unable to use it and then it would sit in the closet collecting dust. Eventually I bit the bullet and bought it.
The bundled kit that I purchased was suppose to come with the sketching pens and an extra mat and blade, but those were missing. In their place I found an additional gift card, a dust cover for the Cameo, a hook and a spatula. So while I was bit bummed about the missing pens, the extras that I did get more then made up for it.
The first time I went to hook up and use the Cameo, it was a breeze. You just pop in the disk, load the software, and boom you are in business. I did have some issues finding the pre-loaded downloads in my library, but after a bit they showed up.
Now, the first project I attempted was an utter failure. The mat was sliding around all over the place so the image I was trying to cut out was all messed up. After that, I packed it all away, telling myself that I would try again ""later."" After a few weeks of it weighing on my mind (aka I just spent a lot of money on something that is now locked up in a closet gathering dust on its dust cover) I decided to try again. The first time I had tried using the Cameo on my desk, this time I moved everything to the dinning room table. I figured that maybe there was too much stuff behind the cutter and that was what was causing the issue. I must have been right because my second attempt was a dream! So was my third, fourth and fifth tries! Now I have actually relocated the Cameo to the closet in the dinning room so that I can easily grab and cut.
Some quick notes:
~Every week the silhouette website has a free design that you can add to your library. They also have tons of designs to purchase, and most are under a dollar. You can also create and load your own designs, which gives you a lot of freedom.
~While the cutter looks like a printer, it does not sound like a printer, so be prepared. Its not too loud, but its not whisper soft either.
~The software will tell you what level to set the blade...follow it.
~The kit comes with a basic tutorial video, but if you go online to YouTube you can find a lot more how-to videos that may be aimed more towards your project.

All in all, I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to start crafting/scrapbooking or a seasoned pro."
"Last year I got a Cricut Mini plus a couple of cartridges for Christmas.  Very fun but honestly I've hardly used it the past few months.  So i decided to early Christmas myself this year by getting the Silhouette Cameo.  Wow.  Just wow.

CRICUT MINI CONS
--It has to be hooked up to the Internet to be used
--You can only use images/fonts that come on the cartridges
--For the most part, the designs are too cutesy for my taste
--Cartridges are expensive, especially if you won't use many of the designs
--The error rate on cuts (ripping instead of cutting, eg) is high
--Online access can be glitchy

CRICUT MINI PROS
--Would be good for someone just starting out who wants to cut and go
--Cheap unit but not in the long run due to the cartridges--mine came from Costco with a bunch of accessories and included designs for $99
--Small footprint but that comes at a price--narrow cutting width

SILHOUETTE CAMEO PROS
--can use any font on my computer and cut it out (or write it although I've not tried that feature yet)
--I can scan one of my stamped images, import it into the program, and design a cut file--I may never have to fussy cut again
--The selection of online designs available from Silhouette as well as others is HUGE.  And cheap.  I've seen very few more than $.99.  It's like having the Dollar Store on your computer.  Dude!
--I can work with the Cameo without it being hooked up to my computer because it has an SD card slot
--Familiar tools and options as I work with Photoshop and Illustrator regularly.  Don't let that scare you tho--that's true in the more advanced features which you might never use.

SILHOUETTE CAMEO  CONS
--I hadn't realized the machine would be so big.  It's very light in weight but it cuts 12"" wide so the machine itself is wide.  A con for me as I have limited craft space.  Also a pro, however, because now I don't have to cut down my 12x12 paper
--You have to upgrade the software (retail $50 but can get cheaper for sure) in order to use what I would consider to be key features like ruler guides.  Very lame.
--I find the guides to help you load the mat hard to discern and figure out.  I've used my washi to help me in that dept.

Although I would love to toss out the Cricut to make more room in my craft space, I'll be keeping it for now so I can use the cartridges I do have or at least until I either figure out how to get the same images into my Cameo or give up on the idea altogether.  Probably the latter ;-)"
"I am disappointed in how the silhouette cuts.  On some of the finer lines or curves it will not give a clean cut but rather a ragged one.  I was so excited to get this machine because of all of the reviews, but now am not so sure that it is really better than the Cricut Expression.  I do like being able to pick out different cuts without having to have the cartridge.  In the end, however, whether you pay .99 for one design or $30 for a cartridge with 40 designs, the cost comes out the same."
"Bought this for my wife.  She absolutely loves it.  The software is easy to set up.  Downloading from the site is a breeze, and best of all cheap (most fonts, etc are only $0.99 which is better than paying $40 buck on a Cricut Cartridge that you only use a few things from)."
"For quite a while, I wanted to make vinyl decals, but needed a machine that could work with my own designs.  A lot of them only work with cartridges, but the Silhouette Cameo comes with Silhouette Studio software that allows me to create my own custom designs.  You can create directly in the program, or import image files to convert to cutting outlines (useful if you'd rather create it first in a drawing program, or if you already have an image you like that you want to convert).  If you're not as adventurous or need an image quickly, you can still get pre-made cutting patterns from Silhouette.

So far, I've only used this cutter on vinyl, but I know it also cuts paper and some fabrics.

I've been using it for about 10 months now, and I'm very happy with it."
I use my Silhouette all the time you have to get the hang of the cutting setting in the beginning but once you know how to work the settings your good to go. My only concern was about 3 months after I purchased my Cameo the power charger stopped working. I was so sad. But I contacted customer services and no questions asked they sent me a replacement. Great company!!!!! :)
I had the original silhouette and have been wanting to upgrade for a long time. I wish I had done it sooner! Love the newer one!
I use my Silhouette Cameo often.  There is so much you can do with it.  I recently made my own stencils from blank stencil sheets purchased from Hobby Lobby.  I have learned the wrong paper or the blade going bad can result in bad cuts.  I still use my metal dies with my Grand Caliber for the really detailed cuts.  I make cards and usually end up using both the Silhouette Cameo & the Grand Caliber.  There is a lot I want to explore with what this machine is capable of.
It is so versatile!  Having so much fun with it. It has so many possibilities and that is why I bought it iover the Cricut.
"Does every thing that I expected it to do. Instruction manual could be better only has basics.  There are many tutorials on line.
Under a Cherry Tree is a great help."
"I am having trouble with the rollers that  is suppose to hold everything down. It will start straight, but then start shifting around."
"loving the Silhouette,  is just as ordered.  It was a birthday present for my daughter and she is loving it."
Great starter kit and SO easy to set up & go! It's a must have for scrapbookers & card makers.
I love that I can hook it up to my lap top and use any font I want. I bought this mainly to do vinyl lettering for our business.
Seriously LOVE the Silhouette! I had the Cricut but just didn't use it as much as I would have liked because of the cost of each cartridge that I would have to buy for one little image I wanted! Once I found out about the Silhouette I sold my Cricut and purchased the Cameo! I have used it soooo  much and love the ease of it! So easy to use. Also love that they give you a FREE shape each week! Plus their shapes are not that expensive I love that I can buy exactly what I need for maybe $0.99 instead of a cartridge for $40 and not use hardly any of the images!! I will never go back to a Cricut!!!
I received this as a birthday gift. I find it easy to use and quiet when cutting. The machine is light weight and not  bulky at all. The lift off tool is also great. Now I'm spending my time looking through the online store.  Like the idea of buying only the cuts that you want to use.
"This was a fantastic machine. I like the software. Altho it was a little hard to learn it was similar to photoshop. One thing I noticed is that it doesn't have many keyboard shortcuts.

Now this is perfect for thinner stuff. Basically anything below 0.022"" chipboard. Double cut will cut the chipboard fine if you're cutting one line. But it struggles so on the second cut it's already misaligned, the board doesn't move at all from the mat (as I have been led to believe from internet blogs by taping the sides with painter's tape). It's just that the motor is not strong enough to move the blade through the chipboard, and I had my setting to 1 speed.

Also the Silhouette brand chipboards are 0.012"" thin. So they are like heavy cardstock. If you look around online people always talk about how it's so thin it's not like real chipboards.

I did try a vinyl transparent static cling and it was just amazing. I had a few test cuts adjusting the blade so that it only cuts the film and not the backing. It cuts perfectly, and it was print and cut! it cut exactly through the lines I wanted.

------- UPDATE few days later... --------------
Okay I returned my Silhouette Cameo and got the Sizzix. My review will be focusing on chipboard since that's what I need it for.

for reference 0.032"" chipboard is alot thicker than cereal box, 0.022"" chipboard (plain not white) can be compared to cereal box, altho cereal box is still more flimsy. The white ones are a little harder to cut because of the clay layer.

CAMEO w/ chipboard:
The cameo struggles at white chipboard at 0.022"" from Uline. You can't do a double cut because the second cut is misaligned ALWAYS. It's because the motor struggles to move across the chipboard. I had my speed setting at lowest and my board didn't move from the mat (so forget about blog suggestions of taping it to the mat...) I need to mention that it can cut 0.022"" chipboard but not cleanly and it's usually misaligned. forget using 0.032"" chipboard as it won't even get through to the back of the board. In fairness I did use the cameo on clear vinyl static cling and it cut it perfectly using print and cut.

SIZZIX w/ chipboard:
The sizzix cuts through chipboard much better, I wouldn't say like butter but it took only one pass at blade depth: 6 (max), speed: 1 (lowest). I was afraid it wouldnt cut all the way through because looking at the blade sticking out at level 6 it barely would go over the 0.032"" chipboard. But it did surprisingly, clean cut and the ENDS MEET! meaning I could do as many cuts as I want and the blade will go through the same exact tracks (unlike the cameo). The blade at depth 6 actually made marks on the cutting mat while I was cutting 0.032"" chipboard, they are very light and my guess is that the blades are barely making it past the chipboard so a 0.050"" chipboard would definitely not be usable."
"Debated between this and the other popular cutting machines.  Very pleased with this choice.  I've cut vinyl, butcher paper, various weights of card stock (including glitter and adhesive) and the cuts come out great.  The studio design software program tells you the blade setting for the type of paper you're using, and I've found it to be very accurate. -- just enough pressure to make clean cuts.  The Silhouette library of images available ($.99 each!) is pretty extensive, and the option to upload compatible files from other sources (standard like gif, jpg etc + .svg with the updated software) means unlimited access to images.

Nothing is perfect.  The only problems I've had is:  1) on lightweight paper (school-provided butcher paper, very flimsy) I would get some incomplete cuts in the corners on things like stars.  Wasn't consistent so not sure why happened.  Nothing an exacto couldn't fix.  2) 12x24 mat would sometimes rotate or come loose when cutting images near the bottom of the mat, even though the guides were where they should be.  Again, not consistent.  3). Forget about trying to find silhouette products in your hobby or craft store.  Not sure why they only sell the other brand but annoying.  However, ordered adhesive card stock direct from silhouette (they email discount offers regularly) and delivery was very fast. 4) you need to be comfortable with computer programs to get the most out of this machine right out of the box.  If you are familiar with manipulating images in Word or PowerPoint you'll do great as the commands are very similar.  If not, you'll need to spend some time on YouTube watching how-to videos for tips and tricks."
"I bought this recently, August 2013, and I've been using it weekly. My Cricut hasn't been used in nearly 2 years and I am seriously thinking of selling it and all the cartridges. I have created a lot of things on the Silhouette in the past month or so. Cards, dividers for planners, wall hangings, I've cut out things for stickers, made bookmarks.

I should mention that I'm using it with a MacBook Pro. I've had no issues at all installing or using any of the software and I like how it seems to be made for a Mac user.

The Silhouette studio is simple compared to the one that Cricut has. I've used that one before and never could get the hang of it, and I'm extremely computer literate. The Silhouette studio is laid out better and easier to use as you can see exactly where you are cutting and I like being able to create my own things.

I haven't used the stamp feature yet, but, I do have the stamp material and I can see myself creating stamps in the near future for both personal use and for gifts. I also have purchased the pens and I can see myself doing things with those for the holidays. I can see myself using vinyl to create things over the next few months as gifts and for personal use.

All in all it's a great machine. My family is impressed with all the features and things that I've created already. I've actually put it right on my desk, it takes up hardly any space and it's so light.

I do have to say that I purchased the upgraded version of the studio to the designer edition so I can see and create SVG's inside the studio. It was worth it to me since I plan on using it for years."
I love this product. I could not wait to get started. The ability to buy designs instantly on line is my favorite part. So many choices!
Really like this item - saves a ton of time from having to cut things out by hand.  Still need to get familiar with the software though as it can still leave some white edges when cutting around black items.  This does not look well for heat transfers on dark colored material.  Would recommend this item!
"This machine works very well, to bad my skills limit how much I am able to do with it. There is a large learning curve to use the Designer soft wear that can be purchased with it."
"I love the fact that I can use anything on my computer for my projects.  I own a CriCut, but I was limited to my cartridges.  I want to do some sign making, so it is more convenient to have all the fonts available on the computer.  I have not had much of a chance to work with my Silhouette yet, but everything so far has been good."
Purchased this as a means to starting up my small business!  Worth every penny!  The only problem I have had so far is the wheel that you adjust for using the cutting mat or vinyl roll is very hard to move.  Best investment I have ever made and I am surprised at how many different jobs this can do!
"I ordered this machine with the intention of using it to cut vinyl stencils.  I work with Oracal 651 and 631.  Using the settings provided by the manufacturer would not yield a clean cut.  Calling customer service, I was told they could offer no advise on vinyls other than the brand they sell.  I am not impressed with this unit at all.

Robert"
"Incredible!
After a bit of a learning curve and tinkering, my wife loves it! The software is just OK and we would really like to utilize Adobe InDesign or Illustrator. So, shes somewhat limited in her creativity with the software that comes with the unit."
"This machine makes sooooo many good stuffs. I use it for wall decal, arts, crafts, scarpbook... it's like endless good from this machine.

updated:
So I have basically stopped buying greeting cards and made my own. I saved so much money on it and I could personalize basically everything I make. I made my friends' heat transferred baby clothes (basically buy plain colored shirt and do heat transfer) and everyone loves it! I also made wall decal out of it and it came out so beautifully that my son loves to watch his wall everyday (he feels calm that way because he knows he's in his room by looking at the wall decal). I also made etched glasses for friends' wedding! It's a nice machine!"
"Got this for my girlfriend as a gift and she loves it. I have more thank you cards on my dest then I care to deal with.
I would recommend
 this to anyone who loves to do paper craft and card making."
"1. You get the most percentage off!!!!!
2. It does come with everything pictured even if they are not listed in the description.
  (The Silhouette Studio software program.)
3. Not only does it come with $10 for the online store, but the double sided starter kit comes with a few shapes, as well as the 50 or  so with the package."
"I purchased the Silhouette after reading about the limitations off the Cricut Expressions machine.  Before bashing the product, take the time to research and view youtube instructional videos.  The videos range from opening and installing the machine to importing jpegs and printing and cutting. You will have to view the videos several times and then execute the instructions several times before you achieve a reasonable comfort level. If you don't wish to learn a software application, then this machine is not for you.  However, I can find free images online, download and import into the software and cut away.  I've ordered two metal blade housings and blades for cutting at specific angles. It is a great product."
"SVG custom images, photos, etc.  Amazing machine and software that allows you to ""trace"" photos!!!  I use this for EVERYTHING! Tried the ECraft...was an awful machine. Not sure if it wasn't defective but the software alone wasn't worth it!  I am in love with my Cameo! Amazing machine and totally worth the extra few bucks over the cricut and ecraft!!"
"Got this for my wife a few months back.  Almost bought a cricut, but after comparing the products I decided to by the Silihouette.  Big feature is it does not use cartridges that are expensive."
"I didn't receive the second cutter the ad stated. I have attempted to contact them three times. I did contact them on two other occasions to ask technical questions and was impressed with their service. That was before I purchased this kit with the additional design software and pens. It could be mis- communications, unfortunately the only access I have to them is e-mail, a 800 # (which I'm not getting a response) or Amazon reviews. I have been looking at a kit for 2 days that I would love to explore. Since there is a ding on the top of the machine (should not affect performance and is barely noticeable) I will not download the software in case there are other problems that I will need to contact them for or return the product. If it is indeed mis-communications I will be happy to alter my review accordingly."
"I love my Silhouette!
My best work tool
Excellent quality.
Sounds perfect!
VERY POSITIVE EXPERIENCE!! A++
Highly recommended!
Thank you very much."
"I have cut about 10 projects so far and am really enjoying the Cameo. This was the first die cut machine I have purchased, and I have been very pleased by how much I can do with just what is provided in the bundle. What turned me away from the Cricut were all the packages you have to buy to create projects. While Design Studio is  probably worth the buy when it is on sale, there are enough workarounds available online that you do not have to buy it."
"Love this product. Have other die cutting machines, but this is so versatile.  Works with so many clip arts and pics online for free.  Fonts are unlimited."
Great product. Easy to learn how to use. Can turn any craft project into a fun one!! I already made 2 projects on the first night I got it. I can't wait to use it more! I recommend it to everyone who loves being crafy.
I've never even used a cutting machine but I've seen others use them and this was a breeze. It's easy to setup and the book was easy to follow. Also there are tons of places online to help you out. Definitely happy with this purchase!!
"Wider cutter is great. Newer projects are fun and effortless.
The accessories were so helpful to be included. Was able to start using right out of the box."
"I ordered this bundle based on what some fellow crafters had told me about it.  I had a Cricut and it was acting up so instead of trying to figure that out I went for it.

I am so happy I did.  I love that I can use my own fonts.  I'm still mastering the software but the machine cuts beautifully and as for the Cricut, collecting dust."
"In just two weeks, my 17-year old daughters and I have used this machine daily to make all kinds of cool stuff.  Monogram decals for them and their friends, huge stickers their cars (e.g., Carolina Girl), college team decals, decals for phone cases and laptops, and a privacy window film for the bathroom window over the tub. Can't wait to cut out fabric appliqus for my quilting as well as try heat transfer vinyl for t-shirts. Also want to try etching on glass. Did I say what an amazing machine this is?"
"My only regret was that I didn't purchase this sooner. This machine replaces the previous diecutting systems I've bought in the past. No more expensive cartridges or tiny plates. I love being able to cut the fonts on my computer, the illustrations I draw, and being able to control the exact size and shape of my images.  It also cuts vinyl, fabric, t-shirt transfers, temporary tattoos, and stamp material to make your own rubber stamps! I can't wait to see what new use they will come up with next."
"I use this product to make stencils which I attach to mirrors and then I sandblast the mirrors, to make designs and etchings"
"I like this a lot better than the cricut. I have been able to do lots of projects with my cameo. Only drawback is once in a blue moon it will cut all over the place instead of cutting my design but it cuts my projects more times then it messes them up. Plus, i may be needing to just get some canned air and blowing the gibblets out that may have gotten stuck in there after cutting things. All in all a great buy."
"I have worked with this thing, had another lady show me how to use hers, looked up u tubes and watched them and still it won't work.  Hate hate hate!  One isn't enough.  Then I call their customer service and get a message telling me to leave my phone number."
"Used this to cut fabric. Had to do some testing but after I figured out my process, it was perfect. Starched the fabric. Ironed freezer paper over the front larger than the fabric and adhered the fabric and paper to the mat. When the mat started to lose its stickiness I sprayed it with Mettler's Web Bond temporary adhesive spray. Worked beautifully."
It works great when cutting vinyl. For large shirt designs  you just have to do small adjustments. I highly recommend if your starting a small t-shirt business and are interested in using vinyl
"I could not be more pleased with the Cameo I ordered.  I highly recommend this product over the cricut machine. It is capable of more ntricate cuts and the library can be endless. HOWEVER, if you are not computer savy and do not want to take the time to learn the program, this machine is not for you.  If you want to unbox and make cuts that afternoon, you will be disappointed.  There are many You Tube tutorials out there to help you.  I love that you can pull clip art off the internet and turn them into cutting files too."
Love my cameo!  I waited and debated but I am so glad I chose this machine over the cricut machine.  Love the fact you can order individual shapes.  I have done vinyl and rhinestone items as well as cutting cards tick.  It's an a amazing tool.
"Great for labeling items, making cards and decorating.  Shipped fast & was just as described.  It takes some practice to learn how to operate it.  Hooray for YouTube!"
My wonderful husband got this for me for my birthday.  I had been looking at it for a couple of months and love the versatility of the cut files.  I also have the Cricut and have such a hard time paying so much for cartridges. Silhouette allows you to cut your current fonts and other digital files that you already have on your computer.  It's easy to use and so fun!  So glad I got this.  I've already used it more than I've used my Cricut.
Fun machine. Good bundle for the money! Cuts perfectly for print and cut. Software is lacking but I use another type of software..
"Very easy to use, I went ahead and ordered an assorted pack of vinyl so I could get started right away and I am absolutely addicted now! This kit has everything you need and then some!"
"Am very glad the bundle came with two mats - after some trials...ruined the first mat - wasn't very wise to adjust the blade incorrectly.  Also liked the 10.00 gift card - was able to download, setup, and order product from their main website.  Customer service was super helpful.  Machine is easy to work.  Wish it showed a visual of ""thickness of paper"" instead of the ""weight"".  Great Purchase - am getting a lot of use out of it!"
My cameo has exceeded all my expectations. I have even designed a few of my own cut files. I had no idea all the things I could do with this machine but have had great fun playing. Only reason I didn't give it a 6 is nothing is perfect. Only had to call once for support and the. Error was in something I pinched wrong. Great product.
Best toy ever!  Will be very well used by my family for years.  All types of great things and online files so easy to buy and download
I love this product! It's so much better than the circut that you have to buy cartridges for!!!! I would highly recommend!
"This is the first die cut kind of machine in that I have ever purchased.  I love that it hooks up to my computer, that I can use any font with it, and I can design my own shapes to cut.  It cuts paper and very stiff felt great.  I just wish it cut regular felt more easily."
"I could only give this one star .. not because of the actual product... but because of the way Amazon is representing it.  A few days before I had actually placed the order there was an Item Under Review announcement regarding this product.  I kept checking daily and a couple days later  if it seemed to  have been rectified from what I could see . It was no longer under review so I placed my order.
When I received it I was super excited .. only to be very disappointed once I opened the box and saw that FOUR items were not in the box.  The extra mat, the extra cutting blade, the metallic pen set AND the pick me up tool were not enclosed.
I went online to contact customer service and noticed that the Item Under Review announcement was AGAIN coming up under this product.
I spoke to a representative at customer service who said that I was definitely not the only one that had this problem with this product. It really is frustrating thinking that a problem has been resolved and once you get your item it obviously is still a problem.
I don't think this bundle package should ever be available for sale direct from Amazon because it seems that the customers will never receive this exact bundle.  So please .. do your customers a favor and DO NOT attempt to have this exact product available.

*****  This is an addendum to the above review.  I am in awe and amazement at how wonderful Amazon is in rectifying the above issue.  I spoke with a awesome representative the other day who helped me out and I am one very happy customer.  Thank you Amazon for standing by your products and ensuring your customer's happiness quickly and efficiently!  ******"
"I bought this to make things for my wedding. I had never heard of papers cutters until googling for options. The cameo was so easy to use I ended up using it for more items than I planned! A single blade and cutting sheet lasted through 200 programs, 200 seating cards, and 20 table numbers."
I love my silhouette! It changed my life! I recommend the product and the seller! No doubt about it! Not so easy to learn... but practicing is nice.
"I purchased this because i need make stencils from my own clip art. It does exactly what i wanted, once i figured out the mechanics of loading and unloading the media. I'm looking forward to experimenting with the machine and cutting out clipart in layers."
"I love the Cameo, it is easy to use. Anyone can use just follow the direction and you are on your way."
I scrapbook and make greeting cards. This machine will be very helpful. There are tons of different shapes to choose from at the Silhouette America shop. The Cameo is expensive but will pay for itself in the long run.
"This is the tool I use most in my scrapbooking!  It is easy to use, and I am enjoying new techniques every day!  Check out the many youtube videos featuring the Silhouette Cameo!"
Love this cutter very much.  It is easy to use.  Get professional finishes. I Recommend it to every creative crafter!
I absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter. It came quickly so I could start being creative not long after I ordered it.
I have had great success in making favors and cards.  The on line users manual is great for answering questions.  I used to go to the paper store and do die cuts.  I love the way the silhouette connects to my computer and you can size and change almost any design to get just what you want.
"Came with everything it said. Shipping was fast. Everything is in working condition. Easy to start using right away. Overall, very happy with purchase"
"The machine is great, but mine was missing a piece on the inside where you line up your mat.  It still functions with out it though.  Also, I wish the directions & video went in to a little more detail.  I had yo look up You Tube videos for further direction."
I love my new cameo! I have already made a bunch of things with it. I have a ton of ideas for gift giving!
I just absolutely love the cutter! The software that comes with it is easy to understand and use. The cutter cuts from very delicate to big designs without any hiccups. I read reviews before I bought this machine and I am so happy I went with it. I am having a blast making cards and signs. Now onto cutting vinyl!!
"I have owned my Cameo for over 6 months now, and I can't find a single bad thing to say about it!  The amount of projects and ideas you can create with this machine are absolutely endless.  You will never regret this investment!"
"The only reason why I would give this 3 stars is that ...

The cutting blade is weakest of them all. The older model cutting blade is better. Aside from that I love the new machine because I can cut longer and wider projects , the bundle kit of 2 blade is a must .

Thank goodness I still have the older model. I will keep it as a backup"
"This piece of equipment does so many things I haven't even touched on yet.  It is well designed and the layout is mostly intuitive to the user.  However,  the software program that comes with takes some getting used to but the shear number of wonderful Youtube videos are a great source of education.  I recommend that the buyer take your time watch some videos, play with the software and then jump in with both feet."
"We had a Cricut Expression before, but I was often frustrated with the limited patterns I could use with each cartridge, and the lack of ability to truly personalize a design. We ended up selling the Expression, and after a lot of wheedling and wife-reasoning (y'all know what I'm talking about - when you approach your spouse with charts and emperical evidence and whatnot that the item you're desiring is actually going to be a good purchase). When I finally caught my husband is when I fully pointed out the ability to make 100% custom designs with vinyl, which is exactly what he was trying to figure out how to do, with the least amount of effort (timing is truly everything when winning a wife reasoning battle).

We've been using it to cut vinyl templates for concrete staining right now. The ability to truly create and cut his own designs has turned my husband into a kid in a candy shop. We've been able to customize fonts, pictures, and anything else you can imagine, and easily cut them out to transfer to our surfaces on the vinyl. I've been able to make custom favors and decorations for my handmade items, and also been able to use the pens to create awesome designs on Kraft bags for packaging purposes. I haven't played with the fabric cutting or screenprinting, yet, but that's something that is definitely on my wishlist. My new big excitement is the kit to make acrylic stamps! Custom acrylic stamps! CAN IT GET ANY BETTER?? (I actually bet it can).

So - in short, this is a machine that everyone in my house LOVES, including my husband, who thinks that things like this are gimmicky and lame. It's definitely made the $250 worth it, and has paid us back already in spades with the quality and versatility. I seriously, 100% recommend this to anyone who does any manner of crafting. Trust me. You will not regret it."
"Love the Cameo.  Takes a little time to figure out how to do certain things as far as all the options in Design Studio, but overall a great die cut machine."
There is a vinyl starter pack in the picture that is not included in the order. I was very disappointed! I don't understand why they would include it in the bundle picture if they weren't going to include it in the order!
Using it for cutting out pepakura to build halo helmets. It is working awesome. we are happy with it.  :D
"This machine is awesome! Although it is a bit hard to use at the beginning. That would be my only issue, but with time and practice I know this machine is going to be great. It is a bit loud which makes you think it's breaking but it's not. lol. The order came as promised with all of the mentioned items. Excellent shipping, so much faster than I thought! Thank you!"
"Package arrived on time.  The software CD and the ""how to"" CD did not work. I contacted Silhouette Customer Service.  The first time they were able to give me the location online to download the software needed to run the Silhouette.  However, I had other issues with set up and called them back.  Had to leave a message and when they called me back, the woman on the other line was very impatient and acted annoyed at having to walk me through my issues. Once issues were resolved, the vinyl cutter has worked beautifully.  Hope the customer service problem was a fluke because I am looking forward to making a lot of wonderful projects with my cutter and hope to have their cooperation when issues pop up."
"I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine, read all kinds of reviews and expected a few faults. However, it runs exactly as it's advertised. My husband and I are both artists, and we've been trying all kinds of things with it. It cuts out even the smallest details that I would struggle to draw.

The cutting mat does leave a sticky outline on the material when it's cut. This can be easily rubbed off. I also flip all the images horizontally before cutting. And place the surface of the material I want face down on the cutting mat. Once it's been cut, the side that was touching the cutting mat always looks better and cleaner."
"I am writing a bad review because the ""bundle"" is missing pieces. I do not want to return the whole thing but I am annoyed and feel like this is false advertising :("
While this machine can be very finicky I do love it.  Sometimes it has a mind of its own. It can work fine one day and the next day it's off. I've wasted lots of paper myself as others had said. I don't particular like the Silhouettes mats and use the Circuit mats instead. There are a number of companies that make 12 by 12 mats. You don't have to use Silhouette. I double cut almost everything unless it's super light. I've never had a problem with the double cut not lining up. The machine is not great on cutting really small intricate designs. They usually rip.  Using the trace function I made lots and lots of stencils from  images which come on a CD (Dover publications). I also use the pen and marker holders (not made by Silhouette). The possibilities of what you can do with the machine are endless. So while it isn't perfect and acts up every now and then I love it and use it all the time.
"This Silhouette has so much more to offer than just scrapbooking needs. I use the Silhouette program to design invites, signs, templates. It has so many great features and is pretty user friendly. I don't really like the sketch pens though...I'm not sure if they were just dried out or don't work well in the metallic colors."
"This is a great product for the person with basic knowledge about computers.  We had a cricket, but the cartridges get costly fast.  The folks that make the cricket are also going after some of the software vendors that allow you to do more with your machine.  In my opinion, that's just not good business.  They are trying to protect their market share for the cartridges by treating their customers terribly.  The silhouette is a great alternative.

There are a few challenges.

1) It's loud and makes ""interesting"" noises when it is cutting.
2) It will sometimes move off the grid lines when cutting, however you can always reset and try again which typically works.
3) The amazon warehouse deals are great, but I would be wary of doing it with this order.  This comes with a lot of little parts that wear with use.  If they used it heavily, you might have to repurchase all new accessories which negates the savings, however Amazon is always great about taking the returns."
I also have a Cricut Expression that I have now retired.  The Cricut could not cut the intricate patterns that I need for my projects.  The Cameo is a fast and accurate machine.
"This isn't so much about the Silhouette Cameo as it is about Amazon.  This product I ordered, the Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter, is supposed to include two mats, two cutting blades, and a metallic pen set.  The kit shipped had one mat, one blade, and a scraper and pick up tool not listed with the kit I purchased.  The price of the tools included which should not have been were $6.99 and $3.99.  The costs of the missing items were $6.99, $12.99, and $14.99.  I am returning this, and will reorder but check your purchase carefully.  This is the second time I have ordered a more expensive item from Amazon and been sent something of lower quality/cost in the past 3 months.

If I receive the proper item, I will reevaluate my feedback.  I was really looking forward to using this today, and will now have to return it and wait for my reshipped item.  What a pain.

UPDATE:  Well, today I received my re-order after returning my first order. The first time I received the Tool Kit Bundle, which had fewer items included than in the bundle I ordered. This new order has even LESS in it! This one is going back too and I am going to order this from an competitor. There is no way to make sure they ship you the correct product. Both items I received were labeled Bundle Kit, even though they each contain very different things. It's a crap-shoot as to whether or not you get what you order. That's it for me. : (

UPDATE:  Clearly I have no luck whatsoever. As stated above, my second order from Amazon was also wrong, and returned, so I went to Ebay and ordered it from a seller there. She charged $30 more than Amazon, but I assumed she had the exact item in hand and would ship it so I would get what I wanted with no further problem. Well... wait for it... she charged me $30 more than Amazon and then turned around and ordered it for me from Amazon! She had it sent to me as a ""gift."" And, to make this even better, I received yet again the WRONG item.  This person has sold 9 of these at $30 over the Amazon price, with Amazon sending them with free shipping, and she now has 2 more listed at $40 over the Amazon price; her ""fee"" I guess, for placing your order.

Being a glutton for punishment, I see Amazon is in the process of addressing the inventory mess up, and recommends that people purchase this through one of their other sellers. I contacted the listed seller, who assures me he has the exact machine and that, even though it's marked fulfilled by Amazon, it will come from his warehouse and be the correct bundle. Wish me luck! If this one is wrong, too, I will never be purchasing this item. Tempted to report the Ebay seller to Amazon because she is clearly violating their terms of service..."
"I love this machine! I had to look online to figure out I hadn't chosen the correct way to load the mat. Once I figured that out, the rest was a breeze. It is very light and quiet but cuts tight and intricate shapes. I was a bit disappointed that the mats only come one to a pack and are kind of expensive, but they last for a long time. The blade has been fine so far-also a bit disappointing the whole blade assembly has to be replaced, not just the blade. I haven't had time to play too much with the software that comes with it-it works great with Sure Cuts A Lot 3 though. All in all I am very impressed and happy with this machine."
"Oh my gosh, I pondered over buying this machine for a long time, but am I ever glad I did.  This machine does way more than I expected it to do.  Although I am a painter at heart I use this machine many times for enlarging, reducing of size and adding and subtracting  things I do or don't want in my pattern.  I would highly recommend this machine to anyone who is even thinking they might want one.  Even my husband uses it for his woodworking projects.  I did upgrade to the designer addition and it is well worth doing if you like to change things around."
"After purchasing another die cut machine (see Cricut Expression 2 review), I am now the proud owner of a Silhouette Cameo! I was able to take this item out of the box, install the software on my computer and begin cutting in about 20 minutes. Beautiful!

Cutting mat is sticky, but not so sticky that items cannot be removed. Typing with my true type fonts and cutting out large letters (for my classroom bulletin boards) was a BREEZE!  I look forward to exploring the software that is included in the package to create and cut my own designs as well. No cartridges, ever!

While this machine needs a computer to work, I believe that is one tiny draw back for an amazing machine! This package comes with an additional blade and cutting mat, good to have on hand. The $10 gift card for the Silhouette site will allow me to pick up designs that I wold like, without purchasing $$cartridges with images I do not want.

Love love love it!"
"I received my machine on July 2, 2013.  I used it one time, after which, it began to smell like burning plastic or burning wires.  From that point forward it did not work and I could not even use the control panel to control the machine.  I called Silhouette and went back and forth with their Technical Support to try to ""trouble shoot"" the product.  Obviously, there was not a fix.  Finally, after several calls and emails it was determined that the machine should be replaced.  I was ready to return it to Amazon.com as their return process is quick and easy, but the Customer Service representative at Silhouette was adamant that I return the machine directly to them for a replacement.  I sent the machine on July 11th and they received it at their location on July 13th.  As of today, July 22nd, I have not received a replacement.  I've called Customer Service several times, but no one seems to be able to give me any information as they need to ""speak with Mr. X in shipping"" or ""follow up with Mr. Y in processing"".  Today, I am asking myself why I didn't send my return directly to Amazon.com and whether or not I even want this device."
This was a gift for my daughter she said she loves it!!!  She is very talented and I cant wait to see what creative things she does with it!
"A must have for any crafter! Fabric, vinyl, paper and more! Your creativity is really only limited by yourself not this tool! I love the freedom!"
"I never liked the cricut and only used it a handful of times after buying one.  I sold it because I hated the constant messing with the blade and it took me over 1 hour to finally get 5 letters for one word for my scrapbook.  Fast forward 7 years later and I have finally found my dream machine!  I read many reviews online and did my research before buying one.  I read many times over about the mat being too sticky and ripping the paper.  I was concerned with that.  I also read that the blade didn't cut right or was defective.  That also concerned me.  I figured that I would just plug it in and try it and see what happens.  I'm a daredevil like that;p, LOL!  It was so easy to add the software and buy what looked good online.  Easy download, easy figuration, could it really be that easy?  I hit the print and actually used 4 different kinds of paper on the 12x12 mat to see how it would turn out.  I was making a 1st birthday card for a friend's daughter for the next day.  I was kind of concerned since half the paper was a thinner paper than the cardstock on the bottom.  It turned out great!  I also bought another download for a birthday card for another birthday on the same day.  That one was easy peasy since it was only one piece, not 4 separate like the other.  I did some intricate work with words and did decide to slow down the machine from cutting so fast.  I liked being able to do that.  The paper I was working with was thinner than cardstock and I was concerned about it ripping.  It didn't rip!  I also got a little crazy and bought a 5x7 envelope template.  I mean, hey!  If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna go big.  I LOVED the envelope and how quick and easy it was to make.  I like being able to pick the color I want and have it look professional.  I've made envelopes in the past for my hand-made cards and it looks like my 6 yr old did it.  I have recently started to begin scrapbooking again since my youngest is almost 3 and I can find a minute to breathe.  I mainly wanted this machine for letters in all the different sizes for my scrapbook since I can NEVER find what I want.  I'm totally stoked about using this and getting exactly what I want in the sizes I want.  I think the option of putting almost anything that you want into your software and being able to print/cut it out it awesome.  Oh, the possibilities!  I know that there is a lot to learn, but I have been very pleasantly surprised by how easy and quick it was to use.  As far as my mat and blade go, I haven't had any problems. The mat seems sticky, but hasn't ripped anything at all.  I even took some intricate things off one handed and it still didn't rip.  If you've had your eye on one of these, you gotta get it.  You won't regret it!"
"From what she has told me, she loves it. Here are some reasons why...

1) You don't have to buy an whole pack/cartridge just to get that one or two images that you want
2) What you see on the screen is how it prints (cuts) out --- No more fiddling with alignment of paper and figuring out what will be cut

The only drawback I see, is that the machine is noisy... like it's broken or something. However, you get used to it over time but if you have never heard it before, it sounds like it is on its last leg.

Great machine..."
"I am enjoying my new Cameo so much.  It arrived quickly and was properly packaged.  The starter bundle was (at first) overwhelming, but after reading through the instructions and online blogs, I was ready to tackle my first projects.  By the end of the first day I had made adorable keychains, monograms for mason jars, and a few custom tumbler glasses for friends.  There is no limit to what you can do with the Cameo.  If you're considering making this purchase for fun or to earn extra money, you will be incredibly satisfied.
Pinterest, the Silhouette blog, and google searches will have an infinite amount of fun projects and the Silhouette Online Store has free shapes every week."
"I struggled with the decision to buy a cameo thinking, will I really use it much?  I embroider and bought the cameo because my embroidery edit program (BES 2) can link with silhouette's design studio and I can use it to cut my appliques.  BUT, I have used it for much much more.  I use it to make my own stencils (I painted a mega twister on large canvas dropcloth for my girl scout troop, made gator stencils to pain kids furniture for our school auction fundraiser and used to make stencils for art project at vacation bible school).  I have used to help kids with multiple projects.  We made fancy place cards for our church gala. My 8 year old daughter cut out all of the ""thank you"" tags for teacher appreciation gifts.  I made silhouettes of my childrens heads for dcor for the bathroom.

pros -
(1) super easy to learn and use
(2) I like that you edit on computer
(3) patterns are plentiful and affordable and that makes all the difference
(4) can cut vinyl, fabric and paper

cons -
(1) my mat lost the sticky fast.  make sure you have some spray glue or extra mat
that's all I can find after 6 months!"
"Happy with the plotter, although some practice is needed to get full satisfaction. Quality is very good and once you have it, you can endeavour many projects ( actually using the plotter for painting and marking many parts of my experimental airplane)"
"The only problem I have encountered so far is that one of the blades does not fit into the machine correctly, therefore it will not cut."
"I had a little trouble getting started on it and thought I had ruined my mat. After I worked with it a while, I figured out what I was doing wrong. The only negative comment I can possibly make is that when I put a page in less than 12x12, the mat is so sticky that it catches in the cutter and skids, thus distorts the image. Other than that, I love my Silhouette!!!!!"
"I like vinyl lettering on walls but don't want to pay those high prices. I sold my Cricut(very cheap) because it was so limited unless you want to spend a ton of $$. Been looking online and came across the Silhouette Cameo. Reviews were great and so was the price. I bought this bundle package and it is worth every penny. I looked at the Cameo at a near by craft store. It only came with the $10 gift card and it cost more. If you cut a lot of vinyl here is a little tip. Vinyl is costly so I bought black contact paper(18""x75'), on Amazon, and it works great. I repaint rooms about every three years and have vinyl lettering on them so now I won't feel guilty about taking off and putting up new phrases. I work at a school and the Cameo has come in very handy for students projects. I use it a lot for my scrapbooking projects, it makes thing fast and fun. Love the Silhouette Store too. So much to choose from and most designs cost 99 cents. This machine makes the Cricut Cutter obsolete. Hardly a day goes buy that I don't use it. It has more than paid for itself. I have done so many designs for people I can't even count. The projects and designs are endless. I did upgrade right away and am glad I did, that was worth it too. It is so fun to come up with my own designs. Thanks for a FUN, GREAT and AFFORDABLE product."
"this kit does not include any vinyl, heat transfer,  vinyl transer paper, or cardstock. Basically, it does not include anything to get you started. The rolls of vinyl and heat transer are approx $10 each per color/item.  It also comes with hardly any good designs and NO FONTS. So even though this seemed like a good price, I have spent over $150 more for the vinyls and the design files and fonts."
"I've wanted a Silhouette for years and am so thrilled with it!  It cuts beautifully, is easy to use and is so versatile cutting simple tags, intricate 3d shapes, complicated stencils, the list goes on.  There's an extensive range of patterns available online but you can easily create your own designs too.
I can see this becoming the most used tool in my crafting kit."
I asked my husband to buy this for me for Christmas. I absolutely love using it and I have made some really cute things with it. There are still many things it will do that I haven't even tried to do yet.
"I love the fact that I can use whatever font I want to and I can set up the entire project on screen so I can adjust to using scraps and odd sized papers.  Can easily do ""shadows"" for my fonts/graphics.  Purchasing shapes for literally every kind of project is inexpensive and easy - envelopes, cute shaped boxes, banners, etc.  SIMPLY AWESOME!"
I love my Silhouette Cameo. I bought the popular name brand first. I returned it and bought my Cameo. I am making stencils to use at my business. I love it.
"Machine splendor did not imagine this extravaganza

I like it very much

Accuracy in the inscription

silhouette I loved it so much"
"I only received this yesterday afternoon but have already completed three projects.  I am a normal ""jump in and learn"" type
and admit that I should have calmly sat down with a coffee and read the book, but you know what its like.  The instructional
DVD is very good, and only misses one point and that is when you feed the paper in, you need to feed it in, using making
sure that you center it properly on the white guides.  Its in the book (yup shamefaced)  Other than that it was easy to use.

I have already downloaded from SIlhouette Store, and today I am going to try importing my own graphics.  This is going to
save me sooooo much time, and opens doors as to what I can do with my creative juices......

Thank you Silhouette."
"This combo set was a great price. It has so many uses -- my sister and I both have one and are amazed at the amount of crafting you can do using it. It arrived safe-and-sound. I would also recommend the other small kits that Silhouette offers, as it will show you the different kinds of crafts you can do -- and be sure to check all of the Starter kits listed, as the prices differ ... Couldn't have bought this for a better price locally, and haven't had any issues with the machine. Have had lots of fun!!!!!!!!!! Would recommend upgrading the software to the studio version once you get going ...."
"I love this machine! It has a bit of a learning curve if you want to create your own designs, but it can be done. It works wonderfully with my Macintosh. There are a LOT of great tutorials out there and I'm discovering how versatile it is."
"Absolutely love this machine!!! It's capabilities compared to the Cricut are phenomenal. The print and cut feature especially. It's like having the E2 and the Imagine all in one machine. I also purchased the silhouette designer edition upgrade, which is awesome. Very easy to use!!!"
"Everytime i went to cut vinyl lettering which is all that i wanted it for, it chewed the paper up instead of creating letters."
I am having so much fun with my Cameo.  I am anxious to have more time to do bigger and better projects.
"I am so in love with this machine.  It is so easy to use and I love the online store. I used others tips regarding the stickiness of the cutting mat (it really is super sticky) and haven't had any issues. My only complaint is that I would rather have an actual manual in my hands than to look it up online, but that is just me."
"I love my Cameo. I had an older version, but when that unexpectedly broke, I opted to get this and never looked back. There are so many ways to use it and I recommend it to anyone who loves crafting!"
"I love my silhouette cameo, the machine makes a clean cut and is as easy to use, it was time to do nice work"
"If you have the Cricut Imagine but disappointed with its lack of functionality, You will love the Silhouette.  I was worried about getting from the Amazon Warehouse but came it absolutely brand new and works great!"
"I've just got my machine, haven't had the time to fully test it!!
So far I've done a few simple tests!
I was expecting a complete tutorial, for the sillouhete studio, I find it a liiiiittle tedious to look for it in youtube!
But far from that, the machine looks pretty good, very friendly, has worked perfectly, came really well packed and complete!!!

I really hope it doesn't dissapoint me!!! :)"
"I just printed return label. After few days of trials to get the results I am able to get from older Graphtec Product. Craft robo Pro. The new software files are not compatible with any other graphtec files. The old .gsd format was replaced by proprietary formats not compatible with any other Graphtec Software. The most amazing is that Silhuette studio, and Craft Robo new Studio regardless of very similar look and designed by same programmers are producing output files in their own format not compatible with each other and anything else. The old Software allowed for customization of perforated cuts. I used the perforated cuts (0.5"" cut with 0.015"" spaces in between) to keep paper together during the cutting. Paper pieces were never dislocated during cutting. Using Craft Robo Pro (few years) I never ever (after first trial) used the backing mats with adhesive on it. Another piece of cover paper below cutted piece (sandwich) without any glue etc. was sufficient to keep everything together and protect the tip of the blade.  With this ""Cameo"" product there is no way to avoid the time and money consuming adhesive sheets. If I want ever use bigger or smaller cutter to cut same designs I have to design even identical files from scratch for each cutter.
The Manufacturer refused to supply the old software so I could make the product usable for ""my style of cutting"" ... so.... I just printed the return label. God riddance of the S-crap product. Few years back when I bought Craft Robo Pro I was thinking that the only reason I should not buy another Graphtec Product is their Customer support. Quite in my opinion ignorant about their own products. Today when I explained that the ""perforated cut set up"" in Cameo can not be edited I was asked to send them copy of my file. Whoever answered my e-mail clearly has no clue about the product he is trying to support."
I JUST LOVE IT!!! i don't know why i hesitated to order it. Does not compare to the Cricut Expression. Cuts are so clean and without tearing. SIMPLY THE BEST!!!!! Very Happy.
"One of my best-buys ever! This is a must-have for scrapbook making, card making and other arts&crafts work. It totally saved me from doing thing manually. It needs a bit of getting-to-know with the software and the machine but once youve mastered it... its as easy as pushing the button and hitting cut only ;p Ill recommend it to a friend."
"I've been using it for 4 months. If ever there is a fire in my house, I'm rescuing my Cameo, my dog, and my husband, in that order."
I was going back and forth on a whole bunch of different cutting products and LOVE this silhouette cameo!  You can make your own designs on their software and either send it to your printer or the silhouette.  We did a combination of print and cut for our wedding invitations and they turned out beautifully.  It is capable of making very detailed cuts and the sticky paper works well for a while.  Only complaint is lining it up the same way every time can prove difficult and may lead to miscuts.
"I had the Cricut, and this machine blew it out of the water.  Something that would take me 2 hours on the Cricut, took me 10 minutes on this machine. It's so easy to use, and their products are as easy as shopping on the iTunes Store.  I love that no cartridges are needed and you can chose to import your own design, pick one off the Internet, or purchase one.

I absolutely love this machine!"
"In the hands of an expert, I suppose this machine can have endless possibilities.  However... if you are expecting something as user friendly as the CriCut, don't waste your money. I received this as a birthday gift (after hinting for a couple of months), and was so excited to get started.  However, I found the instructions and tutorials confusing and overwhelming. And  my #1 frustration is the stinkin' cutting mat is SO sticky, that it rips even heavy cardstock! I have been sorely disappointed.  I wish there was a 'real person' who would hold classes on mastering even the simple points of this machine."
"After reading every single tutorial, review and blog post I could find about the Cameo cutting felt, I felt very confident that this machine would fit the bill perfectly. I did read a few reviews that the Cameo was finicky, and preferred only certain colors of felt. OK, I could work around that.

When I received my machine, I only had black felt on hand... so ran it through on the deepest cut and double cut and voila! I quickly had 18 precisely cut shapes. Then I went crazy and bought 10 more colors of felt, and did a test run in each color. Out of 10 colors (not including black), only ONE color felt cut cleaning (some not at all -- the blade only ""scratched"" the design into the felt). And I had made sure to buy felt that was as thin as my original black. Undefeated, next I picked up samples of the thinnest, highest quality felt I could find. Disaster, again.

I went from being giddy with dreaming of endless possibilities to angry that I spent $250 for something I cannot use at all. I have no interest in using it for paper cutting. And now tonight, I just tried cutting 18 more black shapes. NOT a single one cut out. I have troubleshooted to no end. The blade still cuts black, but it in no way cuts cleanly enough to make it worth the price. Oh and my original cutting mat was ripped to shreds after about 5 uses. I've tried cutting less than 50 small shapes, so haven't nearly dulled the blade yet.

Am going to try sending it back."
"Silhouette Cameo is a fantastic multi-use cutting machine for all it does.
There are so many different crafts and cards that you can make with it.
You can print out your project then put it back in the silhouette and cut out the
project you just made.  It's great!!!!!!"
"I have received it and have not got to connect it yet, I am very excited about it. It was a gift from a great group of folks."
It cuts beautifully! I'm a beginner crafter and its perrrrrrfect!!! You can buy designs from the silhouette Studio Store or make your own cut outs from images.
I received this as a gift for my birthday.  I have spent a week trying to learn how to use it.  Right now I don't consider it user friendly.  Maybe after I get start using it my opinion may change.  The price is very high for what it does.  I was so surprised to receive this gift because I knew it was expensive.  I am sure glad my Mother loves me that much.  I will get started with a few projects and we will see how it goes.
"Highly recommended.. awesome price.. signed up for amazon card and got 50 bucks off of that too and free shipping!

But the product.. wow- am blown away of how accurate it cuts images and how accurate it cuts printed images!!!

God bless you!"
Love all the possibilities you can do with it. So far I've had one situation where it wouldn't read my registration marks. I didn't know why but I figured it out. One other thing the software makes my computer run hot and freeze up a bit. I notice it doing that once I start purchasing images. Other than that I like the product. One other note use really good cardstock for your cuts....to get really good cuts. Other wise it tears it. The type of paper you use doses make a difference. It's the paper not the machine.
"I am using it for templates to emboss my pottery. The cuts are perfect and you can import images from the internet and add to your projects, easy and free of pain. A friend has another brand that you have to buy cartridges but i new I could not do so because the price for each piece would increase too much. I wish I had discovered it a long time ago."
"Since I received the Cameo i haven't been able to get away from it.  So many great things to do with it, i don't know where to begin. Have cut fabric, card stock, shrinky dink material, and regular paper.  Thanks for a great product and the price with all the extras was a huge plus. I would recommend this to anyone for its user friendly approach. See you soon for more products."
"Update Post: 4 stars

The cable finally arrived and I was able to make the machine cut for the first time. It was a real delight to see and hear the machine moving around making cuts here and there.
I'm impressed by the software, so far it has been as I was expecting and I'm very pleased with it.

====================
Original Post: 1 star
I bought this device because it looks impressive and attractive. I was very excited when it arrived and I'm sure if it worked I could do wonderful things with it, but out of the box, it wouldn't turn on, believe me I tried all the plugs in my house, it just wouldn't turn on.

I did a vast search online and I found some other people complaining in other forums about not only my problem but some others, like the blades not cutting or cutting too much or the sticky mat.

I called customer service two weeks ago and they said they would send me a power cable which I haven't received, still waiting, I will have to contact them again.

If I don't get it to work I'm either going to send it back or apply the warranty.

It really looks like a cool printer but if it doesn't work....

Anyway, I'm very disappointed."
"Purchased the Silhouette after comparing the different cutters out there. As a teacher, I'm always looking for ways to spice up bulletin boards and this fits the bill.
Pros:
(1) I do not have to purchase expensive cartridges for that one design I need.
(2) Free downloads! I have collected all of them!
(3) Ability to to take a design and tweeking it to fit my purpose.
(4) Being able to work on the design on the computer, transfer it to a SD card to upload to the cutter.
(5) Flexibility of design uses - I purchased it planning on cutting paper only. So far, I've cut paper, chipboard, vinyl, and felt! Thought I would only use it for die cutting. Wrong! Great for personalized cards, mirror decorations, etc.
(6) Ability to use other mats with the machine.

Cons:
(1) I have to test cut each time; doesn't seem like the mat goes into the machine far enough.
(2) Designs do not store on your hard drive, you can only download them twice. I use a desktop and laptop for my ""design studio"" and being limited to the two downloads makes me cautious, especially as my desktop is 10+ years old.

I would, and have, recommended this to many friends, especially as they admire my boards at school!"
I use this to cut contact paper to make spray paint mirrors and it works amazingly. I also use it to cut paper to scrapbook and its fantastic. Definitely recommend it.
I LOVE this machine!!! I bought a cricut and sold it. The Silhouette is so much more user friendly!!! ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!!
"This machine is great! i use it alll the time! However, do not bother to buy the other products from this company- i have bought adhesive vinyl from several different companies and the silhouette brand is the WORST!!! it is cheap, rips easily and is not worth the amount you are asked to pay. I have also had a hard time with the heat transfer. it will not stick to anything! bad, bad.... BUT i do love the Cameo. This is something that i would recommend to anyone interested in this type of machine. very versatile and easy to use."
"I am a first time crafter/hobbyist and this is my first machine of this kind.  I started investigating these cutting machines as I was interested in creating some ""goody bags"" for a church project.  I initially indicated to my husband that I wanted a Cricut for my anniversary gift.  However, after doing a little research, I changed and requested a Silhouette Cameo instead.  While I was  a little nervous - worried that it would be too complicated, that it required some kind of artistic genius, etc. - I am so happy that I went this route.  It works beautifully.  I've had none of the problems with too-stick mats, not sticky enough mats, blades that don't work, etc.  I have been having great fun experimenting with different kinds of paper, vinyl and felt and doing all kinds of different designs.  I've even created designs of my own - my primary reason for going with the Silhouette instead of the Cricut.

It's great, and this hobby is a real stress-buster for me.  I am sure that I will be enjoying this for many years to come. I'm already planning on getting some of the other starter kits - enjoying it just so much!  I highly recommend to any hobbyist."
I am so glad cricut support is so lousy and i became angry enough to purchase my cameo silouette...it is AWESOME....it does so much more than a cricut....i am having so much fun and the things i can make now are endless...
"Amazon service was outstanding as usual. Three days from placing order to delivery to my door, you can't beat that, and a great machine too. Instructions could be better, but go on YouTube and watch others videos and it all comes together. Does a great job and my wife is very pleased."
"Great Machine! The Software is OK though... The cutter is great! The user interface is easy. As a graphic designer using Adobe Illustrator, I feel the Silhouette software is ok, it would be much better. Looking forward to updates with improvements."
It took me awhile to get it unpackaged and actually use it (was in the process of moving home and business) but finally got it opened when I needed to print our business hours for our front door.  I cannot wait to get more done in my home for decor and to finish my tasks at work with this.  It is easy to use and much better (for me) than the cricut that limits my imagination to their little cartridges.
"I was a tool ""hoarder"" but since I have purchased the
Cameo, I am a tool user. I also have the Portrait, the small cricut,
the Cricut  Expression.
Fantastic tool.  I am still learning the tricks to
using it, but so far, it's wonderful."
I love this product.  I am able to make all sorts of things and it has been very helpful with school projects. I would recommend it to others.
"it's awesome.  I love it! I know there's a lot more it can do, but i'm still learning and already it's been a great asset!"
"I have a Cricut, but I love the Silhouette! Although I still learning how to use the software, this has been a great investment. The order arrived before expected and in excellent condition."
"Item as described, fast shipping. Everything was packed neatly and just followed the instructions to install. Took a while to install but that's just one time. Overall it works great! Would recommend."
"Love my electric cutter, I'm very happy with it for the price, I love what I have been able to make with it so!"
"I received the product today, It took 3 business days to arrive which is fast for me. I haven't use the product yet, but I'm pretty sure I won't have a problem about how it works. Maybe I give feedback about that later. I'm rating right now for awesome fast shipping, and that It came with exactly everything as it appears on the image. I gave only 4 stars because the gold sketch pen tip is bent. I obviously noticed that when I opened the product. Anyway, I was about to send it back or check if there's something I can do about it, but it might be more expensive to send it back and receive another one, so I think I better buy another gold sketch pen. The original box was little damaged, but the content was in perfect conditions so its not a problem."
Just what I needed to get started! I haven't had the need to expand beyond these items for my projects. They have helped me tremendously and work like a charm.
"I'm not really sure why I went so long without an electronic cutting tool because the Silhouette Cameo is wonderful!  I was a little nervous about my purchase at first because I've only used manual cutting tools in the past (Sizzix Big Shot) so I wasn't sure how hard it would be to make the transition.  I have to admit, I watched quite a few videos on You Tube to learn how to use the machine before it even arrived.  I'm glad I did watch the videos because as soon as the Cameo arrived I was able to take it out of the box, remove the internal tape and foam (which I knew about because of the videos) and use the software to start cutting right away.  I think the reason it took me so long to buy an electronic cutting tool is because I only really knew about the Cricut and didn't want to be stuck buying different cartridges all the time or be limited to just the designs I had already purchased.  The beauty of the Silhouette Cameo is that all the files are digital so you can purchase them on the spot from Silhouette or the numerous other websites that sell compatible files.  You can also import your own .jpeg files to cut anything you want.  For example, I decided I wanted to make a card for my husband yesterday.  I simply used Google images and searched for ""Superman logo"", saved the picture I wanted, imported into the Silhouette Studio software and told it to cut!  It worked perfectly and my husband was totally impressed when I gave him the card.  I also imported a .jpeg of a baby onsie that I had been cutting out by hand for a baby shower I am hosting.  I duplicated the image four times and voila it cut four onsies out in the time it would take me to do one!  I should also mention that I purchased the software upgrade to Silhouette Studio Designer Edition because I wanted to be able to import .svg files since some websites out there use that format and provide free designs everyday.  I bought the tool kit bundle so it came with an extra cutting mat, another extra long cutting mat for larger projects, a spatula (which has proved to be absolutely necessary to pry things off the ultra sticky mat), and the scraper (which helps A LOT to remove the leftover bits of stuff you don't care to save).  Again, in my opinion, the spatula tool is an absolute necessity because getting your pretty designs off the sticky cutting mat takes some practice and skill to avoid ripping and the spatula makes it that much easier. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase but I give it four stars instead of five because removing the designs from the sticky pad without damaging them is a bit of a challenge and does waste some time that you save by having the machine cut stuff out for you."
this is by far the best crafting tool on the market at least as far as I'm aware. I absolutely love it.
"I was a Cricut fan for years and thought Cricut was the best thing out there until I got this... I still think Cricut is a fantastic product but the possibilities for the Cameo are so much more. I haven't gotten to play with it nearly as much as I'd like but so far it's met all my expectations and more. The print and cut feature is awesome and I can't wait to come across a project to use it more! The Silhouette Cameo needs a computer to function and most things need time to set and design in the program but the program is very easy to learn in my opinion. I highly recommend it for a more serious crafter. For beginners or crafters not good on a computer to find another cutter, like the Cricut."
"I debated for months on purchasing this machine. I finally ordered this Silhouette Bundle and I couldn't be happier. I don't see how PC can continue to sell their cutters with the Silhouette on the market. It seems when they made this machine they took all the complaints made about the Cricut into consideration.

It cuts beautifully. The software is so easy to use.  I love the fact that I don't need cartridges. If I do want to purchase an image I only have to buy THAT image.  Not an expensive cartridge full of things I'd never use.  And the webiste for purchasing/downloading is easy to use.

If you are like me and have been considering this machine  - I advise you to get it NOW.  I am very happy with mine."
"My son bought my Cameo for me for mother's day this year, and it's just fantastic.  I love all that the software can do, and the quality of the cuts it turns out.  I haven't had it mess up a cut on me yet.  Really happy with this purchase."
"The cameo is the most versatile cutter I own.  I have a Cricut, a Revolution, and an Expression.  This is far more versatile than the Provocraft products."
"My wife bought it, she liked it a lot. She is still learning, but iris not so difficult to use"
Still learning about all the features but I love what it has done for me so far.  Looking forward to playing with all the features!!!!
"The reason for choosing this machine over the other one with the cartridges is that you don't need expensive cartridges that take up room on your shelves. If you need a design you can purchase a design on line or you can create your own design.  I realized as I use this machine when I create 4-8 cards at a time, the card stock paper did not adhere well to the mat...from constant use of course, and the blade would tear the paper...even the high quality card stock paper. Scrapping the small pieces of card stock off of the mat may help but not always.  I also discovered that I would need to replace the blade more often than I expected in order to cut the more intricate designs. I now only use this machine when I don't have a certain shape punch or die design when I create 1-8 cards at a time. If I need 1-5 pages of funny heart shapes, cloud shapes, not so intricate shapes...this machine works best for me. I realize that this machine works differently for each user. I'm still happy I purchased it and will continue to use and purchase their products.  The customer service for Silhouette Cameo is wonderful.  I usually email my issue and they get back to me right away."
"The setup for 64bit Win7 OS is a bit clugy (took me about 20 minutes to figure it out after doing a google search)... but once you have the drivers/software installed, this is absolutely the most awesome die cutting machine I have ever used, bar none, and I have had quite a few (including a Cricut).  The software interface is pretty intuitive, and I was able to cut my first shape in about two minutes (without looking at the instructions!).  The cuts on this machine are clean and precise.

There are several things IMHO that make this machine the creme de la creme of die cutting machines:
1) Ease of use.
2) Clean/precise cuts.
3) The ability to download any shape you want out of 36k + choices... and you can do it in the middle of the night, and not have to run out to a store and buy a cartridge (with a bunch of shapes you will never use) or a die cut.  The shapes/sayings are just a click away.
4) The variety of shapes on the Silhouette online store are amazing.
5) The ability to use the fonts on your computer, weld them together, resize them, make the possibilities endless.

I plan on using the 3x4 and 4x6 cards you can download from the online store to add some pizazz to my Project Life scrapbooks.  I am also a card maker, and the cutout cards are amazing.  You can't go wrong with this... absolutely LOVE IT!"
"Instead of heading to the pros to cut special order items, I can simply tinker a bit and get it done on my own.  Already saved more time and money than this little baby costs!

A little buggy with Mac's and images with multiple vectors, but able to fix that with some tinkering."
"International buyers beware.  If you are buying from overseas and using a freight forwarding warehouse, you need to know the dimensions stated on the product description are not accurate and are in fact 8 times the volume of what is stated.  Instead of being 21"" x 5.5"" x 6"", the dimensions are 24"" x 16.5"" x 13.5"".  I have wasted a lot of time and energy trying to get this repackaged to the stated size in the hopes that it can be shipped onwards, but the extra $300+ I would have to pay to ship to New Zealand will nearly double the cost of the product.  It's not worth it.

I cannot comment on the quality of the product, but the product description is incorrect."
I really enjoy this die cut system.  Very good service. I enjoy this system more than the Cricut die cut system.
"Works well.  A bit loud as it works but does a great job cutting once you calibrate for your material.  The included software is relatively easy to use, though there is a small learning curve in terms of making sure you are making cuts or perforations on different cut lines.  Overall I'm happy with the functionality at the price point."
I really am enjoying it. I am glad I purchased it there is a learning curve but it will bring me much joy
"We use this for graphics of all kinds on all different surfaces.  On the adhesive back elements, getting it onto transfer paper is kind of tricky.  Overall it cuts really well with intricate details.  The reviews don't lie, easy to use and produces great elements."
"I have a Cricut Expression & SCAL2 (which you can no longer purchase from them, but if you have a Cricut & can find it on E-bay or Amazon, GET IT!!!) and the possibilities are endless. I use that more than any of my cartridges. I received the Cameo for my birthday & I don't know if I will bother keeping it. I cannot find any licensed images, such as Disney, for the Cameo. Those are usually the cartridges that I will buy for my Cricut. I was unimpressed by the Silhouette library. So I went to my favorite site for svg files which I use with my Cricut all the time! Well svg is not compatible with the cameo, so strike number 2!!! When I saw how much my husband paid for this thing I feel sick to my stomach!

I have had my Cricut for several years & I don't know how long it will last, I worry that I should keep the cameo as a backup. As of now, I don't think the cameo is worth the cost. I am going to attempt to compare actually cutting quality. I suppose if I make something with the Silhouette Studio that I can somehow transfer it to SCAL2 or Cricut design to make the cut on my Cricut. I will post a follow-up if I can. I don't see a spot to post pics right now, but will try.

BTW, to people that waste money on mats... the VERY awesome & VERY cheap trick is to use a 2 way gluepen on the entire mat. When you let it dry it becomes a temporary bond (dry bond) it should say that right on it. I use CM brand or Zig. I wish I had seen that years ago! Zig makes one with a larger chisel tip that is the easiest to use.

UPDATE (same day) Very disappointed to find that I cannot use the studio file in any other program. I thought I could save it as another file type, but apparently can only save it as .studio type. It is also VERY loud & sounded like it was broken, looking up more info it seems this is normal, wow! It was very annoying to me & I use my cricut at night usually when my daughter is sleeping in the next room, I am worried this wretched noise will wake her. Also, having to take out the entire blade housing to change the blade depth, how annoying. I am so used to my Cricut & I find this thing just annoying to use, limited, more complicated than it should be, I do not like the software either. In SCAL2 you press the scissors icon & then confirm your model type (which is annoying already) but this thing you have to send image to cameo then go through all the stupid settings. I guess you have more control over them, but geez, I don't have time as it is to scrapbook & this thing takes forever just to cut one thing! Of course as I peeled my cut it ripped because the new mat is sticky. I suppose I would be happier if I did not have my Cricut to compare. I read so many reviews where people loved the cameo more than the Cricut, I wonder what the heak they use it for then?!? Because I am NOT seeing what they see!

Another UPDATE, I am going to upgrade to the studio designer so that I can import svg files, makes it worth it. I still feel sick over the cost of this thing. My cricut was way cheaper & I only get cartridges on sale. I haven't had to buy many though because SCAL2 was the best program, It is unfortunate they cannot produce it anymore."
"I previously owned a Cricut and only used it for 2 projects.  It was not very user friendly and the cartridges were very pricey.  So I was a bit apprehensive about investing in another digital cutting machine.

I read lots of reviews and saw numerous tutorials and blogs with info. about the Silhouette.  I must say this is a wonderful machine. The reviews were accurate.  I love the fact that it commuincates with my computer.  I can use the fonts and art that is already on my computer.  The downloads for additional artwork or fonts are really cheap and even free at several places on the web.  The project possibilities are endless.  I work full time and have kids, so I don't have as much time as I would like to have to play with it. But this machine is awesome!!!!!!!

My first project was a glass with vinyl monogram on it.  It turned out great. It was easy and the person I gave it to, offered to pay me to make others for gifts for her."
if you love the freedom of creating your own design pick this instead of a cricut. It's an awesome machine cuts really well and the software is really easy to play with. you get free shapes and design too evey week! how awesome is that?
I love my new silhouette! Great price and they shipped it speedy quick! The bundle is the best way yo go to get lots of goodies that will help you get started using your new silhouette.
"I give the cutter a 5 rating, but the software needs a revamp. I had trouble with it even though I upgraded to the $$$version.
What happens is this. The software works fine up until you go to the Cut section. There is when the computer slows down to a
crawl.  I emailed them about this and I tried what they told me, but nothing has worked. I will expect my upgrade $$$ back soon.
Sure cuts a lot 3 is harder to learn, but once that is over it is a beauty.
My Cameo and SCAL3 are made to match."
No complaints it did what it advertised it would do and we like it. I have only used it three or four times. But it has worked well for those times. My wife couldn't set it up herself she had to have me (her husband) set it up. Setting up the driver and the software was a little difficult for her. With my help we got it figured out and it works well.
"I absolutely love this product! Amaaazing! The software is so easy to use. It cuts fine. The only con is if using the thin patterned paper, it curls up when taking off the mat. That makes it difficult to use for scraps."
"I ordered the Cricut Expression and before it was delivered had changed my mind and wanted the Silhouette Cameo.  I am so thrilled with this machine.  The  possibilities are only limited to one's creativity.  There are two major reasons I decided on the Camero  and it has have lived up to the expectations.  I  have downloaded images from Google in jpg format.  From there have extracted what portion of the image I wanted and have print and cut it - NO CHARGE!  Cricut cannot do this function. Secondly, I did not want to have to buy a cartridge for $40.00 have to physically store it and maybe only use one or two images from that cartridge.  With this machine you can go and buy single images or get them from jpgs.  The catch with this machine is it does not operate without a computer.  Although, anyone could learn to use the application, some knowledge of software makes the learning curve much smaller and cuts down on the frustration.  I definitely recommend this machine. I also want to acknowledge how Amazon Customer Service for the wonderful job they do.  I rarely shop anywhere else due to  how easy Amazon makes shopping."
This tool is very complex in nature but once you invest the time to learn the possibilities are truly endless. Oh & the tools are essential to use machine. I have learned so much from watching youtube. Do wish it came with it's own instructional dvds.
I love this item. I have made items for my baby's room and for around my home with it. LOVE IT
It is so much fun to be able to create cards scrapbook pages or embellishments with the cameo silhouette gets the creative juices flowing.
"This product is really good but at the same time you need to take a course in college to understand how to use, they should give you a few free courses at the nearest college community in your area."
This machine was a little tricky to use at first.  It was easier to understand after watching some of the YouTube tutorials and getting advice from people that are more experienced on it.  It has already saved me money by giving me the ability to cut my own Military Unit emblems for glass etching.  It also came in handy for my son's school project.  No more late night trips to buy vinyl  letters when I can make my own and only the letters that are needed.  I am not stuck with a bunch of random letters that I may or may not ever use.  I expect to get my money out of this!
"I'm a former Cricut user & I definitely don't regret switching!  I purchased this bundle & the pens were metallic rather than the ones pictured, but that's a non issue for me, just an FYI.  I was up & running within just a few minutes. I love the print & cut feature! The Cameo is capable of cutting very intricate shapes with no issues.  The possibilities are truly endless with this machine!  One of the best parts is being released from cartridges & a bunch of (expensive) images/cuts that I'll never use.

I had read that the software wasn't compatible with Kodak printers, this isn't so. I have a Kodak Hero 9.1 (wireless) & haven't had any issues with compatibility.  Also, I've heard others that have had issues have simply connected the printer via USB & that solved their problems. If your afraid your printer won't work, you can go to the Silhouette website & download the software for free, then try it out, you don't need the actual cutter to do this.

I would definitely recommend this bundle to anyone, I'm very pleased!"
"I can't even tell you how excited I was to receive my cameo in the mail. I followed the set up directions exactly step by step... I loaded the cutting mat perfectly. I chose my blade setting and was ready to make my first cut. It was a nightmare... NOTHING cut perfectly. It would take me 10 tries to get one word/shape to cut correctly. Talk about a waste of paper. The only paper that I could find that had the best results was the cheapest thinnest card stock I could find, not my extensive collection of quality colorful textured cardstock. Major dissapointment. Sent it back within a month... Maybe I'll try a newer model some day."
I love this machine. It can do so much and you have so much fun. I look forward to learning everything about it. Very easy to use.
I have owned a Provocraft Cricut for many years.  I like it - but I love this Silhouette Cameo.  The real magic is in the software.  It was a surprise but I am enjoying working with it in ways I never thought were possible.  If you are on the fence - get this machine!!!
"Love this machine!  Cuts cleanly and precisely...even the smallest of designs!  Love the fact that I can make my own designs rather than purchase cartridges, and that you can tweak designs so easily...making them smaller or larger etc.  LOVE how it cuts fonts!!!  That is probably my favorite thing about it."
"I had a smaller CraftRobo from years ago (essentially the same machine) and decided to upgrade. Love it! I've cut many things already and could not be more pleased. I also love that with the ""designer"" upgrade to the software I can cut a variety of types of files, and how very easy the trace feature is for printing and cutting!"
I LOVE my Sillouette Cameo. It is all that I thought it would be and more. The number of possibilities is endless. I would recommend it to everyone.
"I did lots of review researches and weighed all pros and cons. I'm very happy with my Silhouette Cameo! Most of the very few people that leave bad reviews mush have either gotten a defective product or just haven't learned how to properly use it yet. I've had mine for a few weeks now and have used it several times with many different materials and it has worked great! When I did have problems with cutting or whatever, I simply look up a solution or do trial and error and it works like it's supposed to. You just have to learn all the different setting for different materials, etc."
"This cutter is amazing with what it's able to do.
  I have found though, that the manual provided by the company is very poorly written, and lacks so much specific information that could help people. I think people without a lot of computer experience would be very frustrated with the manual. That said, there are a lot of files on youtube, and there are blogs to join, including Silhouette's own blog.
  I feel the settings to select the specific media you are using are not accurate or specific. A lot of the time. For example, while cutting a lightweight cardstock, and haven chosen that setting, the blade cut about 90% through the very-new mat I was using. Within a few additional uses of the mat, there were actual complete holes in the mat. When I wrote to Silhouette about this, they sent me a new, no-cost cutting mat.
  Recently I bought a sheet of glitter card stock, and using the recommended cutting settings, the cameo didn't cut all the way through it, causing me a LOT of time with an Xacto knife to finish cutting out the logo (by hand) I was making. Very disappointing because I had only purchased 1 sheet of the glitter stock because it was about $3, and it was 30 miles to get another.
  That it has the ability to cut advanced things you create on your own computer is the reason I purchased it. I could never see the benefit of buying a cutter that you had to buy a die for everything you wanted to cut. This ability to cut your own designs sort of makes up for the screwing around with the settings to correctly cut your media."
"I purchased the Silhouette Cameo as a tool for cutting vinyl signs, not so much for the crafty features. So far I have been pleased with the results. I have not had any difficulties with the system and I think it is a good value for the money."
"This cutter's software is a little difficult to manipulate at first but results are amazing.  Precise fine cuts, Extreme detail, and the only issue being that finding that perfect balance of blade depth.  Once it's dialed in it is one amazing and versatile piece of machinery."
"I love the cameo. It can do so much. Great response time, great cuts, and small for storage. Thank You!"
"Amazing!!!! I would highly recommend this product to anyone! Works greAt, best priced, so much better than any other cutting product. Makes tons of products!"
Bought this for my wife on Christmas and now she won't stop!!!! She's been going crazy making cards and a million other things. I have to admit though the products she makes using this machine are much more superior to the ones I've seen in stores already assembled. Plus it keeps her busy and happy and that's all I care about. Great product.
"I love my Silhouette Cameo!  I love that this kit came with an extra mat and an extra blade. I have been cutting for months and barely had to replace them, but it was nice to have that back up.  I'm not too fond of the pens, but I guess it's an interesting option for those that use them.

I like how you can totally customize your creations.  I have found so many templates online and created so many of my own.  I would say this is not for those that want to just plug and go like with a Cricut.  However, you can go to the store and get images for around $1.00.  I found some cute box templates made from one 8.5 x 11"" paper or 12 x 12' paper.  I made grad boxes for every table at my graduation celebration along with matching place cards for each table with each student's name on them.  I have created mats for picture frames, holiday cards, cut out vinyl to decorate glass, used vinyl to create my own stickers and templates for glass etching...  The possibilities on this are endless because there are so many customizable options.

I use Photoshop to edit my images and download free fonts because fonts are unlimited - whatever is on your computer is what you can use with the Cameo (unlike others where you must purchase another cartridge for another font!!)

This machine is a great investment.  I used the ability to make a perfect stencil to etch glass & sell my creations.  My Silhouette Cameo has paid for itself and GIFTED and DECORATED mine and my friends' and family's life!  I absolutely LOVE it and think it is well worth the investment!!!"
"This is the most frustrating piece of equipment I've ever had.
The sliding roller doesn't roll.
It's extremely noisy.
90% of the time it gives this message: ""Could not connect to the Silhouette.
I've turned it on and off, disconnected the cable, re-booted the computer,
etc., etc., to no avail.

I've wasted a large amount of vinyl and a lot of my time on a product
that is not working."
"So far, we are loving our silhouette cameo!
We have used it for vinyl, transfer paper, and scrapbook paper.  It is quite easy to operate, takes very little time to understand the basic techniques, and if there was/is a feature I want to use, but don't know how - I go to Youtube.  There are so many easy to follow videos on every feature of the silhouette.

Very happy with our purchase."
"So far this product is living up to all my expectations.  Used this at a weekend scrap and loved it.  Easy to use, and the fact that there are no expensive cartridges to buy makes it even better."
"Excelentt Excelentt!
I love it... i can't stop using the silohuette!!!
is the best!
My proyects can't be better :)"
Very nice machine. But at first use the mat is very sticky and my cuts would stick to the mat (cardstock) and didn't tear easily but overall it is an amazing machine.
Silhouette Cameo machine is a wonderful cute tool for diferentes types of media. The Silhouette Cameo is probably the most simple tool to get for starting a simple fab lab
I have been wanting one of these machines for months! I finally saw this awesome price for the starter kit and bought it! I have already used it so much and have cut out so much vinyl! It will definitely pay for itself soon enough!
I love this machine. Buy it. You'll like it too. I've been making extra money with it ever since I opened the box.
This product is so versatile I can't even list all the things it can do!  Definitely worth the money.  It has good customer support too.
"I love the Silhouette Cameo.  The package arrived right on time, with all accessories included. Easy set up, easy to use."
"The Silhouette cuts beautifully, so precise. I have had no problems with the cutting blades, and I've had mine for about a month and used it multiple times. I would definitely recommend this, especially over buy other brands of die cut machine that require purchasing cartridges. I love the design-it-yourself software, you can literally create whatever you need. And, as an added bonus, if you are not too creative as far as designing, you can still buy die cut designs from the silhouette store. But, you do not have to buy a whole set (like with a cartridge), you can just buy what you want and many of them are under a dollar (they also have a weekly freebie that changes every Tuesday)."
"I own an original Cricut and and Cricut Mini and this machine beats them hands down in EVERY way possible!  The cut quality is so much better than you could ever hope to get on a Cricut.  Provocraft has this tendency to sell very intricate shapes on some of their cartridges, and i've always questioned the reasoning behind that because their Cricut machines are incapable of cutting them!  Even cutting something as simple as a bracket tag with pointy edges is a chore on the Cricut.

However, the Silhouette Cameo produces beautiful cuts time after time (after a learning curve of course).  I can cut pointed bracket tags!  I can cut intricate shapes!  What's even better is that I can design and cut whatever my imagination comes up with!  No more expensive cartridges!

I must note that the blade that came with the machine was defective, but the second one I purchased worked fine.  I found the blades quite expensive so I went on eBay and purchased something called a CBO9 blade holder.  It works kind of like the cricut blade holder.  Instead of throwing the whole blade and housing away you just replace the blade.  The blade holder was about $20.00, and the replacement blades I buy come in packs of 10 for $20.00  The blades last a very long time too."
"I am very happy with the machine, it is exactly as described & works great.  I did have to wait for shipment due to snow; but, was given a $25.00 gift card for that problem.  The extra blade & pens were out of stock at the time, so I did have to wait longer on them.  That would have been fine; except, the pens in the pictures were colored glitter pens & I received metallic pens of gold, silver,etc. instead of the colored glitter pens.  This was somewhat disappointing.  Otherwise this was a great priced bundle."
"Very easy to use, and to setup up. The instructions are very clear and break it down (with a lil help of youtube). The OEM sutting software it comes with id decent but I upgraded to the MTC software for the silhouette and I LOVE IT!! Would recommend to anyone for smaller projects!"
Love love love my new machince and all the extras that came with it! Tip don't waste your gift card on fonts from the online store! Google downloadable fonts and you can choose from 1000s that can be installed safely onto your computer and save $2.99.
Great machine.  Far exceeds the other brands and so easy to use.  Really like the store where you can buy thousands of patterns at reasonable prices.  I would highly recommend the Silhouette to anyone!!
"The Silhouette is a sophisticated tool for working with decorative techniques, but with a tutorial video and simple instructions, I was cutting designs quickly after opening the box. I can see many possibilities for the Silhouette and I've already checked out their blog and website for more ideas.

Very pleased with Amazon's service and delivery as well."
"This cutter is so much fun!  I've used it a bunch already.  Be sure to test cut some items as the cutting guide is hard to use.  Some of the paper you purchase doesn't exactly tell you it's thickness, so you have to 'guess' and then either it cuts too deeply or not deep enough - so be sure to test cut a small piece (there is an actual 'test cut' on the software before you do an actual cut) so you don't waste a piece of paper!  The only issue I had was with the sticky cutting mat.  The first few times my paper stuck to it too well, and I had a hard time getting it off - ripping it on the edges (the spatula helped but not completely).  Overall I like it - I like that you get free patterns and that there are many to choose from on-line.  It's very easy to download them and once you master dividing the pieces (right clicking on the picture and choosing 'ungroup') so you can move certain pieces you don't want off onto another page (or different colored sheet) makes things much easier!"
"I love it and am so thrilled that I returned my Cricut Expression II for a Silhouette.  The Silhouette store is fabulous, and it's great being able to buy shapes one at a time for only $0.99.  The free shape of the week is a super nice touch!  Great purchase!"
With a little bit or work and reading this tool has turned into my best piece of equipment.  Very much worth price.
"Wow, any size font, all sorts of cool things to download at resonable pricing.  This is one amazing machine.  Puts the cicket to shame, far superior."
"I had some problems importing my own designs but I was able to figure it out. I think its more integrated with Adobe Illustrator but only if you have purchased the pro software upgrade CD. I don't plan on using this plotter for designs that are pre made, because I do my own so I will have to deal with it. The instructions don't really show you how to import and trace your own designs.  But from what I have seen it seems to be a decent plotter. This should get me by for now but later I plan to get a 24"" or 30"" plotter. I don't plan on keeping this in the long run. I'd consider it as designed more for scrapbooking and cutting paper rather than making signs with vinyl."
"The Silhouette Cameo is a home/personal cutting machine. It cuts paper, vinyl and fabric for craft projects. It's actually hard for me to review this item because I have an industrial laser cutter/engraver with a 36"" bed that we've retired from our business and I'm now using for my crafty projects and quilting. I bought the Cameo because firing up the laser is sometimes overkill for a small project.

So far, the Cameo only has a 60% success rate at my house, but that's because I've only used the machine about 10 times in the 3 weeks I've owned it. For some reason it has ""hiccupped"" on 4 occasions and mis-cut the files I've sent to it, ruining part of the mat in one instance and the cardstock the other three times because the cut lines didn't line up either with themselves (on the regular cut files) or with the printed image (for a print and cut file). The settings were correct for speed, depth and pressure and there was nothing jamming the head or clogging the blade. I never did figure out what was wrong with the print and cut problem and gave up until I have more time to troubleshoot, but the regular cut problem corrected itself after turning the machine off and back on.  The time the mat was damaged, the machine kept cutting the same image over and over and over until I hit the button to manually stop it (and, NO, the ""double cut"" box was not checked on my screen--it cut four times before I decided to manually stop it!).  Now I have part of a mustache-shaped hole cut out of the mat.

One of my biggest frustrations is the sticky cutting mat. De-sticky-fying it is a *must* before trying to use it because several times I've ripped the projects I've cut when I tried to take them off the mat. And trying to get tiny left-over pieces off is a lesson in patience if the project was an intricate one. You definitely need multiple mats so you can be cutting another project while you're trying to clean off bits and pieces from the first one.

And finally, the Studio Designer software is a bit clumsy, but again, I'm used to working with high-end graphics software(Adobe CS5.5 and CorelDraw X5) with my laser. People are using the software and creating some incredibly AMAZING projects.  I've posted a picture in the ""Customer Images"" section of what zoomed-in lines of Silhouette Studio Designer software looks like vs. Corel Draw X5 (the X5 images are also hairlines, but I could zoom in closer so they appear thicker).  Straight lines are no problem with the SSD software, but curved lines are pretty much a joke, and the machine cuts EXACTLY what the lines on screen look like.

Overall, I'm giving this 4 stars.  It beats the heck out of ""old fashioned"" dies or having to buy expensive PC cartridges.  The designers in the Silhouette Online Store have created some fabulous images that are well worth the price."
"its a great machine and the extras are nice and it came quicker than expected, im still learning all about it."
I love my Silhouette! This was my first machine ever like this and I don't know how I lived without it this whole time! I was a little hesitant at first because I have never owed any of the cutting machines and didn't know how to use it but its completely worth every penny! And very easy to learn how to operate! I get so many compliments on everything I do with it! Now I make all my own cards and so many ways to make gifts and crafts. Would definitely recommend this to anyone!
"Have a Cricut which I actually love BUT cartridges are so expensive, like idea of being cartridge free and could buy images that I wanted not complete cartridge so decided to purchase Silhouette. Arrived has virtually NO Instructions. Just says install design software then plug machine into computer NO other info. I've tried installing, uninstalling 4 different times now, on both desktop and laptop. Unsuccessful. So tried to call Silhouette customer service at 6:00 pm they are closed. Will try calling tomorrow, if unable to contact them will be boxing back up and returning. Will report back whether I can get any customer support or not. I've had the Cricut for 3 years and they have great phone customer support I've called them  for all kind of questions whether regarding cartridges, craftroom, software or hardware and they've always been very helpful, so I'm hoping when/if I'm able to get Silhouette on phone they will be as helpful.

Update: Spent about 1 hour on phone with tech support and they remoted in and got it working. However don't really like the machine. Seems cheaply made. Of course I'm comparing to Cricut. The software is mind boggling. I cant begin to imagine I will be able to figure it out. The mats are Too adhesive. I tried a regular piece of scrapbook paper and it tore while being removed. Did not have problem removing a piece of vinyl. I'm on the fence as to whether will keep or return. The ONLY reason I want to keep it is because of ability to purchase single images rather than cartridges for Cricut. I have the Cricut expression which is manually set. With Silhouette the machine can set the settings (except blade depth) when you pick type of material to be cut. But on Silhouette you have to remove the blade from the machine to adjust depth, whereas on Cricut you change blade depth whie blade is in Cricut.

I would say if money is really not a big issue, go with Cricut. Machine is better quality, Craftroom is extremely easy to work in and intuitive. Only concern cartridges are $30 to $40  each. Silhouette is poor quality. Software extremely complicated. Benefit, images are only about $1 each and you purchase only images you want.

Update: now that I'm using machine really liking it. I purchased the pillow box design and made 26 little boxes for party favors and I was blown away by what a great job it did it not only flawlessly cut out all the boxes but perfectly perforated so assembled with ease. Used cardstock and had no problem with mat being too sticky or not sticky enough. Then purchased rosette pattern and it worked just as well, scored all the lines so I was able to fold with no problems. I'm really starting to love this machine."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Kit-Bundle-Cutter/dp/B007R83VKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo Starter Kit Bundle Cutter</a>

I purchased this about a month ago.  I returned it after only having it for 2 days!
Why?  Well, first of all, I've had a Cricut Expression for years.  I bought the Cameo for the features Cricut does not have.  Namely--Print and Cut.  Also, because I no longer want to invest in cartridges.

The problem with the Cameo is the MATS!  They are too sticky.  I tried normal cardstock and the paper stuck so badly!  It was like GLUED to the mat.  To get the cardstock off the mat, I had to scrub it like a pan full of cooked on sugar.

The machine cut fine.
I contacted customer support.  This is their response.

 Please note that the mat should be conducive to most materials to hold them well enough during the cutting process and then release them afterward. We are aware that some materials may not perform as well and may have a more delicate nature to rip or tear upon attempted removal. As the mat is initial fairly sticky, you may wish to take the mat prior to initial use and ""relax"" it a bit by placing it on a surface that is not overly linty but which would allow the adhesive to be less aggressive (such as your jeans or denim material). However, even as such, some materials may simply be too delicate or fibrous. For example, we would not recommend the use of handmade papers or construction paper since such cannot be cut well since they are not dense enough for successful cutting, but also would leave behind quite a bit of material on the adhesive mat.

This is unacceptable.  I contacted them again and got the same answer.  I asked if they were going to do anything about the mats.  Nothing.  They did not even offer to replace my mats.

You cannot use this machine if the mats don't work for you.  So, buyer beware!

If I had assurances that the mats were fixed, I would buy again.  But this is too much money to spend on a product that essentially tears up your cardstock."
I am in love with my Silhouette Cameo. I have found so many uses for it and have had no problems with the machine. It's perfect!
"I love this machine. It takes imagination to a whole new level! You don't have to buy cartridges like the Cricut and the designs are cheap! You can also make your own designs and edit ones from the Sil store. I wish it would cut wirelessly though. That would make it perfect! Sometimes I'm working on the laptop upstairs and I have to go downstairs to cut. But so far, paper, vinyl, fabric.... Perfection! In love with it!"
"I have had to tear myself away from my Silhouette to get anything else done!  I've only used it for paper, card-stock and Vinyl but it has worked wonderfully!  There is a bit of a learning curve so be patient with it.  The set-up was simple.  Highly recomend it for crafting and home-decorating projects!"
"for my wife she loves it , works great now she is in the vinyl cuttin business, lol, turned my kitchen into a workshop. shes happy , so im happy.  so far so good."
It was purchased for my daughter who is an elementary school teacher.  It has been very handy in helping her to make letters for her bulletin boards.
"I was about the buy the expression 2 (i have the first version) but was very leary once i started reading all of the bad reviews on it so i ended up purchasing this machine.  I am so glad i did!  ive had it for about a month or two now and have already scrapped over 20 pages!  its so easy and it cuts so great!  a lot of times i had problems with my cricut ripping the paper when it would cut-especially small things but i am truly amazed at what this cuts and not once have i had to redo it!  It is a little noisy but no more than the cricut is and my 1yo sleeps through it just fine.  i love that i can just buy 1 or a few images off the website rather than spend 90$ on a cricut cartridge that i only needed a few things off of.  (which you still have to do with the expression 2 mind you!)  The thing i also love is that it uses the fonts from your computer and there are tons of free font sites you can download fonts off of to use, and once you start manipulating them in the program its endless!  I cant wait to get more experienced with it-it is a lot of fun!  there are endless crafting possibilities!"
"Bought this for my wife, and I ended up helping to make things because this is so much fun to work with.
Pros:
-IMHO this is the best cutter on the market
-Software (Silhouette Studio) is simple but powerful.
-Import from DXF and other generic formats, as well as dynamic trace over image files
-Easy print&cut wizard for running the paper through your printer first, adding registration marks, and then cutting the designs out
-Came with a $10 credit for their store, so you can buy templates other designers have made. We took advantage of it right away for a few $0.99 designs.

Cons:
-The knife presets window in Silhouette Studio could be a little more robust. You basically start with no presets, and need to wing it yourselves, and then remember to save your settings so you can refer to them later (settings for specific cardstock brands, etc)
- The kit I bought did not come with the spatula, which I recommend for peeling little pieces off of the tacky cutting mat (especially for brand new cutting mats which are extra sticky), but spatula is a little over priced. This kit should have come with spatula instead of that silly rhinestone setting pen which we have no plans to use."
"Easy to set up, easy to start using!  I have never used a die cut machine before and this machine was very easy to set up and to start using.  The machine is wonderful and I would highly recommend it.  I use it for use in our church for various Sunday School projects."
It is everything I thought it would be and more.  The software is great. I would recommend this over a Cricut to anyone. It this 20 words yet???
"if you work really hard you can learn to make decals shirts and tons tons tons of other stuff. its super simple to get up and running and a really good value. especially if your a beginner. ive made my money back since i go this machine about a month ago. i will only get better and with one of these machines you won't ever be broke people are always wanting something personalized. this is defiantly worth the value. I have used this on so many projects and not had to worry about changing the blade or the knife setting. its perfect. don't be a fool. if you got patience to sit and weed out graphics, you got a serious business ahead of you."
Do not waste your time with Cricut. I have owned 2. I bought the Imaging because I thought it would do what this does and print. It hasn't even worked right since I bought it in over a year and Provo will not stand behind it. I have done way more with this in the 2 weeks I've owened it than the year I had my Cricut and there's no expensive cartridges to buy. Most amaizing craft machine ever made. I can't say enough about it. totaly worth the money. I am totaly in love with this can't wait to try everything it can do.
"I bought this machine in December 2012 because I hoped it would give me more creative flexibility and at the same time be more cost effective than the two Cricuts I owned ( I sold them to buy the Cameo and never looked back!).  Not only were my expectations fully met, but as my knowledge of the machine/software increases, so does my enjoyment!  To fully experience the ability to use thousands of free cut files or create your own, an additional purchase of the Designer upgrade is necessary, but well worth it!  I find it very intuitive and user friendly,  although there is a learning curve (which may be steeper for those who have no or very little computer experience).
The Cameo uses your own printer for print-and-cut images (no additional inks to buy as in the Cricut Imagine), allows you to scan and import any image and convert it into a cut file.  No expensive cartridges to buy, ever!  Use any font you have on your computer or download additional ones from the internet. The various tools allow you to create your own designs, and manipulate, or change any image you may download free or purchase (most for 99) from the Silhouette store. I could go on.
Proper familiarization with the basic operation are key to an enjoyable first experience without frustration.  If you consider acquiring a Cameo, I would advise making full use of the many on-line video tutorials to help you understand and use this machine.
An amazing machine!  Glad I purchased it"
"If you are considering the Cricut think again. The Silhouette is much more versatile. I have yet to experience all it can do and am eager to learn more. The YouTube video tutorials are very good. I can lose a considerable amount of time being creative and making different things.

You have to get one!!"
"My Silhouette is great! It saves me a lot of time cutting things out by hand. I find Silhouette Studio a little complicated, but I think I just need to watch a tutorial. Cutter, mat, etc. work wonderfully for what I have figured out how to cut. I would recommend this starter bundle + I would recommend buying a Silhouette Spatula to help lift pieces off of the sticky mat."
"I'm a pepakura nut, I love to build replicas out of 110 weight card stock but I hate how it takes me 2 weeks to cut so many pages of small parts. I strongly recommend buying this machine to help cut your time by 80%!"
I love the silhouette.  It's very user friendly! There are all kinds of you tube videos on anything you want to know or do! Very happy!
"This machine is a dream to use.  I had previously bought the Cricut expression a couple of years ago and although I like it I wasn't happy that Provo Craft had made SCAL unavailable to use on it.  The Silhouette, although has a higher learning curve then the Cricut, is perfection in my book.  I create all the time in Photoshop and then cut them with the Silhouette.  This little baby has taken my papercrafting to a whole new level."
I am more than pleased with the Cameo.  It was so easy to use right out of the box.  I am always looking to find an excuse to use it on one of my projects.  I absolutely love the print and cut feature.  What a bonus!
This is the best product I have ever bought. I have never dealt with vinyl and this was simple to get started on! Awesome product!!!
I ordered this product on March 7th & it arrive at my house on March 8th. I couldn't believe how quick the delivery was & how easy the transaction was. The fun part will be me figuring out how to use it since I have never owned anything like this before. Thank you!
"Bought this and sold my Cricut 20th anniversary edition on craigslist.
Sooooo much better!!
Already made back half the difference selling my stuff to people!!"
"If you want to save time and money making custom cards, scrapbook pages, and other craft products, purchase this machine. The designs are inexpensive and vast which is much BETTER than using a Cricut."
Love it.  My first item that I was able to cut out was a bunch flip flops for an activity. The cameo did it flawlessly and I was so excited to show everyone how they turned out.
"I bought this to print and cut stickers... what looked like a simple task for this machine based on positive reviews and their website.
The software is great, I have few complaints there (except one day it decided to bring up runtime errors and needed to be reinstalled - no big deal).

The major problem is a design flaw of some kind that is hard to pinpoint.  I can print 5 of the exact same page of mini pictures to cut out for stickers - but maybe 2 out of 5 pages will cut correctly, and the others will be way off base and ruin the entire sheet wasting money on ink/media/time.

Sometimes I can see it happen - the little grippers that feed the cutting mat in and out slip and the sheet gets angled bad.  This I think is a huge design flaw.. the feed rollers are slick plastic and the cutting mat has slick plastic edges.. *duh* its going to slip.

Other times it will say the registration marks are successfully found and it will start cutting way off from the line..  I stop it..  reseat the sheet ,  re-read the calibration marks and it will pick a different yet off place to start cutting..  I can run the same sheet through 10 times and every time it will be slightly off the planned cut but completely different from the attempt before it... yet another copy of the same sheet will cut fine.  I've compared side by side what prints out.. they are exactly the same.. and yes I disabled my printer from stretching the photo.

Calibrating has done nothing to fix this above issue and I find it happens much more often on glossy surfaces.  I went through all the steps on Silhouette's site to problem solve with no luck.

My other gripe on this machine is that cheap cutting mat.. first sheet of paper I stuck to it never came off completely - after cutting 40 sheets on this thing there are remains from that first sheet that I cannot peel off.  Also, now after cutting ~40 sheets I have to tape sheets to it because the sticky backing doesnt stick enough for sheets to stay put while cutting.

40 sheets in (40 sheets with 6 rectangle cuts - nothing fancy) I have also noticed it doesn't cut as well as before.. blade already wearing out and I haven't even gotten any useful cuts from it yet?

All I want from this machine is the ability to accurately cut a rectangle.. for what it is capable of (intricate designs) it seems like a joke to advertise print/cut ability when the feature fails so bad.

I am going to return this product with great reluctance because I want it to work so bad since there is nothing else on the market that will meet my needs."
"I am, by far, the UNcraftiest person ever... i purchased the Cameo to try to make my own personalized cards, clothing and whatever else my little heart desires.  I have not been disappointed.  It cuts like a dream.  I have made thank you cards for my daughter's birthday and they look professional!  I made my daughter a rhinestone design on a t-shirt that turned out brilliantly.  I used the sketch pens to address the envelopes for the thank you cards and those looked beautiful.  My husband enjoys designing stencils to use to dye his discs for disc golf.  I, so far, have not found any cons about this product.  You don't have to be crafty to use it... TONS of ideas out there."
"Great product, great bundle, great price :)
Bit of a learning curve when you first use it but the more you cut the easier it gets :)"
"It took me months to finally decide if I wanted the Cameo or the Cricut machine. So happy that I got the Cameo the deciding factor was that there are no cartridge that I have to store or buy everything is just on the computer :-) I have not gotten into some of the more technical cuts such as 3-D so I don't know how that will work for card-making but I have used it for making stencils for my art and it works GREAT! The only thing I would suggestion is to definitely buy the Silhouette spatula it saved me! The program isn't to hard to learn, it took me a few tries to finally get the mat right but now I'm good as gold ! Custom care is a REAL person and you don't stay on hold for hours before talking to someone. Great Buy and if your thinking about which cutting machine to go with the CAMEO is the one...."
"This is an excellent item for the dedicated HOME scrapbooker!  It works great, can pretty much print/cut out any design!  Plus...the online store has literally TONS of stuff to choose from.  And with the nice giftcard you get with the purchase, it makes it easy to get started!  It also allows you to print your OWN designs...so, if you are creative, you don't have to necessarily use the store at all!"
"This is the first time I have owned a diecut machine. After comparing other brands and reading reviews from here and other sites, I made my decision to buy the Silhouette Cameo. The fact that you don't have to buy expensive cartridges was the number one reason for me. Downloading free images,clipart and fonts to my computer from a variety of websites was easy and convenient, no trips to the store everytime I want something new. The options are endless and the time and money I save are worth it.  Of course I did take advantage of the $10 gift card that came with my bundle. This machine also has the ability to not only cut but use pen markers (sold seperately), adding to the options for your scrapbooking and card making projects. Learning to adjust the cutting blade levels to the correct paper weight took a little trial and error.  The kit comes with 2 cutting mats which is helpful since I ruined one right off the bat because I didn't adjust the blade levels correctly. Light weight paper has a tendency to tear and stick in the beginning because the cutting mats are very sticky. But with continued use the cutting mat is easier to work with and you will have less problems with that,so Medium-heavy weight cardstock seems to work best. There is also a fabric blade available but I haven't tried that yet.  So far I am very happy with my Silhouette Cameo and I look forward to using it everytime I'm in the mood to be crafty. I hope this helps!"
"I originally purchased a Cricut.  Decided I hated the limitations it had such as the fact that you can only use Cricut designs & can't drawing your own.  I sent it back inside of a week and replaced it with the Silhouette Cameo.  This was the best craft purchase I ever made (outside of my too cool sewing machine).  I have had so much fun with it.  I create my own designs or purchase some from the Silhouette web site.  They're only $0.99 each.  I purchased the monthly membership so I actually get $150 worth of designs for $25 a month.  I've cut vinyl, card stock and even printable magnet paper.  I can't say enough about this machine.  I would recommend it to anyone that's looking for an awesome & affordable cutting machine.  Love it!!!"
"I almost had a heart attack when the box came arrived at work... it could barely fit in the front seat of my car when I took it home. I live in a little one-bedroom condo so you can imagine I was wondering ""what have I done"" and would I need to return it, etc etc. Anyway, after opening the box-within-a-box-within-a-box I found the cutest, light little machine you could imagine. Big relief. Six hours straight of cutting followed, which I had never done before and was in fact questioning this purchase before I started. Long story short: I'm addicted. The machine doesn't miss a beat.

The below comments are neither pros nor cons:
- It's fairly quiet but does upset my anxious dog when it first starts to cut. Gets quieter as it gets going
- It doesn't have a sensor to determine whether or not you actually inserted the mat, so just double check before you hit the cut button
- The mat is super sticky at first. I ruined 3 items because the paper I used was too light and wouldn't come off the mat. The advice I got on a cutting forum was to dab an old, clean t-shirt all over the mat. It will pick up the lint just enough to keep the mat from being overzealous. Adhesive cardstock in particular does not like being parted from the mat
- Did I mention it's cute?
- The included software is not intuitive. Read the tutorials before you end up frustrated. The erase button in particular is quite unpredictable and caused me many ""WTF"" moments. Once you get some practice, the software is fine. Definitely a learning curve though.
- Every cut it made was perfect. No issue here.
- Careful you don't set it to cut too deep as it will cut your little hearts, ice cream cones and pigs straight into the mat for you to cherish forever
- There are tons of designs on the online shop. And definitely get to know the trace functions inside and out. BUT there are quite a few cutting forums where you can download .studio files for free - totally awesome designs too, sometimes. I'm in awe of the talent pool out there that use this machine
- Start with simple projects. I began on a 6-layer frame and was quite discouraged at the result, which was not the machine's fault. I scaled things wrong, I forgot to put the mat in, cut the wrong colors. It's not a race...take your time, set everything properly, and enjoy the results. If you treat the Cameo like the lady it is, she'll treat you the same. Unless you're a guy of course, then...I don't know. Just buy it."
"I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  She loved it!  Easy to use.  You can download patterns on line, no need to purchase pricey bundles just to get the pattern you need."
"This thing is super cool... almost magical! No blade problems or cutting mat problems for me! I particularly have good results with light-medium cardstock. It gets SUPER detailed too!!! I've already made silhouettes (hehe -- get it?) of my son's profiles (cheaper than going to Disneyland and more accurate if you outline from a photo of your kids), and a bunch of boxes and cutouts for an amazing collage Im doing -- if i do say so myself.

I have had a little bit of ripping problems with regular scrapbooking paper when I was trying to cut really fine work but I just decided to use a heavier weight paper and the cut turned out nice.

BC (before children), I was a graphic designer -- and I am in love with Adobe Illustrator and its sweet vector precise perfection... Im so glad that it works really well with Illustrator too (get the software upgrade to use SVG files). I wish the software had keyboard shortcuts like Adobe but we cant win them all... maybe there will be some improvements in a software update one day.

Look out for the free silhouette shapes every tuesday from their blog. I heart free stuff!

The pick me up tool is okay... the pick up 'goo' keeps coming out a little further than I want so I moulded it into a little ball at the tip and that seemed to help.

I got the spatula tool (sold separately - amazon or Michael's) and that really helps to get your work off the cutting mat without curling or ripping the paper."
The product ordered was as exactly as described but I cannot now get supplies to use the piece of equipment.
"I am so happy that I chose the Silhouette after researching all of the other die cutters.  The quality of designs available is awesome and for only 99 cents each they are a bargain.  Yes the machine costs more, but you can do so much with it.  I am still learining all that I can do with the Cameo, but so far it works perfectly. No problems.  I love it.  I am looking forward to cutting out chipboard letters and designs very soon."
"This product is AMAZING.  Take any image off the internet and cut it out.  Print and Cut etc etc
When I first got this I had some problems with loading mat.  It was USER ERROR.  I called customer service and REAL person answered the phone.  She guided me through my questions.  She was very helpful and thorough.  She even took it a step further and explained a few cut settings for me.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone!  Can't brag enough!!!"
I love my silhouette cameo  Cost you lass then iTunes song. For die cutting. I like the mat.  Thanks. Much
"Takes a little getting used to setting the cutting tool so it cuts all the way through your work, and the mat is SO sticky when you get it that it will rip 90% of your paper when you try to get it off the mat. I actually took a linty towel and stuck it to the mat over and over again to DECREASE the tacky-ness of the mat so I could save my beautiful paper!"
"I was very pleased with this bundle.  I feel you get a lot for your buck..however, if you have difficulty with any of the blades (this happened to me as well with others, call Silhouette customer service and request new blades.  This problem may have been corrected by now.  I ordered an addition blade from Amazon and that saved me."
"I cant tell you how much i love this machine.  My wife started a little rhinestone business and this machine is the bomb..... The software allows for awesome rhinestone reproductions
If you do rhinestone its awesome"
"Takes a bit of a learning curve but WOW, the results are amazing. As an artist I used it to make stencils for some projects where I want to repeat the same figure several times. Very pleased with this product."
"I have been wanting to start making cards for a while now, and get in touch with my creative side. So far so good."
"After months and months of online research and review-readings, I decided to purchase the Silhouette Cameo cutting machine. I have now owned the machine for over six months and can say without-a-doubt, this was the best purchase I've made in regards to my crafting hobbies. I have created countless gifts and items for my family with this little gadget. It takes up very little space on my desk, less than a desktop printer. I purchased a Silhouette cover for it to keep the dust off. It could easily be stored, but I don't mind leaving it out. Just makes me want to use it more!

The Silhouette Cameo comes with basic software that will be perfect for most crafters. It is more than I have needed so far. With this basic software, I am able to use images from the internet that I have ""googled"" by using the trace tool (will get into that more later), use the basic images that come with the program (a nice start), create shapes, use any font that is on my computer (tons of free fonts are available by searching online), combine images into one by ""welding,"" remove parts of images by detaching, subtracting, etc. The only feature I have not tried out yet is print and cut. Haven't had a reason to use it yet, but I'm sure I'll be using it in the future.

The Silhouette Cameo blade is easily removable and adjustable to accommodate various paper, fabric, and other media. I have used the ""Test Cut"" button to test out my cut depth on media that aren't listed under the presets in the software. I have cut vinyl, contact paper, construction paper, card stock, scrapbook paper, and fabric with an iron-on backing (I used a non-Silhouette brand and it worked fine). I did purchase an extra blade to use solely for fabric, as paper dulls a blade very quickly. I purchased the blue fabric blade, which is the exact same blade with a different color housing so you can easily identify which blade you'll be using for fabric.

Now, as for the blade and mat, I am still using the ones that came with my Silhouette Cameo. My mat did get quite messy after heavy use for a few days, but some baby wipes cleaned it up nicely (thanks Pinterest for that tip). The original blade is just now beginning to dull from all the paper I've been cutting, but I suspect it still has TONS of life left in it. The blades and mats aren't very expensive (around $10 each) if you need to replace them. I've purchased some 2-way glue that was recommended to use to re-sticky the mat. I'll update and let you know how that works. Spent about $6 on the glue that I should be able to use multiple times to re-sticky the mat, saving me quite a few bucks! Hoping it works. According to blogs, it does.

Back to the trace feature that allows you to save any image (with right-click and ""save image"") from the internet (love Google), just find an image you want, right-click on it and choose ""save image"" from the drop down menu, and save it to your desktop or wherever you can easily find it. Now open up your Silhouette Cameo software, choose ""File,"" and then ""Import Image to Library."" Locate your image you just saved and add it to your Silhouette Library. Now it is there. You may have to click on different library files to find it, but it is available to use now. Once you open it into the program, most clip art has white around the edges, now allowing you to do much. So to get the outline, just go up to the right side of the top menu bar and click on the trace icon. Highlight the entire image, click the outline image choice, and there you go. It has now traced the outer edges of your clip art image. You can now remove the colored part, leaving behind the red outlined area.  Easy Peasy!

I've created many gifts and projects with the Silhouette Cameo. So far, I've created labels for tubs and containers, special occasion cards, letters for bulletin boards and decorations (I teach), birthday party decorations such as banners and cake topper buntings, vinyl lettering for buckets, gift boxes, and other gift containers, contact paper stencils to use with etching cream to etch various glass containers, fabric lettering and shapes for shirts and dresses (must use an iron-on stabilizer on the back of your fabric to cut it precisely), scrapbook lettering for some of my children's crafty projects such as Valentine's Day boxes they created for school, and many other projects I've long forgotten! I work full-time and have two children, so I'm not using my Cameo every day, sometimes not even every week, but when I do have a need, it is there and so easy to just plug in, connect to the computer via USB, and begin using immediately. It can't possibly get any easier than this!

The mat itself has grid lines that are also on the screen when you're using the software. This makes it very easy to line up and have the Cameo cut exactly where you want it to. The only thing I can say negatively about this entire system is the fact that I can't see numbers for the grid lines on the screen on the software. It shows the lines, but doesn't have the numbers. So I'm having to count them on the screen to get my paper or vinyl exactly on the correct location. The mat does have numbers. If I am overlooking some sort of menu choice that allows you to show the numbers, someone please tell me!!!! The mat seems to be very long-lasting and heavy duty. I have cut too deep on some things, causing the mat itself to have some slight cuts, but it still works fine. I haven't used the Cameo without the mat yet, but it is an option. without a mat, your length limit is endless! You can cut any length without the mat. The 12 x 12 size that is included is just right for me though. They do have a 12 x 24 option available, but I haven't found a reason to buy that yet.

I purchased two tools to use with my Cameo, the hook and the spatula. I can see how the spatula would be useful if you were doing intricate work, but I found it to tear the paper or bend it a bit on the edges too much to be very beneficial. The hook, however, is a GREAT tool to have. I use it to grasp those little pieces of vinyl that I need to remove before applying my vinyl to whatever. I thought I could get by without this little tool, mainly by just using an open safety pin or the end of an open paperclip. However, this little hook tool made my life so much easier. I highly recommend it if you plan on doing much vinyl. If you're buying the Cameo, I'm assuming you ARE going to do some vinyl!

Another tip I have learned is to use Press 'N Seal Wrap (similar to plastic cling wrap, used to cover food, etc.) to transfer my vinyl. This works amazingly well, saving me quite a bit of money on  transfer tape. I've also used painter's tape. It works OK, but the Press 'N Seal wrap method is perfect! I used it in conjunction with a scraper tool (a credit card would work just fine) that I already had from a Creative Expressions vinyl order I placed a few years ago (I knew that tool would come in handy again).

That is pretty much the Silhouette Cameo in a rather large nutshell. If you're torn between this and the other popular, chirping insect style cutting machine, I would highly recommend this little baby! It is all you need...no extra cartridges to purchase, free fonts and clip art available on the internet, Silhouette Image store available for specific images you may want to purchase for typically less than $1, easy software to use, etc. I have converted a few chirping insect style cutting machine users to Silhouette Cameo users, and they are going crazy over how much cheaper and easier it is to use. They love the no-cartridge freedom!"
"I love my new Cameo.  It is everything I thought it would be.  It was easy to use from the second I took it out of the box, installed it and started playing with it."
"All I could do was rave about how good this cutter is.  Precision cuts, ease of use.  All of a sudden, it does nothing but tear the paper,  I have replaced TWO blades, still the cutter tears and destroys my paper.  I contacted Silhouette.  I'm asked if I tried to cut something I shouldn't have.  I have not.  Only printer weight and 65# paper, that is all.  No jams, no mishaps.  Now I will not cut well, not even the simplest cuts.  I got it for Christmas first used on 12/24.  It's now 2/15, not even two months and I have something that I can't use.  Silhouette responds by saying they will send me a brand new blade, I have already replaced the blade twice with a new blade and it cuts so badly.  I just want to set it back for a replacement.  I looked and looked for a cutter that people raved about and thought I had found it.  I cannot understand what happened to my cutter.  One cut was great,the next one was awful and all of them since have been horrible.  I CANNOT USE THIS CUTTER, IT DOESN'T WORK, NOT EVEN WITH A BRAND NEW BLADE, NOT EVEN WITH A BRAND NEW MAT.  I HAVE BABIED THIS MACHINE, KEPT IT CLEAN, CUT ONLY TWO TYPES OF PAPER ON IT.

UPDATE 3/21/2013-  I mailed back my cutter at the cost of $29 out of my pocket.  They (Silhouette) received it 3/7, I got a replacement on 3/19.  Almost 2 weeks later.  I am as disappointed with the replacement as I was with the unit I sent back and wonder if they switched out the SN sticker on the back and re-wrapped my old unit as new to send back to me.  I kid you not.  It cuts as poorly as the one I sent back.  I wonder if it isn't something I'm doing, but nothing has changed.  The paper is the same as it was when it worked fabulously.  I just have pretty much given into the fact that I have been royally ripped-off by Silhouette and am out 100's of dollars.  I had even bought the $100 carrying bag, several mats, 4 blades and over $400 worth of die cuts and for what?  It makes me feel sick really.  I read other reviews that were so wonderful.  I thought I had really found something great.  I simply cannot in good conscience recommend this machine to anyone.  Keep looking, you'll find a better machine somewhere else.  Sure.  They may cost $150 to $200 or more than this one.  But nothing is worse than a $279 paperweight, 6 weeks after you buy it...  I've put up a video to show some of the problem areas with the cuts.

UPDATE 3/22/2013-  I sent detailed verbage along with images to Silhouette America Support with the trouble I'm having with the 2nd machine.  I then decided to contact Amazon directly.  They have a 30 day return policy only, however, they made an exception for me with the trouble I'm having and emailed a pre-paid label and will issue a full refund.  Silhouette gets -5 stars  Amazon gets +5 stars for their excellent customer service.  I would also like to add that Silhouette's cutter blade quality is the WORST.  I have read reviews where people have bought 4 in hopes 1 or 2 are quality.  That is terrible quality assurance, especially when you are forced to buy them online.  I loved my machine when it worked.  Why it quit cutting well, I may never know.  But i do know the replacement unit was sub-par and that it was shipped with a blade that has been out of manufacture for over a year (the original blade housings did not have an end cap that could be unscrewed and were known to be of horrible quality).  This tells me I either got an old unit or one that was remanufactured.  either way, Amazon came through and saved the day.  Thank you AMAZON! :)

3/25/2013- Another update.  As suspected, I received the stock response that I received the first time I was having trouble with my first machine.  This why I say Silhouette customer service is very poor.  There is nobody to contact to really troubleshoot, I mean *really* troubleshoot problems you are having with your machine.  I agree with another poster who stated the machines are not reliable enough.  They are not.  I believe it is a quality control issue where some machines are great, some are terrible.  I ought to post the response I got.  If you have test cut as much stuff as I have over the past 4 days on all types of paper and settings, you'd understand.  Again, I am so thankful Amazon took it back.  I am now seriously looking at the KNK Zing!.  The support is phenomenal, bar none.  I wish I had taken the time to check out that aspect before buying the Cameo.  Sending a replacement blade is not good CS.  It's just an easy way to get rid of someone."
"Great product. Our crafting projects will never be the same.

Being able to use our own images have given our projects a level of personality that no other product out there can currently match.

Be patient with the blade and practice cutting on various types of materials and take notes. It will definitely save you time later."
"I have had a Cricut for 5 years and have hardly used it because it was so complicated and slow. I decided to go to a 12 inch machine and saw the Silhouette at a scrap I attended.  I came home, purchased it and am very pleased. Easy to use, easy to  purchase graphics and I love that I can print 12"" borders!"
"It is awesome! I am still learning how to do all the fancy stuff, I am enjoying the extras that came with the Silhouette Cameo!"
"I was very bummed when I realized this machine does not cut fabric well at ALL!! If you are cutting out something big,it will cut it. But if it is medium size it NEVER cuts the fabric. :(  It is fine for paper when it doesn't tear the paper when it's cutting. Overall if you need it just for paper it is fine as long as you have extra blades but do not buy it for fabric!!!"
"I love my cameo!  This is a great product.  My favorite thing about the cameo is that it will use all of the fonts hat you have loaded on your computer (Pinterest, free fonts).  This is wonderful!"
"I purchased this for my wife for Christmas, as she is always crafting. I don't use it, but she consistantly is telling me after every use that it is her second favorite gift, next to her Bernina Sewing machine. She is very picky when it comes to supplies and tools she uses, so if she raves about it then I would recommend it."
"So I've only had this for about a month now, I upgraded from a cricut. At first I was supper excited it was cutting very intricate designs and though loud made me very happy. After about a week though the cuts started to get very sloppy. I'm really sad because my cricut doesn't even have these problems. :("
"This is a great machine!  I have used Cricut as well, and I hate the limitations, and it is so much more expensive with having to buy the entire cartridge  The Silhouette print and cut feature can be used with ANY or font - I just downloaded a  bunch of images, opened them with the Silhouette software, traced, printed and cut easy peasy  You can modify the design shape, components and color as well  The options and flexibility are head and shoulders above the Cricut.

I'm selling all my Cricut stuff - don't need it anymore.  I would only recommend the Cricut if you are computer-challenged."
"I bought this bundle on black Friday and have used every part of it so far. This machine is by far the most amazing thing I have ever owned. It takes crafting to a whole new level! So far I have been most excited about how detailed the machine can be and how fun it has been to cut vinyl decals for laptops and other devices. Making stencils for painting projects is just as fun. Really no limits to what this machine can do. Worth getting the Cameo over the smaller one, because this one can cut full sheets of scrapbooking paper. Eliminates the need to cut the pages to fit your machine. In conclusion I LOVE MY CAMEO and all of the extras that came with this kit including the extra cutting mat and extra blade."
This machine is great! I can't wait to expand my use of it to fabrics and such as I've pretty much only done some vinyl and paper.
This cutter is the best one I have found out there. The cricut doesn't even come close to this one.
What can I say except this is a AMAZING machine. It can do so many things. I love that you can but just te shapes you want.
"I have had this product for one week and it has been nothing but a huge headache! I loved the idea of an online store where you could pick out which design you wanted to use. That is what sold me on this product versus the cricut. However, it will NOT cut! I've tried using several different settings and it will either only score my paper (and not cut all the way through) or it tears my paper so badly that you can't even use it. I have wasted so many pieces of cardstock trying to get this thing to work. I am extremely disappointed!!! It doesn't even trace over the same pattern when you send it through a double cut. I have two cuts on some pages. I wouldn't recommend this product at all and I regret buying it!"
"I got this puppy to cut vinyl graphics for some MCP-X (Micro helicopter) canopies  that I was vacuum forming.  I was stunned to find that it would cut letters less than 1/8"" tall in Oracal 651 vinyl.

This machine will cut anything in the RC hobby that I use.  Monokote, trim, auto wrap vinyl (carbon fiber print), masks, etc.
I am impressed by what it will cut.

The software is a bit clunky, and having to shell out 50 extra bucks (40 if you look for a coupon) so you can unlock the software and import SVG files is a bit aggravating, but you can import a jpg/gif/bmp and use the software to trace it.

The adjustable blade is a good thing.  It seems to stay sharp indefinitely cutting vinyl, but if you start cutting cardstock, I'd expect it to get dull so you might want a spare.  They sell the same blade in blue so you can keep it separate.

I love mine."
My husband bought this for me for christmas and once i got the hang of it i love this machine. It is really helpfull and has so many designs available on the online store. I also got the subscription plan that gives you 150 dollars worth of images for 20 bucks.
Easy to use. Creates beautiful scrapbook and card making die cuts.  Can't wait to take some classes to really use my silhouette cameo!!
"Fast, precise, conveniently small, avoides me to send small cutting vinil work to anoter store. Just my problem is the lack of phisical guides to mantain the vinil right aligned and the calibration procedure is not well explained in the manual."
So far so good with this product. I haven't had time to use it a lot yet. I only gave it a 4 because I feel like they should include better instructions for use.
I have had a few Cricuts and the eCraft machine. The Silhouette is by far the best. The precision and accuacy is spot on. The ability to draw or print then cut is priceless and flawless with this machine. The Silhouette online store makes is convenient to only purchase the design(s) you want and not a whole cartridge for one image. The designs are around .99 cents a piece and all have been excellent cut quality.  I would purchase this machine again should something happen to mine. I recomend this machine to any crafter.
I love this machine already and it has only been a few weeks.  It's very easy to use and the creative options are endless!!
"I love this machine!! The starter bundle kit is wonderful, it includes everything that you need to get started. I would highly recommend this product if anyone enjoys paper art and wants to take it to the next level."
"The Silhouette Cameo is a really great cutter and I love the online library.

This is definitely the way to go if you want to purchase a cutter and not spend a huge amount of money on cartridges."
"I saved and researched this cutter for two years before buying one.  I have spent at least an hour or two with it everyday and have YET to see it do what it claimed.  I debated between this cutter and the Cricut Expression 2.  The only reason I went with the Cameo was because I was SUPPOSED to be able to use my own printer.  Forget that!!  It will NOT ""cut and print"" as advertised.  Save your money!'"
"Is easy to use, easy to setup, you can create your own designs, the store is fabulous.
You can do very special designs."
Excellent bundle for the price. I was looking for a cutting machine and looked for it at many sites. This is the best deal!
Thank you! Love my cameo! This is the best cutting machine by far!  Sold my cricut with no regrets! Thanks
This is the most glorious machine! I love it!! As a teacher it gets put to good use in the classroom along with at home!! Awesome product!
This cutter has good quality and provide perfect service. The kit is very useful and we are very happy to have purchase this product.
I wish i could find this machine long time ago so that way i could save a lot of money!!!!!..... this is easy to use i had not a problem using it and the best part is that you can buy an image from there  store for only .99 cents....!!! i use to buy cricut cartridges for $34 or more just for one image that i needed it or liked.......I am so happy with my silhouette and the only thing i regret is that i didn't find it before i have throw so much money to the trash with the cricut but not any more that is for sure!!!..........yaaaay
"UPDATE:  After spending more time with my Cameo, I found I was having difficulty cutting various types of material and became increasingly frustrated with the results I was achieving (or not achieving) with my Cameo.  Easy to cut images cut really well, but I was really struggling with some of the more intricate and detailed cuts that I longed to include in my projects.  After a while, I became frustrated and only used my Cameo only when I had basic or larger cuts to do or when I had a day to dedicate to working with my Cameo.

Recently I had the opportunity to try the Cricut Explore.  I am updating my review of the Cameo to include part of my review on the Cricut Explore.  If you'd like to read the full review, then I invite you to find my complete review under Cricut Explore reviews.

-----
Begin review of the Cricut Explore:
-----

First off, I received a Cricut Explore in exchange for an unbiased, honest review of the product. I received my Cricut Explore in June, 2014.

Second, I also own a Silhouette Cameo and a Cricut Create.  My husband purchased the Silhouette Cameo for me a couple of years ago.  In my review you will see references to the Silhouette Cameo.

Third, I am not a highly-skilled craftsperson.  I am run-of-the-mill scrapbooker and occasional card maker. I typically do projects that have been designed by someone else, however, I have been known to put together projects from scratch.  I have experience with programs such as Silhouette, Sure-Cuts-A-Lot and minimal experience with Photoshop.

Since my review turned out to be rather long, I decided to put my conclusion first so that you could get the gist of my feelings towards the Cricut Explore and hopefully read the entire review.

Conclusion:

In the five months since I've owned my Cricut Explore, I have created and finished more projects with the Cricut Explore than I have over the two years of owing my Silhouette Cameo.  Given that, you can imagine how impressed I am with this machine.  With the Silhouette Cameo, I wasted a lot of time and material trying to get my project adequately cut.  Too often, I would have to cut and recut because the item could not be cut out cleanly.  The Cricut Explore does such a spectacular job of cutting, that I often can complete my project with minimal effort, time, and material.  It has revived my passion for crafting.  I would also say that it has taken my hobby to a level that I never felt comfortable enough to venture into.  With the Silhouette Cameo, I would never have felt sure enough with the ability of the machine to consistently cut out images/text out of iron-on vinyl for 30 t-shirts that were to be given away for a family reunion.  However, with the Cricut Explore, I felt more than comfortable enough to attempt this type of project and am extremely happy with the results.

Cricut recently released a new version of Design Space (the online software that you use with the Cricut Explore) which includes the long awaited `Print Then Cut' feature.  While I wasn't initially a fan of Design Space, this latest release has shown me that Cricut is diligently working towards improving Design Space and making it more user-friendly and reliable.

Despite having a full schedule as a college student, wife, and mother, I've managed to complete quite a few projects using the Cricut Explore that I've been really happy with.  Some, but not all, of the projects that I have created and completed are: personalized t-shirts for a family reunion, various personalized wall hangings for my home and for my daughter's apartment, personalized birthday presents and cards, personalized guest book cover, 3-D cards and boxes (the camera box from SVGCUTS greatly impressed my family of camera enthusiasts), and vinyl stickers for laptops and phone cases.

I am so impressed with the Cricut Explore that I've considered selling my Silhouette Cameo.  They both serve the same needs.  The only thing holding me back is the money that I've already spent on acquiring images through the Silhouette store.  If I had a way to transfer my images from Silhouette to Cricut, then I would sell my Silhouette Cameo in a heartbeat.

I have gotten so many complements from friends and family after they have seen the projects I have created with my Cricut Explore.  In fact, my husband's co-worker saw some of the projects that I had completed using my Cricut Explore.  He did some research of his own and decided to purchase a Cricut Explore to give to his wife for her birthday.

-----
Original Silhouette Cameo review
-----
My husband gave me a Cameo for Christmas (great guy, huh?).  I have been having a ton of fun with it.  The software is easy to learn and images are very easy to change, print, and cut.

I have worked with computer programs such as Photoshop, Cricut, and Sure-Cuts-A-Lot, so the Silhouette Studio software was very easy for me to learn.  I also upgraded to the Designer Edition software so that I could import jpg files and create projects with those images.

I'm really loving the print and cut feature.  This feature allows you to print an image on a printer and then use the Cameo to precisely cut the image out.

I also own a Cricut cutting machine.  I got tired of spending a fortune on cartridges, especially where the image couldn't be changed.  I like the Cricut, but I LOVE my Cameo."
"THIS MACHINE IS AMAZING.  If you're on the fence between this and another machine, this is the way to go.  It doesn't require cartridges, the computer software is easy to use, and there are so many ways to use FREE GRAPHICS AND FONTS.  I got this a year ago, so I'm a little late in reviewing, but I absolutely do not regret this purchase.  My husband also loves that I have it because I'm able to make items for him.  Love love love."
The cameo has so many different possiblilities.  It can make a lot of cute crafts.  The only problem is that you need a computer at all times.
"This is my fourth electronic cutting machine.  I still own a Cricut Expression, the other two are from days gone by.  The Silhouette is a very fine machine.  The cuts, the really detailed cuts, are perfect. I have used it often as I craft almost every day and am delighted with the results."
Love this machine!  So versatile in what it can cut out- either pre-designed or design your own.  You can make things almost any size you want.  I highly recommend it and I have had no problems at all.
"It takes a little effort to learn the software.  There are lots of tutorials online that are free via Youtube, which are helpful.  I've only had it a month and I've already completed a handful of projects.

I'm surprised how quickly the mat is wearing out.  It seems to have lost it's sticky-ness quickly.  So far the blade is still going strong.  It takes a little bit of playing around with to determine the best blade length.  If the blade isn't long enough, it won't be a good cut.  I try to follow the guidelines in the software, based my selection for what I'm cutting--which works well but not perfectly and is sometimes a little off.

I love how perfectly it cuts and how quickly it completes the cutting.

Overall love this and I'm so glad I have it!!!"
"I love this cutter.  I wish I had know about this before I bought the Cricut machines.  I have everyone of those.  My favorite part of this is, you don't always have to use the mat when cutting vinyl.  I have been cutting wall sayings for my house.  Thanks for a great product and price."
"I was so excited to get my first cutting machine. After reading numerous reviews on both the circut and silhouette, I am very pleased with my choice of the SIlhouette. This was a good value considering all the added items."
I am so glad I went with the Silhouette.  I think there is more creative freedom with the Silhouette.  Take the time to experiment and watch tutorials.  Silhouette and Youtube both have great video tutorials.
"I love my Silhouette. A few struggles trying to figure out how to move the rollers, but after asking my friend Mr. Google :), not problems. I use it a lot for craft projects for my daughter's class and recently cut some vinyl. Worked great! Huge variety of shapes available at a great price."
After ordering this package I highly anticipated it's arrival. I was bummed to find that the product right out of the box would not power on. I tried everything and read and reread the steps in the manual and still got nothing. Couldn't reach anyone on the customer support line either. Returning to Amazon and will try one more time. :/
"I had a Silhouette SD and hubby bought me the upgraded/larger Silhouette Cameo for Christmas.  I use it almost every day!  It's a wonderful tool for scrapbooking, party decor, card-making and having fun!  Easy to use.  I especially love that I can buy individual designs online instead of having to buy a plug-in ""card"" pre-filled with designs with a particular theme.  I also love being able to create my own designs.  The ability to so easily increase and decrease design sizes is another plus.

I definitely recommend this machine to anybody who does any sort of paper crafting!"
"I bought this machine to play around with making some cheap give aways for my company. So far I've cut magnets, stickers, and vinyl window decals with it. Sometimes I've had to fiddle with the settings to get it to do exactly what I want but usually that's because I'm asking too much of the machine. I would highly recommend that anyone who buys this upgrade to the full version of the software. It allows you to use your own vector graphics in designs. I used it to import my company logo that was designed in Adobe Illustrator."
The bundle was a great deal for all you get.  I compared it with all the seperate pieces and it was worth it.
I am loving my silhouette Cameo cutter.  It is very user friendly and makes crafting so much easier.  Great buy
"This was purchased as a gift for the family ""scrapper.""  After looking at other options, this one seemed to offer the most versatility and availability of supplies."
"I'm so glad I discovered this alternative to a Cricut! I loved it! Its a very cool machine! AWESOME MACHINE! Love, love..."
"I am a vinyl junkie...I love it on my walls and I like to personalize gifts I give others with a little something extra like their name or cute little decoration. I was spending a fortune at the local craft store just buying pre-made signs/decor or having it special ordered, so I convinced myself I would save money by simply purchasing my own machine. Best purchase of the last few years I have made :) ! I was so worried it was going to be difficult to set up and run, but it was so easy. I have never owned a Cricut but know many who do, and I feel I have bought the better machine as well as the least expensive to operate. Great product!"
"I have spent HOURS trying to get the software to install for my wife's Cameo on her laptop.  Numerous calls and e-mails to their Tech Support people, and additional hours reading Technical support/explanations of why a certain error message appears as the installation ""freezes""
What's worse, at least one of the tech forum questions came from an individual over a year ago with exactly the same issue, and he/she displayed a copy of the e-mail response rec'd from SilhouetteAmerica with suggested solution.  It is EXACTLY the same solution they sent to me, one year later. . . and it STILL doesn't resolve the problem.
Yes the tech support team are pleasant to deal with, and easy to understand, but if they don't have a solution available, what good are they??
The software installed without a hitch on our desktop running Window 7, 64 bit, but apparently there are serious issues with Laptops running Windows 7 64 bit that simply have not been addressed by the Silhouette company.  At least that is the only common connection that I can make from all of the complaints, questions, and answers that I have read.

I'm unable to report on the actual operation of the machine, it's features, or available images etc. because in it's current state it is a $250 table decoration.

Be very aware of what operating system and sytem type you plan to install it to.
At this point I am still waiting for yet another reply from Silhouetteamerica tech support to try another suggestion."
"My dear sweet Husband bought this for me for Christmas because I had asked for it.  First of all it came with NO...Zero Marterial to work with (which he didn't know).  I went online to find the materials I needed were out of stock.  I ordered the materials and FINALLY recieved them on JAN. 11TH.  Secondly their was very little instructions on how to use the program with the productt.  What I found was by looking at U tube instruction videos by other users.  Then I went thru a whole roll of vinyl before I finally got 1 monogram window deacal to cut properly so I could even get it off the cutting matt.  I started on my second roll tonight and tried a little more involved decal, an ""in Memory of"" decal.  I have been working on the same decal for over 3 hours and have yet to finish it. It either will not come off the cutting matt intact or the vinly lettring is ""eaten up"" by the machine.  I am VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT. You would think as much as the Silohoutte Cameo cutter cost it would be a little more user friendly. I'm sure it is a good product but he instructions with it leave a lot to be desired.  If you buy one, GOOD LUCK."
"Best purchase I ever made!! The possibilities are endless and have already done tons of projects. I can not be happier. After reading some reviews I was worried but all that went away as soon as it arrived. The studio software is super easy to learn and the online store is great. Love the trace method to make designs. There are so many videos on youtube to learn what you need help with, I started with vinyl, and now am playing with cardstock. The blades are super easy to adjust. The mat is a too sticky at first but after a couple uses it is no big deal. Seriously if you are debating DO IT. You won't regret it,  Biggest complaint is due to everything this machine is capable of my mind is in overload from deciding WHAT NEXT lol"
"I have been impressed from the very beginning! The company was out of stock if the metallic pens and because they didn't feel that they alerted the buyer in time, they sent a complimentary $25 gift card to the silhouette store. The pens arrived the day after the machine did. Performance is great, too! It amazes me at how simple it is to use! The software and the machine are very user friendly! I have used it quite a bit and have not had the first problem with it! I would highly recommend this product!"
My wife loves this and had lots of plans.  Even with the detailed instructions it took a bit to get started.  Now she can make cutouts of shapes and words on paper and vinyl.  She's elated.  I'm happy that I don't have to cut out everything by hand.
The product is good and the product arrived on time and complete. I think that the price os the product is good
"I really like the features of the design software but figuring out how to use it is kind of confusing. The Silhouette was easy to set up and start using although I did have some issues with the blade chewing up the paper on a few of my designs that I am not sure why. The free designs are awesome and I look forward to the free weekly design each week. I can see myself using the Silhouette Cameo for many, many projects way into the future."
"Loved the Silhouette SD so much but wanted to cut 12"" graphics, this does the trick! Quality machines that are user friendly and make wonderful cuts on anything from paper to vinyl and then some."
"Bought for wife, and she loves it. It does so many things. She is still learning how to use it."
"We looked at the Cricut, but ultimately decided that the Silhouette would be better. We wanted the ability to cut designs that we make and not be limited by cartridges that are required for the Cricut.

The Cameo's software took a little getting used to, but it's worked out great. We also like that you can get a free pattern from the Silhouette website each week.

The pens for writing have been fun to use. It would be great if the pens could hold more ink. From What we could tell, the pens make the outline of the letters, so if the font is small enough, it looks like regular writing. If you make the font too big, then because it traces along the outside of the letters (as if it it were cutting), you'll get outlined letters instead. Just something to watch out for if you're trying to go for the handwriting effect, keep the font small enough to avoid the outlined lettering.

If you're cutting out letters (Vinyl letters for example), there are a few tricks you can use to keep the letters straight. Each letter gets cut out by itself, and at first we wondered how we could keep the letters aligned and spaced correctly after pealing the cutouts.

To remove the newly cut vinyl lettering, you can get a strip of transfer paper, apply it to the area of the letters, and then slowly peal it back. The vinyl lettering will come off the from the cutout with the sticky side of the letters exposed. You can then apply all the letters at once to the surface you're working on keeping the letters and spacing together rather than pealing off each letter individually and trying to line them up.

It's a lot of fun to use, and it's been pretty easy to get it going. The kit bundle is great because it comes with the pens and other extras that you'd otherwise pay extra for. Highly recommended."
"Very  Good, Thak You. Muy Buen Producto ! !  mil gracias por enviarlo rpidamente y en tan buen estado. Gracias"
"This silhouette has far exceeded my expectations. The versatility is endless. I have found more projects than I imagined. Having worked with another cutter, I am impressed with the ability to import artwork from your computer and convert for cutting. This was formerly available only with very expensive machines."
"After using cutters for years, I am an avid graphic design artist, needed a print and cut desperately and this was the answer to a long wait.  Newbies, do not fret. This machine with the included software is mighty powerful, yet easy enough to start right away.

If you are familiar with CAD software, you will find this package somewhat easy, but full of needed controls like mirroring, welding words to a knife that lets you deal with the design and customize them.  Some of the intricate design features are a bit more wonky to work with compared to SignLab, and even SCAL is a little easier... but that is because I just started working with this package today.  I did print and cuts today.  All worked like a charm.  A really fun thing you can do, which is not really shown is you can paint in some of the graphic pieces you buy or ones that come with the package.  When you color them, you can print them in color on you printer, remember to select to show and print the registration marks so the cutter will then use those registration marks when you tell it to automatically recognize them after you load your mat with proper sized paper or cardstock into your cutter. You can use white cardstock this way and make customized color projects.  I think the sky is the limit with this machine.

I am giving this a 4 instead of a 5 because of the blade situation. There is really no clear instructions on how this thing fits in the machine. This can prove to be very frustrating.  I was cutting air on my first few tries because my blade was not set in properly. I looked everywhere for some instructions and could not find any. I know how to change the blade depth, but not sure still if I have it seated in the machine the way it is supposed to be.

I'm having a lot of fun with this machine.  I can make a design round for my button maker, set it at the perfect size, set up a circle to cut perfectly around it and then fill the page with the design to print and cut. Then I remove them from the mat and make my magnet buttons.  I don't have to worry if my blank will be uneven.  It is cut perfectly.  Because of the super tacky mat, be careful with that.  I did not get the spatula, but successfully used an exacto knife to remove the rounds. The sticky material can tend to stick to the back of your project, so watch for that too because if you stack your pieces, they may either tear or color will be removed when you unstack them to get ready to use your pieces.  I plan on doing some decoupage and step cards using this.  The software store has loads of inexpensive projects.  You will not have to worry about finding what you need to cut. You can search for a project with a nice search feature in the store.

One more thing, in comparison to the proprietary Expression by Circuit, which I also have, the Silhouette Cameo has many more features and you are not as limited in your creativity in my opinion. I also have a larger cutter that has not handled the Windows upgrades very gracefully, from way back and still love it... but it does not Print and Cut.  This Cameo is a truly to die for feature that this machine seems to do very well.

Okay, I'm off to have more fun.  Enjoy!"
I did my research and found that the Silhouette had the best product for cutting a plethra of materials and creating my own designs using their software. The software is what really sold me on this product. It is setup in a very user friendly format that is simular to word processing software commonly used on any PC/Mac computers. I was cutting my first page within 20 mins of removing it from the box. I especially like that I can upload any jpeg. I haven't played around with this much yet but there are a lot of tutorials on youtube about some other ways to use your Silhouette in this way. Overall I am very impressed with the quality of all the products that came in the box with my starter kit. The pick-me-up tool is a pen shaped double sided tool with a thin scraper end and an end with sticky tack inside of it that sort of squeezes out like pencil lead to use when lifting small pieces. It came in handy when I did a quick test run on a thin font.
"You can cut paper, fabric (and felt), vinyl, and stencil mylar. I can now make my own stencils!  I have arthritis in my hands and now I can cut fabric for appliques,fabric flowers to add to pocketbooks and such or felt. That alone would have sold me the machine, but I can cut adhesive vinyls for phrases and graphics for walls and objects.  I am not a card-maker or scrap-booker but I can see the value of this tool for those arts.

I recommend you watch the videos on You Tube before you use the machine to see how to use this tool and all the possibilities with the software, what supplies you do need and to avoid needless wasted costs of buying products you don't need. I found how to download free fonts and how to convert SVG files. You can use an Exacto knife instead of pricey tools. Pinterest is also a great source for tutorials, project ideas, and websites to buy supplies.  Of course Amazon carries many products for your Silhouette Cameo.

Highly recommend to open your world to new creative arts and help with some traditional ones!"
I love this product.  It came quickly and works great.  The bundle was nice.  I really like having 2 cutting boards.  It's a very fun product.
The Cameo is perfect for my scrape booking and it able to do all kinds of die cuts.  I love the machine.
This is an amazing bundle and amazing product - so easy to use and inspires creativity!  I am amazed at the detailed cuts!
The many designs available are great.  The cutting is smooth and accurate.  Christmas cards were a breeze to make this year.
"Worth every penny and miles ahead of the circuit. Easy to use program and super intricate cutting. So,so happy with it."
It cuts well except for when I choose to do the more intricate designs then the cut is not too clean. There are instead little nicks or even tears in the paper that spoil the cut.
"I can only review this product in behalf of my daughter. I bought this for her as a Christmas present. She REALLY loves it.
She is having a hard time using it often because of her newborn, but it is great for making baby clothes and accessories for
my granddaughter and my daughter's friends babies."
"The product is good. Some difficults to learn how to use it, which paper use and blade selector.

But it works perfectly"
This is absolutely a great cutter.  I have several different cutters and I am glad I purchased this cutter.  Easy to use!
Unfortunately have not had a lot of time to play with this since receiving it but when I have it is so much fun and even though I have never owned a Cricut I think this is much more convenient and cheaper to use because you don't have to keep buying expensive cartridges for one item....
"Highly recommend this product and this seller. It arrived before Christmas which was a wish come true. Thank you! Hopefully, this will make my life easier and can stop working 2 of the 3 jobs I have and finally do something I enjoy!"
"I originally bought the cricut expression 2 but returned it when I heard of this machine and the ability to purchase individual images rather than cartridges. I read all kinds of reviews and had it ordered within 24 hours. They were right, this machine is phenomenal!!!!! This bundle was definitely worth every penny I spent on it!"
My daughter in law was so excited to receive this for her Christmas gift.  She sent hours playing an being excited to have such a great product.
Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She has been playing with it ever since. Works much better than the Cricut
"I am so very impressed with the Silhouette Cameo.  I mainly bought it for cutting fabric (mostly 100% cotton) for creating appliques and it does an excellent job as long as you apply proper interfacing and have the blade at a good setting.  It cuts cleanly, even intricate details.  And what's more impressive is the software; which is very easy to learn and amazing at creating cut outlines.  The possibilities are endless!  If you're looking for something that cuts beautifully and allows you to cut pretty much any image.  This is it.  Enjoy!"
"So far the Cameo has been a lot of fun. I love the program it comes with and have made a few cute things.

I do not really like the blade housing, you have to buy a new $15 blade housing everytime your blade dulls, instead of just buying a replaceable blade like other cutters offer. I do not like how much plastic this wastes and you cannot clean the housing either.

I have edited my review because of Silhouette's customer service. I wrote a fairly frustrated email and received a lot of good advice, and an offer to replace the blade if it was defective. I think my problem was with a particular cheap cardstock and not the machine. Their CSRs took the time to address my problem and talk me through their product."
"I bought this for my wife because she loves to do crafty things and she said she always wanted one of these. She has made so many birthday, Mother's Day, and Christmas gifts that it is unreal. She absolutely loves it! It is easy to use, and works like a charm. Worth every penny!"
I liked the system.  It does not however give enough instruction about how to use your rhinestone system and that is what I mainly purchased it for.  I want to edit and create my own designs.  It does not tell you how to do that either.  There is really no tutorial for the rhinestone portion of this system.
I highly recomend this to any level crafter. There are so many things it can create...you are only limited by your imagination. Easy to use and works great. So many resources for help and insperation on the web. Your crafting will never be the same again. Plus great time saver. Want to take your crafting up a notch buy one.
"I did a lot of research before buying this for my finace.  Some of her friends have Cricut machines but the expensive cartridges and restrictive software outweigh the lower price for the machine.  The Silhouette software is pretty easy to learn and allows you to create cutting patterns from any image.  We were able to sketch out a design, scan it in as a JPEG, clean it up in Photoshop and then automatically generate a cutting pattern based on the black or white areas of the JPEG.  More complex patterns can be purchased from Silhouette via their online store a la carte, so you aren't forced to buy an expensive cartridge with a few dozen patterns when you only really want one.  The initial price of the machine is a little higher than some of the competitors, but the easy to use, flexible software makes it well worth it."
"Why a great deal! An extra mat, extra blade, pick me up tool, and pens! Wow, I am extremely satisfied with this product."
"Got this a few weeks ago and in my opinion it is the best starter bundle for this machine. The Silhouette Cameo works very well and I have already cut regular paper, card stock, and thin plastic. Each has worked beautifully! Easy to use right of the box. Me and my family have been having a lot of fun with it."
"I love my cameo.  I use it to make my son's birthday decorations, create invitations, and have recently started working with vinyl.  This is a great machine, and in my opinion better than the cricut because you do not need to purchase cartridges to get new shapes.  Simply log into the store and get what you need immediately.  Or, you can use your own free shapes and the cameo will trace and cut the shape."
"I love love love my Silhouette..I would have given it a 5 but for the ongoing problem with the needle.  The needle tends to rip the paper when doing very fine work...researching the net I find it has been an on going problem from the start. I have learned to save all my scrap paper to use as practice sheets using different settings and speeds..also the needle requires cleaning frequently.
There is a great tutorial on line on how to take it apart to clean rather than trying to blow it out or using a needle...
For regular cuts it is terrific! Using the basic software program is very easy once you get the jest of it. Many great tutorials online and some good patterns at the silhouette store which has sales quite often. Customer service is great and quite friendly and helpful. Shipping from Amazon was quick and nicely packaged. All in all a terrific machine...lew"
"I'm really big on crafts and cutting vinyl. This is the most perfect machine. Affordable, no fuss to set up. It's so good. My only complaint is that CutWizard (Illustrator plugin for the Silhouette Cameo) only works on PCs. I just wish there was some easier way to export Illustrator paths to Silhouette Studio.

But seriously, this thing is awesome. I used to cut designs by hand, but now this thing will do it for me and I can spend more time designing packages and stickers. :D"
"I love this machine! Easy set up- I was cutting and creating just 20 minutes after it was delivered! Beautiful clean cuts, and this has expanded my creative inspiration and output! I made all my Christmas presents with this, in just 3 weeks! So fun to use, too!"
"My hubby bought this for my birthday recently. So far, I've been very impressed. I've made about 20 cards and have received positive feedback on my efforts. I'm excited to teach myself a lot of new things with this machine; however, the endless possibilites that you read about are also, at times, a bit daunting. I have a lot to learn, but I think it'll be worth the time and effort!"
I love this machine. It is amazing!!! I debated for a long time trying to choose between this and the cricut expression. I am so happy I chose this one. The cutting is precise and the crafting opportunities are endless! This machine can do so much. It was worth every penny.
"The Cameo has performed great over the past couple months (Thansgiving and Xmas) that I've owned it. I've done paper craft, heat transfer for shirts, stencils, vinyl stickers both on their own and for glass etching. The software was easy to understand and very powerful, I've used Inkscape and Gimp before and found you can get any selection from Gimp to the Silouette software via Inkscape quickly and efficiently (Search google). I LOVE the print-then-cut feature.

As for this product, I've found it was a great value. I haven't used either the extra blade or the extra mat, but I'm happy knowing they're  there when I need them.

The pick tool has been helpful, and I haven't tried the pens yet."
"This is the greatest toy ever. Wish I could have afforded it sooner, but better late than never. It works really well. I have only been cutting paper and vinyl so far, but I don't have any complaints. I love that there are not any cartridges to buy. It comes with $10 credit to the online store and then they have a free shape of the week every week, so I have 80 shapes so far and I haven't paid any extra for any of them. It also comes with lots of fonts. I highly recommend."
"I felt like my shackles from cricut broke when my sister got this for me for Christmas. No more expensive cartridges for me. I do love my gypsy and it's portability, but it's been acting up and cutting strangely when I weld things together. With silhouette, I can get any image from the internet and also use my fonts for cutting. The software, design studio does take a while to get used to but it's simple enough and not too complicated. The cuts are WAY cleaner than cricut. The mat is a bit too sticky at the beginning so never use a light paper if the mat is new, or else you'll end up ripping it. Despite of that, I still love this machine and I'll give it 10 stars if I can."
"This machine is the best. It is easy to use and so versatile in all the things it does and how great the projects come out! I get so many compliments for the projects I have done with the help of the cameo.
You can use the scraps. No waste. What a savings! The shipping was fast and easy to keep track of with an email at every step of the way.
I LOVE THIS!!!"
"It is described as being one of the quietest die cut machines on the market, but the noise level is pretty equivalent to my Cricut. I love the concept of buying what you need rather than having to buy an entire cartridge.  So many of the Cricut  cuts are things that I would not use.  It is also nice to have an unending choice of fonts."
"I love to craft and have lots of electronic devices that are supposed to make crafting simple; however, none of them work as well as the Cameo!  So simple to set up and use.  Easy to find free images on the internet to use - no more buying those cartridges that limit you to whatever that company deems appropriate to put on the cartridge.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!  Well worth every penny you spend."
The machine and the software that come with it are super user friendly and the things that you can do with it are limitless!  It's a crafters dream!
I wish I had this months ago.  I like the idea you can pick your design rather then an whole cartridge and use just one cut design.
"Awesome machine, the capabilities are WAY beyond the Cricut Expression. This machine gives you a lot more bang for the buck!!!"
If you haven't seen what the Silhouette Cameo can do then check it out on the internet before you purchase.  It is an amazing piece of equipment for anyone that enjoys making their own cards on up to decorating your walls of your house with picture frames.  It can do just about everything imaginable!  The only thing you have to purchase is the vinyl and supplies if you purchase it in the Starter Kit Bundle.  It does not come with what you will be cutting with!!!
I love my new shilouette. It was shipped fast and product had everything according to description. Site made it very easy.
The cutter is wearing out quicker than I think it should. Sticky pad  get dirty quickly and needs cleaned often
"Love my Silhouette! Like all things technical and computer connected it takes a bit of time remembering the steps one has
to take to get the job done especially if you are over the age of 35! But I keep playing with it and figuring it out. You Tube also has some guides... but its not that difficult!
There are so many patterns and designs to get. THe quality and presentation is top notch! I totally recommend this of all the machines out there!"
"Shopped other brands and decided on the Silhouette cutting machine for my needs. It did everything that I wanted it to do and more...... and for a reasonable price. I purchased it to create signage, logos and trim work for my R/C model airplane hobby. The results are endless. I even made a simple adaptor to hold a ball point pen that fits in the machine (with no modification to the machine) and use it inplace of the cutting blade. This set-up allows me to plot drawings that I design with my CAD program and then merge the design file into the Silhouette software, with great results.
I highly recommend this machine."
I bought this since my Imagine stopped cutting. I wanted to be able to cut intricate items. This does this very well. I am super pleased with this machine and all the folks I have met that create wonderful things with this machine. These folks are the friendliest on the planet. I love being able to buy one shape at a time versus a whole cart with many images I didn't care for. No buyers remorse here. It's fabulous.
"The product does not cut as advertised. The mat is entirely too sticky at the beginning of use, so you have to ""prime"" the mat just in order to be able to cut. Then it gets not sticky enough. I've only had mine for about 2 weeks, and I'm entirely frustrated with this purchase. I was trying to cut simple gift tags from cardstock, and it does not make clean cuts, even after changing the settings of the cut. I was really excited about this product, but now I'm returning it ASAP. Not worth the money."
"I am a fashion designer and own a small home business, I spend a lot of time cutting out my product and creating my packaging. This cuts down on my time soooooo much. plus it has helped me to start creating new products. I was debating between this and the cricut and after researching the two I decided to go with this one because the cricut only seems to work with the cartridges you have to purchase. So you are stuck with their designs and a ton of crap to store.

I did have one problem with it, when i was loading the mat it started cutting into the mat. I contacted the silhouette manufacturer and they helped me realize my mistake. I was simply using the load media button when i was suppose to be using the load cutting mat, simple mistake simple fix. since then it has worked perfectly. Takes a little trial and error at first but that was just a few trys and then you get it. I love it. I will say I got the spatula for the cricut instead of the silhouette since it was half the price and works just the same."
I had been watching this item since they came out last year and finally couldn't resist any longer!  I love it.
I LOVE it! Think I could have found it cheaper on eBay though. I would defenitly buy this product again.
having trouble with it.  It does not cut the item out it seems to go its own way and also seem to be not calabrated right it cut the top  of the mat no the space it is suppose to cut on
I LOVE THIS MACHINE.... ITS AMAZING AND THIS BUNDLE PACKAGE WAS A GREAT DEAL!!!!!! EXTRA MAT IS A MUST HAVE..
"I like this product/kit.  However I was upset by the instructions.  I found myself having to you tube to figure how to use it.  I have been having this machine for about three months now, and I am still learning how to use it through you tube.  Other than bad instructions, I am happy with all the projects I am getting to create.  Its fun, but takes patients to learn."
"It does everything as advertised plus many more Projects. They have training videos on You Tube, which is full of ideas."
"Have been happily using the Cricut for crafting/card making for a few years. BUT ... when I saw that you could import graphics files, then print and cut them on the Cameo I knew my wallet was gonna take a hit.  This machine is everything I hoped for - and more.  Easy to use, cuts like a dream. I'll still be using my Cricut, but not exclusively."
The machine is amazing and the bundle was just what I needed.  I had an issue with the blade and the merchant sent me a new one right away.  Great purchase and company!
"I was skeptical at first on how to use and what to do with this tool. Soon I realized that I do not need to buy lots of die cuts or punches. It does everything and more I could ask for. I must say it has a learning curve to be able to use the machine fully. If you are in the market for a cutting tool, do not look anywhere, this is it. It will pay itself off very quickly if you like to create gifts for friends and family."
I got this for my wife and she has uncovered her craft potential. This product gives a different dimension to the creativity in you.. Only thing to care about is to keep some spare bald and cutting mats because it can easily spoil if the rot blade depth is not selected.
Oh Silhouette Cameo... where have you been all my life?!  I've lived so long without you and didn't know how much I needed you.  WIth the help of many You Tube videos I was able to set this up and use it within hours of taking delivery of this piece of heaven.  Have made so many awesome projects... and still have many other techniques to try.  I can see I will get a lot of use out my Cameo!
"This is my first digital craft cutter so cannot compare it to others but I did some research prior to buying it. Liked the fact that for a 20.00 a month subscription I can download approx. 150 images every month (that's a lot)! You do have to sign on for a year but I don't have any issues finding images I like and have had it several months now. Not being limited to cartridges where I probably do not want all the images (kind of like buying a music CD w/all the tracks, some good and some not) was one selling point. Another was it handles 12"" x 12"" media. I have used it heavily since August and it still runs like a champ. Wish the blades lasted a little longer but have been resurfacing my mats with Krylon Easy tack spray (just mask off the edges) so am saving money there, still using the original 2 mats. I keep a spare blade on hand always because I'd be lost not being able to use it when the mood strikes.  Introduced a friend to it who had been faithfully using a cricut for years, within 2 weeks she had a cameo and the cricut was up for sale. If you are somewhat familiar with Visio the software is similar in nature. Cut out shapes in vinyl to put on my glass Christmas ornaments and it was pretty easy, first time trying vinyl (I'm not a vinyl wall art type)."
Im a huge fan of this machine. It fits my creative style way better than other cutting machines. I love being able to browse the online shop for specific shapes instead of buying cartridges with lots of shapes I don't need. The software program is anothe huge plus. It takes the guess work out of cutting your images as it cuts exactly where the software said it would. The functions of the program are helpful and efficient. Can't say enough about the cameo. It's my favorite!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!  I am so excited to use it for many projects again I love it! Yay! Thanks
"I asked for and received this item for a gift for Mother's Day.  Originally, I had wanted a Cricut but after reading a lot of reviews and seeing the problems people had with them and the fact that you have to buy and store all those cartridges I began to rethink that.  I had never even heard of a Silhouette up until that point  Someone did a Cricut vs. Silhouette review and after reading that I knew that the Silhouette was the choice for me.  I think my husband had some reservations that he would buy it and I would never use it.  Well, nothing could be further from the truth!  I probably use this thing every day for things from scrapbooking, cardmaking, to school projects for my daughter.

It is very easy to set up and get the machine turned on.  Once you have downloaded the software and set up your account you are ready to go.  It did take me awhile to figure out how to use the various features and there are many I still don't know how to use.  If you are trying to do something, you can usually figure it out from the help portion of the software or just do a google search to find directions. For some people it is a drawback to have to have your computer to use the Silhouette, but it really doesn't bother me at all as I am not someone who is going to be dragging a cutting machine around town with me.  I suppose if I wanted to, I could, as I have a laptop but I do my crafting at home so this is not an issue for me.

For the silhouette online store, I found that buying a subscription for $20 a month gets me $150 of credit towards designs.  If you don't do a subscription, most designs are $1 each to purchase.  I know I would easily buy 20 a month anyway so the subscription just makes sense.  They put up new designs every week and there are always at least a few I love and have to purchase.  There is also a clearance section of designs each week that are $.50 each, as well as a free design every week.  Unlike Cricut, Silhouette doesn't have any Disney licensing, so you are not going to be able to just do things with Disney characters like you can with Cricut.  There are some Disney inspired designs, but they are not listed as such and you have to kind of seek them out.  Another cool thing about the Silhouette is that it automatically imports all of your fonts from Microsoft Word and you can use them with your machine to do lettering.

Like the Cricut, the Silhouette uses the sticky mats for your media and blades for cutting.  Getting the right blade setting for your media really does require a little trial and error.  There are some sites with suggested cutting speeds and blade settings for various types of paper but I've found that you kind of just have to play with it a little to see what works for you.  I think like most beginners, when I first started with my Silhouette I had the blade set to cut way too deep and wound up digging into my mat.  Since then, I have never had my blade set above 5 and I rarely even use that setting.  Mine is usually on a 3 or 4 depending on thickness of paper.  I haven't done anything with vinyl or fabric on my machine.

The blades seem to last pretty long but I guess there had been some defective ones out there for awhile.  Mine have all been okay before.  I do sometimes use some of the compressed air sprayed in the blade housing to clean out any miniscule scraps of paper that may be up in there.  The mats are pretty sticky when you first get them but I didn't really have a problem with them being too sticky.  Both the blades and mats are pretty expensive to replace but with the mats, when mine lose the stick, I just scrub them with a green scrubby thing and some soap and then run my scotch adhesive dot roller thing over them alternating either horizontally or vertically and they are good to go for awhile again.  There are a lot of ways you can find on the internet to restick your mats but this seems to be the easiest way for me.  When your blade wears out, there is pretty much nothing you can do but replace it.

Overall, very happy with this product and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to do paper crafts or work with vinyl and fabric.  Very versatile machine that anyone could have fun with!"
"I was trying to decide between the Cricut machine and the Silhouette. After lots of review reading, I chose the Silhouette and I couldn't be more happy with my decision... I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!! The bundle pack was well worth the price."
"I researched cutting machines pretty extensively before choosing the Silhouette Cameo.  This bundle was great because it included the extra cutting mat and weeding tools.  What I like most about the Silhouette is the studio design software.  It makes creating cut layouts easy on my computer and I can create cute printable art for my wall (like subway art) without having to cut.  I'll admit the software seemed a little scary at first, but it really wasn't - plus there's lots of great tutorials on youtube and pinterest to help.  The Silhouette store has a fantastic selection of designs to choose from AND you can import your own svg & jpeg files, trace & save them as cuttable images in your library.
I haven't experienced any problems with my cutting blade or the machine itself...other than operator errors (this is my first cutting machine so I was operating on a learning curve :) ).  I did find the mat was so overly sticky that my papers would stick to them and cause the backs of the paper to peel off.  But I read online that if you press your hand across the sticky part, the natural oils in your hand will cut down the sticky-sticky to an appropriate tackiness that doesn't ruin your paper...which worked for me.  You can also run it under some water for the same effect.
Would certainly recommend the Silhouette...and this specific bundle...to anyone shopping for a craft cutting machine.  Love it!"
"I love my silhuette, the only problem is that the mats loose their stickiness very soon, so you spend a lot buying mat replacements. If you watch some you tube videos on how to use the machine, you will never have to buy cutting files, you can create your own!"
"Finally... something that makes it so my wife quits yelling at me about playing video games. MEN!!! GO BUY YOUR WIFE ONE OF THESE, THEY WILL BE ADDICTED TO CUTTING OUT LITTLE THINGS AND CRAFTING ALL DAY, it is amazing."
"I am an avid scrapbooker and card maker who owned the Silhouette SD.  I was eager to own the Cameo for the 12x12 aspect.  Although I loved the Silhouette SD, we did not have a perfect relationship.  It sometimes wouldn't cut through the heavier cardstock.  Then the company changed the blade system and things seem to work better.  I used my Cameo for the first time today....and I loved it!  It sliced through everything so well and I loved filling up my whole 12x12 paper.  I am excited to start my next project.  When things work perfectly, it is such bliss."
"I completely adore my crafty Silhouette Machine.  Between the BLOG for ideas, and the starter kits that are offered, the creations are limitless.  I have made clothing, glass etched drinking glasses, batman masks, and even baby shower invitations.  This machine can do it all.  All you need besides your Silhouette Machine is a little creativity, and if you can;t come up with the idea, the BLOG will have numerous ideas for you!"
I shopped around and found this to be one of the most inclusive and best priced Silhouette Cameo packages.  It works great and I look forward to using it when making Christmas Cards.
"Then keep moving along. Ive used it for a few months on and off.

First, the stock sofware isn't that great. Coming from a graphics background, and not being able to just drop in most of my existing designs is damn frustrating. the only other choice out there, that i have been able to find is a plugin for Adobe and Corel called Cutwizard... which is frustrating but gets things moving eventually (one you learn it's quirks as well).

My biggest gripe with the machine is not software related. Its the machine itself. Ive tried to run the calibration wizard. It cant find the calibration marks. Sometimes, it will calibrate and run. Sometimes, it will just start cutting where it wants to, ruining a lot of earlier work. Ive wasted lots of time watching it start in the wrong place, and trashing an entire piece. Thats if you can get it to even load and realize that there are marks on the material... It usually takes about 3 tries minimum to get it to register that the marks exist at all.

When it does cut, the settings really don't seem to mean much. If you want to cut anything thick, like even a good quality vinyl, it may take extra passes. Or not. Or just on part of the material, you never seem to know with this.

Basically, if you need it for anything more than cutting out things for scrapboking, look somewhere else, save up a few bucks, it WILL be worth it in less time and aggravation trying to get this thing to register."
"I have always wanted a Silhouette Cameo and when I saw it on Amazon and for such a great price, I knew I was going to get it.  I have had it for a few weeks and I am 100% satisfied.  It comes with an extra cutting mat and blade which is great because I spent the first week just experimenting with the machine.  If for some reason I accidentally cut through my mat or break my blade, I have a back up.  That has not happened yet so it shows how sturdy the machine is but it gives me peace of mind if it happens.  My son is having a birthday party next month and I am using the Cameo for almost everything.  So far I have been able to make my own invites, cupcake toppers, cupcake wrappers, and a personalized birthday banner.  I would recommend this starter kit to anyone wanting to create your own unique crafts."
I was searching on amazon for a silhouette cameo and found the one offered by amazon which included an extra cutting mat and blade.  I clicked on this one because it said it was a comparable bundle.  I was surprised that this bundle package included just a spatula and hook tool and some paper.  Not a comparable bundle at all.  The silhouette is great - this bundle is not!
"What an amazing machine...I have a cruicut and just got tired of having to buy another cartridge every time I wanted just one or two symbols, shapes or font. With my new Silhouette cameo I have access to hundreds of fonts, I have downloaded to my computer, and their silhouette store allows me to buy individual sayings, shapes, or symbols for usually 99 cents or less! I got caught up into the vinyl craze and I have been going crazy making all these projects and gifts for Christmas. The Cameo does so much more, I just haven't had time to try it all out.! Thank you Amazon for making buying this wonderful machine so easy!!"
"Super facil de usar y bien versatil...Puedes hacer cualquier cosa, solo necesitas tu imaginacion, lo demas lo hace la maquina..."
I bought it for fabric as people seemed to have luck with it... Alas I didn't but after seeing the projects with vinyl I'm just waiting for my vinyl to come in so I can go crazy!!
I did tons of research before I bought this. I can't believe I had not bought this earlier. It has changed my crafting life. You can make everything with it! My favorite is making vinyl lettering for home decor. I am glad I got it before Christmas so I can use it to make gifts for family. Read through pinterest to get great ideas and how to restick your matt without buying a new one. Lots of other suppliers of cheaper vinyl too.
I sold my Cricut Imagine to buy this machine. I love it 10x more than my old Cricut machines that I've purchased in the past (Cricut Expression & Imagine). This is the best unit ever made.
"Well I must say that I have been had as well, I own 2cricut machines n neither does what I need them 2do I to wish to cut my own shapes and I have been looking for the Silhouette machine a long time the reviews  reads just like I need them to. I have read all the 40something reviews and this machine sounds just like what I have been looking for. Hope so I don't have no more money to waste!!!!!!!"
I use this with Icing Images Premium Icing Sheets which are completely edible and I decorate cakes and cookies and cupcakes..... I just use the icing sheet instead of regular paper and it cuts amazing designs! You can get these sheets at icing images dot com [...]  Their sheets work the best and taste great!
"If I could give this no stars I would. I don't understand how people think this is so great. Silouhette America has no options to move around. I got a link from them for tips and tricks and I can only get to it through the link they sent. Their user manual is confusing. It actually has two columns so you have to read and go up and read more.
As far as the software... OMG... I am not dumb. I am a college graduate. I don't get most of this.
AND... to top it off it is broken and I need to return it. I have wasted 2 mats (which aren't cheap) trying to fix it. The paper rips, the left side bar isn't going down so the paper is running through incorrectly, and it isn't even cutting on the right place when it is trying. I have watched videos, read forums and don't know what else to do.
I was SO excited to get this and am very bummed that it is something I will have to send back."
"I'm from a cricut background and was a little apprehensive to get a cutter that uses software. Guess I was afraid I would not be able to learn how to use it.  It's very easy. It comes with directions and they are clearly written. I have just used the images that come free and a few purchased ones but I'm sure that when the time comes and I want to create my own die cuts, it will be no problem."
"I like many people did research on which machine to buy. Being a graphic designer and finding many immediate needs for this machine, I was convinced that it was godsent so I made my purchase. I made a few great  very intricate cuts with it and then for no apparent reason and after many sheets of expensive metallic cartdstock the Cameo was no longer making cuts. I spent countless hours cleaning out the blade going through every instruction step by step, I even tried just to do simple shapes, I tried cardstock of all widths, and copy paper at different settings and still nothing. Then I decided to do further investigating and found several horrible reviews on the same issues I was facing, I even found a blog that had nothing but dissatisfied customers. I called Silhouette and they said that their blades were indeed defective and would send me a new one, however after I received the new ones I was still getting rips on my paper. Also, I invested in their 'Designer' software update and it crashes constantly, making the whole process ineffective. Bottom line, the machine does not cut as well as it should. The idea of it is great but they have a poor blade. Don't waste your time or money!!!!"
"Got this for doing the dirty work for stencil making and for pepakura projects.
Awsome machine, saves a lot cutting of time and saves the fingers from a lot of stress.
I am also enterested in trying out on fabrics for my young daughter who is just entering into the world of sewing and quilting.
easy to set up and use, easy to learn."
"Received the Silhouette on time and in perfect condition.  The extra cutting mat, extra blade, sketch pens and pick-me-up tool were sent in a subsequent shipment due to delays caused by Superstorm Sandy (not vendor's fault).  Had great communication from the seller explaining the delay of these items and even sent me a free $25 gift card to the Silhouette online store. It took 3 or 4 tries experimenting with the settings on the blade dial and thickness, speed, etc. depending on the paper type.  But once I got the hang of it, I was cranking out projects left and right for my son's birthday party as well as greeting cards and other cool stuff for teachers at school and other children's parties. I've since ordered the Vinyl Starter Kit and Silhouette Printable White Sticker Paper to make more creations.  The Silhouette blogs are extremely helpful and inspiring.  The online store is a breeze and offers countless designs with great range of style for all personalities. Highly recommend the Silhouette Cameo.  I'm not even an experienced crafter (just started a month ago!) and I can use this machine. It cuts the most intricate designs effortlessly. Can't say enough good things."
"I have had my Silhouette for about two weeks now and have been cranking out the crafts. What a fun tool! The tutorial is good, the software has been easy to learn so far (Haven't upgraded to the designer edition yet, but that is likely on the horizon if I'm still smitten once the honeymoon period is over!) Many people say the machine is noisy while it's cutting, but honestly it's not much louder than a printer and ummm, it's CUTTING and moving around like crazy. It's not going to do that silently. I really hemmed and hawed between this and a Cricut and am SO glad I chose Silhouette. It just makes so much more sense to not rely on cartridges but to be able to make your own designs or buy them for 99 cents. All in all, am VERY pleased with my purchase!"
"I typically do not write reviews, but I wanted to brag on this machine.  Prior to buying the Cameo, I had used a Cricut Expression for the past 3 years.  I liked my Cricut but was limited with being locked into cartridges.  I researched several machines and finally settled on the Cameo.  I have had it now for 4 months and so far I have no complaints.  I have cut some incredibly intricate projects and the machine has cut perfectly.  I have had a couple of items that did not appear to cut correctly but upon further investigation it was user error.  For example a couple of times after changing the blade depth, I forgot to lock the blade into place.
The cutting mats are great in regards to the adhesive.  I have not torn any papers trying to remove them.  I have had a couple of card stocks that do not stick well, but these particular mediums did not stick well on the cricut mats.
The Studio Designer is easy software to learn and very intuitive.  I have not upgraded to the paid version because I have an additional software that I use that is compatible with the Cameo.  I love the on-line store and being able to purchase only the designs I want instead of having numerous designs that I may not ever use.  This is a much more affordable option for me.
Overall, I love the machine!  If you are riding the fence, trying to decide if you should get this machine, I say go for it!  You will not regret your decision!"
I also own a cricut Expression 2 and after talking with several others who own the cricut and the cameo I felt It was time for a change. I have become very un-happy with the cricut and have had a lot of issue's with provo craft. I could not be happier with the cameo. I wish I had bought it a long time ago . While it does take some trial and error I would recommend it to any one who is a crafter.
"Well I will say by far this cutter is amazing...I did how ever had to return the first one due to broken optical scanner for the print and cut feature. (That's why I am giving this 4.5 stars) Over all the Silhouette Cameo is better than the Cricut Expressions 2 I had and sold on eBay. The Cameo cuts cleaner and the print to cut feature is just simply amazing and time friendly. The best part is you can use any font or any Jpeg Image to print to cut....there is no need for countless and costly cartridges from Cricut...I can cut with the Cameo very very fine detailed artwork...if that was my Cricut it would have never made those fine cuts with out ripping somewhere during the cutting process. Over all to all the craft people out there this machine is well worth the money...the software to use with the Cameo is very straight forward and it Comes with a DVD instruction to get you started...which Circuit was just basically use and learn from error which got frustrating very quickly! Also I will break down the cost and comparison for you. For ever Cricut cartridge can cost from $25.00 up to $75.00 per cartridge not to mention you have to store them. Silhouette store is from $0.50 ,$0.75 or $0.99 cents for each image. Silhouette has a monthly membership fee of 19.00 and you get $150.00 worth of image download which once you purchase you have them for life. Cricut mats are a pain to keep sticky but Silhouette somehow made them stick still after 50 cuts normally Cricut doesn't stick after 20 cuts. The Cameo weighs less than 6 Lbs. while Cricut is about 11 Lbs. Circut can only use their cartridges and the Cricut Craft Room (CCR). While Silhouette can use the Silhouette store images...and any image that is JPEG. And will Work with SCAL (Sure Cuts A lot)  Program. Over all Silhouette Cameo is the Winner...if anyone on here is deciding between the two machines I would go with Silhouette any day of the week....I had Cricut and I never regret getting rid of it and getting the Cameo!!! Hopes this helps.

JG."
The silhouette cameo is great! I can make anything and everything. much better than the cricut i used! still learning all the software comands but most things you can look up on youtube. would highly recomend for any crafter!
Starter Kit arrives with everything you need to create immediately. Easy to set up the software on your computer.  Thousands of designs available on the silhouette website.  Good price and great value.  Lots of fun!
"This product is amazing....I had a cricut and didn't keep it because of the price of cartridges. I love that I don't have to buy those and if I want extra images, I only have to pay .99 to get what I like!"
"Before buying this product, I downloaded the software from Silhouette's website (it's free - and compatible with Mac OSX).  After a quick install, I was up and running.

Software Features (that I use):
- Lots of fonts
- Helpful prompts
- Predefined cutting settings (select material, then cut)
- Import .dxf files (this was important for me)

I've spent the last couple of weeks cutting vinyl and had zero (0) issues.  Cuts perfect every time.  I haven't tried any other material, so I can't comment."
"I waited nearly six months before buying this machine. I researched the differences between this machine and the cricut. I asked around, and waited.... but finally broke down and bought it. My husband assumed I would use it once or twice, and never use it again. I must admit, not being a scrapbooker or anything, I thought the same. But I have used it MANY times on many different crafts and projects. I absolutely love my machine -- as a teacher I have used it for classroom projects and decor, and personally have used it for every gift I have given since purchasing it. All of the items I have made have been adored and loved. :) I highly recommend this product for anyone who likes to make crafty-crap, like me! :) Every time I turn it on, the sound of start-up makes me smile! Do it! Buy it! Get crafting!"
"I haven't used it much but the few times I did some ""test projects"" the blade did not cut precise leaving me to tear away the material from the cut out (leaving ragged edges). This happened even though I followed the program. The program is quite easy to use especially if you have used design software in the past (ie photoshop) - I think the software is one of this poducts greatest assets. I was excited about its possibilities and how wonderfully versatile this machine is. Once I get farther into attempting projects I will update my review...I pray the issues Im having are just user error and not a faulty product!"
I'm not super great at using this yet and I know it has more potential but it's been great for cutting cardstock for bunting. The vinyl works perfect.  I stuck some on canvas and a phrase on the laundry room door.  It's holding up without flaw.  I've also used the vinyl as a stencil to etch and it worked perfect.  I attached felt to heat n bond and after a double cut of the silhouette I had my baby's Halloween costume done.  I debated for quite some time on what to get and I'm pretty sure I made the right choice :)
An awesome curtting machine and so versatile and user friendly. The machine is lightweight and the round blade is the bomb. Cuts are so precise
"Purchased the Cameo nearly one year ago...and just keep finding things to do with it.  As a die cutting machine, it has no parallel at its price.  I have owned three other machines...think bugs...and they just can't hold a candle to the Cameo.  Use it for work and for decor...as well as cards and scrapbooks.  Highly recommend the available Silhouette Studio Designer Edition software...with its capabilities, I am able to import any design from my scanner and the net...and trace for cutting.  This software is now my go-to for printing photos from my computer...sizing and being able to utilize every inch of a photo sheet is simple in Designer Edition.  If you aren't sure this is the die cutter for you...erase all doubts...this is it!"
"It's a good machine I love it except that the blade and cutting matt have to be replaced so frequently. Only a few cuts I had to change the Would be great if the blade is designed to last longer, now it's a high cost maintenance."
"definitely recommend the silhouette. so much fun to be had and so much creativity for craftiness! highly recommend over the cricut because you don't need the cartridges every time you need a particular shape - you just purchase individual shapes off the silhouette online store - for 99 cents! also, you're able to use any of the fonts available on your computer. love the silhouette. it is a must have!"
"I absolutely LOVE my Silhouette Cameo.  I had the Silhouette SD and upgraded to the Cameo.  It was SO worth it!  This machine cuts any paper (glittery paper, embossing paper, you name it!) I have tried.  I mainly use it for making cards, cutting vinyl, creating stencils, etc.  The best part is the computer software (Silhouette Studio) where you create all and any designs/shapes you want to cut.  I've used the software to create posters, flyers and handouts that I just print.  It's just fabulous.  I love that they have an Online Store where you can purchase (for less than $1) ANY shape or pattern you want.  I've never owned a Cricut, but I can't imagine having to buy a cartridge with limited shapes on it for such a high price.  There is NO end to the things you can create and cut with this machine.  I don't even have any negatives, because I've loved mine so much so far.  You seriously won't regret getting one!"
If you have any graphic design experience this is the machine for you! You can import your own designs and fonts. The software commands are also similar to Adobe which makes the interface very easy to work with if you are familiar with Creative Suite. I plugged this in and immediately got to work and had no problems with it! Worth every cent!
"After considering many different products, the cricket, and a few other somewhat shady brands. Silhouette stood out with their online download service, no cards like cricket. Silhouette also offers much larger bundles with their product thus allowing us to begin to use a much larger variety of items and options right out of the box.

Install of software was a breeze with the supplied CD. One note of caution though. The program is a little hardware dependent and unless you have a somewhat new computer, you may experience lag issues dragging clip art around and positioning item on your paper.

The sticky sheets are... well... very sticky. I wouldn't suggest printer paper. Card stock works better with how sticky it is. I had to take some time on our first cut to get the paper off of the sticky pad. My wife also found it very easy to install the pens or cutters incompletely so ensure your weapon of choice is securely fastened.

I like the online clip-art store. There are many things to pick from and it is easy to separate different parts of each image, in the event you want something within the image and not so much the whole image. This is also a large format cutter. AKA 12x12 or larger. Other mats are available for different sizes via the website. We are looking into getting a Cannon large format printer specifically for this cutting machine.

All in all, it's a great product. Does what my wife wanted it for and more! 5 stars!"
"This product is so versatile!  Everything I can ever imagine to craft, design, or create can all be done with this one machine. I don't know why I waited so long to purchase. The website purchasing is far supreme over similar products. This has been such a fun machine to use, and its so easy to use, maintain, and travel with!"
"I bought this to test it out versus my Cricut with Design Studio Software (1st version).  WOW!  I knew within minutes that my Cricut was a product of the past and this was a great machine for me.  I was always wanting more fonts to use and didn't want to spend $25-$60 for each one.  Now I have so many fonts to  choose from it is crazy.  I love the designs for purchase and the free weekly design. I have already gotten tons of use out of my machine and look forward to all the upcoming projects.  I love that it only takes me a few minutes to get something on the page, welded, set to size and then cut.  Whew!  What a fabulous product, highly recommended!!!"
"I really like the Silhouette program itself (it's a free download), so that's the only reason it gets one star.  As for the machine, it's a pain to use!  Every SINGLE time I have EVER used the machine, it has not cut my project correctly.  And I have tried, and tried, and TRIED to like this machine.  But it always turns into an entire day ordeal for me to get a project done.  Paper sticks to the cutting mat until the mat is no longer sticky, then it moves around on the mat so much that it doesn't cut the design straight.  And by STICKS, I mean that you have to peel the paper off like a huge price tag stuck on a piece of glass. It completely rips off in little chunks and ruins your design.  The blade gets little chunks of paper stuck in it constantly, and it's next to impossible to clean the blade.  When there are little chunks of paper stuck in the blade, it doesn't cut properly.  As for vinyl, if you are trying to cut any sort of font (even Times New Roman or Arial) in a small-ish size, forget it.  There's no way you can even peel the negative vinyl off without it taking all your letters along with it.  I just tried to cut 6 inch letters out of vinyl, in Times New Roman font, and half of the letters did not even cut.  I am so disgusted with this machine.  It makes me so sad that I spent so much money on it."
"Easy to use once you watch the instructional DVD.  User-friendly software, especially if you are comfortable using powerpoint/word programs. Will take some experience with the product to correctly identify which blade is best for certain types of materials."
"This is a great product!  The machine is fast and performs very well.  I would recommend buying another blade to keep on hand.  I used some low quality vinyl on a project and it clogged the needle.  I was able to clean it out, but a spare blade would have been handy to avoid delays."
Excellent product and came with more  accessories than I thought were coming! A great treat! Service was perfect and very excited about this product.
"I'm hooked! The Cameo allows me freedom to create my own designs and cut them very precisely. It is remarkable how fine a cut it produces. I couldn't believe it until I saw it with my own eyes. Additionally there is the print and cut feature that allows you to print an image on your computer and then cut it on the Cameo. There are plenty of sites that offer files for free and reasonable prices(no more expensive cartridges to buy). Silhouette America has a great online store with tons of images(and papers) for .99 or less you can buy and download and use immediately.  And you can use your own fonts(and Dingbats) to create phrases/words/images. I've only started to scratch the surface with this machine...there are more features, i.e., ""Sketch"", I have to try.  Love it!!!!"
"I used to love love love Cricut. But then I get all frustrated with how it doesnt cut right when Im using MTC. The circle is oval and it tends to rip the cardstock when cutting with small details. I had at least 80+ cartridges and already felt I spent too much to just replace it. I finally took the bullet and my oh my!

I only had my Cameo for a month but Ive been using it everyday and couldn't be happier. I used to own Cricut Original, Cricut Expression and Silhouette SD. I kept my other machines for a while because i wasn't sure if I'll love the Cameo but I do!

Last week I sold all remaining of 70+ cricut cartridges and my Expression, and my Silhouette SD. Expression wouldn't even come close to how intricate the cut is. Even the very tiny details. I love my SD but I like the capacity of cutting with 12x12. The motor is not as loud as the SD as well. I have the MTC and I can use it with Cameo so I was able to keep all the files I have and designs I made.

I use Cricut mats for it simply because they're cheaper. I bought 10 mats last week for $4.25 each. Beats spending $12 for 1 Silhouette mat. I only use the Silhouette mat for print and cut. But was told that I can cut 1/4 at the top of cricut mat to get the same exact size of the Silhouette.."
"I am a first time owner/user of an electronic cutting machine.  I love the ease of using the on-line store.  Only complaint I have is the blade and learning the correct setting to use for different paper.  Paper also gets stuck up in the blade unit that affects it's use (tears paper).  I have already replaced my first blade; thank goodness this kit came with two blades.  Having said that, I do love the machine and the endless ideas to create cards."
"I honestly was so excited to get this machine (not purchased through Amazon) but have been so disappointed. One the mat is so sticky that printer paper rips when you try to take it off and if you do manage to cut through the paper then expect one cut per 12 blade and I'm now on my third as the company I purchased from said it was nothing to do with them.

I'm selling mine if you want a go...."
"I have only used my Silhouette Cameo a couple of times so far, but it has worked great. It is not as quiet as I had hoped, but I an still pleased. The only complaint I have is that after I received this product, which I purchased as part of a budle, it that it (of course!) was offered in a different bundle with more items in the bundle at the same price that I paid. And that is not a complaint on the product, as it's not the product's fault! :) More the seller's fault.
Overall- great product. Easy to install, set up, and use!"
"This machine is awesome, however it doesn't tell you the setting for a lot of different papers. After looking at other reviews, this machine is noisier than I expected. And I was shocked that it can only cut up to 1 mm in thickness considering they say it can cut fabrics and other things, so I was expecting more. If you want to cut something for a wedding or special event without paying 300 dollars, please go to my website ""the heart of japan"" dot com and contact me, I would love to help you out.^^"
"I have the SD and I bought the Cameo because I was super excited about the new bells & whistles: fabric cutting, larger cutting area, etc.. The first 4 hours was nothing but frustration after frustration, to the point of tears. It ate up all my vinyl that I needed to for my trade show coming up to do signage. I had ordered a special piece of vinyl, practiced on card stock and even on a similar vinyl with the same weight. The machine timed out couple times in the middle of cutting, the alignment is soooooo hard to do. Even when I aligned it, it kept mis-aligning. I tried to do it with the little plastic tube, twisting it back and forth to the correct placement following the placement from the printer preview on the computer. It was always a blind shot. Finally, the blade just stopped working and now doesn't cut. This is after playing with it for 2 days now. I must have read blogs, watched videos and even read the manual 10 times. I don't know what I am doing wrong!
I want  Silhouette to reimburse for the expensive vinyl I spent and just bought more because I have to get this project done. I'll stick with my SD.

I hate fussy products, this one is getting returned."
"I have the cricket expressions and looked into buying the new cricket print and cut machine. After seeing the cameo I was a little nervous about buying it as there was not much information about this machine. I love this machine. I will never use a cricket again! Not having to buy cartridges is wonderful for me. I have 3 small children and am a big scrapbooker. This machine works great for printing projects for the kids without me having to cut all the pieces out for them to glue. I have also made very cute baby shower invites by being able to type up the whole invite and put it inside of my design, then print it and have it all cut perfectly out. This is something I could never do with the cricket. This machine truly does do it all. Thanks you for coming up with it. I am telling everyone I know about the Cameo!!!!

Thanks,
Cristy"
"The Silhouette Cameo is a nice machine but when you get into it you almost need to add the Silhoutte Design Software which is another $50.00.  It does have a problem with the blades right now, hopefully that will be solved in the future.  The Silhouette Help Desk is very helpful and don't forget, the Blogs about the Silhouette are even more helpful."
"I love this like a love owning a sewing machine! I can't see myself without it because their are so many uses, including making money."
"I bought this as a surprise for my wife, and she's already worn a blade out she uses it so much - some of the best money i've spent in a while!

You can't buy happiness, but you can surely be happy with the things you buy!"
"I purchased the original Cricut last winter and I barely used it because I had to but cartridges that had images that I wanted.  Also the original Cricut is only 6x12 that was another problem. I have started playing with Stampin' Up My Digital Studio Software and the files can be saved as svg. files which can be cut with the Silhouette.  I did my research and realized that the Silhoutte is the best product for my needs. I purchased 2 weeks ago and have created several products.  The cutter is awesome!! The downloads that Silhouette provides are great the images that I create  My Digital stdio files print great and I can create my own images to be printed and cut out.
The Shilouette is sleek, light and pretty to look at.  I'm looking forward to creating many memorable projects using my Silhouette.  Another positive is the customer service.  I have called 3 times and my question or problem was resolved before the call ended.  I wish I discovered the Silhouette before I purchased my Cricut :(!"
"I love this machine!  It cuts out awesome designs for my scrapbooks and classroom items. It is easy to use and transport it too. I love the fact that I don't need to buy cartriges and I can personally choose the graphics that I know I will use.  I love the variety of files that the Silhouette Cameo can cut out, print, and create with. It cuts out a large variety of materials, not just cardstock and paper.  I use it for my hobbies and work items too.  My child uses it for projects and homework also.  This was an awesome purchase!"
"I am a computery type person, so the Silhouette is perfect for me.  I've cut letters and book marks and scrapbooking embellishments.  I've cut vinyl and more.  It works great and this kit was a great value.  I can't decide what to spend my $10 gift card on in the store.  Since I can pull in almost any design to the Silhouette Studio and use it, I haven't bought anything yet.  I still need to learn how to do some things with it, like print and cut and trace more designs easier, but that's just a matter of time.  The mats were awfully sticky when I started, which was supposed to be a good thing, but the paper was tearing and sticking to the mats.  I read somewhere about using a dish towel and laying that down on the mats and that helps to create a thin layer of fiber that makes the mat less sticky.  That really worked well.  I have a Mac and the software works perfectly on it, which can sometimes be a concern for me, so that was a relief.  .All in all, I absolutely LOVE my Silhouette."
The Silhouette Cameo is amazing! And I was able to find a plug-in to use it with Illustrator (CutWizard). Yay!
I absolutely love my Silhouette! This is by far one of the best purchases I have ever made on Amazon. I haven't had this for long but I have already made so many wonderful things. I used to own a Craftwell Ecraft (more like eCRAP!)and this a far more superior machine. The print and cut feature alone makes it worth the purchase price. The software included is fantastic. There is really no need to upgrade for the basic user.
"This was so easy to set up....and I am TERRIBLE with techny stuff.  Within an hour of getting the Cameo, I was ready to test drive it and the first cut came out perfectly.  The paper did stick A LOT though on the first trial so if you have a mat scraper and spatula, that will greatly help.  I did the trick a woman suggested on You Tube and that is to ""treat"" the mat a few times by applying it against a fleece or tissu to soften the tackiness or stickiness of the mat.  I bought a few designs from its online store and its really cool. Whenever I had any problem with the Cameo or downloading the designs, I called customer care and it was there, ready to serve and answer my questions.  Fabbbbulous customer service, and it's also one of the reason why I bought this machine (and not its competitor based on the positive customer care reviews).  Wow....have been playing with the Cameo for the past hour and I'm just LOVING it.  Have lots of plans and scrapbooking projects and having this cutter will be wonderful.  Highly recommend the purchase.  Will update in a few months since I just got it today.

Nov. 19, 2012

OK, I have now owned the Cameo for appx 2 months and I have a better assessment of this tool.  I really want to like this machine, and I do to some extent.  Unfortunately, I have had to downgrade from a 5 stars to a 3 stars.  Let me explain.

Firstly, I wish to say that the fact that the Cameo cuts my own images (I buy a lot of digital stamps for coloring/card making) is a big positive in itself.  For the most part, if the image is ""clean"" and does not have too many small details, the Cameo will do a fantastic job at cutting ""most"" images perfectly.

Unfortunately, with time, I have come to notice imperfections with the Cameo though.  When the design (I have only used the designs bought from the Silhouette Online Store) has lots of details, fine lines, lots of circles, etc....and thus requires the blade to go back to the same spot multiple times, the machine tends to tear my paper.  It does not matter that I will use a smaller blade number; the paper gets torn or the cut is less than desirable.  I have now steered clear from doilies, flowers, flourises, borders, etc....that have lots of details or finer ones since I know the job will be butchered. I wish to point out that the size of my design job needs to be reduced considerably bcuz I make cards more than scrapbooks.  The size of the cards being smaller than a 12X12 scrapbook page , the card's decorations will be proportionated to it and thus minimized.

Moreover, although I have had the chance to play with the blade and its intensity, I still find it's a miss or hit a lot of times.  If I use a smaller blade number (example, a 2), the design will not cut properly.  I will then have to manually finish the job with an exaclto, leaving the design scarred.  On the other hand, if I use a higher number (4 or 5), then the force of the blade is often too strong and that will just tear bits of my paper altogether....SIGH....Also, at first, I used all kinds of paper: cardstock AND beautiful, thinner patterned paper.  Yet, the latter cannot withstand the force of the blade, even at number 2 (which, by the way, won't cut smoothly as explained above).  These days, I just never bother using the thinner patterned paper bcuz it gets chewed up by the Cameo.  No point wasting my nice paper.  I tend to use rigid or more solid carstock if I want to increase my chances at getting a good job.  This has reduced the type of work/design and paper I can use with the machine.

Finally, on more than one occasions, the mat/paper will slide/move while the machine is cutting.  That pretty much kills it all.

As a final note, I went out and bought a Big Shot from Sizzix.  It was mostly for the embossing work but the Big Shot also cuts (with die cuts).  I have to say...the die cuts I have seen from Sizzix or other companies (Big Shot is very compatible with most die cuts from other companies) are much, much nicer than a lot of the designs sold by the Silhouette Store.  Yes, individual die cuts are much more expensive than the designs marketed by Silhouette (which tend to run appx $0.99 each) but I find it was worth it to buy the Eiffel Tower Die Cut from LalaLand at $20 than the eiffel tower from Silhouette (that design is NOT even pretty). However, I can't use half of the stuff I have bought online from Silhouette in any event (reasons explained above).  Furthermore, lots of the Silhouette designs are just NOT pretty or not what one would have expected when just looking at the image in the catalog.  Since the store does not give a preview of the finished product, one buys a design based on what one thinks it will look like in the end. Lots of optic misrepresentations when looking at the catalog image so be careful about that.  I have been disappointed more than enough times after cutting the design by realizing it was NOTHING like the catalog's image.  Had I known about the Big Shot first and tried it out before I got the Cameo, I must confess that I would likely  have NOT bought the Cameo.  It is still a good tool, I don't argue that, but from my perspective, too expensive for what I have been able to accomplish with it.

But on the very positive note, Silhouette's customer service has been very responsive to my inquiries.  I rarely get a voice mail.  It did happen on a few occasions during business hours, but that was never the norm.  I hope that in time, I will get better use out of the Cameo.  The Cameo does not come cheap (and I have a good monthly subscription until next year with the Silhouette Store).

Update, January 2, 2014

I had to downgrade this product to a one star because I barely ever use it anymore, and when I do, this machine and especially its digital designs do not do anything much for me.  I now own a Big Shot and I LOVE that little piece of machine.  The die cuts I buy are so much nicer and better than the designs I get out of my Silhouette.  I regret making this purchase."
"My husband bought me the Silhouette Cameo Starter Bundle from Amazon after I bragged about how many things this machine could do. Of course, after receiving it, I wanted to start using it right away. I went to our local Joann Fabrics store and bought a multi-pack of cardstock. I immediately started cutting. What I noticed were the following:

* the cardstock was tearing while cutting
* cardstock was even tearing more after I tried to get it off the cutting mat.

I was rather disappointed at first. I tried a few different settings with the blade, but nothing helped. I even used the new blade that came with the bundle but even the new blade was tearing up my paper. Until I did some more research on the Silhouette Cameo.

Yes the cutting mat is very sticky, but looses it's stickiness rather fast after a few uses. Now after so many uses my mat isn't sticky enough anymore. So I use adhesive spray to keep my paper in place and it works great!

NOW the most annoying problem of them all was the tearing of the paper while cutting. I bought the Core'Dinations Premium Textured Cardstock from Joann's. That was a big mistake. That type of cardstock seemed very soft and fibrous. So after some research on peoples blogs I found out that Bazzill Cardstock or American Crafts Cardstock works the best with the Silhouette. Of course our Joann's doesn't sell any of these. But our local Michael's does sell Bazzill Cardstock but only as individual 12 x 12 sheets. I bought some sheets and tried them! Oh boy! What a difference! No more tearing and nicely cut shapes came out of my Silhouette. Now I'm as happy as can be!

So anyone who is having problems with tearing cardstock I advice to try different brands because the Silhouette cuts some cardstock better than others.

In the meantime I have cut vinyl and used the sketch pens without any problems.

Another big PRO to the Silhouette is their website and lack of cartridges. I never owned a Cricut or any other die cutting machine because I simply didn't want to buy those expensive cartridges. I do graphic design in my free time and I love to be able to use my own creations to cut with the Silhouette. Also shapes in their online store are $ 0.99 so it's a bunch cheaper and you only pay for the shapes you want. They also have a free shape of the week and weekly clearance shapes for $ 0.50. There are also online stores where you can buy reasonably priced shapes. Much better than fooling with cartridges."
"I've had the silhouette for a month now and it works great. I mainly use it for heat transfer paper. The only con i have with it, is that when you copy and paste a picture the program picks up every part of the image, then it does not cut it that right. It might be me not knowing how to use the program yet. Other then that I recommend the tool for anyone that wants to make shirts and cut the hassle of using the knife."
"I am SO blessed to of found this machine.  My husband was my first order :)  I have since received countless orders and I just started using it last week!!!!
SO easy to use.  I recommend this to EVERYONE.  The things you can do are ENDLESS!!!"
"Card makers, glass etchers, scrapbook era, quilters, and other craft enthusiasts rejoice! The Silhouette Cameo is probably one of the most versitale tools in your crafting arsenal."
Product came as advertised.  Love the cutter.  Interacts well with my MAC.  I like that you don't have to buy cartridges.  Buy only the images you want and they are priced right.
"I purchased this bundle and it is fantastic. Within the first week of having it I was able to cut out 300 favor boxes for my wedding reception, and many items for games and decorations for my bridal shower. I am also using it to create shirts and bags for the bridal party.

The software could take some time to understand if you've never used anything similar. I am a graphic designer and use the Adobe Creative Suite everyday, so it was no issue for me.

The first blade I used in the machine worked fantastic, however once it dulled and I replaced it with the other, I couldn't get anything to cut. I told Silhouette customer support about this, over a holiday weekend I might add, and they promptly offered to send me a new one, no questions asked.

Bottom line, if you are looking for a good personal cutter, without the need for buying expensive cartridges, this may be the one for you. Customer support is fantastic, it's easy to use, and the designs you can purchase are cute, inexpensive, and there are a ton of them! The cut detail is great as well."
Its a very cool machine but it's not very fast or incredibly precise. I had alignment issues that I was dealing with and the staff at Silhouette couldn't seem to figure out a solution.
"The Silhouette is a really nice machine.  It is much easier to learn than the Cricuts, and no problem, unlike the Cricuts.  The designs are bought one at a time, and only ones that you want, which makes it much more cost effective to use.  I highly recommend this machine.  I'm a long time crafter, and have two Cricut machines which I'm in the process of selling."
"Update:  After all this time, I love it.  I have only ever cut card stock with the Silhouette but I don't care, it's amaze sauce.

I really struggled with this purchase, went back and forth and tried to really justify buying a Cameo for months and I do enjoy it--It's fun, it was a total splurge and it works with Mac--A huge selling point for me.

There's a bit of a learning curve on such things as 'welding' letters but Youtube has really helped.

One thing that kept me from rewarding 5 stars is the Cameo's inability to effectively cut paper that isn't cardstock--So far I've only had luck cutting 40lb-65lb paper...

I may be able to have better luck with more trial and error but so far, it's cardstock and that's 3 stars for the fun of designing and watching an awesome creation cut right before my eyes.

Each time I use it it gets a little easier, the main problem is that I'll use it on a project and then a month later need to do something really quick but then I can't remember all of the steps exactly.

*Politico rant."
"I got my original Cricut in 2006 and upgraded to the bigger machine in 2010. They were both fine, but very limited and a continuous investment (cartridges, mats, blades, etc). I've been waiting anxiously for something to go wrong so that I could justify purchasing a Silhouette and it finally happened! I love it. It works seamlessly with SCAL. It's completely intuitive. I don't even need to use a cutting mat with some things! That mats themselves are so much thinner and more easily stored. The program that it comes with is also fantastic. I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!"
"Despite following the directions, changing the settings and trying thinner and thinner paper, this piece of garbage did not cut through all the way. I wasted hours trying to prepare decorations for a wedding shower at work, only to give up because the machine does not do what it says it will.
And I am good and angry that this product did not deliver, especially since I paid extra for overnight shipping and purchased designs from their web site. Major rip off! Sizzix is far, far better and cuts through anything. Back it goes!"
"Instead of hiring a graphics shop to cut vinyl for my project, we decided to tackle it on our own. There's a bit of a learning curve to cutting your own vinyl, but it's not too bad (get on YouTube and there are many videos to help you). We were able to create our own graphics in Photoshop and then import, trace, and cut them into vinyl. Very cool product, especially for the price! Easily paid for itself with this one project."
"Won't cut 5 mil laminated plastic, even though it is supposed to be able to cut 20 mil.  That I could live with.  The deal breaker is complete failure of the print-and-cut feature.  It detects the registration marks and then cuts the shape -- about an inch and a half to the left.  I am not talking about slightly off, I am talking about throw that sheet of whatever it is away.  From the reviews, lots of people love this feature so perhaps my unit is just defective, but another reviewer noted they'll exchange it if you pay the return shipping.  I'm not willing to risk throwing good money after bad when I'm still in the return period.  Disappointed"
"The first one I got was defective, one of the rollers wouldn't hold the paper down well, and so the mat would move around everywhere.  The second one is great!  I am having a great time with the software and making different cards and items for bulliten boards.  I am a teacher so this is such a wonderful resource."
"Had a Cricut Expression 2 for 4 months, and could never get it working out of the box. It was replaced twice and still never worked. Then there was the hit and miss Craft Room software and expensive cartridges. The Silhouette comes with design software that is limitless. Unlike the Cricut, which software seems limited to resizing, Silhouette allows you to create your own designs and manipulate them however you'd like. it can cut pieces of vinyl up to 10ft long (I believe, I've never needed to cut any that long), and it cuts without a cutting mat for items that have backing.

My favorite feature is the print and cut feature. I can create a design using the included software, send it to my printer, print it out, put it in my machine and the machine will cut around the design. It's great for making business cards, gift tags, etc.

Occasionally, the machine seems to be thrown out of alignment and will miscut the designs, but this is quickly corrected by a) adjusting the settings, or b) restarting the machine.

I think it's a much more versatile, grown-up, designer-friendly, professional machine. I love it!"
"Was great for the first two weeks then started to make inaccurate cuts nothing was working properly, misaligned cuts and just messy print and cuts."
For a novice crafter I could not be more pleased with this machine. The library of designs you can purchase for under a dollar each is amazing. Since I have received my Cameo I have been going nuts creating one of a kind cards for family and friends. A must for any crafter.
"I'm a quilter not a scrapbooker but I've enjoyed making home-made cards since I was a teen.
Recently bought a Bigkicks cutter and numerous dies but they soon added up price-wise. After seeing the glowing reviews on this site, I shelled out the not inconsiderable sum of money for the Cameo. Glad I did, too! It's a cinch to set up and cuts out the most gorgeous cards you've ever seen! You've probably seen similar lace- work  cut-out type cards at pricey card stores selling for $5 or $6 apiece. You can easily resize your images to fit your frames or photos and create your own ""die cut"" phrases using the TrueType fonts, which you can then save. It's easy and fun to download new designs from the silhouette website. I got a basic subscription but quickly upgraded to the next level to start building a treasure trove of cute card designs and shapes. Just don't say I didn't warn you: it will be hard to stop  crafting once you get your machine!"
Received it and it took 5min to sut up to cut so easy have a tshirt company so indeed a great asset will defenitoy refere
"Since getting my Silhouette, I have had VERY LITTLE SLEEP....first off, within minutes of setting up my Silhouette Cameo, I was able to successfully cut shapes.  It was easy to walk through the instructions included.  Thank you for a great product that has such versatility - it's very fun to not be locked down to expensive cartridges!!!"
"I've had the Cricut for a few years now.  I had similar complaints that many others have - limited to the images on the cartridges; the cartridges have more images than I need; waste too much paper because it's difficult to position the needle; can't see clearly what you're cutting and how big the design will be when cut....  All that aside, the machine was meeting my needs until I needed to cut my own design for a project.  A friend told me I could purchase a program that would allow me to use my own images, so I went researching.  I was actually prepared to buy a new Cricut (because it was bigger and better) until I realized that Cricut sued the program that allows you to use your own images.  That sent me searching for a new solution.

After conducting research, I came across the Silhouette.  And, all I can say - the Cricut pales in comparison!  Out of the box, I was able to use my own images.  And, every frustration I had with the Cricut was addressed by the Silhouette.  This machine works beautifully!  I've cut paper.  I've cut fabric.  I have seen complaints regarding the life of the blades and the cutting mats.  I haven't had issues with either one.  The possibilities are endless with this machine.  I'm nothing short of impressed and would recommend it over the Cricut any day.  Silhouette has a better business model, and they've got a better machine."
"Basically all I can say is wow so far about this product. Whatever negative reviews you see online in regards to this product, I'd say the current revision of this product has been solid. The mat as mentioned on the previous review is bang on. The mat is just tacky enough to place the card stock on, and to take it off. As for the blade it is pretty good in cutting objects.

As for the size, the capability, I can say hands down this is better than any Cricut that I've seen. As for the library of objects to cut from, way better than Cricut as you are limited to their cartridges, and the speed of purchasing the objects is just instant, so no complaints there at all.

All I have to say, this is how a cutting machine should really be and Silhouette you got this all figured out correctly."
"I have been trying to decide for almost a year on which cutter to purchase.  I read reviews on all of the ones I was interested in. When Craftwell came out with the no matt cutter I began to watch the reviews on it.  I really like what I saw on the Cricut cutters, too.  What finally made my decision was the fact that Cricut cartridges were too expensive and I didn't want to keep investing in this hobby.  The Craftwell reviews were not consistent.  The reviews on the Silhouette were all good.  After purchasing this, I don't know what the issue with the matt is all about.  This cutter is great.  It is so precise and very easy to learn.  I love it."
"Sometimes the time I feel I spend setting this thing up to work properly, I'd be better off cutting by hand. But, in the end, I never have red sore blistered fingers from using an exacto so intensively.

I usually cut stencils with Pellon 70. This material doesn't work at all on this machine. it actually dulls the blade FAST! Which totally surprised me. Then I tried using illustration board. It works fine, but dulls the knife quickly. Acetate seems to work for my needs, but it needs to be thick enough not to tear when removing the film.

After not too many uses, I needed to buy new needles, and they aren't cheap. And now my the sticky board is losing it's ""stick"".

At this point, it's a 50/50 deal on whether or not it was worth the cost for me. When I get at least another 20 stencils from it, that will probably surpass into the positive. But, I definitely can't say I'm confident to use it every time.

it did produce some VERY complex stencils for me, and effortlessly once I figured it all out. But, it doesn't do it perfectly every time.

I totally recommend this to simple crafters that are just trying to create simple smaller die cuts out of relatively thin materials. I think the complex jobs require complex machinery. But I won't know until I can afford one of those babies though.

Everything works on my mac using Illustrator CS to produce DXF files, and then I just open the DXF in the Cameo program. had to research the hell out of the internet to figure it all out though.

Make sure your vector files in Illustrator before you export to DXF are all ungrouped objects, or you will get blank files in the cameo program.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Diary-of-a-Body-Painter/dp/B0083ZOELK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Diary of a Body Painter</a>"
"I own a business and we manufacture personalized gifts, and for the last five years we had one specific item that required me to use an Xacto knife to cut small squares that were used on the products we sell.  I reached out to Silhouette via email and explained what we do, and asked if the Cameo could accommodate our needs.  I quickly received a reply from someone who indicated that the Cameo was capable of producing the results we were looking for.  I placed my order the next day.

I received the unit the next day and set it up on the end of a table - it takes up as much space as my color laser printers.  The unit itself is small, but you have to have adequate clearance available in front and behind the unit.  The device was very easy to setup, and the drivers and software were very easy to setup.  Once I had the unit setup I ran a demo job on a sheet of paper, and the results were absolutely perfect.  I didn't even have to run a calibration on the machine.

I have been using the device for about two weeks now, and we use it to cut weatherproof polyester labels that we print designs on.  We use the cut & print feature, so we print to our color laser, and then the Cameo cuts the labels as designed in the software.  The results have been absolutely perfect.  The only problem we had was with a glossy silver stock label that we use - the Cameo had a hard time reading the registration marks, so we increased the size of the marks in the software and that actually solved the problem - that was very easy to resolve.

We upgraded the software almost out of the box, and the software is absolutely fantastic.  It is intuitive and very powerful - that is a combination hard to find.  We use a variety of personalization software in our business for laser and rotary engraving, but the software that came with the Cameo is by the best software platform that we have ever used.  It does run a little bit slow on one of our production machines, but it is a very basic machine with an older AMD chipset and only 4GB of RAM.  I have another machine that is faster and the software runs flawlessly.

We are using the Cameo in a production environment, and this unit allows us to eliminate the need for manually cutting out shapes with an Xacto knife, which was time consuming and not always perfect.  The Cameo not only provides perfect cuts, but it also allows us to cut shapes with curves that we otherwise were unable to cut without hard to use stencils.  We are now in the process of expanding our product line as a result of the added possibilities.  I am confident that this will add to our bottom line very quickly, and the relatively low cost of the Cameo will provide for a very fast return on investment.  The Cameo is also much safer than handling an Xacto knife, and as a small business owner reducing the chance of injury to someone on staff is very important.

I highly recommend the Silhouette Cameo based on it's ease of use, the powerful software, the broad applications for use and the low cost.  I purchased the unit with some recommended extras - an extra blade (which I haven't needed to install yet), a vinyl into kit, an extra 12x12 cutting mat, and a 12x24 cutting mat.  The Silhouette Cameo is a fantastic item for my business."
"I couldn't decide between a Cricut or Cameo but eventually decided on the Cameo. I am new to scrapbooking and was nervous about how to use the machines. Boy am I happy I got the Silhouette Cameo. Software is fairly easy to use, I'm still getting used to it. I like that I don't have to buy cartridges. I use many of the Cricut accessories, like the cutting mats, etc with this machine and they work perfectly. Possibilities are endless with this machine!"
"After much research I decided on this machine to make stencils for my projects,  it is easy  set up and I quickly cut my first stencil.  The software is easy to work with once you follow the tutorial and there is so much more you will be anxious to try.  I absolutely love this machine and I have never had any kind of machine like this before.  Careful it's addicting."
"I purchased my cameo about three weeks ago. I was hestitant at first...because $269.99 is a lot of money! After much research, all the positive reviews out weighed the negative. My first night with it was hell! I was so hot and frustrated! All it did was cut random lines and sometimes would eat my paper. Well the next evening, I decided to refresh myself and read over all my instructions over again and make sure I was doing everything correctly. It's worked perfectly since and I am so glad I purchased this. It was a great investment. I mean it does still eat my paper sometimes and the cutting Mat is not durable at all....but there are going to be flaws with most things. Other than that, I am very happy with my cameo and just love it. I use it everyday!"
"Wow!  I've had other digital cutters in the past.  This Silhouette exceeds my expectations.  The paper does not get jammed, the blade cuts clean every single time.  This recent purchase was to scrap my Disney vacation photos, I had anticipated only using it for custom cut titles.  The online catalog had so many cute and inexpensive downloads that I've scrapped tons of pages.  The set up is simple, no calibration, the software is as easy as microsoft.  If you're on the fence, this is hands down the best Ive used. I've used my friends Commercial grade Pazzle, and Cricut machines.  This is far better and costs less."
"I got this for Christmas and LOVE it! I have created so many things with it so far--banners, cards, cupcake toppers, vinyl decals, etc. I am only giving it 4 stars because the plastic mat that you use has already been replaced 3 times and they are about $20 each. I also wish they sold the accessories at local stores. The directions are not as thorough as I needed at the beginning so I had to do a lot of trial and error. I would definitely say to get one because the projects you can create are endless!"
"I was a Cricut owner for a year. At first it was for light use only... until I took up cardmaking. I quickly learned that there was little flexibility and that the cost of cartridges really added up. After expressing this frustration to my husband, he purchased the Cameo as my Mother's Day gift. Let me just say: I am in LOVE!

Set-up was quick and easy - I cut my first project within 20 minutes of opening the box, hooking up cords, and installing. I experienced ZERO driver or hardware problems. I've seen some reviews in which people complain about the ""stickiness"" of the pad - for my own liking, it's perfect. With my Cricut, the paper constantly shifted while being cut. With the Cameo pad, I know my project will stay in place. I do occassionally have to play with blade settings for different media, but I had to do the same thing with my Cricut. I don't think I've had any of the problems listed in the negative reviews. Honestly, I think a lot of the Cameo horror stories are grossly due to user error.

The Silhouette Studio software is AMAZING. There has yet to be a moment where I've thought, ""Hey, I really wish my Cameo could do (fill in the blank)."" I haven't felt a limit to my creativity once. I've made 3D purses, bookmarks, tons of cards, a paper airplane, envelopes, gift boxes...even a cute little ""make a pizza"" set for my daughter!

If you're trying to decide between the  Cameo or Cricut, I do have some food for thought. At the time of this review, the Cricut Expression 2 is $249 on Amazon; The Cameo is $269. Sure, the Cricut is $20 cheaper, but get ready to start paying $25-40 per cartridge. And good luck finding all of the shapes you want on just one. But if you want to step up your crafting, go with the Cameo. Keep in mind you'll need a little software prowess for the Cameo. I certainly know my way around graphic design programs and I still needed a few minutes to adjust to the software. All things considered, my Cameo kicks the snot out of my Cricut.

To sum it up: the Cricut is a great machine to ""learn"" on; the Cameo is for those looking for more creative possibilities.

---------

Things I've learned along the way (Updating this as I come across stuff):

* If you're cutting a thicker material, double cut it. You can do this in the cut settings by checking the Double Cut box (directly above the blade settings).

* For me, narrow cursive lettering doesn't cut well. Use a wider/thicker cursive font for a clean cut.

* The only ""warning"" I would issue, is not to skimp on cardstock. A ""cheap"" cardstock, no matter what the blade setting, does not play well with the Cameo. I suggest a ""medium"" weight cardstock. Not too flimsy, but not boarding on cardboard.

* A new FREE shape is available for download at the Silhouette Blog every Tuesday. Take advantage of it! The blog also has GREAT project ideas.

* Follow Silhouette on Pinterest. They frequently pin other users' projects and it's a great way to get some inspiration.

* Shop the clearance. The Cameo store also has weekly clearance items. You can get shapes for a fraction of the cost, and it changes every Tuesday.

* If you REALLY like the Silhouette Shop, consider a monthly subscription. Rather than buying shapes as you need them and paying more out of pocket, opt for a subscription that gives you a monthly credit. The $9.99 subscription option gives you $25 to spend each month in the store. You can also use a coupon code to take a percentage off. I personally found a 10% off code and pay just $13.50 for $50 in Silhouette Store credit (I have the Deluxe Subscription). The only catch is that you do have to commit for a year. But if you love your Cameo, it's not really a deal breaker."
"The quality of the product is amazing. I love my silhouette. I find the purchasing online rather than buying individual cartridges a lot better and more efficient compared to how the Cricut is set up. I think the Silhouette run smoothly and has many designing opportunities and I would recommend it to any craft addict out there! Also, the timing of the delivery from Amazon was within a couple days. I purchased my product on an evening and got it I think two days later. Definitely impressive."
I love my Silhouette.  Had it for a couple months now and have done tons on it.  The mats aren't very good so I just buy the Cricut mat and cut it.  Had to send and email to tech support twice now for something I couldn't figure out.  Had an answer to fix it both times within 5 minutes.  Very Pleased.
"Just a quick review. I received my Silhouette Cameo the other day. After doing research on the Cricut and the rest of the jazz for the past two years and reading about their limitations with needing a cartridge for everything which in my opinion is ridiculous,I saw this machine and bought it. I was sold on the fact that it is for the creative person and not your conventional robot. I struggled with it for two days, after that I just love it. Awesome piece of equipment. Works fantastic on 110# card stock setting the cutting blade at two (2). Loading it is a breeze, I just line the piece of paper up at the top edge of the mat and hit the load button.  I have never used one of these cutting machines before in my life. Just open the program, open your folder and select all files to show everything you've got, import your picture/design, in file go to page setup and select the default which is 8 1/2 x 11. In the right hand corner click on the registration marks, then click show registration, click on your design and size it within the red outline, next click trace, then go to the outside corner of your design, click and cover the entire working are, next click on trace outline, send the design to the printer, after printing line up your paper on the mat, load, auto-detect registration marks, cut, then unload. Once you get the hang of it, it is pretty easy. I had problems with it cutting off certain parts not meant to be cut. Just go in tho your design program and fill in any areas necessary to eliminate unwanted cutting. I highly recommend this machine. So far so good......Just hope it lasts a long time. Have fun as I am..........."
"I received this just tonight and have cut out several large letters and shapes.  On thicker card stock at a slower speed, the thing sort of sings.  It whirs and purrs and makes the funniest sounds.  Other posters have said it is loud and it does make considerable noise but at least it's got style!

I found the set-up easy and intuitive and it cut through the first time.  It doesn't have the feel of a durable machine so I'm a little concerned about whether or not it will continue to work but so far - I LOVE IT!"
"This is a great printer! I was originally gong to get the Cricut, but a friend told me about thie Silhouette so I checked it out and loved that I didn't need to buy cartridges. I'm throwing my kids a Cat in the Hat birthday party, and I made all of the decorations using this printer! This is an awesome machine and I would recommend it to anyone who is crafty."
"I love my Silhouette Cameo from the day I received (Tuesday May 8, 2012) until today I have cut more than 180 sheets of 12 x 18 inches without any complaints from the machine and the cutting blade, according to my estimate it working transit blade to see how long cutting cardboard.
I do not understand does not work with Adobe Illustrator as his younger brother CraftRobo, is tedious to convert svg then using silhouette studio ( I bought a license to Designer Edition $49.99 ) has good stuff, but prefer them to do a driver in the future to Adobe Illustrator for Cameo Silhouette.
I want them to do a driver even for for Adobe illustrator cs3
Before CraftRobo used and the only thing wrong was its small size."
"I LOVE the Silhouette Cameo.  I have had it about a month and it is fabulous so far!  It is a little bit hard to use, but once you learn how to use the free software - it is GREAT!!  I love being able to cut anything and not be restricted to cartridges.  The creativity is unlimited!  The machine cuts very well with nice sharp cuts.  The sticky cutting mats are just the right amount of sticky - they hold the paper, but it is also easy to remove without tearing the paper.  I would recommend the Silhouette!"
"Easy to use! Cuts Great!  Software easy to learn!  Love all the designs!  Buy only the designs you want!  After having a cricut for  years, I would love to sell it just so I would have have more Money to buy designs!"
The Cameo is an excellent machine. But the blades are a big disappointment. What is the point of having a good machine if the blades do not last?. I think Silhoutte America should do something about it because nobody will buy a machine if the blades are so bad and expensive.
"Other reviewers have stated that this product is loud.  It is loud.  That is the only con I have found.  I love, love, love what it can do!  Super fun and I've found tons of uses for it already."
"I recently decided that I needed to buy a new die cutter. I just could not deal with the Cricut anymore, so I gave it to a friend of mine to try. I felt kinda bad sticking her with it, but did she ask for it!

I definitely wanted something that would allow me to cut my own designs, and definitely did NOT want to buy something that forces you to buy 40 useless shapes when you only need ONE! I did a little research and decided that for the money the Silhouette CAMEO was the one. I have not been disappointed! I love this machine. I wish I would have thrown the Cricut out the window years ago. This little machine cuts like a dream and I have found TONS of cool designs on the Silhouette website for only .99 cents each. No more $40 cartridges!!! YAY!! I was also able to create and cut MY OWN DESIGNS!!! Now, with that said, I am a very proficient computer user, so if the thought of touching a computer gives you nightmares, this may not be the machine for you. BUT if you are willing to give that ol'computer a try, this is the machine!"
"I bought this because everyone said it's so much better than the cricut - and I wish I hadn't wasted the money.  If you have a lot of patience and a lot of money to replace the blades and cutting mat, you might not mind. But it's nowhere near as cool as the pictures of all the things you can make with it seem. The first project just didn't work. And the blade broke on my second project. Not impressed at all."
Having already been a user of the Silhouette cutting machine I just purchased the Cameo as an upgrade because it has a larger cutting space than my old one. My old machine was still cutting away like brand new even after constant daily use for the past 2 years. Can't find a better more affordable cutter anywhere else and I'm very happy with my machines. I recommend Silhouette to anyone looking for a fantastic cutter. It's great!!
"This is the most amazing crafting tool ever, great for any which thing you can imagine, if you're not into designing, there are loads of templates available. A must have."
"I got my machine in February, so I've had plenty of time to play with and accurately review it. Let me start by saying that I have owned the small Cricut, then the Cricut Expression with the SCAL program, and now this with the Designer Studio software. So, I'm pretty familiar with this type of machine. You will need a computer to use it, so if you don't have one, stick with the Cricut. I'd suggest getting a pick and spatula tool as well. I have&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cricut-7-Piece-Tool-Kit-for-Cricut-Cutting-Machines/dp/B0013L9NN0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cricut 7-Piece Tool Kit for Cricut Cutting Machines</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cricut-Spatula-Tool/dp/B000NP1ESO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cricut Spatula Tool</a>&nbsp;and they work perfectly. I actually prefer the Cricut spatula over the smaller and triangle shaped&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Spatula/dp/B005H3TB3C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Spatula</a>, which I own as well. I was excited to completely ditch expensive cartridges and that this one can cut 12"" x 10 Feet in comparison to the Expression only being able to cut 12 x 24"". This machine also can cut things that have a backing without a mat. I cut vinyl a lot, so this was a definite plus for me. The software is really easy to figure out and there are tons of helpful videos online, if you are having trouble. If you are like me, you may not even need the Designer edition. I bought it, but haven't used anything that wasn't included in the free version yet. So, definitely download the free version and use it before going for the one you have to pay for. I actually downloaded the free version before my Cameo arrived and got familiar with it, so that I'd be ready to go as soon as the machine came. If you already have Make The Cut (MTC) or Sure Cuts Alot (SCAL), you can use them with this machine as well. You may have to download an update, but they can be used. This was another advantage the Cameo had over the Cricut considering that they (Cricut) sued these companies and you can no longer use the softwares with the new Cricut machines. So, you are forced to buy the expensive cartridges and are limited to what fonts, images, etc that are on those cartridges. With the Cameo, you can use any font that you have on your computer and download whatever fonts you find online. The same thing goes with images..If you can trace the image, you can cut it. Even very intricate things can be cut. It is truly amazing how well this machine cuts. I've used mine for Heat Trasnfer Vinyl more than anything else, which is cut in reverse and ironed onto fabric, like a shirt. I've uploaded pictures of some of the things I've done to show how intricate this machine can cut. It is louder than the Cricut, so don't be alarmed...it almost sounds broken, but it's not and you will get use to it. It's just how it's made. You are able to use Cricut mats in it as well. This is great for people like me that don't have Silhouette dealers anywhere close. So, if I need a mat in a pinch, I have the option of running to my local craft store to buy a mat. There are also options for making your mat sticky again. You can find videos and tutorials for that all over too. I bought a few extra blades when I bought my machine so that I would have them, but haven't had to switch it out yet, and I've used it quite a bit. I haven't used the Print and cut feature or the rhinestone, but want to try it at some point. I still would love this machine, even if it wasn't capable of those two functions. The bottom line is that this is the best machine on the market in this price range. A Cricut will cost you so much more in the long run with buying cartridges and just really limits what you can design. I hope this helps."
"The Cameo is great -- within 30 minutes, I was printing things like a pro.

Vinyl is a bit hard to feed into the machine without curling, but once in, the cut is perfect.

I can't wait to have more things to create, and I only regret that I'm not full of more ideas!"
"The Silhouette Cameo is a great electronic cutter!  The Silhouette Cameo comes with a program or you can go to Silhouette America's website and download the program for free.

I've cut cardstock, vinyl and iron-on transfer paper.  The Cameo cuts so nicely!  I've downloaded images from Silhouette America's online website, as well as jpg images from the web.  The projects that can be made are endless!

If you are comfortable with computer programs and able to learn from others, there are numerous other Cameo users who have created online videos and blogs to help others learn more about the machine.

Some users like the Eclipmat from Sizzix.  It is 12""x24"", instead of 12""x12"".  I've had no problems with the mat that comes with the cutter.

The machine is on the loud side when cutting.  I don't have a problem with it.  I'm more concerned about performance, which I've had no problem with.  There are times when you do have to adjust the settings of the blade manually.  When I've cut vinyl with the mat, I've had to adjust the blade.

Overall, the Cameo was a far better choice than the Cricut Expressions, which is overpriced for what you can do with it."
I love it. Easy to use. Cuts so nicely. I have lots of projects planned and have completed 2 so far. They both came out very well. I already may need a new mat. I plan to keep a mat and blades on hand since I have no local place to buy them. I love being able to use this off the computer and using my own designs.
"I just received my Silhouette Cameo (SC) Friday, and I have been looking forward to this machine since it was announced. Before cutting anything, I read the manual cover to cover. Afterwards, I decided to do a simple cut because this is my first cutting machine, and I am unfamiliar with how they work. I selected the control panel design that came with the Silhouette. I followed the instructions in the manual and selected ""cut"" in the studio. The SC starts up and begins to cut (very loudly). When it finished, I was shocked. My paper hadn't been touched. I realized I hadn't put the blade all the way down, so I corrected my mistake and recut the control panel. The SC begins to cut (again very loudly), and this time, there are just random cuts all over the paper. It doesn't look anything like the control panel. I took the cardstock off of the cutting mat (it took me 8 minutes because the cutting mat was so sticky it ripped the paper and I had to pick little pieces off of the mat). I put another piece of cardstock on the mat and tried it again, but this time, I adjusted the blade to a 3 instead of a 2. It did the same thing, but you could make out some of the shapes. I adjusted the blade to a 4, and this time, the blade cut through the cutting mat and the paper, but the shape of the control panel was still not there. I sent an email (at 1:06 am on a Saturday) to Silhouette America asking what I was doing wrong. 16 hours later, I received an email telling me:
""We would advise you to ensure that when you load your cutting mat that you line it up with the small hash mark on the far left side of the machine (rather than loading it justified to the left against the blade adjustment receptacle). We have found that with some new Cameo users that the mat is being loaded too far to the left and so not properly gripped by both white rollers even though it may appear to be gripped properly at first. Proper alignment with the guide mark in front of the left white roller should correct your concern. You will also want to ensure you are using the proper loading method on the Silhouette LCD screen. Ensure the black dot on your screen is next to ""Load Cutting Mat"" if you are using the mat. If cutting vinyl make sure the black dot is next to ""Load Media"".""
I followed those instructions exactly (with a new cutting mat, new piece of cardstock, and the blade set on 3). The SC did a great job cutting out the button slots, but the outer square was crooked. I tried it again 2 more times, and they came out worse. I sent another email to Silhouette America. Their response:
""Could you please confirm whether the mat appears to become dislodged from the pinch rollers at any point during the cutting process, or does the mat appear to be gripped well during the entire course of the cutting process?""
I responded: ""It becomes dislodged, but when it does stay gripped, the mat gets stuck and the blade can't move.""
I am still waiting on a response. I really hope that I can figure out why it is so difficult to make cuts because I really want my SC to work. I have checked the tutorials and their blog to see if I could figure out where I was making mistakes, but I'm doing everything I am told to do, but none of the control panels are coming out right. I will update my review as I receive emails and help from Silhouette America.

UPDATE: Turns out there was a roller missing on my Cameo, Silhouette replaced it, and everything is great. I absolutely love it. :-)"
"After using another leading electronic craft cutter for some time, I was disappointed in how limited it truly was. Being dependent on cartridges, even via the online craft room, was so frustrating.
Not so with the Silhouette Cameo! The Cameo is software based, rather than cartridge based. I can utilize nearly any digital image by importing it into the software, tweaking it as I see fit and cutting it out via the Cameo.
It certainly helps to have a good working knowledge of graphic design software to begin with. Having that knowledge allowed me to tweak images that may otherwise have been more than a little challenging to use in the print and cut feature.
There are folks who would find the Silhouette Cameo a struggle if they are not comfortable with graphic design software or otherwise find it difficult to navigate through software. For those folks, the ""other"" electronic cutter may be the answer. For the rest of you who are confident using a computer and graphic software...nothing tops the Silhouette Cameo. The possibilities truly are endless. Seriously!"
Happy with shipment and how the product works. I use it almost everyday! I can't wait for my creations to pay for the machine and that should be happening very quickly now.
"I really agonized over which die cutting machine to buy, the Cricut or the Silhouette.  After much research I chose the Silhouette Cameo and couldn't be happier.  I downloaded the free software before I even got the machine, so when it arrived all I had to do was plug it into the wall, connect to the computer, and start using it.  IF you have basic computer skills you can use this.  Unlike the Cricut, I can and have uploaded my own images into the software and cut them!  I know I have already saved money over a Cricut machine because I can buy individual images from thier library for $0.99 and downloaded the free images they provide everyweek.  I don't have to buy a cartidge for $30 to $90 for one image.  I have also been able to use the print and cut feature, which, as the name suggest, allows me to print an image using my regular printer and then cut it with the Silhouette.  I could go on and on, but for me the restrictions of the Cricut made it a no go, and the flexability of the Silhouette Cameo have made it a great investment.  PS.  My husband, an engineer, thinks this machine is cool."
"I have owned this machine now for about 2 months and I love it! I create and sell party supplies on Etsy and this really helps me with designs or themes that I don't have on my Cricut machine. It is really nice to need a design, download it, then be able to cut it all in just a few minutes. I love the monthly Silhouette membership option as well, I purchased it with a coupon code and pay 11.99 a month for 150.00 in credit. That gives me so many design options! I love my Cricut as well, but was getting tired of having to buy a cartridge every time I wanted something new. Not to mention I own all the cartridges that I like and was running out of ones that I really wanted to buy. This machine is amazing with the features it has. The print and cut feature, and being able to import my own jpg files in were the main reason I purchased this machine. I use both machines every day and combined my endless creative ideas are able to come to life!

Also gotta love Amazon Prime....the best 79.00 I spend per year. Free 2 day shipping and no tax and great customer service makes it all worthwhile to purchase from them."
"I can tell that this product is going to be wonderful. I have had it for a few weeks now, with not many projects to use it for. But I sure love playing with it. I can tell that it will be fabulous when I know how to work it. I don't feel like I have figured out the settings too well.

The cutting mat is definitely sticky, but I haven't had an issue with it except when creating very small print letters or intricate, thin designs.

The blade is very precise, meaning you have to have the settings just right or it won't work correctly. These are just two small things I've found to be slightly inconvenient. But I do love it and I'm excited to get to know it better.

Loved the free templates and the software! Awesome"
"I've had my Cameo for a little over a month now and I just love it. For me it was replacing a Cricut Expression. The cuts on the Cameo are so much cleaner and more detailed, which was a huge complaint for me about the Cricut Expression. I didn't have any problems getting it set up on my laptop or getting the Cameo to cut. It did take me a time or two to get the paper settings and blade depth at the ideal settings, but I expected to have to test that a couple times. I will say it's not a quiet machine, but it is significantly quieter than my Cricut Expression was, so I'm still happy with that. I also adore the designs available in the Silhouette store. I would recommend getting subscription at least at first until your collection of designs builds up. I'm also excited to start collecting some of the awesome free cutting files available online :)"
"Far better than a Cricut! You aren't stuck buying cartridges for one image or font; you can buy the one you want for under a buck. It uses fonts off your computer. The store is super easy to navigate and the machine is very user friendly. The actual program takes some getting used to, but worth the time. If only I could post pictures of all the neat stuff I've done with it and only within the first week of having it!"
"This machine is ok but needs some work.  First of all, it seems to be a reoccuring problem that the machines are coming with hardware problems.  Mine worked fine for about a week then one day it just stopped cutting through all designs.  After a few tweaks it still didn't work so silhouette suggested a return at my expense ($38).  They would only refund shipping in an online credit.  The machine requires alot of upfront investment and to have mine crash after a week makes me very nervous about the replacement.  I am still not sold on the quality and hardware of this product given all the bad experiences ive had already."
"This machine is fantastic. I wanted to get a basic cutter to make some custom wedding invitations, and to etch my own designs on glass. I didn't like the cartridge system of the Cricut, and thought this would be the way to go. I asked for a custom die cut machine, I got a 2 axis CNC machine for thin materials. This thing cuts anything, paper, vinal, cardstock, plastic, I even made some of my own balsa airplanes for my kids. The software works very well, but watch some of the you tube videos of people making things with it rather than the provided videos. One thing nice about the software, it's free, you can go out and get it right now and try it out before you buy anything. Everything has worked very well for me, the only bad thing I can say about it it it really should have come with a scraper and a spatula for 250 bucks."
"The Silhouette CAMEO is an amazing little machine.  Really... there's not much more to say about it.  It was a bit tricky for me to use at first, but I made sure to use it once a day for a week or so and now, it's pretty simple.  It is a big machine though, so it's hard for me to find a permanent place for it, but I'm sure that once I'm independently wealthy, I'll buy a house with a room just for the Silhouette. :)"
"I love my silhouette cameo!  My husband has his own business in the oil field and we were able to make stickers with printable vinyl, with his logo on it for his workers hard hats!! It does the ""print and cut"" and they come out beautifully.  I also have the embosser that fits in the cameo and that comes out great also. It makes the tiny cuts that don't come out as good on the other cutter that I have.  I would recommend this product over and over again!! I also purchased this item with no shipping charges so that was a plus.  I had my eye on the cameo for several months on several websites before I bought it and the no shipping charges was the deciding factor."
I couldn't be happier with this! I had it set up in 10 minutes and was cutting out shapes. The design program is very easy to use. I used to have a Cricut Expression and that does not even compare to this. The cameo cuts beautifully and they have a great selection of images without having to pay for ones I don't like.
"Well, tried my SCameo today for the first time. Cut a stencil out on vinyl adhesive to be able to transfer an image I created to a mirror for etching using the negative. Studio traced the image almost perfectly, and then with bated breath, I pressed ""cut"" and waited while my SCameo buzzed and cut away on its own. BTW, the nose was NOT excessive, so the person complaining about the noise must have over-sensitive ears or something?!? It was quite a large image (8.5 x 14 inches) so it took a little while, but not as long as I thought it would. I was also afraid that I might have gotten a machine with a defective blade as I have been hearing about, but after a few minutes of buzzing, it was finally finished. When I removed the vinyl, I was AMAZED and THRILLED... my graphic image negative was almost PERFECT (99%) and as it came from a drawing of mine (quite intricate), a tiny mistrace of the software program is totally acceptable in my mind.

Having had the Cricut Expression before the SCameo, and seeing the freedom I have to create my own images and cut them out, versus the Cricut that uses STUPID and extremely EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES and finding out they forbade 3rd party software companies so that you can't custom design your own stuff,... I SOLD my Cricut and am not one bit sorry I did. I am going to enjoy cutting out self-made images for our company (including our logo) with this amazing machine!!! The SCAMEO is a better bang for your buck than a Cricut by far, being far more versatile. I gave it a 4star only because I have only used it once, so don't know the limitations of this machine yet being an amateur."
"Was toying with buying a Cricut for so long, but really wanted a machine that would cut my own designs.  I thought this machine was the answer to my prayers.  Upon receiving it, I immediately turned it on and made a few cuts.  The noise was horrible and I can honestly say, ever since that first cut, I have worn headphones when I use this, because the sound is so obnoxious.  For my first project, I tried a few different types of cardstock of varying thicknesses.  Every one of them stuck to the mat which was way too sticky and ripped off a layer of the paper.  The paper becomes burnished to the mat, by the rollers, because it rolls in and out of the machine as it is being cut.  This is what makes the paper stick in two distinct lines.  Certain thicknesses of paper came out with roller marks on the stock.  After many failed attempts at creating anything that looked half decent, I ascertained that maybe the blade was dull.  When I saw this machine being used at my local Paper Source, I asked the sales woman how long the blade lasted.  She said they hadn't changed theirs in 9 months.  I thought, ""Wow...what a great blade!""  Not so.  I had a relatively small project that I purchased this machine for.  I wanted to cut the same relatively simple design through 180 pieces of cardstock.  I calculated I'd need 15 blades to complete the job.  I was right.  I also bought an extra mat ""just in case"".  I was forced to purchase the supplies through the online Silhouette store, as my local art supply stores don't carry replacement blades or mats.  I should mention I live in a major city.  I assumed that because Paper Source sold the machine, they'd sell replacement parts.  Again, not so.  After placing my order, I discovered (after some digging), that the supplies come from Southern California.  I live in Philadelphia.  There was no option to upgrade the shipping.  The blades took 10 days to get to me.  Now, once again, I need replacement blades.  I called the only store in Pennsylvania that is listed in their list of retailers.  It no longer exists.  I also called the stores listed in New York, New Jersey and Delaware, thinking I could have the blades shipped from there to cut down on the shipping time.  Most locations didn't carry the replacement parts, just the machines.  The one store that did have the blades, had one pack and said it wasn't something they normally stocked, but if I wanted it, it was $18.00.  That's $5.00 more than the Silhouette store.  You do the math.  If you need 15 blades to complete small projects, that $5.00 per blade really adds up.  On top of that, the shipping was exorbitant.  After a day of phone calls and much frustration, I called Silhouette and relayed my dilemma.  The couldn't have been less helpful.  I asked if they could get replacement parts brought into all stores that sell their machine.  They suggested I write a letter to my local store.  Isn't that their job?  I also let them know that their retailer list was grossly out of date.  Their answer was a very disinterested, ""Oh, yeah...we're working on that.""  So, here I am, bladeless, with projects on deck, sitting next to a destroyed pile of paper that was shredded by this awful machine.  I really, really wanted to like this machine.  Now I'm sorry I didn't buy the Cricut.  I would happily trade the ability to cut my own designs for a machine that I can stroll down the street and buy replacement blades for, at numerous stores.  I would also like to never have to deal with Silhouette's inferior customer service ever agin.  I think it's important to point out that I'm a professional graphic designer, with 15 years experience, and am extremely savvy when it comes to electronics.  This is completely not user error.  This machine has some serious kinks that need to be worked out.  If I was Silhouette, I'd start with the customer service department which sounds like it's being run out of someone's garage.  I highly recommend that you don't purchase this machine, unless your goal is to only cut out a few very minor, small things per year.  The cost of blades alone will kill you.  And if you're really only dabbling in scrapbooking or card making, the Cricut can handle that a lot better."
This is a fabulous product. The software was easy to install and the machine is a dream to operate. The big plus for me is I can shop at home and there is an enormous selection of downloads most for only $0.99. Well worth the money spent.
I bought this item for a particular purpose not involved with scrapping or paper. Now that I have it I can see lots of fun applications for its use. I plan on trying as many things as I have time to do. I really like the online store and clear instructions.
"This was a Christmas gift for my wife, who wanted the Cricut. I did some research, and saw that this would end up being cheaper because of the pricing options for designs. Amazon description said it would work on OSX 10.5.8. I upgraded my wife's Powerbook G4 with 1.5GHZ processor and 4GB ram to OSX 10.5.8 just so she could use this. The software would not install on her computer. I went to the Silhouette website, and found out that you not only need 10.5.8, but you need a Mac with an Intel processor. Thus, if you have a Powerbook this will not work on your computer."
This machine is simply amazing!  I love it! It does so many amazing things.  I love the fact that you can buy designs as you need them and most designs are only 99.
"Item arrived in one piece, everything is in place, in working condition. Very happy with purchase. Thank you. Rated excellent!"
"This is the first time I've bought a die cutter so I don't have anything to compare it too, but overall I wasn't happy with the product.

I couldn't easily integrate my design from Illustrator into the software, and the plugin suggested by others online didn't work on my Mac version of Illustrator so I have to use their own software ""Silhouette Studio"" which is very limiting. The online template store also doesn't have much templates in it so I had to come up with my own.

Also beware that the settings the software recommends for each paper type doesn't necessarily work and you have to adjust the number on the needle until you can find an easy cut."
"I was excited to use this cutter for making boxes for my small business. Wow. The index paper stuck like glue even when only the top edge of the paper was lightly press to adhere. LOUD when cutting and took several minutes just to cut out the outline of a box, nothing intricate. When using guides after printing on the box layout, cut was always way off.

I was very disappointed in the capability of what this item could do for me."
"About 4 years ago I started with the original cricut. After all the lawsuits, I decided against keeping it and went for an ecraft. Big mistake. Since the silhouette was my second choice behind the ecraft, I decided to go for it. I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER!!! I LOVE  all of the design customizations you can do with the software you get with the machine (no purchasing extra software!) and I love that you get a gift card for the online design store, and they offer a free design every week!

Other things I love is that if you want just one design, you can buy JUST THAT DESIGN! Most items in their store are only 99 cents, compared to $40 cartridge prices if your just looking for one design. I also like that there are different projects you can do beyond scrap booking - rhinestones, fabric, 3d crafts, etc.

In short, If your not computer savvy, and want a machine by itself, get a different cutter. If you want to be in control of YOUR projects, get the silhouette. You won't be disappointed!"
I love love love this machine!! I am so happy I read the reviews before buying the cricut or else I would have never bought the Cameo. So easy to use. The shop has so many cheep designs and a free design every week thats super cute. The Cameo gives me all the freedom I want to design my own projects. I don't know how I ever lived with out it.
"I just got my Cameo, and absolutely love it! It is easy to use, the website and support are great, and I could not be more pleased with the overall product. I originally purchased an eCraft, and was really dissapointed with the output, the fact the software was not Mac compatible, and the website/support was rudimentary. Don't waste your money on any other machine - the Cameo is amazing!!"
"I was SO excited about this machine. I am so sad to that it didn't work as I had thought it would. Everytime I cut paper, I need to replace the blade because paper pieces get stuck inside the blade casing and I cannot remove them (I have tried MULTIPLE times). If I DO NOT replace the blade when there's paper residue stuck inside the casing then only half of the paper/vinyl I am attempting to cut, cuts. The first time i used the cutting matt the paper I had put on there stuck really bad. When I attempted to take it off, the top layer of paper came off. I scraped the rest off using the spatula, but now it's not sticky enough. Those are my biggest complaints. I have wasted lots of vinyl/paper and am very frustrated with the product. I will say that I liked the software a lot. I think that if you were to ONLY use this machine for fabric or vinyl it might be a great machine for you, but the beauty in this product (to me) was that you could use it for multiple different things. It worked GREAT for fabric, and pretty good for vinyl too (if you were using a new blade), but if you do get a silhouette, I would plan on having a different blade for each thing you cut. Hope this helps."
"I first want to start by saying I have owned many Cricut machines, including the most recent Expression 2.  I was dedicated to the brand.  This until a friend of mine showed me her Silhouette SD.  The cuts were so precise!  No paper ripping, no rough edges, no expensive cartridges and beautiful outcomes!  I decided I was going to sell my Cricut and purchase the new Silhouette Cameo.  I have been using it every day for about a week and I have not regretted my decision to part with my Cricut!  I can honestly say, this machine is great.

I find myself in shock after cutting each image.  It is so clean, the images are stunning!  The graphics available through the design software that came with the Silhoette are wonderful.  If you go to Silhouette's website, you can preview the designs for free, prior to purchase.  The images are relatively cheap compared to having to buy expensive cartridges in which you only need one image.  Almost all of the images are .99 and you can use your own fonts along with the supplied software.  I have used a couple of websites which sell SVG files and print them out then cut.  They turn out amazing!  Included with your Silhoette purchase, you receive a $10 credit towards the online store.  I should also mention you can purchase a subscription (which is what I did) instead of paying per image.  I used a coupon code which saved 20% on the subscription rate.  A quick google search will help you find a code.  I pay $16 a month for $150 of images!!!  That is nearly 150 images!  There are lower rates available too but decided this was the best bang for my buck.  I am able to use $150 of images in 2 months time, meaning, if I don't use all my ""credits"" within the month, they don't expire until the following month.  Great deal!

Another positive the Cameo has over the Cricut is the cutting mats and accessories.  The cutting mat is wonderful, not too sticky, just perfect.  Recently, Cricut changed their cutting mats in which I couldn't get anything to stick while cutting, thus ruining projects!  Not the Cameo!  I have used my mat a ton and it is still sticky, Silhoette claims their mats last 5 times longer than Cricut... I completely believe it!  Another fun thing about the Silhoette is the sketch pens.  I was skeptical at first but bought the metallic pens and the designs turned out so beautifully!  The pens are great quality!

Another point I would like to bring up is customer service.  Their customer service is amazing!  If you email them during business hours, they respond within 5 minutes, if that.  Now that's customer service!  Another example is when I called their 1-800 number.  I was expecting to wait on hold after pushing numerous buttons to get to the right peron.  I dialed the number and I heard, ""thanks for calling Silhoette..."".  Shocking!  They were very friendly and helpful.

In conclusion, I have to respectfully disagree with the prior review.  I am a card maker and mom who loves to make goodie bags for my kids' school classes and I can honestly say, The Silhoette Cameo is a great, great product!  Anyone who is on the fence... trust me, you will love it!  No more Cricut and no more expensive cartridges!  :)"
"I am writing this review from the perspective of a comparison between the Cricut Expression 2 and the Silhouette Cameo. My review is also approaching the application of these machines from a more industrial perspective, NOT from an arts & crafts perspective. In other words, what applications can inexpensive computer-controlled cutting machines be put to outside of the usual arts & crafts world, and how do the two most popular machines of that type compare in those divergent applications?

By Arts & Crafts, I am referring to applications that involve the usual 'hearts, flowers, puppy dogs, cupcakes' shape cutting. By Industrial, I am referring to other tasks such as cutting stencils for spray painting numbers on shipping crates, cutting gaskets, cutting of labels and industrial markers, cutting picture frame masks, and so on.

NEW*** I have placed a short demo video on YouTube under the title ""Silhouette Cameo Design Demonstration"", URL is [...]

I have obtained and used both machines during the same time period. I have had extensive communications with both manufacturers, both in pre-sales discussions and in post-sales customer/technical support. If I mention a feature of a product here, it is one that I have used and verified personally. If I mention a limitation of a product, it is one that I have experienced personally AND also discussed with the manufacturer to see if I was missing something and/or if there was a work-around or alternative way of achieving the goal.

Both machines will cut out shapes from sheets of flat materials under computerized control. Both machines are very similar in design and layout, and both work in the same mechanical fashion. Both machines are about the same size and can cut shapes from similar sized pieces of raw material. Both machines use a tiny metal knife that is moved up and down under computer control, while the knife holder moves sideways and the material moves front and back. Both machines use a knife blade that swivels so that it always cuts regardless of the direction the material is moving relative to the knife itself.

Other than these similarities, there are significant differences in the philosophy between the two products. Henceforth in this review I will refer to the Cricut Expression 2 as the ""Cricut"" and the Silhouette Cameo as the ""Cameo"".

The Cricut is fundamentally designed to provide a wide range of predefined symbols and symbol sets from which the user can select and assemble the desired craft projects. It does this without the need for any additional equipment, and specifically the user does not need to have a personal computer or have any knowledge of software or computers. It is the more portable of the two products because you can pick it up and take it to another location easily without the need to lug along a personal computer (or have a personal computer in the new location). The Cricut is self-sufficient.

The Cameo is fundamentally designed to act exactly as an inkjet or laser printer does when connected to a personal computer; it is in effect a computer printer that produces patterns by cutting them from material as opposed to producing them by putting ink or toner on material. Without a personal computer, it cannot be used to design shapes or patterns. Its user must be able to learn and use computer software, the same as learning other software such as word processors, photo editing, web browser, page layout, and other popular applications. The Cameo is not self sufficient. HOWEVER, once a design(s) is done using the computer software, you can save the design to an SD memory card (such as are used in most digital cameras), then plug the SD card into a slot on the Cameo. At point the Cameo can be disconnected from the computer, taken elsewhere, and the cutting can be done in any location. However, I have not personally verified this SD card printing feature.

The Cricut does not allow the user to create shapes from scratch. You must find a suitable shape, or group of shapes, from within the huge library of predefined symbols that is spread across a large number of Cricut cartridges. It is possible to 'weld' different shapes together and this offers some flexibility, but ultimately the shapes must originate in the cartridges. When the user has a specific shape in mind and cannot alter it to suit what can be found in the  cartridges, it can become quite frustrating. In the task of trying to assemble the designed custom shape, the user might have to purchase several cartridges, and they are not cheap. It is also quite possible that the desired shape cannot be cut at all.

The Cameo allows the user to create shapes from scratch. There are no cartridges at all. If the user does not wish to design their own shapes, there is also an extensive library of online shapes designed by other users. Cameo does not limit where the shapes come from, but does offer a great many from their own online library at 99 cents per shape. The user can buy only the shape, or shapes, desired and he/she does not need to buy an expensive cartridge only to get a single shape from it. Instead of purchasing shapes designed by others, the user can draw any desired shape using the computer software, and can offer it to others for use.

The Cricut has a nice display, consisting of a color LCD screen with touch sensitive surface. All the operations can be performed by touching the screen, or for more precise selections a plastic stylus is included. Once a given cartridge is plugged into the Cricut, all of its shapes can be viewed on the screen as tiny thumbnail images, and the desired shapes can be selected to a queue, from which they can be dragged to a virtual cutting mat, showing where they will appear on the material to be cut. Any shape can be selected, enlarged, and re-sized.

The Cameo has a small simple display like a calculator's or that of an older cell phone. It displays only one color and shows only text. It is used for diagnostics and for messages like ""Load the material"" and ""Unload the material"". It can also be used to initiate printing based on design(s) stored on an SD card, as previously mentioned. All other operations are done using the included computer software, using the  computer's keyboard, mouse and screen.

The Cricut can be used, optionally, with the free Craft Room software on a personal computer. This software must be downloaded from the Cricut website; it is not included with the machine. The software includes a library of all currently known cartridges, and allows the user to assemble a complete cutting session before the actual cartridges needed have been purchased. The Craft Room software will not function unless the computer is currently online with Cricut; this is important, since it means that you must have an internet connection anywhere that you want to use the Cricut in conjunction with the Craft Room software. The Craft Room does not allow the user to design their shapes, but it does provide a more user-friendly interface for the Cricut, since more tools and objects can be viewed on the larger computer screen.

The Cameo must be used with the included Studio software; this comes on a CD-ROM in the box with the machine. For a fee of about $50, it will upgrade itself to the more advanced Designer Edition. The main advantages of the Designer Edition are the ability to import a wider range of graphics from other programs. Both the regular version and the Designer Edition allow the same design and cutting functionality, so for most people there is no need to buy the Designer Edition. The Cameo's software only needs to be online with the Silhouette website when you wish to purchase shapes from their library, or when you wish to do an upgrade to a newer version. Otherwise, the software works without the need for an internet connection.

The Cricut includes a white LED headlight next to the blade, so you can see what it is cutting as it does so. The Cameo does not have such a light.

Both machines use cutting mats, which are clear plastic sheets with a special adhesive on the top surface to make it a bit tacky. This holds the material to be cut so that it does not slide around during cuttings. The mats wear out due to wear from the blades cutting through into them, and from the adhesive wearing out.

Both machines use blades that attach to a tool holder on the machines. The Cricut uses tiny blades that fit into a blade holder, while the Cameo requires the user to replace the blade holder when the blade wears out; this makes the Cameo blades a bit more expensive, but on the other hand it is much easier to handle the larger blade holder than it is handling the tiny (and sharp!) Cricut blades. The Cricut blade depth can be adjusted while the blade holder is attached to the machine, whereas the Cameo blade holder must be removed from the machine in order to change blade depth. Both machines seem to cut equally well.

The Cricut is not intended to make its cuts on specific areas of the mat (you can get close, though, using the Craft Room software). The Cameo allows very precise cuts relative to the material, so you can specify that a shape be cut starting 1/2"", for example, from the edge of the material.

The Cricut is not intended for cutting out pre-printed materials; it is intended to cut out shapes in different materials (of materials of different colors) that can be later assembled to form a multi-colored overall shape.

The Cameo is not a printer, but it does allow importing and designing shapes in any desired color or combination of colors. Then it will send the image to the printer of your choice, printing on the material to be cut; this is limited only by the ability of your printer (e.g. inkjet printers ate usually limited to printing on various papers, while laser printers, both black & white and color models, can print on paper as well as a variety of plastics). I would like to point out that 3M (the makers of Scotch tape and Post-Its) have a wonderful product called ""Print To Last"" paper, which is an almost indestructible paper-like plastic material designed for laser printers; it is very useful for crafts and industrial applications. Both the Silhouette tech support folks and I have verified the the Cameo will nicely cut this material using the 'Transparency' cut settings (and I fully expect that the Cricut can cut it too, but have not tried it). The Cameo software will print registration marks on the printed sheet, and when the printed sheet is then loaded into the Cameo machine, it uses an electric eye to scan for the registration marks, and will synchronize and align the cutting with the pre-printed images. This allows an infinite number of printed images and cut shapes to be made. The synchronized cuts are very accurate, matching the desired printed images. The user can specify where the cuts are to be made relative to the printed shapes, or the software can automatically figure it out. This even applies to graphical objects imported into the Cameo software, as opposed to being designed in that software.

The Cricut requires that all text come from the cartridges, so the user is very limited in regards to available fonts. The Cameo software can use any True Type font that is installed on the computer, which means pretty much all fonts available to other Windows applications, and of course you can download any font you want from the internet. Since none of the Cricut cartridges include a 'stencil' style font, you cannot easily use it to cut stencils for painting signs and such.

I find that overall, the Cricut is probably a better choice for people interested simply in arts & crafts projects, or for people who don't have or don't care to use a personal computer. I find that the Cameo is better for people who are prepared to use a personal computer and who desire complete freedom in what shapes they cut.

I have noticed that most crafts stores, such as JoAnn's, Hobby Lobby, Michael's, etc; carry the Cricut Machines and their supplies; I rarely see many cartridges sold in the stores though. Unfortunately, these same stores carry little or no Silhouette supplies. It seems that different chains carry the Silhouette. This may be marketing pressure placed on the stores by the one or both manufacturers. I have read that Cricut blades and cutting mats can be used with the Cameo, but have not experimented with this; some alterations may be needed. But in any case, Supplies for the Silhouette products are widely and readily available online.

Finally, I have found that emails to Cricut take four to fives days before a reply arrives, whereas emails to the Cameo folks are answered almost immediately, and with real and useful responses (and you are talking to people who apparently actually work at Silhouette, not some contracted call center where people read from scripts). I have found that phone calls to Cricut require long waits on hold (typically 20 to 30 minutes) and then often the person answering the phone does not know the answer and transfers me to another group of tech support people, with another long wait. Every time I have called the Cameo folks, I have gotten through very quickly. Most importantly, it seems that Cricut support people either know the software or they know the machine, but not both. The Cameo folks seem to know both the software and the machine, since they must be used together. My experiences with the Cricut software included issues with getting the software to recognize the machine, whereas in my experience, the Cameo software was more bullet proof and installed easily and recognized the machine every time without trouble."
"I was looking forward to this machine as it the third cutting machine and I thought the third time is the charmed. Well this one just like the other companies did not work as promised. It chewed up my paper as if it was hungry and needed to eat. The software that I purchased from another company was great but the machine even when I used its own software it did not work. I guess I still need to use shears and exacto knifes. Sorry this does not work.
The company I purchased this from was prompt and took care to make things right I would purchase from them again."
"I'm so glad I discovered this alternative to a Cricut!  I bought the Silhouette Cameo from Amazon two days ago, and it's incredibly easy to use -- just turn it on and go.  Even the tiniest details are cut cleanly and smoothly.  I can print an image on my printer and then cut it precisely on the Cameo.  Best of all, I'm not obliged to buy a $50 cartridge when all I want is one image.

Instead of cartridges, the Silhouette Cameo is controlled through the included software for your computer.  If, like me, you want to use the artwork collection you already have, I'd definitely recommend upgrading the software to the designer edition (check the coupon sites for silhouetteamerica.com codes).  With it, you can import JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF, etc., images and use the trace feature in the Silhouette software to create exact cuts with just a click.  Each time you print an image, you can tell the Silhouette software to print registration marks.  When you cut the image, the Cameo reads the registration marks to perfectly align the cuts with the printed image.

The software that comes with the Cameo includes 51 images.  You also get a $10 download card you can use at [...] to buy additional images for 99 cents each.  Silhouette has an extensive, searchable library of images.  You can also find compatible images at [...]

Another plus: type fonts.  With the Silhouette Cameo, you have the ability to use and cut all of the fonts you currently have installed on your computer.  No need to buy fonts specifically for the cutter unless you want to.  The machine cuts even delicate script fonts wonderfully.

The Silhouette Cameo cuts all the same media the Cricut does, with the exception of chipboard.  If you create banners, you'll be glad to know that the Cameo can cut vinyl up to 10 feet long.  Colored pens that replace the cutting blade are also available.  You can even buy an accessory that allows you to replace the cutting blade with any ball-point pen, turning the Cameo into a plotter.

Bottom line:  For the same price as the Cricut Expressions 2, the Silhouette Cameo delivers exceptional cutting ability and far more image flexibility.  I highly recommend it."
"There must be some secret learning curve with this machine.  It has yet to cut out one design without ripping the paper and project.  The adhesive mat is like super glue and even scraping slowly with a spatula rips the simple designs.  Very frustrating and huge waste of paper & time trying to figure out the proper setting even using the ""user guide""."
"Waited for the Cameo to come out for quite a while. Prefer the Silhouette over other brands mainly because of two features:
1) Do not have to buy cartridges!
2) Can import your own images to cut.

I purchased the additional software Silhouette Studio Designer Edition which allows the ability to import your own images. There are several tutorials online that show the tricks and shortcuts of the software that have been extremely helpful.

Did discover early on that the blade number the software says to use is not the correct number. Use the number given in the manual for the type of media you are cutting, otherwise it may not cut all the way through.

Overall it is an excellent machine and I have not been disappointed."
bought this for my wife for crafting. debated long on what type of crafting machine to get her. She opted to buy herself a cricket. Ultimately she is very happy with the cameo. Thats not to say that the cricket does not serve a purpose. Like everyhting each has its pros and cons. She just loves the cameo!!
"I love my Cameo cutting machine. It cuts cardstock & vinyl like a dream. My machine was shipped with a great blade so I haven't had any problems. It also works with my software versions of Silhouette Designer, Make The Cut & Sure Cuts a lot Version 3.
SilhouetteAmerica has been great to answer emails even on the weekends."
"I have had my Cameo for a week. It does everything a Cricut can do,and more,without the expensive
cartridges. It does great print and cut,or contour cutting. The only complaint I have,is the new
blade and housing. It is one unit. You can't just relace the blade. My unit came with a defective
blade,so I had to contact customer support. They shipped a replacement right out. I have several
other larger cutters,and one had a blade holder that fits,until the new one comes. I hope the
company refines this blade combo,but even the way it is now,it is ten times the machine the one
that uses the cartridges is."
"I have been using the Silhouette since the original one was released a few years ago and I never had a problem with it.  I also recently purchased the Cameo, the newest Silhouette machine and I must say that I love the fact that I don't have to buy cartridges or spend countless hours searching for cartridge sales.  I can also purchase and download one shape at a time instead of buying a cartridge only to use one shape.  I have cut out numerous vinyl projects, paper, 3-D crafts, and rhinestone templates without any problems.

I'm not sure what problems the 1 star poster had, because she wasn't really specific and I from what I hear, the customer service at Silhouette is awesome! I said ""hear"" because I haven't had the need to contact them.  As for the issue of if your computer crashes, you can easily restore the Silhouette software, just like you would the other software you may have on your computer.  That happened to me and I restored all of my software including the Silhouette software, with no problems.

So if you are on the fence about whether or not you should purchase the Cameo or not, you need to determine what's your preference: a stand alone machine that uses expensive cartridges or a machine that connects to your computer with the ability to use the fonts already on your computer and download the files you want.

Whatever decision you make, have fun crafting!!!"
"The Silhouette Cameo is an amazing machine!  I also had the original Silhouette, and as a long-time cardmaker and scrapbooker I can hardly make anything anymore without getting my Cameo involved.  Once you make the initial investment you really don't need to spend any more than 99 cents here and 99 cents there for individual shapes.  (You can create your own designs and manipulate existing designs to your heart's content.) It also cuts any true type font already installed on your computer and prints and cuts images from whatever source you like to collect images from.

Sure, you can upgrade the software to the Designer Edition for extra features, but the software that comes with the machine (Silhouette Studio) is absolutely fantastic.  No need for SCAL or MTC, although they do work with the Cameo.  Using this machine is a bit more complex than plugging in a cartridge and hitting a cut button, but it is far and away better in its design capabilities than any cartridge-based machine.  The software is easy to learn, especially with the help of the Silhouette Plus forum ([...]), the official Silhouette Blog, and many other blogs of happy Silhouette owners.

On top of all that, you get amazing customer service from Silhouette America.  If you're looking for the *best* digital cutter out there, look no further than the Silhouette Cameo.  You won't be disappointed."
"I absolutely love the Silhouette cutting machine!! I now own three of them; the original (crank) Silhouette, the Silhouette SD, and now the wonderful Cameo. This is one of the best investments I've ever made. I love the ""Print and Cut"" feature but even more, I love being able to design my own cutting files. When Ilearned some people were having trouble figuring out how to use all of its wonderful capabilities I started a free forum and made lots of YouTube videos and in no way am I affiliated with the Silhouette company. I just love these cutting machines. If you ever feel like your not getting everything you expected out of you machine please come visit our Silhouette Plus group at :  [...]"
"I bought the Cameo after debating between it and the Cricut Expression. I LOVE IT!!! In the few weeks I'm had it, I've blinged out a shirt and cut very intricate designs and titles. Because you only buy the designs you want, when you want, I think the cost of owenership is lower, than that of the Expression. The Cameo is the best out there right now!"
"I have had my Cameo for almost a month and love it!  It was so easy to learn how to use and every cut has been perfect.  Great deals on their website to buy only the shapes you want and freebies too!!  Never owned a Cricut didn't want to buy cartridges just for certain shapes - now I have my own library of shapes.  You can buy replacement mats, blades etc. at Michaels!!!  What a wonderful machines - again so easy to use and so many other ways to enhance your projects!!!!!"
"If you are thinking of buying a Cricut. Dont waste your time or money. Buy the Silhouette CAMEO. Trust me you will not be dissapointed.

My Wife is like a kid in a candy store. She is extremely pleased with this cutter. For $280 this machine really cannot be beat.

The software that comes with the Cameo is top notch. Letting you use all of your own fonts and import your own clipart and photos. There is even a online store that lets you purchase designs for $.99. And they give you a $10 gift card for the store in the box as well. If you can use your ""Print Screen"" button on the computer and a simple photo editor, the possibilites are endless even without purchasing designs from the store.

The speed and level of detail this machine can cut is very impressive. Very simple to operate as well.

The only advantage I could see for the Cricut, is the ability to make stuff without a PC. Other than that, why waste all of that money on expensive cartridges. There used to be a couple of software companies that made design software like Make-The-Cut that allowed you to use a cricut with a PC. However, Cricut recently sued the companies who make this software and you can no longer get either of them, forcing you to use cartridges.

Silhouette CAMEO is the clear winner."
"The Silhouette Cameo is a wonderful cutting tool.  I am no longer limited to cutting from cartridges.  The Silhouette folks have a freebie design on Tuesday for you to download too.  I also ordered the heat vinyl and rhinestone kits which come with a CD tutorial.  Using a scale of 1 to 10, this machine will get 10 in my opinion."
"Lousy instructions, expensive, and I have never used it.  Would not buy again unless you are tech smart.  I am not."
"Let's start by saying if you a MAC (which seems like it was build for) using this machine is nice. As a IT professional let's go on to say there is to many issues to connect it to Windows. I have been a week trying to get working on win10, no success. Their help desk is reading a script, so no help. Can only have the cameo as the only printer configured on your PC, unless others are wifi wireless printers. Even Microsoft support has a case on this that does offer more help. But don't help there software connecting. I would like to close with his just Google cameo 3 conning issue before purchasing to see there is pages of sites where people are trying to get it to work. I have done them all, even fresh install of windows with no success. The 1 star is for if you use MAC."
"When it works, it works great.  I am using mine to primarily cut glossy photo paper.  For some reason it has a major issue reading the registration marks.  As you may or may not know, registration marks are essential for cutting. It WILL NOT cut if those marks are not read.  I have found that if you want it to work at all you have to point a freakin spotlight at it to help it see those marks.  If it reads the marks you are golden.  If not..... screwed.  I would say that mine works about 40% of the time and really there is no particular reason why it reads those marks one time and not the next.  It is a freak chance.  Overall, for the money I spent, NOT HAPPY."
Love it!! User friendly! I am a previous Cricut owner and this is by far the best machine! Vinyl with alcohol inks on tile with grandkids
"I love, love, love my silhouette! Had it for years and have done some amazing things with it. I love that their site offers downloadable, individual designs at great prices."
"There's so much you can do with the Silhouette Cameo. I have used it for home and school projects including cutting paper, vinyl, and fabric. The pieces (both mat and blades) need to be replaced fairly often, but this bundle is definitely the place to get started. I didn't find the markers too useful, but that's only because of the types of projects I typically do. The designer software is also amazing-- you can literally do anything."
Nice product!
Love my silhouette. Still haven't done as much as It can do.
"I had so many issues with this machine. From the day I opened it I wrote cameo because it didn't cut my vinyl with the settings suggested. After trouble shooting they said it was the blade so i used a new blade. I've consistently had the blade not cut properly. I've followed so many blogs and suggestions and bought tons of new mats and blades that I could of purchased a new machine by now. I would use it for a few things and put it away for months because it was so frustrated. I just recently pulled it out again after a year of sitting and it will cut most of the HTV, than just miss spots here and there. New mat, still misses spots. If I don't use a mat it cuts better but then I can't use any small pieces and have to buy so much extra vinyl. It's always cut 1 inch down from the top. I tried recalibrating it and it cuts right then, but as soon as the image is up, it cuts 1 inch down. After talking to friends with cameo machines they use the same blade and have never changed it and here I can't use it more than 3-5 times on simply HTV! I clean the blade, turn the machine off and on, and it only works when it wants to. I only use Siser and sometimes the 2 blade won't cut the whole images and other times it cuts so deep that the under transfer layer cuts too. It's not consistent at all. Sometimes turning the machine off and on will fix the issue but it always comes right back. I'm going to buy the new machine and hope for the best but at this point i'm really disappointed that from day 1 with my email to the company they didn't realize that a brand new blade should of works and that i probably had a faulty product!"
"This has been the WORST machine imaginable!  I bought this machine in 2014 ... it is now 2017 ... I have finished MAYBE 3 full projects because this machine DOESN'T WORK.  The software is 'okay' as it has an irritatingly long learning curve but the worst part about this machine is that it RARELY does what I want it to.  The blades Silhouette sells to use with the machine do not make clean cuts.  The registration marks aren't recognized.  Now, as of today, it won't even cut it just keeps kicking me back to the 'retry registration'.  What takes me minutes to do by hand takes me HOURS to do with the machine because it just doesn't do what it's supposed to.  By the way I am pretty tech saavy so there is no excuse for the above happenings.  This machine just plain and simple sucks and I def would NOT recommend it to anyone!!!!!!"
