"The variable heat control on this tool is a double edged sword. It is practical but in an awkward place.
It tends to pull the tool down when you are operating it. I saw reviews that mentioned this flaw but thought
it would not be a problem for me-they were right -it was. People have come up with many suggestions on how to overcome this
but for $30+ ,I would think they mfr. would figure it out for me before offering to the public to tinker with. European
models use a separate power supply that does not drag the cord down. The tips on these other models are more practical as well
 made of nichrome wire that heats and cools much faster. The soft brass on this model is prone to strip its threading thus make
the tip unable to hold attachments any longer. If you want a toy that frustrates by all means get this model-if you are going into
this hobby seriously, research the other models I've mentioned. They are more expensive but, in the long run ,you'll get more pleasure
out of them."
This seems to be quite a good tool for the money. Probably won't use it a lot as it was purchased for a specific job and it worked quite well.
"I bought this to experiment with heating elements and found it to be good for the money for the versatility.  It helped me decide if I wanted to spend more money on advanced, high tech burning equipment."
"the temperature control of this product makes all the difference, i am able to do extremely detailed burnings on many types of wood, quickly and easily.
note a word of caution, i did get impatient and try changing tips while hot and the finer tip did break, and could not back it out. but i loved the product so much i re-ordered another."
This is a great woodburner for the money. The adjustable temp control is real great feature that is hard to find on inexpensive woodburners. In addition to the stand I use a piece of tape to stick the cord to your bench. A more flexible cord would be a nice improvement though. Overall I would give it an A+.
"Picked this up for a weekend project that rquired some hotknife abilities. Yes, you could spend a couple hundred dollars to cut foam quicker, or you could make something with wire and D batteries for a few bucks, but this is much safer. I primarily used this for carving foam, but there are all sorts of tips included and an adjustable dial so the heat is just right for the exact medium you are working with. It gets hot enough to work with some plastics, but feels safe enough to use with bare hands."
"Product worked fantastically except the tips kept coming loose in the tool. It was frustrating to have to tighten the tips. Eventually while engraving, the tip broke off in the tool rendering useless. Returning and trying a different brand."
"For under $100, this is the best you will find. The temp control is a dial, meaning you can FULLY and finely control the temp... this lets you not only adjust for diff types of wood, but for other materials as well: leather, gourds & pumpkins, etc., all the way down to plastics and papers. The next closest thing out there is to have a switch that lets you pick hi or low... which is just not enough to match the heat to the material you are burning without ruining most leather and all synthetic projects. Yes, it would be nice if there were more tips, but the most important ones are here, and temp control is something you can't give up once you've got used to having it because it drastically expands the success of the burn process and the materials you can use. Handle never gets hot, never requires gloves, this tool is a solid value."
WORK GREAT.
Does not heat up very fast and my tip broke off in the pen.
Fair wood burner... the burner has to cool down completely prior to changing the tips... or the threads will get messed up... these modern wood burning tools are basically throw away items... not worth the money spent on them. They need to make a latch type of connector or something else... so the threads don't get messed up... and we don't have to waste so much time waiting for everything to cool down between changing each tip... ridiculous.
"Initially thought this was going to be a good unit.  Bought various additional tips to go with it.  Used on wood for aproximately 1 hour over 3-4 days and it has quit heating.  Very disappointed.
Following up with Amazon, I've not received any response."
"Great new toy! I can cut stencils with it, and carve walking sticks! And solder! The adjustable temp control it Very important - don't buy anything like this without adjustable temperature."
"Okay so I used to practice woodburning all of the time. I haven't been able to do it recently and finally decided to buy a new burner. I purchased it and I absolutely love it. However, the switch for controlling the temperature is way way wayyy too close to the actual wood burner. It hit into my arm multiple times and whenever I set the burner onto the holder, the switch was heavy enough to pull it off my table. I realized quickly that I cant really set it down because that switch pulls it off the table and at one point I almost burned my foot. If the switch was just a little further down the cord, that would be fantastic."
It doesn't provide enough heat to do any type of burning like the videos I watched.  Looks like I shouldn't have went cheap with my purchase. I have done wood burning with other tools (that I borrowed) and I thought I would try a cheaper option first. I learned my lesson
Nice complete set but haven't used it yet
"This is a great woodburner, love the convenience of the temperature control.  The only downfall is the closeness of the temperature control to the pen making it awkward at times, but not undoable.  The qualities of an expensive burner at an awesome price."
"I was excited to get this, but after only a few projects I've noticed that the temp control adjusts if it gets touched at all, so that makes it difficult to keep the burning even. Then the gold plating melted into the tip so now I cant use it at all."
"After just a couple of uses, the threading to accept the bits has stripped out, leaving all the bits loose. I wish the manufacturer had used a stronger metal for this important part."
I love this wood burning tool.  Great price for this tool
"Was ok while it worked, one of the tips broke off while unscrewing it. The tips are made of a poor material.
Now that there is a broken piece inside the threads, that i cannot get out, the entire kit is useless.
Imagine cutting off a screw halfway out, then trying to remove the piece still in the wood.

If you are going into wood burning, buy something with better quality."
"The pen does what its suppose to do and works just well. It is great that you can control the temperature of the pen and the cord length is long enough to work comfortably. My only complaint is the stand to place the pen is very light and can easy tip over, potentially causing issues. If you are planning to use it in a single sitting and hold it in your hand the entire time, you should be fine, but if you are looking to take your time, take breaks or work throughout a period of time then you may want to look elsewhere."
"So glad I found this! I just got into pyrography and really wanted to be able to adjust the heat, but can't afford the fancy kind with the box. Very pleased with this purchase and growing my hobby."
"Works well, tips bend though, and handle  lets your hand get HOT on high"
Easy to use
missing hot knife
"Ive been using this tool with no problems for at least a year now. It works well, the temperature control is a great feature, and I haven't had any issues with the element burning out like on other tools. My only real gripe is that the cord isn't long enough. I have an outlet right next to my work desk and I still find myself almost yanking it out of the wall several times during use. If the cord was another foot or so I would give it 5 stars."
product as advertised
The tips bent when they got hot
Good quality product!
"My husband is having lots of fun with this little wood burning tool. Good value and easy to use. Good instructions are included and plenty of tips for beginners, too."
Would recommend to a friend
"Love it.  I had a tool that did not have adjustable temperature before I bought this one.  This product allows more versatility of what is possible in burning.  That is, you can do much more than just wood burning.  It comes with a pretty good instruction manual also and several different tips."
Worked for my project but the temp dial is too easy to adjust if touched or bumped. You have to hold it all the time which is awkward.
"ere's the problem.  I fired it up as soon as it arrived.  Burned a picture on a wood disc.  Turned it off for a while.  With new tip, turned it on.  It is still room temperature."
Works well! Also used it to solder.
Nice burning tool. Done a lot of crafts with it.
great
Not my favorite. I found the cheaper ones to be a better quality.
Nice set I use very lightly for some of my crafts although I think it would stand up to more vigorous use.
not hot like stated.....need to find a better one that does not cost an arm and a leg......do not be fooled......if you are working with a hard wood....do NOT BUY THIS.....
This works great!! Need to order more tips !!
Just getting around to use this and learn how to use it.  First thing i have noticed is that the tips and the end get very hard to put in due to crappy threads.
"Bought this and used it once , the threads where the tip goes, are stripped out with only one tip change. The tool is now useless as it will not hold a tip. Very disappointed"
"Was looking forward to trying out this tool, but then I was unable to change the out the metal tips of the unit freshly after taking it out of the box. I read in the instructions to never store the tool with a tip inserted in it, as the tip could become stuck in place, but the tool was shipped to me with a tip already inserted, which I think has become stuck.
 Edit
  After an hour and half of wrangling with it, I was finally able to remove the tip using 3 different sets of pliers and saturating it with B'Laster penetrating catalyst. It seems to function decently though, after the initial difficulties."
The brass tip I used melted and broke off after two uses. Had the heat setting turned only half way and used it for 20 minutes. Complete waste of money.
Great for starting out. I have been using it on small projects.
"Works good so far, haven't had any problems. I've never done wood burning before, and it was really easy using this tool. I hope it lasts for a while."
"Very cheap. It works, but has lots of issues. Please be careful if you do buy this one."
"The product was defective from the start, none of the bits would attach to the unit because the unit had the threads stripped."
This is perfect for the person who is just a beginner. Inexpensive and good quality.
Gets really hot to hold if using for any period of time.  Like all the tips and it burns the wood very nicely.
Nice as the beginner kit. Just be careful while handling it because it gets super hot!
"This works really great except that the tip twists and become loose EVERY TIME I use it. I have to turn it off, wait for it to cool down, tighten it back up, then wait for it to heat up again. When it is tightened, it works great though. Just very frustrating."
Great functioning wood burner.  The variable temp is a plus.
"This could have easily been a 5 star review, except for the placement of the temperature controller.  It is WAY too close to the actual tool, so it weighs the tool down and gets in the way.  If you try to drape it over your wrist, it's uncomfortable, and you end up moving the settings.  Also, the handle does get a little on the warm side, I think it could be insulated better.  The stand is flimsy, and you need to secure it or it's just going to go flying off the table.  Another annoying, yet petty thing is it tells you not to leave the tips in the tool, but doesn't have a slot for all of them in the storage case.

Note:  I didn't buy this on Amazon, I got it at a big hobby store - used a good coupon, which makes it a little less annoying ;-).

Pros:
* Seems to do what it needs to
* Heats up fairly quickly
* Nice storage case to keep everything together

Cons:
* The placement of the temperature controller makes delicate work very difficult
* Gets a little hotter than I would like on the handle"
DID NOT GET WARM ENOUGH NOT HOLDING UP THE TEMPERATURE
love it
Used it for the first time tonight after purchasing in 2015. It glowed red and then stopped working. Really disappointed.
"This woodburner is so versatile and easy to use! I love this product and have a blast every time I use it.
Its many tips and adjustable temperature make it perfect for various projects. Very fair price!"
This worked well for my kids wood burning projects. Actually ordered two so the tips could cool between changes.
Love it. Easy to use. Excellent  variety of interchangeable points.
Quit working after first day. Very disappointed.
"Not happy with it at all. I literally just purchased this last week along with the letters to start a huge project as making a very neat medal rack for all my running medals. The letter N broke apart on Friday and of course they don't sell individual pieces tried soldering it back together with the equipment they give us for when that happens and it wouldnt even stick. Thennnnnn JUST NOW, the inside of the wood burner just stripped and not one letter will screw in. It cant even fix a project without something messing up. They charge a arm and a leg for crappy product. I don't even want to give them 1 start because ever since Ive bought their items its been nothing out problems. Now I have a few unfinished project and it a holiday so not finishing any time soon. Dont buy any of their products!"
Can not get the original tip that it came with off
"After using this tool, I realize doesnt get any hotter than most common wood burners. And that I was disappointed."
great product. Good for beginner and advanced
"Worked pretty good. I ended up finishing my project with a cheaper model without the heat adjustment. It got in my way, and I really didn't need it. As with most of these, I had to keep plyers handy to tighten the hot tip occasionally as I worked."
I love this product. I played around with the different tips and watched some YouTube tutorials to get use to how hard to push. I noticed that different woods burn differently. Some more difficult than others. I bought the product at least 6 months ago and is still working fine. Product also arrived quickly!!
"The set looks great, but have not used it yet.  I like all the extra attachments. Very versatile. I am sure it will work well since it seems to be made with quality in mind."
"Im able to create wonderful wood burning.
However, it would be nice if the temperature adjustment knob was graduated with clicks that would keep the temperature steady. I have to keep checking on it as it is too easily moved."
Screw threads stripped after 2 uses. Cheaply made.
Works great I have a lot of fun.
Love to craft but was unsure about purchasing.  Was not sure if I would use or if I would really need to use it.  Decided to purchase based on the price.  Very glad I made the purchase.  Very easy to use.
Works great no problems. plenty of heat.
Easy to use
I don't normally write reviews but felt i should to save someone else the hastle....have had this wood burner for 3 days and it has literally burnt threw 2 of the tips bending it to the point of not being able to be used 
Terrible. I really never got up to temperature. Not worth the money . Very disappointing
"It worked great the first couple of projects I did but it just doesnt get hot enough. Ive had to tape the heat adjuster to the highest setting because it moves around too easily. The cord isn't long enough and gets in the way while Im trying to work. The heat transfer for the finer tip just isn't cutting it for me. It takes me 3 times the amount of time it should to do a project because it just didn't get hot enough even at the highest setting. If you just wanting to play around a bit maybe this is a good starter tool but for nice projects, its annoying. My work looks nice enough but its been a painfully slow process."
Easy to use. Heats well. Tips are good.
This is great where you can control the heat.  Darrell
Worked perfectly for what I needed it for.  My wife burned a new office sign for me on a piece of blank wood we bought at a craft store using this tool.  It looks great and the tool worked perfectly for what I needed it for.  Much cheaper than buying a sign elsewhere!
"Got for my son and he loves it. Nice having a variety of tips.  Great price, fast shipment"
"I saw where a fellow woodworker burned a tree into the bottom of a bowl he turned on his lathe.  Then he finished the piece.  I thought - Boy, that is a neat look!  I immediately wanted to get into woodburning as an accent to my woodworking.
I did buy this at a craft store where I had a 40% off coupon that my wife cut out of the newspaper. So it was cheaper than here for that one purchase. Same exact unit, though.
Pros:
Heats fast, and the temperature controller is a nice adder for shading once you learn how to use the controller, a learning curve.
Walnut Hollow is a brand that is in most craft stores, so extra tips are fairly easy to find if you want them really quickly, like during a project.
Decent, but by no means complete set of tips come with it, but good enough to get going in the hobby.
Easy to hold in your hand, and the tip is not too far out there, so detail is easy.
Found that it would burn a nice pattern in quilted hard maple rather easily, although you must realize that it is a slow hobby by nature.
Cons:
Temperature controller is on the cord, too close to the handle, and often gets in the way. Awkward.
People complain about breaking the tips, and not being able to remove them, stripping threads.  I did notice that mine, the first three threads are not even used by the tip. Only the last three deep inside are holding the unit. I decided to ignore the instructions which told me to use a set of pliers to put in and remove the tips, and put them in by hand, just barely finger tightening them. They heated up just fine.  I was able to use a pair of lightweight pliers to easily remove a tip while it was still fairly hot since I didn't plier it in, in the first place.  Still, ugly and the thread situation is poor.
Pen holder is a piece of junk, and often collapses when you need it most, to keep the unit off your tabletop.
You have no idea what the actual temp is, if you need that. It is tepid, warm, fairly hot, and burn everything hot as you go up the color scale with no numbers. Still, it does work and after some experimentation, you can tell what is going on.

Overall, this is a pretty good beginner unit, but I soon found myself looking at others, including wire units.  Although this will be used, it is a great way to get into the hobby, but not a great way to become a great woodburner.  For instance, I did find a wire unit on another site for under $70 that had multiple tips, (22), and a digital temp readout, which could be correlated to what wood you are using rather easily, I would think.  That will probably be my next one, if I stay with this hobby and use it as an accent feature in my woodworking."
Heats nicely the temperature dial is great.
"overall good quality. a couple of the heads don't fit as tightly as some of the others. other than that, i would recommend you buy this one."
good woodburner
"Bought tool to cut EVA foam for making costumes rather than it's normal use after a heated knife being recommended by some videos.

For cutting 1/2"" foam it's only so-so given the length of the blade and how quickly it gums up and dulls.  Bought extra blades but eventually just went back to a sharp cutter.  Maybe if the blades were longer but then I doubt it would heat a longer blade as well.  It's not quite able to keep the heat high enough very long while cutting.

Probably would work better for thinner foam but then they are easier to cut anyway..."
"For the soldering tip: only a small area of it worked, so it was rendered useless.
Wood burning tips: only left indents in the wood. I do not recommend this."
"Got this for my husband for Xmas. Hes obsessed with it. Never had a problem with it. Keeps its temp, easy to handle and has a nice selection of tips."
"I got this for Christmas. I expected to use it for awhile to practice then upgrade eventually. I used this heavily for about a week. Then off and on for the next month or so. Last weekend, I was using this and the tip broke off in the burner. My husband spent about an hour trying to get it out with no luck. I had to throw it away. Its cheap enough that I was not too upset, now I need to wait for a new one though."
"Container could have been a bit larger to prevent having to perfectly tie up the cord after each use. Other than that, it worked great!"
"Easy to use! Can't imagine needing more tips than the ones that come in this set; it's great for beginners. I've kept it on for several hours at a time and had no issues with function. I change the tips with a pair of needle nose/long nose pliers and lube them with graphite powder. Haven't had a tip get stuck.

Maybe it's the way I use it, but the tip will loosen up if I've been using it for a long time; I just re-tighten with pliers and keep going."
Really nice set gave us a gift and they were able to get good results quickly
"Given to a Grandson who is 8.  He loves it!  We supervised it at first and taught him how to be safe using it.  He's made everyone in a family a gift.
Now we just supply the wood!!"
Great product. Super fast delivery
"Awesome tool, until it broke. A tip broke in it and I am now unable to use it. Lasted less than a day."
It heats up quickly and works great. I've been playing with the different tips and love it. It's so simple even a complete novice like me can use it. I was able to get great texture and definition on my first finished piece.
"This broke after my husband used it two times. He bought the letters to go with the tool. Today he tried to get a letter out of the tool, the threads in the letter got stuck, and broke the tool. The tool and letters worked great before it broke today, maybe just a flaw in how the letters attach and detach from the tool?"
"Really nice, really hot, totally worthit"
I used the wood burning tool an am very happy
Very good!
For a beginner this is perfect!
Wonderful little tool. I've never had one and it's so much fun to just doodle around and do wood art and write on leather as well. Super cool! Totally recommend.
None of the pieces would screw into the handle. Not even one.
Works great and is a wonderful gift for someone beginning wood burning!
I do a lot of woodworking and most of my burners in the past do not last long. This arrived in excellent packing and in 2 days. It came with many different heads and it heated up quickly and stayed a constant heat. This is one of the best I've owned. The heads are easy to change- you just twist them off. I love it.
So far so good!  I really like the job it does for the price.  Looks a little light weight.
needs more instructions for use
Bought as a gift for my sister. She had one that the tip broke off and she was unable to repair. She loves it
"The rheostat is postioned to close to the tool,"
"I dig this thing its worked well for me since I bought it, it heats up a little slow but hey for the price this cant be beat"
"I used this when I was getting into wood burning/pyrography. Its quite good for the price and you can do a lot with it. It gets hot but not nearly like more advanced versions, but I found it somewhat limiting once I got more advanced.
It does get a bit uncomfortably hot if youve been using it for a long period, and it seemed to need a break from time to time, but for the price, its an affordable way to get into wood burning without making a big financial commitment while still getting a quality product.
Great product for beginners to get into wood burning. You can also solder with this tool, so even if you step up to a more advanced wood burning setup, this will always be a useful tool!"
no compliants
"Junk, I used mine for less than 3 hours and the burner totally stripped out. Cannot put in tips.  Also the stand is garbage, more often than not the buner falls out and could land where you do not want it...  Buy a better One!!!!!"
"This comes with a hard plastic case with adjustable dividers in it. This was an excellent surprise!
All the different nibs look great, I've been using the petal shaped one to smooth out art that I make with my 3D printing pen.
The heat dial is a tiny bit troublesome, as it moves a little too easily. You've got to be careful not to brush it on the table or anything, otherwise you'll get an unexpected temp change.
All in all, great tool, great value."
"Excellent tool for what is designed for, my cousin is doing terrific work with it!"
She loved it
Love this.. Works great.
I bought this tool because it was recommended for laser printer image transfers. It works great and I'm thoroughly satisfied with it. So far I've used it to transfer onto galvanized tin and copper. The transferred images are amazing!
Very very very disappointed.  I used this 4 times after getting it for Christmas from my husband and one of the tips broke off inside of the wand and will not come out.  I'm assuming that the tip got too hot and melted.  I did not use the tip the last time for more than 10 minutes.  When I was done I let it cool down and unscrewed the tip.  It just broke right off.  I only used it 4 times!  That is nuts!!
Love it works great.
"Burns great for the price. Comes with excellent tips, but not the most sturdy as in one mine broke in half while in use. It has great temp control and overall its comfortable to use."
"Affordable, versatile tool"
Good
Asorted attachment but not so fast to heat up. Certain wood doesnt burn well tq
the spade tip is too slanted and inconenient to use just the tip
"AWESOME TOOL. i OPERATE AN ONLINE ETSY STORE FOR THE PAST YEAR, USING MY WALNUT HOLLOW WOOD BURNER.AT TIMES THE HEAT CAN BE INCONSISTENT BUT OVERALL FOR THE VALUE IT WAS A GREAT BUY!"
Great for small home projects. Nice temp changing
as expected
"Works great. Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool with Versa-Temp Variable Temperature Control and 11 Woodburning Points was a great buy. My ten year old son loves it. Caution - adult supervision required - the tips get ultra hot, so does the metal guard ring. However, it is a fantastic product. Tips change out easily and it is so much fun burning words, pictures and designs into wood. Highly recommended."
not bad for a starter kit to see if you like doing this type of thing
"This is good for a starter. However, if you think you are going to be woodturning regularly, you might want to upgrade to a better model. One that has a soft grip where your fingers go. When burning you often hold like a pencil and you want that portion to be soft or your fingers will start hurting. Also, you'll want something that changes the attachment out easier. This is still good for the price and  for a beginner like me. But I soon realized that I like wood burning enough to do it more often and would need a better quality machine."
purchased for a gift
"I purchased for a specific hobby and wound up having to move suddenly and not being able to use it as often as originally intended.  The couple of times I've used it, it has worked perfectly, although heating it for the first time wasn't as plug-and-play as one might expect."
"I wanted to learn wood-burning, mostly to label and decorate the wooden cigar boxes I use to store craft supplies and small tools. This looked, to me, like the best of the beginner kits. (There are beginner tools and expert tools but not much in between.)  I chose this one because I liked the adjustable temperature dial. As many others have said, it is a bit close to your hand, but I am learning to work with it.

The kit includes a nice assortment of tips (for finer and broader strokes) and is packed in a well-organized storage box. I added a little bit of pick-n-pluck foam to make it easier to organize the tips. Tips can sometimes seem hard to remove. To make it easier; 1)Keep some pliers handy.  2) Get a tube of dry graphite lubricant, to lube the threads periodically and 3) Let the tool cool completely before removing a tip.  This is, of course, safer and will reduce the chance of stripping the threads.

Wood-burning tools get super-hot; about twice as hot as your oven. So a heat-resistant glove is not a bad idea.  Also, when using the finer tips, use very light pressure on the wood. That will make it easier to move across the grain and less likely to bend or break the tip.

There are many different techniques for using these tools. I strongly suggest looking at some YouTube videos before you get started. Be safe & have fun!"
"I have only used this a handful of times and when I changed a tip, the end broke off in the tool so I can't screw any other tips in. Waste of money."
Great products and very hot!
I haven't used it yet because Im still watching YouTube videos to learn the different techniques but it arrived quickly & all pieces were included in a cute case. Ill write an update & post pics when I create my first masterpiece.
Nice but no tool to remove hot tips for change while working with item...  And hard to get back in box after use
Doesnt work the best :/
This is my first wood burning tool that I've ever owned. It's a perfect starter kit.
Its a steal of a deal! It burns nicely. I was able to make a ton of Christmas gifts with it and saved a ton of money. Lots of fun. Follow instructions and itll treat you well.
Bought as a gift.. Loved it
"worked very well for many nice signs. but apparently has a short , will only heat when it decides too"
heats up nice
"It worked great at first but after a few sessions of use the threading on the burner got messed up and the tips would no longer stay in. Now it's unusable. On top of that the calligraphy tip bent and snapped off during it's first use.

Update: I contacted their customer support and they were wonderful. They quickly mailed me a rethreading tool and after some elbow grease the bits now fit back into the burner."
Such a wonderful product for price! The dial is really great for the various surfaces.
My son loves it since it comes with all the various tips. He has all the things he needs for different styles of wood burning
"Sadly not really worth the money, I should have bought a cheaper one. I've only had this tool for two months and I can't get the different tips on it anymore. It's stripped already and yes, I was very very carefully screwing them on so that this wouldn't happen but it did."
I purchased this to make wood burnt Christmas Tree ornaments. I made about 50 ornaments and this was the perfect tool. My only minor complaint is that the temperature control would be better it is was not so close to the tool itself. It is fairly heavy and large and where it is placed so close to the tool it kind of makes it hard to hold the tool while doing detail work.
"Great quality, comes in a really cute case, has all the tools needed for a beginner like me!"
Exactly as described
"Great little starter tool. I realize now that I need to different burner for my bigger, harder projects. This works great for soft woof. The only problems I have with it is that several of my tips have bent. They tips also come loose every once in a while. Also the dial is loose, making it easy for it to move to another heat zone from the slightest accidental touch."
Got this for my husband after his previous burner broke. He loved this one so much better because it is very good quality. He also liked how you can change the temperature setting and the grip on it so that your hand wouldn't get too hot holding it
"Exactly as I expected for the price point. I have been using this burner heavily for less than a month and have had no issues with it. The temp control works fine. No problems so far with tips breaking, but I do let it cool COMPLETELY before changing tips. The only complaint I have is the location of the temperature controller. It is much to close to the pen. I constantly have to adjust my grip to move the controller out of the way. I'm thinking about going to go the way of another reviewer and moving it, but haven't made up my mind yet. Overall, a good product for the money and I am enjoying wood burning with it!"
Perfect addition to my Kaizen 5S & Shadowbox kit. Used to melt/smooth foam inserts for tool cutouts
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the temp control is a little too close to the pen in my opinion. I find that I need to check the temperature status often.
Variable temp control for many surfaces.
"Works Great!  Had woodburned a lot as a kid, is a lost love reunited!"
"Great product, amazing price!"
"I did my first piece with this tool.
Pros: lots of power
  4  Adjustable heat settings
  Comes with some great starter tips
  Was happy with my first piece.
  Great practice
Cons:  i really really do not like how the temperature adjustment is so close to the tool when im working it bumps and weighs my tool down. Its kind of a hassle so i end up taping it down."
Works really well. I only have wood burned a few times and this was easier to use than my previous one. My only complaint was that the cord isn't very long at all. Leaving me to have to sit right by a wall while making these Christmas gifts.
It works great cut nice and easy
I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my husband. He's been getting into more woodworking and I thought he might enjoy this. Out of all the gifts he got I think he was most excited about this cheap little set. He opened it right up and grabbed some scrap work and started burning. In the week since Christmas he has made all kinds of things with it. He especially loves being able to print designs and transfer them. He has made signs for all of our neighbors and some coworkers and keeps coming up with amazing new projects he wants to do with it. Perfect set for someone wanting to get into wood burning!
I'd rate it as a beginner's tool with average quality.  Works fine.  No issues.
"The nib broke in the heating tool after two uses...maybe it can be fixed? Another nib bent during use and the tip broke off after one use.

I worked well, though."
"It works great.  Did some soldering, and wood burning.  Some of the tips are very specialized, and I still haven't touched them.  The primary ones all work flawlessly though.

This thing gets hot FAST.  I severely burned my finger incorrectly thinking it needed a minute to heat up.  Parents should supervise their children if you plan on putting it in the hands of a young one.  Treat it like a power tool."
"The threading stripped during first use and cant change the tips. We are exchanging it for another one in hopes it was just a fluke, but very disappointed because it was a gift for our son."
November birthday gift for my 36 year old daughter. She is LOVING it AND we all benefited as she made everybody something using it for Christmas.
Good product and quality. Have no complaints. Worth the price
Great product and came in the mail not even 24 hours after ordering. Very handy tool
Good beginner set. I've had it over a year now.
"Over the years, Ive done several projects with a different burners that worked fine. This one however, its very difficult to use because of how close the dial is to the handle and how hot it is to handle. I would never buy one like this again."
Tip broke off in the soldering iron after just a few uses.  Very disappointed!
"Definitely love the wood burning tool! Came with so much more attachments than I thought.
Nice case for it to fit in also."
"Very dissatisfied. I bought this to create custom Christmas gifts for family and friends. First machine, the tip screw broke off inside and was unable to use. Requested a replacement Only to have the exact same thing happen. Highly disappointed, low quality product."
"Ive had two of these now, both only got a couple projects done before the inside threads melted. I read the reviews and everyone had the same problem... but I didn't think it could be that bad of quality! After the threads melted the tips don't fit in the burner. Horrible quality, design needs to be rethought! Dont buy this unless you only plan on using it for one project! Otherwise works great and easy to use."
"I used this product for a few Christmas projects this year: three ornaments, three small soft wood cutting boards, and one large hardwood board. So far the thin tip bent and then finally broke, the pen got so hot I had to insulate it around the handle, and the screw guides in the screw have warped so I can no longer exchange tips. Very disappointed in the longevity of this product. I've had this for less than a month now.

Great idea, but the materials of this product do not withstand the use I need."
"The pen gets TOO hot and actually melted the threads on the point.  Also, the fine point tip gets so hot, it turns red and the tip bends.  I'm on my third Walnut Hollow Pen in three months.  I'm burning soft cedar, this should be able to handle it!"
"I am a newbie to this, but I found it very difficult to use. I had traced what I wanted to burn with carbon paper onto wood, and no matter what tip I tried, i could not even come close to accurately burning the letters. They looked horrible. I was at it for a couple hours, turning it off periodically. I could not get anything to burn unless it was on the highest setting and found then it indented the wood so much that the top would jump around and not follow a nice line. Definitely some user error, but disappointed I ruined all of the wood pieces I had purchased to create and give as gifts."
Don't waist your time purchasing a cheep wood burner.  This is coming from someone who has bough two. They both broke within the first time of use.  This wood burner got so hot and the points are so cheep that it snapped one point in half with the threads still in the burner.
"I like the temperature control but the dial is loose, so it's easy to accidentally change the temperature. I have to use tape to keep the dial in the same location. Other than that, it works pretty well."
The tip melted off and broke inside the tool so now it is unusable. Also the handle gets very hot.
Love this used for the first time. Very easy to use. Variable heat settings makes it great for different color burning
Had problems right off the bat!
Loved it ! The best for the price !!  Excellent Christmas gift for the right person. I am so happy with that.
A decent wood burning tool with changeable tips.
Exactly what I was hoping for. Got it for stippling Glock grips. Very useful and worthwhile
Easy and friendly to use
Enjoy it until I broke a tip off in it
"Finally used this on a wood wall! And the tip snapped! The threads are down in the tool! I have, maybe ten minutes of work time in! 20 years ago you could have set your friends on fire with one these, now a days they're pure crap!"
"really good tool, works great"
"I ordered one of these for a couple wood-burning projects I wanted to do. I like the whole kit idea and the quality of the items was fine. However, during my first use I noticed two problem areas.... One was that the control for the Woodburning Tool was located too close to the tool itself and it keep getting caught on part of my project. Another foot or two of cord would be helpful. Then the second problem was that the tool itself got very hot and was hard to hold. I'm not sure it that is normal but I had to set it down several times and wait before I could continue using it."
a great gift for the creative ones on your list.
This has worked wonderfully and consistently on my leather projects. I love it and its a great little all inclusive kit!
This is unusable after one use. The threading of the main unit will not accept any of the tips screwed into it. Ive tried endlessly with a number of the tips and none of them will properly screw into the device.
"Hmm. well I didn't use it as soon as I got it. Which was a huge mistake.

The tip that came on it does NOT come out (pliers, rubber bands, the whole nine yards). Mine is defective. So I cannot change tips, which defeats the purpose of having bought a ""kit""

I reached out to walnut hollow who told me to contact Amazon to send a replacement. And of course my Amazon return window closed around ten days ago. And I can't seem to find a way to contact Amazon about my defective product now.
Thus ... bad review.

If you buy it. Test it right away. Even if you don't have all the other pieces for your project. Test it right away.

I bought a wood burner tool from Michaels craft store 6 months ago that had the same problem. So I returned it to store. That one cost 1/3 the amount this one did. So I just expected better quality and for it to ... ya know... work.

Onward to more specific review
The tip that came on it does not change out. period. so all those other tips are wasted and useless. I need the other tips for my projects so again... useless. I'm sure they aren't all useless, but the one I received is.
But I went ahead and used it, knowing I couldn't return it anymore. What is using it like?
The temp control thing is nice (yet another reason i bought this one). but it's too close up on the chord to the tool and weights the chord down more which makes working with the tool a little annoying. but whatever, I used one hand to hold the box up so it wouldn't drag down the wand.

the rubbery black grip part, where you are suppose to put your fingers... after about ten minutes on medium became too hot. Like, I actually had to stop, turn it off, wait for it to cool, then repeat.

So I'm annoyed, in case you couldn't tell.
I will be sending back a reply to Walnut Hollow AND finding a contact with Amazon."
Whats not like the tool works great and I love it.
works great. my wife has made tons of ornaments for christmas on wood slices. This machine works flawlessly so far. IU even purchased all the letters and numbers this company makes to so they can stamp wood and leather
"As a brand new pyrography artist, I am happy with the ease of use of this tool. I still have a lot to learn, but this kit comes with a great variety of tips as well as some pointers on the best use for them and what heat settings you should use.

My first project (pictured) is a box that my brother made for our grandma (she recently passed, and she wanted us to make a box for her ashes). It is still in progress: I'm going to make the lines thicker on the tree, and darken/smooth the larger text. I mostly used the calligraphy tip, with the exception of the fine pointed tip for the hearts. Because the wood is so light, I used chalk instead of transfer paper to transfer the words and images onto the box (also pictured).

One thing I'm not too thrilled about is how much the handle still heats up. Granted, I've been using it on one of the highest heat settings for oak, but still... The majority of it is fine, but where my finger rests against the heat guard, it heats up enough to irritate my finger. It's not hot enough to blister, but it's definitely tender and sore. It's possible I am holding the tool incorrectly, but that's how I have the most control over it, especially considering how the dial on the cord makes the tool difficult to maneuver if you aren't holding onto it in the other hand. I was skeptical in buying this tool because of the poor reviews about the dial being where it is, and that's another reason for less stars. It would also be a lot nicer if the cord was longer. I could use an extension cord, but it'd be nice to not have to.

My advice (again, coming from a novice): practice first!!! Get a feel for the tool and the material you are burning before starting. Oak has been challenging because of the grain. But that was a specific request for this project.

I'd say, great tool for beginners, but I'd much rather invest in a more expensive tool that is easier to handle and more comfortable in the hand."
"The tip broke off inside the unit the second time I used it now I am unable to use it anymore.
Poor quality"
"The tips don't heat up enough to burn any kind of wood, I did burn some leather but that's not why I bought it. It did come packaged nicely, I just wish it actually worked. Will be returning it."
Second one to break on first usage.
"Works pretty good, but there are two things that upset me. First thing is that the controller is so close to the pen, so its hard to menover around it. Second, those cheap bits that come with it broke off inside the machine. My husband is trying to drill it out. I will not be repurchasing this one if he cant get it out."
Great product and great company! A great new add to my Cigar Box guitar building tool kit!
Its awesome for carving plastic carvable pumpkins!
I will be making a lot of gifts for people this year. It works so well!
Liked initially but completely broke within a month and a half...just outside the return window. Wont be buying another.
"Update to my previous  I've had it for 2 months now and have had a chance to use it more. It's a good tool - I'm a beginner and it's easy enough to use. Will update again with durability. So far, so good. No issues at all."
"the box nor the instruction manual did not mention the electrical wattage or voltage. had to check their website. Good thing I did because we use 220v here. other than that, I've only used it twice and I really enjoy it. Going to make more pyro art soon."
Tip melted and broke after my second project.  The handle area gets extremely hot.
Great burner!!
Hours of enjoyment.
"Works just not as well as i would have hoped, not as smooth as I was hoping"
its the best 120v beginner model
"The only thing I would change is where the heat control is located, the current location of the control is inconvenient as it seems to be in the way and makes your hand tired because it constantly pulls, it needs to be closer to the end of the cord."
"For the price, this is a good little unit. There are definitely better wood burners out there if you're serious about the craft, and usually I'm the type to ""buy it right, buy it once"", but it didn't make a lot of sense to drop $200~ on a quality burner until I knew if I'd be using it a lot.

I won't say this is perfect, but compared to other hobby-grade wood burners and soldering irons I've used, this thing is pretty decent. If you're just getting started and don't want to spend a lot of money, I think this unit is a good option."
Works well. Many tips for doing just about anything you want to do.
"I've used this item for a few small projects now and I think it works great, it burns wood like crazy, the handle doesn't get too hot to hold, and I love the tips.  No problems so far, I would buy this again."
this will work great for my projects
Love the tool
"it worked great.. and then the Tip i was using BROKE OFF... and so.. now i cannot use it .. i cannot extract the broken end.

i'd love to just get ANOTHER ONE and then im sure it would not happen.. seemed to work great until it broke :("
"Love the different tips it comes with(they screw in which I think is a plus), heat adjustment switch( which allows you to make darker burns more easily than retracing) and stand. It can get a little hot near the grip but I never used one before so for a first time pen I think it's a good choice, just needs a lot of practice!"
"Worked for a little bit, after changing the tip a couple times the inside stripped itself and none of the tips will stay held on. Very disappointed."
"It works well and gets most jobs done... but i have two qualms with it... the heat adjustment nob keeps moving with the slightest touch. Should have been a switch or click-click adjustment turning system, this turns freely causing the nob to turn and you're not aware. Also, it doesn't heat enough to do professional soldering."
I used this once on an intricate project and when I went to switch the tip after using one for over an hour...the threads stripped and now I cannot screw in another tip. VERY disappointing.
Exelent service good product
Great woodburning tool!
"Broke after the first use - the different tips are very tedious to attach & unattach because they all screw into the burner. Because of this, the internal screw became stripped after the first use making the entire device and attachments useless"
Really like it works very well. It came with a case for the tools too.
works great. Nice temperature control. multiple tips great for any job.
"Ive used this a small handful of times and now none of the tips will screw in. This happened on a cheaper version of this product that I had before, so Ive always been careful not to strip it when I screw the tips in but this one is just as bad as the cheap one I had before. Im so disappointed"
"I fooled around with this for a few days to see if I'd like wood burning, and it was enough to say yes, I do, but finding that out was at times kind of aggravating, so I am upgrading to a professional tool.  Here are what I think are problems:  1)The cord is too short- I had to get an extension cord to work at a table where my outlet was on the wall behind my chair.  It would probably be okay if you were working on a counter or workbench with an outlet in front of you.  2)  The controller is too close to the handle of the tool.  It gets knocked around and hits your arm or the table and the temperature dial moves because of that, and all of a sudden it's too cool or too hot.  The weight of the controller  is enough to pull the tool off the table if you're not working with the bulk of the cord on top of the table. 3) I am not patient and don't want to wait for tips to cool, so the threads got stripped changing tips-- easy to ruin the tool/tips, whereas it appears the pro kits allow for easier switching out and some have 2 handles. If I want to use all of the letters/numbers I bought for this, I may have to replace the tool because I can't screw them in all the way anymore."
This is the first time I buy a wood burner and I've really enjoyed using this one as my first! I love the temperature dial and all the extra pieces that come with it.
I can't believe everything you get for the price!
Just what I expected.
Love this kit. It has all you need to get started and the wood blanks are easy to get too. Learn how creative you can be!
Love it will be able to do awsome stuff with it.
"Works great for:
- WOOD
- LEATHER
- PLASTIC
- IRONING tiny sections of PAPER or FABRIC
TIPS:
Get this:
1) This tape is your NEW BEST FRIEND for diy projects, wood working, artsy projects, crafts, sewing projects, leather work.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ScotchBlue-2097-48EC-Painter-Tape-for-Exterior-Surfaces-1-88-Inch-by-45-Yard/dp/B00GRSS2M2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ScotchBlue 2097-48EC Painter Tape for Exterior Surfaces, 1.88-Inch by 45-Yard</a>.  This is my new miracle tape (that I discovered by accident when I bought the tape one day at home depot).
-  It tears off by snapping in a straight line. Awesome!  No scissors needed.
- It sticks to almost everything and comes off of everything without leaving a sticky residue.  No trace of it. Works on:  plastic, wood, raw surfaces, paper, I even use it on leather pieces (only on the side you won't see)...It comes right off of nearly everything.
2) Totally worth buying:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SE-WP28-28-Piece-Wood-Burning-Pen-Tips/dp/B0024JMIPA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SE WP28 28-Piece Wood Burning Pen Tips</a>.  You may think you won't use some of these tips, and you're right, but you can grind them down with a dremel and make more pointed tips, since the plain pointed tips do wear out.

TIPS Using the TOOL:
1) Use the outdoor painter's tape above to tape the little folding base to whatever table you're working on so it doesn't slide away.  It'll keep the burning hot tool securely in place so you won't burn yourself, and it will peel right off when you're done.

2) Use a little piece of the tape to secure the tool in the exact heating position you want it in.  The dial can easily move, so if you bump it on anything, you might crank the heat up or down unintentionally.  Sticking a little piece of the outdoor painter's tape: 1/2 on the tool, 1/2 on the heating wheel/knob, makes it stay exactly where you want it.  Then when you're done it peels right off clean."
Works great! Have a new hobby now!
small tips
Very happy with product the adjustable heat setting is a must for most wood
good tool for wood and leather burning.
"Takes a little while to heat up, but works well once its ready."
Used on EVA foam and other projects.  Worked great
Did not keep constant temp when wood burning. I feel I would have finished my project (made a growth chart) in half the time or less had it kept a constant temp. Would not recommend.
Waited for YEARS to buy this! Wanted to wood burner a clock this year! This is PERFECT. I am a Professional Oil Painter and miniature display designer and builder and this is the best wood-burning tool for me!  I am also using it to singe the edge of my Indian and Western Art canvas paintings.....
Defective
"I purchased 2 years ago to fix a 18"" crack in a kayak. I used the flat point and slowly upped the temp while melting some extra plastic I cut off a internal seam. I made sure to never melt more then half way though the thickness of the plastic. The kayak works great and you don't even see the repair. Every dealer told me it was not repairable.  Can't find it so I am buying it again now."
"Works nicely.  I enjoyed the temperature control, but it hangs on the cord with some weight throwing off the balance of the pen.  Comes in a much nicer carrying case (clear plastic tackle-box style) than the product images suggest.  I enjoy the interchangeable stamps/brands that can be purchased for the set."
The thermostat is much to close to the pen and it's really a pain in the a@@ to work it comfortably.
"Worked very well one time then the heads could not screw in as used to. It will not hold heads anymore

Not worth the money
Better buy more professional one even if it is more expensive as it will go for long time"
Just used mine for the firstime and the threads inside the tool are stripping.
"Was okay for the price, but did NOT like the way the heat settings were designed.  The dial moves freely when choosing the amount of heat, so that the slightest touch can move the dial.  Since it's relatively close to the handle, it's always getting bumped when working with it.  Bad design all around."
Works great for stippling a handgun grip. That is all I've used it for.
"So far I only tried the wood-burning points, but I can tell already, that I'm happy with this tool. Just one thing could be improved - that thermoregulation box should be little bit more further from the tool, so the work with it would be more comfy..."
I use this tool everyday and it does the job perfectly. I just wish it would be a little hotter. But the tools is lasting and doing tis job so I couldn't be happier
"Loses heat quickly. A great starter pen, but will quickly frustrate anyone who has used better tools"
It had brass on it and when it heats up it is not durable. Breaks easily
"The functionality of this model is great for a beginner! It's easy enough to learn basics and then advance a bit using different tips and attachments. It's user friendly and pretty straightforward.  My only reason for a 4 star is the stand issue.  It comes with one at least but you have to somehow anchor and/or tape the stand down to a surface to avoid your tool falling, sliding, or toppling over and burning your tabletop surface."
"I can't compare it to any others, but it came as described. the temp controls do work, and i got the job i needed done efficiently and accurately"
I am happy with this wood burner. I love the adjustable heat.
"Hard to use at first, but works great"
The Walnut Hollow Creative Vera tool  tip melted the threads and a tip within 5 minutes of use making the tool worthless and unusable. I'm not sure if I had a defective tool or what but I would not recommend this product to anyone if this happens often.
"Update: Sent the gun back as it won't even burn wood now. I may need to spend the extra $ and buy a better kit.

So I was really excited to get this in the mail as I was making a new cutting board for my in-laws and wanted to make it personalized. I never used a heat gun before, so I knew there would be a learning curve, but the design of this gun makes it harder than it need to be.

First off, the heat control is in the worst place ever. its to close to the gun, and I keep bumping into it while I am working. I had to put tape over the knob because it would adjust my temp every time I came into contact with it. It's a shame that one of the coolest features turned into the biggest headache.

The second Issue that I had was keeping a consistent heat temp. Once you get it hot and ready, it makes a nice burn into the wood, but within a second or two, the tip cools down and throws off your momentum. Now because of this, in some areas I inconsistent coloring.

If you really take your time, the work will come out ok, but it's harder than it needs to be. I have not had any issues with the tips breaking like others have mentioned, but the other issues I have."
Tips  are  little  bit  weak...
"There are a couple things that have been mentioned another reviews, that are in reality a pain in the butt. But taping the temperature knob where you'd like it so it doesn't get easily bumped to a warmer or cooler setting is an easy fix. And as long as you have an extension cord, It really isn't a problem that the cord is somewhat short.  The temperature control knob is really close to the two itself so it's kind of a wait pulling back on your hand I found it easiest to hold the control in my other hand. That's why I gave it four out of five stars. Works OK make sure the tips are tighten down all the way but be careful not to over tighten them. All in all it was very fun and I would recommend it."
Second one
"Great set.  Ordered just about every tip I could find.  Good, continuous heat."
"Wow!  Carving foam pumpkins was an entirely new experience with this thing!  No more hacking and working myself to death to cut through the foam.  It does take a few minutes to heat up, and as you work your way through the foam, it helps to bring the knife completely out of the foam and reheat for a few seconds.  But even if the knife cooled a little as I worked around the foam, it was STILL easier than with a craft/Xacto knife!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Walnut-Hollow-Creative-Versa-Tool-with-Versa-Temp-Variable-Temperature-Control-and-11-Woodburning-Points/dp/B005P1TRAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool with Versa-Temp Variable Temperature Control and 11 Woodburning Points</a>"
"This works great for wood burning! It heats up very quickly, has a good temperature range and a wide variety of different heads to use. I love it!"
"Exacly what I was looking for.  Works perfect, arrived perfect, all was great."
Heats up very fast.  Many attachments
"After waiting 20 minutes to start my burning project,  the tip still wasn't hot enough even turned all the way up."
"August 2017: I've had it for a few days and used it 3x so far.  It works well.  The padded grip is really a nice extra that most other models don't have.  I've used others that don't have this and they get too hot to use without turning them off and taking a break to let them  cool down..My fingers got uncomfortably hot with the ones without this.  I wish it had more tips though.  They need a tip that's in between the super pointy one and the blunted rounded one.  Mine did Not come with a tool stand.  This makes for a less than safe feeling to use as I have had to rig a metal bowl that won't move and that the wand won't pop out of.  These things get over 900 degrees.  Need to figure out who to call to have a stand sent to me or figure out a safer way to prop it when I need to set it down.  If it lasts a long time I would recommend it.  Plus, I got it for about $12.00 cheaper here than the craft stores."
"The first time I used it, the tip broke off IN the unit when I went to remove it! Now I have to drill it out and try to salvage the unit, but I bought it specifically for THAT TIP. AND the ""return window"" has passed. I'm pissed."
End of the unit itself began to melt down on me from the inside out.  Spend the extra money on a better unit or research and find another tool that's better quality.
"My son was gifted a children's woodburning kit a few years ago and it's led to more frustration than it was ever worth. I finally broke down and ordered this one hoping it would get hotter and work better. It most definitely does, and the tips make working with it much more fun. The only problem I have is that the pointed tip for fine details has already broken."
"It does what it says it does. Be careful, though, I burned the heck out of my finger when I picked it up wrong!"
Fun tool to use. Works as described.  Perfect for a hobbies.
Tips strip and break off in tool. Used for total 4 hours now is useless. Would not recommend this purchase
Good tool
"Power cord is a little too short, but great price"
Heats up quickly. Works well.
"Great value for the price. I've only used it once so far, after prolonged use you do need to let it cool down a bit before continuing to use it. But for it's price I found this to be a good value for a starting out woodburner."
This was a gift fro my granddaughter as she enjoys using ours of the same brand that we've had for years.  It works well and is as described.
I use it to creat stencils for facepaint world perfect!
"I am no expert at wood burning but overall really enjoy it! It definitely has a learning curve however once you figure out its not to difficult, the instructions were clear and eveb had nice tips on definitely a good buy for anyone wanting to try pyrography!"
Nice to work witih.  Easy to use.
"Great price, ever better product."
Excellent product
Just what inwasnlooking for!
"My husband is always proud of himself when he builds or creates something. But when he wants to relax, he often plays games. Which is okay. But, I wanted to encourage him to do more things to make him truly happy.

I bought him this set for woodburning along with a beginners book. He ended up loving them! We had to cut down a couple trees in our yard, and he carefully cut wood slices for him to use for practice.

None of his practices are flawless, but he made them. He finds it fun! I'm happy that this is a unique hobby, I'm excited to see if it turns into anything. I'd love to have us craft together."
Not super impressed.  I thought it would be a little easier to burn the wood on a pallet but it is rather time consuming.
"Useless! I waited several months to open the Amazon box because I didn't need this woodburning tool immediately. I found the inner manufacturers box had been opened. One of the tips was heavily burnt and broken off in the tool so it couldn't be replaced. They passed off a used returned tool as being new. Too late to get a refund now, I guess. Lesson learned: inspect your purchase immediately!"
a really great product
I received this item in Friday. Opened on Saturday to use as I have an order due to a customer and guess what It worked less than 5 min and died. This is causing me delays on sending out my order. I'm sooo upset.
Awesome
just what I expected
"First time ever using a pyrography pen. This thing ROCKS. It's very easy to use and heats up very fast. It also cools down quickly. It comes with several different tips for different types of patterns. I laid it down on the table and it didn't burn it. Pen gets VERY HOT so be careful. The tip wouldn't unscrew at first, I had to get some plyers. Works great, love this product."
"this is a fun tool, hard to get back in the container though"
Awesome for stippling guns! Gets real hot and works great
"This product looked legit when it arrived, so I was excited.

The tip warped as soon as it got hot, then the whole thing stopped working for no reason 2 minutes in.

I'm very upset. Don't buy this."
Great transaction.  Tool works fine for what we paid for it.
"Works great, good price."
"It does what it's supposed to, but I refuse to give it more than one star due to one absolutely ridiculous design flaw. The temperature control weighs more than the iron itself, and hangs about 10"" from the iron. Some of you already know where I'm going with this... but that means gay any time the temperature control is below the iron, it will pull it down. Guess what you don't want getting pulled down? A HOT IRON. After burning my foot, leg, and kitchen floor with it, I'm now storing it where it belongs.... a METAL trash can ( can't have it melting a plastic one.)"
"I haven't used this yet, but it looks really nice. It comes in a tight-sealing plastic box with compartments for all of the pieces."
I lost my first one of this brand so I bought a different brand... I had to buy this brand again because it is way better than the others I've tried
"great starter set. need to buy other tips for expanded projects, but love it thus far"
"I bought this after buying another wood burner because I wanted the adjustable heat knob.  I have only used it a couple of times, but it has been awesome.  It burns smoothly, and switching tips is easy.  I highly reccomend this tool, the price is spectacular."
"threads stripped. i will give it one more chance and get a replacement but seeing how others have the same issue, its not looking good"
Good quality & arrived on time.
"So far a good entry level product, but I recommend ordering from somewhere else. I got my package and was surprised to see a small colony of ants inside"
I am newbie to wood burning and am very happy this tool. One thing I have noticed is the dial on the heat setting turns very easily so just keep checking it to make sure you are at the temp you want. I have not tried all the points yet but will be doing so soon. Glad I purchased. Great for beginners.
"I found myself having a lot of spare time this summer and planned on getting this kit, but I waited until Prime Day in case it came down in price, and it did. Along with it I ordered a pyrography basics book which I skimmed over. I chose the Tapered Point tip to try and do a few test lines with, and wasn't doing that bad! Or so I thought... The Tapered Tip point broke, which I was dissastisfied by, it wasn't until later that week I realized that it was my own fault, as I was pressing down on the thin point way too hard. I messaged the seller directly and asked if I could purchase a replacement tip, and they sent me the one I needed, free of charge! It is because of this I am giving the company 5 stars, as their reasoning for sending me a free replacement was that they didn't want to turn my away from the hobby. I am also giving them 5 stars for the tool itself, which as the name says, it is indeed a Versa Tool.

My satisfaction with both the product and the company has given them a customer for life."
"So easy to use, heats up nice and hot. I love playing with this and doing fun projects. You can use it inside and the different tips are great for little details."
"Ok so this definitely works well, and it's the first one I've ever bought so I am really excited about it but I just wanted to say one thing that is frustrating is that the knob will turn itself easily so if you are using it on the hottest setting I've noticed a lot of times it's just suddenly not hot only to see that it turned itself down. Otherwise I love it."
"It's overall pretty good, especially for the price, doesn't get as hot as I would like, but I'm a beginner, so I don't know that it's any better or worse than a more expensive set!"
"looks to be a quality tool and ready to use,"
"Good product, as advertised.  Easy to use."
"Nice, work fine.  Package is not good for storage.  Put into your own box."
Arrived quickly..as described.
Very fun and easy to use. Hard to learn the art of pyrography. I wish the unit itself had more protection from the heat. It would be 5 star if it had an easier way to change the nibs without cooling down.
"Great little wood burner, takes a few minutes to warm up but works great."
"We Are burning a design onto particle board, but the Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool doesn't get hot enough and takes way too much time.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Walnut-Hollow-Creative-Versa-Tool-with-Versa-Temp-Variable-Temperature-Control-and-11-Woodburning-Points/dp/B005P1TRAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool with Versa-Temp Variable Temperature Control and 11 Woodburning Points</a>"
"This is a good starter tool for woodburning. The various tips are helpful in making different marks and the price is very reasonable.
However, they don't make the burner's threads out of tough enough metal. After using only a handful of times, the threads melted slightly and became warped in the burner. Now no tips will fit or screw into the end. The burner is now useless.
If Walnut Hollow would fix this big big problem, then I would change this to a 5 star review."
I bought this set to actually melt plastic instead of using it as a wood tool. It works well for what I need once I figured out the correct temperature setting. My only complaint is that the dial is very easily turned and a couple of times it has bumped against things and moved while I was working. To fix that problem I now put a piece of tape over the dial to keep it in place.
This is a pretty cool tool. I have used this several times. Just don't touch it to your skin.
Picked this up specifically to use to modify polymer pistol frames.  Works great on GLOCK frames.  Easy to use and heats up to temp quickly.
"This is my first time using a wood burning tool.  It will take practice but from the little I have used it, it worked great.  The only thing I noticed as the longer time went, the hotter the tool got to the touch.  Towards the end of my project it almost too hot to hold any longer.  I'm not experienced though so I'm unsure if I need to turn the temp down at some point?  But the product itself worked great!"
Super excited about this tool. It appears to be in good shape and the case it comes in is pretty nice. I tested this on pine wood using a letter set I purchased separately.
"Good tool, works well"
Like this wood burning wool very much. Love the control for heat seating.
The bits wouldn't stay on this I had to return it
"The tips cool down and heat up quickly. The product is easy to use, even for me and I am left handed. This is a great tool for beginners and professionals. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in learning pyrography or already knows how to do wood burning."
One of the tip broke off IN the burner so now it's useless !!! First time using it for about 20 mins.....  don't buy this brand. This was the second one the other model I got from hobby lobby and the on off switch is busted.
Great! Recommend this seller!
Good quality
"It doesn't seem to hold the heat. This is my first one, so maybe I'm just not knowledgable enough. I ordered another one, which had good reviews, to compare."
Nice working with this on the first day. I have not tried all the tips but they seem stout.
I've had this for about two years and I still love it. I do need to upgrade but I've been able to learn on it for this long and I've never had a problem.
"Really pleased with this! It was easy to use, Congress with lots of different tips, and the temp control was Berri responsive."
"It doesn't stay consistently hot and then over heats so keeping the lines even is pretty hard. I would not recommend this wood burning pen to anyone, especially a beginner."
"<div id=""video-block-R1ASS3R4OKH6XB"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Vmi4IPLgS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1NTI4zrtRS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">It's nice to have, I have tested it and comes in handy with instructions, not known of other use for it too, which is great! I will be using this when I can! A reliable in your handy drawers! ( thought submitted this,lol) I have used it once and turns out great that my expectation! I'll be doing another 1 tomorrow,on pallets!"
Works great
So easy to use!  I've already made my parents some awesome cutting board gifts for Mothers Day and Fathers Day
I am sure it is good just did not work for me
I got this tool because I wanted to learn how to do wood burning and I absolutely love it. I used word to create my design and then used the transfer tip that came with this tool to place it on the wood and then did the outlining with another tip. I think it came out pretty good for my first one and I can't wait to do more!!!!
It is challenging to use because of the design.
I bought it for our wedding and I was so disappointed.  The calligraphy point didn't work we'll. I tried different pieces of wood. It looked like my 5 yr old's handwriting.
Get your burn on! Burn on fellow burners!
Works really well!  I needed to turn the temperature up higher than recommended for my wood project.
I think the one I got was defective. It would get hot then almost turn off. It was very hard to control.
This was better than I expected. It came with quite a few interchangeable tips in a nice little case. We love it and price was great
"This tool is great for the price.  Good assortment of tips for any project.  It gets very hot and burns fast so you can work quickly.  The rubber piece on the handle provides a good grip.

Some minor annoyances I had....  It needs a swivel where the cord attaches to the handle.  I kept having to untwist it.  The thermostat on the cord is too close to the handle.  It was always flopping about at my elbow or wrist.  The thermostat has a positive 'click' stop for the off position, but no where else on the dial.  So while you are working away and the thermostat is flopping about on the wire, it rubs against whatever and changes your temperature setting.  I found a piece of masking tape fixed this issue.  The tips kept coming unscrewed while I was working.  I just kept pliers handy and retightened every so often."
"Had to make number blocks and signs for a wedding and this unit made quick work of the entire project, temp. control is a plus. Don't go cheap and get a worthless low-budget, low temp. burner it will take you forever to get the job done, I know because I had to upgrade to this unit otherwise it would have taken me forever to complete a simple project. The blocks and signs came out great; the bride, groom and coordinator were all impressed!! And now I'm  prepared for my next project and then some with the extra tips that come in the kit."
GOD BLESS
"This multi-tool is useful for a multitude of things, but we purchased it primarily to cut foam and thermoplastic. For those purposes, it excels.

The stand that it comes with is a joke. It's wobbly, limp, and has no weight on it. The balance of the versa tool is very off-- the temperature wheel seems to weigh almost as much as the tool and causes a pull on the tool itself-- and precarious. We had set the versa tool to rest on the stand to take a minute break from our crafting session, only to have it completely fall off the table edge and onto our carper. The flimsy stand, which is just a lightweight bent metal wire, completely gave to the weight of the temperature wheel and provided no support as the weight pulled it off the table edge. The high heat it burned a gigantic hole into our apartment carpet.

It also came with only one heat blade attachment and no instruction as to how to get replacement parts on the manual.

The product would have received a higher rating had it come with a better base to rest it on."
"I'm not an artist by any means, but this did the trick.  Purchased to do customized wooden vases for wedding d&eacute;cor.  I have only used the fat tip, but it is easy to use and served the purpose very well.  If you want a darker deeper burn just go over your line again ."
good wood burner kit for a beginner
"Wallnut Hallow for me is one of the best for what you need for your art projects.
 I love the versa tool except, I have problems with the location of the temperature adjuster, it gets caught up on the edge of the table, and to stop a moment and place it in the stand I must make sure where the dial gadge is at. So having to stop it becomes a distraction and is frustrating.
 I have been a customer since the mid 90's!
 Thank-you"
"Only reason I didn't provide five stars is due to the fact that I have still yet to completely familiarize myself with this nifty tool. Only con I would give would be the way the item is packaged. It kinda puts a kink in the wire, but I imagine in due time that will fall out. I just don't store mine n the case it came in. Mine was purchased at local Michaels craft store but same item and basically same price, except for the coupon I used at the store."
Great tool! Cable a bit short but works awesome!
"it is wonderful that i can adjust temperature for different depths of burn and points, also the rubber insulation is a good touch so it is never to hot to handle."
very good and works great.
that was one time use for us . very cheap
Love this tool and the variety of heat settings. Great for beginners like me.
"Great accessories and case but, HORRIBLE DESIGN on iron. The power switch is approximately 12"" down the cord from the iron and it's heavier them the actual iron and it pulls the iron from the tabletop. I wish I could return it."
Perfect!
Super bummed! The threads on this got stripped the first time I used it. Not sure if it's a defect or operator error.
"dont get hot enough , don't buy"
GAVE AS GIFT. GRAND SON LIKED IT.
"I have never wood burned anything before, but it is already going well with this kit! I really like the shadow/fade/feather tip or whatever it is called. It is super versatile and burns nice and evenly. Also you can control how dark it burn with relative ease after minimal practice.

I have only tried a handful of tips, but am already thinking about what situations they would work well in. Lots of options in here!

My only issue would b with the temperature control knob. I wish the cord was significantly longer, with the knob way further from the tool, then maybe I could suction cup it to the table. Currently it is only about 6""-12"" from the tool, so expect it to move around the table as you work and move from your piece to the stand."
Did not hold up very long.
The best basic kit.  You don't really need more than this unless you want to do a LOT of burning.  Would recommend this over other starter kits because of the variable heat control.
Works well so far!  Nothing fancy so can't elaborate yet.
After YouTube....very easy to manipulate and very enjoyable.
"the best one out there for the money, broke my last one so i bought another"
I have been using this same tool since I purchased it many years ago. Still working great.
"This wood burner is very versatile, offers a lot of functionality, and the price is very reasonable. I would definitely recommend"
Works much better than I expected. For such a cheap price you can't go wrong with this. Will not disappoint.
"Actually bought at Hobby Lobby not Amazon, but it is wrecked after ONE use!  Threads inside pen that hold the tips melted and will no longer accept the tips.  This was after ONE brief period of light use."
It was just what I wanted
Awesome!
Awesome product. User friendly. Great delivery.
"The rivets in the soldering handle do not work after just a few days of using.  So, I can't put any tips in!!! I could have bought a $12 soldering and it would have broken anyway, according to the reviews.  The expensive one did not work any better for me.  And the Pointed tip broke from being used to write letters so, I don't have the tip that I use the most!!  Very disappointing. Customer service phone line asked to leave a message which I have done.  lets see."
"Thing is junk. Had it less than 24 hours and did one piece before one of the threaded tips broke off on the inside while unscrewing it. Youre better off using a soldering iron than this thing. If you don't feel like dropping 100$ on a nice one with a power supply and just want to try it out, then spend the 25$, but don't expect it to last.

I bought this from michaels, not the seller."
Works great!
my daughter-in-law has it now :(
This set will make a great gift for my grandson. I ordered it for my husband but he was disappointed as he wanted something a little more professional.
The pieces are very soft and bend when hot. Not worth the money.
hubby likes it temp control is cool
"I love the device but I broke this one and another one I bought.  If going to use it more than once, maybe better to invest in a better product"
"I want to give this more stars but I just can't. It has great features that were poorly executed.

First, the cord is not nimble. I find myself fighting with it each and every time.

Temp Control 1 - GREAT FUNCTION - is in the wrong spot. Along with the cord, I fight with it and it's always in the way. It also drags the unit away from the holder and I find this to be a huge fire hazard cause it could drag it off the workspace and onto the floor. I do use something more than the poorly designed holder for extra protection and safety.

Temp Control 2 - the dial is too loose. One hit, by fighting with the cord, and the dial moves.

I think next time I'll invest more money into a better unit."
"Always wanted to test out wood burning and this tool is mighty useful to start with.
It's very simple to use and pretty easy to switch out the different heads.
I do find that when you're using it the top doesn't seem to stay hot hot after awhile, I just have to go slowly so it stays hot enough to keep going.
And just make sure you have a good space to work the heat adjustment on the cord is somewhat closer than desireable to the actual tool and could slip off the table if you're not careful."
"Took a little getting practice on some scrap wood, but ended up with great results for my granddaughter's wooden alphabet blocks with corner effects. Very pleased with my first project and the thermostat is useful for various materials.  Save time and order uppercase letter set at the same time."
Works great. Wish I had these years ago.
Love it and perfect for a beginner
"Bought this, after my cheap walmart one stripped the threads in the middle of a big project. So far this walnut hallow is holding up okay. The bits aren't loose like the other but time will tell. The temperature control is nice too."
"This tool right here is one of my favorites because it has a heat temperature low heat to super hot, not like the other two I have it only has on/off switches.. and the price was great too, comes its own case.. you'll love it.."
"I had high hopes for this wood burner and did a lot of research prior to purchasing. Unfortunately, the third time i went to use it, the tip sheared off with he threaded portion still in the machine, rendering it unusable until i can maybe get it out, and of course that tip, the most commonly used one, is now unusable. Very dissatisfied not to mention ive got several projects on hold now with my wood burner..."
"This is my 2nd set. I bought the 1st set in 2013 and it's still working but I love it so much I had to get an extra set just in case.
I tried to buy another brand (more expensive than this one) but it stopped working after 3 weeks so I returned and purchase this one.
I think they've upgraded the box too, it looks nicer than I remember.
Very happy with the purchase."
"I liked the results, but only used it once and the tip broke inside the heating element, now I can not use it.  And I cant return it, a waste of money"
Really nice but gets super hot and you need to wait till it cools before changing out the tip.
meh I needed a new soldering iron
"I am new to wood burning and needed a cheap wood burner, and this tool filled my needs! I only had two minor problems with it. The first being that while changing out the tips, the needlenose pliers left teeth marks on the tip. This was fine until one day half of one of the tips stayed in the burner. I ordered another one and this time I am being more carefful with it. Just please be careful while removing. The second thing is that the shading tip does not shade as well as I expected it to; it seems to only shade from the top of the shader. All in all I would give it 4/5 for beginners. I would recommmend this book by Sue Walters. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1565232585/ref=od_aui_detailpages01?ie=UTF8&psc=1"
"Love this burner. New to pyography, i know there are better tools out there but this is great for getting your feet wet."
Used it once and one of the point screws broke off in the socket. It is now unusable.
"Good product, very happy with operation"
I was loving this tool for wood burning until one of my tips broke off inside the tool. The thread of the post snapped right off and is now stuck inside the tool. My husband is going to try to fix it. Im disappointed because I really was enjoying my new hobby.
Works like intended only complaint is the dial is too close and gets in the way.
Concept is great but I burnt out the tips ruinining the piece after 3 projects.
"I purchased the model with the temp. control. Plus, I purchased a set of letters and a set of numbers, so total investment about fifty bucks. As other reviewers stated, the tip snapped off after not too many uses! I carefully pored over the super fine print instructions; did I miss anything? Yes! You are supposed to lubricate the threads with dry graphite powder, like you use to lubricate your door locks. So I purchased some graphite powder and a new, cheaper model Walnut Hollow tool. I used the graphite and it seemed to be working . . .THEN THE TIP SNAPPED OFF. Useless. I hope you heed my warning and save yourself some bucks. I will look elsewhere now."
"Great product, except it should come with more details on how to use it. I had to find out the hard way on couple things."
"i used this on a maple wood puzzle box and it did pretty well all in all... not sure if i would use it to solder anything, it would take too long.. my only real problem with it was that the controller is just too close to the handle, not enough cord in between to keep the weight of the controller from being a drag on any fine work using the handle.. i ended up wrapping that part of the cord around my wrist and that solved the issue.. all in all good for the price..."
"Works pretty good , got here quick"
Good products and quality.
"Used only a few times over the course of only a few weeks for small crafts.  The metal tip melted inside the shaft.  So when I tried to unscrew it, the tip broke and it's now stuck with no way of removing it.  Also, when using it, I did not like the location of the heat control switch.  It is located too close to the pen and caused a ""drag"" affect when I was trying to burn fine details.  Not a good design altogether.  Can't get a refund as my purchase date was more than 30 days ago (I'm at like 45 days).  Bummer!  Pretty sure Home Depot would accept a return!"
"Its very bad tool, I received it today and i work on it less than 10 min and the burner had damage, its stop heats and never work again :("
Works great and my son loved it....still using it too.!!
I liked the extra tips as it helped with some of my wood burning.
THanks
"I bought this item twice. The product worked as advertised at first but both times the metal components got hot enough to melt the bits. I am now unable to unscrew and attach different bits. The heat is not a danger to your hands, but they made the metal to soft for the attachment bits. I would not recommend to others."
"Great item, it heated up quickly and came with a lot of attachments. Will be getting a lot of use out of this product."
"This doesn't come with the letter stamps that are in the pictures, but it's nice to know that you can buy them if you want them. I used the exact o-type knife and it worked excellent. I might post a picture of what I was able to do with it. It's a great price and fun to use."
Arrived on time and is great for a starter kit!
Love it work great
The first time we used the woodburner and tried to change the tip the new tip would not screw in.  Cannot use the woodburner..  Needs to be replacedASAP
temperature control works good but alittle too close to the burning end other then that my husband loves it
"Bought this to burn six custom made wood signs that my wife and I have along a trail on our property to guide people to our guest cottage. Those signs after about a year of sunshine and weather have faded, making them hard to read. This worked perfectly. Took me about half hour to run the hot top of this wood burner over the letters and now the lettering is a deep, dark, rich looking color that is easy to read and even nicer looking than the day we bought the signs brand new. Very happy with this little tool set."
for my budding artist grand daughter - the adjustable heat is good - good grip - does the job.
"Ordered this crap to do some stippling on polymer pistol frames. The ""all purpose"" tip came installed and extremely stuck. I have tried and tried to remove it, to the point where the tip is now damaged. Complete waste of money. Very disappointing."
"This is my first wood burning tool. I've used it for a couple days now.
The handle does get hot after about 15 straight minutes of use.
The temperature dial is super annoying. I currently use tape to wrap it around the cord in such a way that it isn't constantly hitting the table.
I've switched the tip out probably half a dozen times. I wait for it to cool down and then screw/unscrew carefully. So far no issues.

I would recommend this tool for people who want to gauge their interest in this art form. It's not the most comfortable tool to use. I come from a calligraphy background so i have a steady hand and know all about taking things slow but i'm not sure it's possible to get consistent, smooth lines with this tool. I'm using basswood but even on the hottest setting, some of the tips just don't allow a good flow for burning."
"This little wood burner is fantastic! It's roughly the price of worse ones for sale at Michael's and Hobby Lobby. I used it for my first project just yesterday and I was overjoyed with how easy it was to use. We've recently moved into a new home and I wanted something for our front door. As a scholar of Viking history, I decided it would be lovely to have a section of the H&aacute;vam&aacute;l adorning our dwelling. This took all of five minutes to burn with the standard tip and then about 10 minutes for cool-down before burning the dots with the fine tip. I couldn't be happier.

Included photo translate: ""Halr er heima hverr"" ""A man is master at home."""
"This was a gift for my husband, he uses it to cut heavy duty nylon fabric to make bags. He had an old tool like this and was really impressed with how well it works and that it came with multiple tips."
"Works good. Looked used when I received, but works good."
"Bought this for my 12 year old son.  He loves it!  Has been wood burning for the last 3 weeks and is really good. The ""Learn to Burn"" book has been a great guide for getting started."
Works good. I use it for cutting plastic
I don't recommend this product. Spend a little more money and get a nicer one. I was using one of the tips to do some wood burning and the tip started bending from the heat. It then broke clear off leaving the screwed in part stuck inside and burned a hole in my couch. I will not be using this product anymore. Very disappointed.
Having the temperature control is really handy. Great quality for being so cheap!!
"Great starter tool! Works amazing for wood burning as a beginner, however; as you progress I would invest in a more sophisticated burner."
"Have not had the chance to use it yet, but overall it looks like everything is of a good quality"
I love the temperature control and the useful tips.  I wish that it was a little more ergonomic.
It's awesomeness
"I don't even know how this piece of garbage is the best seller, honestly.. The only reason i  thought it was a good idea to buy this was that it was a best seller so i thought it was also good quality (At least to last like a month or something) I was so excited to try it out and it broke when i removed the tip on the first day. (I followed the instructions, let it cool down and used a pliers) So now the tips won't stay still when i try to draw with it.
Total waste of money."
Can be used for so many things! The many tips and temp control are worth it.
bought this for my hubby on fathers day and boy was he ever so happy with it and still using it. making all sorts of wood burning product. just as described.
"Threads stripped after one use, first tip was super hard to remove like it was cross threaded."
Great for a beginner. My wife bought this for me for my birthday and the first night of playing with it I was able to draw this squirrel.
"Great burner! Handle gets a bit warm, but that's it's purpose right?"
Works very well an easy to change tips
"Big bang for the buck.  I got this because it has a temperature selector, making it very suitable for a variety of uses.  Gets hot enough to run a hot knife blade."
Fast delivery & good quality
"Using this tool went well at first...But on my second project, I was changing the tips out and the screw part of one of the tips broke off inside the tool. Now I can't change tips. Very frustrated and now I have a useless tool and tips I cannot use. Buy a professional wood burning iron--don't waste your money on this cheap piece of junk. :("
Bought as gift and my daughter loves it.
These clamps are very well built and should do a good job for years to come.
Brilliant
Temp control works well for lower temp work.
used product for first time today. Worked for 5 minutes and stopped working.
It's definitely a great product. The only problem is that I cant take the universal point off! Help! 
I bought this to replace one whose threafs stripped because I was changing hot tips very often..Walnut hollow sent a thread repair tool free of charge. So now I  own two..no tip changes needed..works very well.
nice kit
I love this product but sorta disappointed in how hard it is to detach the different bits or whatever there called.
it already is not working properly after a few uses. the tip doesn't stay tight.
"Works well. I do wish the temperature control was further from the tool itself. When in use it becomes suspended rather than sitting on the table. The tips are a bit difficult to remove...I haven't been able to do it by hand, so have taken pliers, wrapped in tape to avoid scratching the tips, to get the grip needed to remove tips. Otherwise, the tool works well."
"Loved it.......except after the first use of exchanging one bit to the other, the threads stripped and now unusable. I was extremely careful due to previous research. So much for that.....will try another product. Wood burning is so much fun!!!!"
Bought it for our grandson & he is having a BLAST with it!
"One of the tips broke off in tool making it useless, don't waste your time, apparently tips are cheaply made."
"I have owned a few different wood burners. But this one is, by far, my favorite. You don't realize how much you enjoy the heat dial until you have one that only has a switch. Highly recommend."
Perfect couldn't find one down here like this it's great thanks
"i use these tools daily! very sturdy, especially the tips."
"I have been wanting to learn how to make my own wood burning art and thought this would be a great in-expensive beginners tool. I love the options that this comes from, the amount of different points, in my opinion, has so far not left me with wishing I had more options. The actual tool itself works well, the only drawback to it is that it does take a long time to heat up, but then it works perfectly once it does.

My only complaint is that the control to set your temperature seems to be heavier than the actual tool itself, then when placed on the provided metal stand to hold the tool, the weight of the control ends up pulling the metal stand with the hot burning tool off whatever surface you are working on. My work around with this is to either tape the bottom of the stand down with quite a bit of tape, which the instructions do suggest, or to just get closer to where I have it plugged in at and rest the control on top of my table.

Great beginners tool, I haven't used the soldering or the stamp parts yet, but I am really satisfied with this product. I have had this for a little over a month and after several uses it is still working wonderfully."
"This is my first wood burning tool and is reasonably priced as such. It works well with adjustable temp, but the temp control is on the cord just below the tool and is constantly rubbing on things as I use the tool and the temp gets turned up all the way. Would be better to have the control separate from the tool itself as in a box that sits stationary with the wire running from it to the tool. Otherwise, I'm happy with this purchase, but will probably buy the other type if I keep building my pyrography skills."
Gift for nephew. He loves it!
Great for the price point.
"Good product, well built."
I love everything about this burner. It has the temperature control that works to perfection. I used it this year to make wooden Christmas ornaments and it made the process so much easier having the temperature control on it. I would definitely reccommend
"I have such burner for a year now and have to say that it is amateur tool which allows you to do some basic work. If you are amazing in wood burning -  you will be able to use it till some extent. However, it will drop temperature unexpectedly (even on the leather) and then just burn in. Heat distribution is uneven and handle is very uncomfortable.
Not recommend for ANY type of real shading - just basic burning lines on the perfectly polished surface."
collar of the shirt was a little tight but other than that it fit well
Wife is having fun with her wood burning projects. Loves the adjustable temperature.
"Once i found the temp I like to burn the wood, it was comfortable to hold and draw with."
Muy bueno
I have used this for 2 times and not seen any problem yet.
"....works great...one con....is the location of the temp control, the location is to close to the burner making it awkward and in the way during use"
"So far so good. Received early and worked right out of the box. I have no experience with this. Never used any type of tool like this but I took it out and was able to start using it right away. I was so impatient I used the only piece of wood available to me, a ruler, and I am pleased with how easy it was to use."
"Nice, inexpensive beginner's set.  Haven't used much ... too early to say more."
"This works great. I like the variety of tips and the temperature control. This is a great starter toolkit.
I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because the first one I purchased was stripped (where the tips screw into). I returned it with no issues and bought a second one."
Wonderful tool and perfect for my needs.
Threads stripped in shafts third time switching attachments.  Not happy.
I never used on of these previously but I bought this to make a wooden wall ruler to track the children's height as they grow.  This did the job pretty well for some basic burning of lines and free hand numbers.  I didn't use for any detailed or artistic wood burning.
tips are very soft already had 2 break / melt.
i love my wood walnut hollow creative versa tool its a nice one
Very weak threading...
As expected. Great hobby craft wood burner. This is the second one I have owned. Plus it was cheaper on Amazon than the craft stores.
Awesome
Nice set!
"This product is great! I'm knocking one star as a safety hazard for the temperature knob being too close to the wand itself. When using the stand the control brick has a tendency to pull the wand away and spin it quickly. This is dangerous when it's very hot and burnt me once. Other than that it's seriously is incredible. Having minute control over temp control is very nice for shading lightly or cranking it up to get dark black shades quickly.
This thing does get HOT on the hottest setting though, and although the nice black grip does a great job absorbing temperature (better than any others I've used actually), the heat is uncomfortably noticeable on max.
The only issue I've run into is having the tips slowly unscrew themselves with use. Slightly annoying to keep tightening them."
"Quick shipping, product as promised"
Got this for my son who was doing crafts and it was perfect for what he was doing.. Built good
Great beginner set!
"I wanted to try out woodcarving.  I am a true beginner, and though it would be a nice craft to try out.  I made a number of snowflake ornaments for a tree this year on birch slices.  I really like it.  The only thing I may end up doing though is buying two of them.  That way I can go a little quicker when needing to switch out tips.  If I get a second, I will likely stick with this brand."
good buy
Great buy!! Works really well no problems...
"I purchased this kit from Michael's, not Amazon. I just recently got into woodburning and the gun does what it says it will do. My first issue is that the power dial where you pick the heat setting is just too close to the actual gun. The whole time I use the gun, it hits me in the arm or hits the table and gets turned down. My second issue with this is that the power dial is very easy to manipulate, which means if it does slide against the desk or table, it will turn down or up very easily. Overall, it does work properly, but I find the cord aggravating and I am considering investing in another gun because of that."
Made a gift for my girlfriend and this did a great job with a plastic-coated wood product...just needed a little extra pressing
"Purchased this as a beginner tool to get started in pyrography and general wood burning. Having never really taken up this craft, I didn't want to spend a crazy amount on a tool to get started. For me, this is the perfect burner. Yes the thermostat can get a little finicky, but overall this was exactly what I was looking for. I did end up taping the stand down when using it so it wouldn't slide around."
Works well wish the temperature switch was a little farther down on the cord so it wouldn't get in the was as I was using it.
"Works well. Only thing I would change us that the cord can not spin freely at the base of the burner, therefore it gets twusted and tangled."
Works great still playing with this new toy maybe later I'll post a project.
I bought these to make Christmas gifts with and it was so much fun learning how to use it.  It was also very easy to use.  The instruction book tells you exactly how to use it and what each piece is good for.  My only complaint is that the stand they give you to hold it up when it is on has to be taped down somewhere.  I would love an actual stand that would stand on its own.
"I got this originally for pyrography on rod grips. I've been using it lately on wood too, I've been having a lot of fun with it. It works great. No, you won't have trouble with tips getting stuck or breaking if you follow their simple directions. Wait till it's cooled to change tips, and periodically lube with dry graphite.
My hand doesn't get too hot holding it. I've worked for a few hours at a time at its max setting, and never felt the need for a glove or towel or anything like that. I am however deducting a star for the crummy power cord. First, it's way too short, maybe 3 or 4' at most. So, unless you're sitting on the floor next to an outlet, you'll need an extension cord. And second, the thermostat is way too close to the pen. Maybe a foot at most. So you're constantly dragging, picking up, banging around the thermostat as you try to work. It's better if you wrap the cord over your arm, but seriously, it should have never been made that way to begin with."
I've used it once and now none of the points will screw into the tool. Threads blown. Piece of crap.
Bought this for my house mate as a birthday gift. She loves it and has done many projects with already. She was very impressed with all the accessories that came with it and the dial to control the temperature. A great gift for anyone that is into wood burning or even leather burning.
Works great lots of different tips. The small point tip allows for very accurate burning.
Love it! Works great!
So in love with this tool! I've used it to create and design many things!
I've been through two of these already. The first one just stopped heating up and I just received my second one and one of the tips broke off in the burner. Now I am unable to change out the tip.
"Good product.enjoying the extra accessories. After using more, must downgrade my edit to a 3. Heat adjustment knob is too close to burner. Always getting in the way."
"This is the second time I have purchased this same kit- the first was for myself and has been used many times. This kit was to give to my niece to teach her how to wood burn. Some of the tips seem extraneous, but the adjustment works well and the machine is very reliable.
Make sure to let the machine and tip cool before changing the tips out, though, as cross-threading is easy when the machine/tip are hot and is an easy way to make a tip permanent."
It works
Works just fine.
"I liked this tool very much.  It will not handle large jobs and it's tips are fragile, but for small things, which is what I needed it for, it works well."
"This is perfect for beginner or advanced wood burning enthusiasts! It heats quickly, works well and is easy to use."
Product works very well.  Only complaint is that after a while the tip I'm using will come loose.  I keep scissors or pliers on hand to tighten it without having to turn it off and wait for it to cool.
The Threads inside the tool stripped 10 minutes into using the tool.  We love the tips but now we have a tool that we cannot screw any tips on.
Works very well and extremely versatile.
"Great for a low cost beginner set.
I've used it on leather and wood with no issues."
Grandson loved it.
Pretty darn cool!
Love it
"Just used this for the first time. Great upgrade from my harbor freight model, but after the first project using the ""universal point"" on some scrap ceder then some ceramic (testing out the heat dial) the universal point melted and blunted at the tip... I hope this does not continue, especially since that was the most sturdy tip...."
"Great product, easy to use. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that the tips screw in instead of a quick connect system. If you are burning someone's name into a wood working project it is going to take a while! If this had a quick change system for the tips, it would certainly get 5 stars."
"Works Great, no complaints after 1+ years of light crafting use."
"tool is great, i might buy better tips for it though."
I'm pretty upset with this purchase. I used it 3 times and I tried to switch out a tip and the one I used previously was melted inside the pen so I couldn't change it. I had to turn the pen back on to get the tip out...not I can't put any other tip in it. I'm buying a different brand now.
"Purchased for 3D print clean-up and a back-up soldering pencil.  The temperature dial allows me to re-melt and sculpt my PLA 3D prints and works great.  Different materials have different melting temperatures and this allows me to dial it in just right without scorching the material.  Soldering pencil works as expected.  The customizable storage case is fantastic, with lots of extra cubbys for additional bits as needed."
Doesn't burn well
Exactly what I wanted !
"Works very well. Bought for our kids to start doing woodburning projects, but also for my lettering and signing of crafts/signs.  It is really nice that it has a dial for temperature selection-this way I can set it to the proper heat for different wood density, etc.  Works as it should.  Recommended as a nice entry level burner.  Comes in a nice plastic storage case. Impressed in what we got for the price.  This would be my top pick as far as the entry level burners go here on Amazon.  Can't really go wrong with it!"
Received many compliments and laughs. The words were a tad hard to read but still noticeable. The red in the shirt has a tye-dyed appearance and a little stiff but will soften up over time. . Will continue throughout the holiday season and years to come.
I have only played with this a little. So far I like it. Im hoping to get better and make things for people.
doesn't seem to get hot enough
"I've never really used these kinds of crafting tools, however I found myself needing this kind of item for a project. I was happy to see that the product was easy to use even for a shaky novice like myself! =) There are a lot of different blade types and sizes to choose from to create different cuts and designs. I also liked the packaging, the product came in a neat, organized kit.
I got it a little later than expected when I did priority shipping, which is why i docked a star. But otherwise this is a great tool!"
Got lots of laughs!
"Wonderful tool. I've used it often for custom wedding gifts and they're always well loved. However, it decided it was going to snap one of the tips off in the base in the middle of a long use. Can't screw anything into it now because the remains of the broken tip is still in there. Going to have to throw the whole thing out now. 4/5 for use and value but 1/5 for longevity."
"Love it. Great tool, the cord could be longer, but overall it's a nice tool."
"Not a terrible woodburner but didn't really get hot enough so it took forever to complete the project I was working on. I got this one because it had an adjustable thermostat but its actually a hinderance because the dial kept turning to low while I was working. By the time I realized it I had to reset it to high and wait for it to heat up. Quality was just ok, I guess what you'd expect for the price. I couldn't really recommend this item though."
My daughter absolutely loves this kit for producing her craft projects.  The variable temp control is a great feature.
"Used for ""welding"" plastic models, works great. The melting styrene plastic stinks, but I'm older than dirt and my nose can't tell the difference so its cool."
"I have many hobbies, so I thought this would cover a bunch of uses. It seems to be OK at everything I've used it for, but not phenomenal at anything.

The temperature control is too close to the pen. Unless I clip the cord to my bench, the temp box slides off the edge and pulls the hot pen along with it. It took several times of seeing it go out of the corner of my eye and trying to catch it before I decided to just let it hit the floor. I've read the suggestions to tape the stand to the bench, but I move the unit from home to work, so that's not an option. I've tried fabricating a heavier mount for the stand with limited success. So far, the best solution for me is to just keep it in a coffee cup.

The dial on the temp control needs a more positive (or stiffer) rotation control. I find it far too easy to bump the dial on something and change the temperature setting. I resolved it by pulling off the big dial and just using the post by feel to avoid going to use the pen and finding that it was cold.

The hot knife tip does not heat up enough to melt through paracord, which is the main reason I purchased this. The shading tip seems to work better, but doesn't give me the clean cut I was hoping for.

I have yet to get a decent solder joint out of it without fighting the temp control for half an hour.

The little bit of woodburning I've done has mostly been pretty good minus the constant struggle with the temp control box being in the way or falling off the bench."
The tool works wonderfully.  I bought it for burning leather and it did the trick.  I need to get better at the craft with some practice but it's no fault of the tool.  :)
I tried burning on different wood but it's not giving me the results that I want.
"Really cute for ""tacky Christmas party"".  Put a white turtleneck under it.  Great value"
"Review on its way, after the holidays."
A awesome product thanks....
Great product!  Arrived on time and was as expected!
"Got this to use for making Christmas presents.  Works well but it does get too hot for me to hold after about 20 min of use and then I have to turn it off and let it cool.  I'm new to wood burning, but it's fun.  I mostly just use the 1 rounded end tip.  Great for the price though."
"It was a gift, I guess it was fine."
"Decent small kit for the price.  Only down side is that the temp control is too close to the tool itself, so when working with it, it tends to weight down the cord a little, and awkward placement.  I wish it was down the cord a little further.  This may be just a preference, but....."
"The versatility of this wood burning tool is amazing! I had a simple wood burning tool about 20 years ago (lost it). I enjoyed it. This one is so much better! When I finally receive my leather crafting kit, this will be used for that as well as wood and carving."
Love it
"Item arrived on time, loved the setup with interchangeable heads. Product was working great, I got halfway through a project when one of the tips snapped off. Now it is useless, turns out the thing that sets this apart from other wood burners is also its downfall. Useful tips go slow, REALLY SLOW, also take multiple breaks allowing it to cool. I think my problem was my project was fairly large and I was woodburning for a couple hours at a time. One more thing try not to press too hard when woodburning."
Just right for my crafts. Heats fast. Stays hot and easy to work with.
I wish I could say something good about this product. The tip broke indie the tool with now way to get it out. Now it's useless because we cannot put a new tip on it.
great tool perfect for a fist timer.  easy to use.
Such a cool product! comes with everything you need. heats up very quickly. My only issue is that it is hard to take the tips off to change out for a new one
"Excellent tool,I would purchase from this seller again"
"This wood burner works really well. The different tips are fantastic for finer detail. This is a high quality product, especially for the price."
Nice kit great gift
Good quality for the price.
good products
Bought as a gift
My children have used this alot.  This is the second one I bought for my daughter when she was out of state at school.
works great good entry to wood burning hobby
works perfect
"After a few uses tool made a sound and BOOM tool spoiled. I asked for a replacement from Amazon, got a new one, but that broke too, EVEN FASTER than the previous one. Extremely disappointed. Note that I followed all the instructions but it just didn't work. Worst purchase ever. DO NOT BUY IT."
Quality tool. Works well.
Good product for less than what you buy the same exact thing at a retail store for. Gets the job done and easy to use. Has several uses including hot knife and a wood burner.
made so many fun projects with this! this was my first one. and Im hooked!!! so much fun and easy to use!
Works better than expected. Comes with a ton of extra attachments for different projects. I've owned a few wood burners... This one is on the top of my list now.
"One of the best burners I had that didn't cost me an arm and a leg. Plus, it is temp setting from Low to High"
i really wanted to do fine art and didn't know if this tool would work based on reviews. but it would be my first time with wood burning so i didn't want to spend a lot of money. this tool turned out to be perfect! i followed directions such as letting the tips cool completely before changing them. i mostly used one tip for the whole thing anyway. yes the cord is short so sit near an outlet or use an extension cord. yes the dial easily rubs against clothing changing the temp. i just duct taped the dial to the medium high setting when working on alderwood. its the wood that determines the temp. the handle did not get too warm to hold. when looking at videos of wood artists using more expensive tools i noticed they use a heat resistant glove. so all tools likely get a little warm. see pics for what you can achieve. love it!
"Works well, but the weight of the thermostat makes it combersome"
Excellent little tool to create awesome gifts.
"Hot as fire below the disk. Make sure you don't pick it up like a pen- lol! Forgot what I was grabbing and burned the #*&$ out of my finger.  (operator error completely)
Otherwise it's great!"
Used this once so far and I was pleased with the results. The only thing I don't like is the package that it stores in. The package is thin and it is a struggle to get everything inside in order to close it. It's like you are racing the wire to close it before it springs back out on you.
We used this to cut foam pumpkins.  It worked great.  It does get hot so be careful.
"It's great as a starter tool. Slightly disappointed that it doesn't hold a consistent temperature for more than a few minutes, but priced reasonably for an amateur such as myself."
"Great item, just don't tighten items in to hard. Broke off in the tip and couldn't use any longer. Had to order a new one."
"Gave as a gift, didn't work, loose wires inside, nothing to attach them with."
"My husband and I love wood burning as a hobby. We've purchased three of these Walnut Hollow burners and have been disappointed with all of them. This one is nice because it has the grip so you don't burn your hand, unlike with the cheaper model. The tip cools down on this so fast though that it's really frustrating when you're working on a big project. We aren't regular burners and are no experts. And this works fine for what we do, it's just not as enjoyable as I know it could be if it maintained temperature better."
"Great for people looking to start woodburning. It's gets pretty hot, so be careful when using. Also, make sure that the wood you are going to use it primed (sanded/stripped) before you start or it will be harder to get a design and it won't show as well."
This works great! We have used it many times and love it.
Great product at a great price
Excelent
"cool tool, nice starter"
"Love this product. Easy to use. Gets hot fast. Excellent customer support from the company. The company has great instructional videos of an actual employee, using the actual product. I was very impressed. Definitely worth it."
"awkward to use resulting in minimal control. I tried two or three different tips to see if that was the problem. It wasn't. The metal piece in front of the grip area is a problem with heat and burning fingers. The control box is so close to the operating/hand area, balance is problematic. If it were further down on the cord it wouldn't pull the hand area so badly. Really glad I didn't spend much to try it out. Maybe a man's hand would have more control."
"I loved the product at first. It heated up well, cooled down well. However, the bits are cheaply made. They get loose while using them and when I was tightening on after getting loose it broke right off. Now I have the end of the bit stuck in the pen and I cannot makey products."
"heats up quickly, works well.  screwing tips on is kind of a pain in the butt if you are doing many different things"
great price
Cheap quality but it works
"The tip metal, burner piece broke and is stuck inside the pen, on our first use. Bummer.  I spent more for this nicer version of a woodburner too."
"Carved my first funkin (foam/fake pumpkin) and it was easier than I expected! I am looking forward to building up my pumpkin collection every year. I suggest watching a couple videos on Youtube before diving in, but it really is pretty straightforward to use."
I was unable to open this and try it until recently (past the return date). I just spent an hour trying to screw any of the tips on & something is wrong with the tool & I am unable to get the tips to thread on. I am unsure if Amazon or the company I bought this from are willing to do anything since it has been over 30days since purchasing it. Even with that being the case I would have expected to be able to return a tool with a manufacturer defect. I am extremely disappointed as I was planning on using this tool for some Christmas gifts this year.
I love that the handle doesn't overheat like my last one. It has a good range of tips and heats up fast.
I got this yesterday and used it today to decorate some wooden spoons for a homemade craft. It comes in a plastic case (which has extra dividers so you can customize the tray inside). The case that mine came in did have the end broken (the little end piece that you'd hang it up on something with). Not that big of a deal to me though since I'll store it in a drawer or on a shelf. The tips are very nice. they stayed secure in the wood burning tool while using it. I did use needle nose pliers to take out and insert different tips. It heats up VERY quickly. I've had other wood burning tools (cheap ones) so I guess I wasn't expecting more than I already had experience with. I was pleasantly surprised at how well it worked and the quality of it. Hopefully it last a long time.
Very easy to use.
"excellent quality thank you,"
"So I just got married and my mom made the wedding cake.  I need to macguyver a transport method to hold the cake and move it to the wedding, so I fabricated a nice wooden holder.  I figured I'd make it look nice so I got these to burn our names into the wood.  I think it came out fantastic!

Keep in mind that I have no artistic ability whatsoever, but I was able to do this in about 30 mins or so."
The burner itself isn't bad for a starter tool. The tips however are horrible. They fit loosely and are quite flimsy. I don't know if there is a better option but I would not buy again. I am disappointed.
"Bought this for my grandson, he loves it!!! Ordering a set for myself. Would recommend this"
"I understand that there are better-made hot tools out there, absolutely. However for the beginner, the price and quality for that price is pretty good. I admit, even for woodburning I have to turn it all the way to the top, because it makes it easier to use for what I do ( woodburned calligraphy). I've used the soldering tools, and the flux will melt but you need a soldering component to protect whatever other metal you're putting the flux on. Otherwise the flux just doesn't really attach well. Full disclosure, I'm a beginner at that, too. So was it worth it? I think so."
Wife loves it!
"Worked great
Easy to learn"
Great kit!
Works great. Has a lot of tips for various projects. I like the variable heat. The cord is a little short and the heat adjuster can get in the way at times but it works just fine. Nice product.
"I used this kit for my first word burning project, and I loved it! The variety of tips was great for making different designs, and the wood burner itself heated up quickly and burned the wood well."
Nice product!
"Great temperature control, the 1st one I bought was less expensive and had zero temperature control. I bought this one to do more detailed work."
Worked great for cutting foam pumpkins for my daughter's wedding!
Works good for starters will need to upgrade if you get serious
"Great product for the price! Skip the hobby lobby one, and get this!"
Works really well. Still figuring out the different tips as some seem to not really heat up in the way i expected. Also unit gets very hot if used for longer then an hour at a time
"Great Value, works great!"
Good quality product.
I'm not shure what to think . I had purchased a cheaper similar one each and it stopped working after about three month's it stopped working . So I looked into it and research and it said this one was  the best for its money and after a week it got cross threaded and now I cant use it so I have a few priojects that I need to get n
"This is a great product that arrived on time and was properly packaged. Took me a bit of time to ""master"" it, but I practiced on a piece of used foam-core so there was no great loss. If you live near a Michaels and have a coupon, Michaels may have a better price."
Nice set!
Great wood burning tool
"It turned on for one minute and then stopped working, completely broken. What a complete waste of money."
"This product arrived promptly, and was beyond my expectations considering the price. I love the look and feel of the versa tool! I couldn't wait to get started, I allowed about 5 minutes for it to heat up, and started practicing right away. The tool is easy to use, didn't get overly hot during my project, and was simple to replace the different tips. I found this to be a fun and relaxing project, and will be using it a lot considering more time spent indoors due to winter coming. I think this is an awesome edition for any artist, or crafter and will likely share this with my son as he gets a bit older. I think it's a fun activity for kids, with supervision from an adult, and the possibilities are endless! I'm working on a few ranch signs, and Christmas ornaments already. I'm happy with this tool, and love the versatility, all for a great price too!"
Burner came with threads useless inside burner and main burner tip broken.
"Within one month i've already gone through two of these. The first one, the weight of the temperature dial pulled the unit off of my desk and the tip is so fragile that it broke off with half of the tip still stuck inside also leaving a burn mark on my wood floor. I had it replaced. Now, after 2 uses it just no longer heats up. Overall, this is a very unreliable tool."
"Researched many other tools before deciding on this one as a starter. I have no complaints as to performance. I do have to agree with the other reviews that question the placement of the temperature control. It is pretty awkward. Still, I was able to control it without a problem. I consider this a good value for the money."
didn't work for what I was doing but will work on other projects.
"This is an extremely low quality tool. As a student I am extremely frustrated that I wasted $30 dollars on a tool that hardly works. I've used many wood burners, and this one is the quality of a $10 crappy wood burner"
Fabulous tool! Great amount of settings! Versatile.
"I like the board itself. It's thin and light, but good quality. The circles are NOT what was advertised; they are much darker and don't match the board"
I have used this to stipple several things- works great- heats up quickly and has a good grip
"I was deciding between a few different wood burning tools and ecided on this one and i am so happy i did. The instructions are great, the tips are perfect for different projects and it is nice to have the case."
Great tool so far.  It's easy and fun to use.
"This works fantastically! I was able to successfully design a nice jewelry box for my proposal to my fiance using the multiple features of this tool.  The hot knife cuts fabric really well,  and the different points help to create good detailed designs.  It's user friendly enough that a first time user like me can still use it easily."
This was a great purchase I needed something that was more sophisticated than when I was using I love the fact that it's temperature controlled it works very quickly I just love it
Excellent tool. Works as it should. The heat control is a bit big and the nob is easy to turn hen not intended but putting a piece of scotch tape over to keep on desired temperature seems to do the trick. Nice sturdy box helps keep organized.
Great deal! Good Product! Fast Shipping!
"The wood burning tool with the control for the temperature is well made, and works very well.  I would recommend this for the beginner, as the price is low. I definitely recommend the temperature control versa tool above the one sold without one...I have both, and love the heat control! Walnut Hollow is a wonderful company to buy from!"
excelente
Good price and convenient to order with alphabet lettering kit.
"Just what I wanted. actually has more than I thought and seems to be a very good value..  Right up till the tip snapped off in the middle of a job. I work with plastic so there's no hard pressure..... disappointed.  can get the broken tip out of it, useless now...."
"Worked very well! It heated up quickly and worked as promised. It had a variety of tips that were easy enough to use. I do agree with some of the other comments that it can be awkward to hold, but that is just because I would like to hold it closer to the tip for more control. However, I do not think you can beat this for the price!!"
Been using this thing a long while and still love it.  I will also add that I have abused it and it did not break.  Be careful with those hot tips!
The threading striped by the end of one use despite the removing and placement of tips with extreme care
nice
I use this regularly when burning numbers into wood.
Works great.  Very happy.
"Don't waste your money or time, useless."
Easy to use wood burning kit. Great price & it comes in a case.
It's wonderful!
"Did the job, but soooooo easy to cross thread the tips into the tool. :( I guess the threaded female end set in the tool is brass? Don't ignore the directions to not thread when hot and use graphite lubricant. I was in a hurry to get the project finished and ruined the threads inside the tool.

As for how it performed? Pretty well. Just don't expect a fast recovery, even with the temp aet ting maxed out. Takes a while between burns if you're doing letter stamps to get the next letter up to temp. And like I said, that was while I was going against the instructions and changing them out hot.

I'd buy again, buy make sure you have plenty of time to finish your project. ;)"
"I use this all the time, and actually set up 2-3 with different tips at a time so I don't have to wait for a cool down when I need to change tips. I am a serious hobbist who burns 30-40 pyrographic pieces a year as gifts, for my walls, commissions and to enter into our local Fair - First place, both entries! My only wish is that this got hotter. It can be very difficult to burn anything but soft wood."
Used it 3x and it wouldn't heat up again after that. Disappointed. Can't return as the return window has passed.
"Although I am sure that I followed the instructions pertaining to removing the tip, I can't remove the tip that was already in the tool as packaged. I have tried everything I can think of and the tip just will not budge. Consequently I have an abundance of tips I will never be able to use and the one tip that's already in place is not the one I think would work best for me. I needed this tool for a class next week. What a shame I could not count on it being a good product for me."
I just started to use this tool and absolutely love it!!  It is very user friendly and really like the that I can adjust the temperature.  Next project I am going to try is leather design with it.
I was thinking of buying an expensive wood burning set but for what I need this works fine. It does get super hot and does everything I need.
"unfortunately, the burner didn't last long but I don't blame it on this product specifically. they all seem to consistently have the points break off and it's impossible to get what's stuck inside out, making the tool unusable"
I plugged it in and it burned out immediately and never worked again.
"I LOVED this Walnut Hollow tool! It burns smoothly and is easy to hold. The rubber grip gets a bit warm but never too hot. With so many different tips to chose from, even someone that's just starting out in this new art will be able to create beautiful results. This Versa tool is so versatile! I would highly recommend this for beginners and for professional artists. Looking forward to making beautiful art."
"The second time that I used this, the tip broke off inside the tool.  The metal that they used was not rated for this heat.  Now the tool is useless, since I can not screw anything else in"
Only used this product two times and the threaded part of the iron already stripped out. Tried to get a replacement but im about 13 days to late. So now i guess im stuck with this item that no longer functions because the threads are very weak.
thank you
Tool works like it should now I just need to learn more how to use it!
Works good with lots of attachments.  I've used this regularly for a while now for cutting polyester webbing ith no problems and it continues to work as well as the day I bought it.
"I was really excited to get this item, there were a lot of different tips and I loved the temperature adjustment knob. However, on my third time using it, one of the tips broke in half as I was changing it. Half of it is stuck in the barrel and there's no way to get it out so its unusable now."
Was a gift for my grandaughter
thank you
"We have had a lot of pets over the years.  When they passed we buried them in the woods just off of our house.  We just recently reached a dozen and was having a hard time remembering where each pet was buried.  I decided that I wanted to make simple grave markers so that I knew who was where.  I bought a bunch of nice maple stakes and this tool.  I burned the names of all of our pets into the stakes.  Now I know where everyone is located.  I had never used this sort of tool before and  found it very easy to use.  I didn't do anything fancy so I can't speak to how well each of the tips hold up, I only used the big fat tip.  It took a long time to burn into the hard maple.  If I were to purchase it again, I would get one that gets hotter.  But I didn't know better.  So pick the tool that is the most appropriate for your project."
"we received it on July 10th and it has quit working 2 months later... the product worked great but only lasting 2 months before it starts turning itself off, this is not acceptable.. would not buy again to only get this much use out of...disappointed would be putting it mildly"
"It works well on soft wood but on harder wood, it takes a really long time to get any sort of marking to show. We used it to make a whiskey barrel emblem (oak) and a wedding welcome sign on pallet wood (misc wood types). It eventually works but it's time consuming, especially on the larger projects where there is a lot of wood to burn."
Works great.
"It's a really good wood burner. All the materials included are really useful. I also love the fact that it has a temperature control, and that the price is really fair for what they offer."
"First time I used this, one of the bits broke off in while I was screwing it out and I had to drill out the remainder. It still works but I have less thread for the remaining bits. It was cheap and now I know why. I guess I got what I paid for."
Bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas. Works great and she had fun with it.
AwESOME
Worked really well the first few times. Then quit working completely. Pretty upsettinf
"I use this exclusively for wood burning so I haven't tried the soldering stuff. The temperature control works, but I find that I don't really use it. I only ever keep it on the highest setting. The tips it comes with are good, although I bought&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SE-WP28-28-Piece-Professional-Wood-Burning-Set/dp/B0024JMIPA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SE WP28 28-Piece Professional Wood Burning Set</a>&nbsp;as well, which is a great add on.
I have a cheaper Walnut Hollow tool, and I only upgraded to this one because of the grip on it. It only gets noticeably hot in your hand if you grip it for a long time while it's on the highest heat. This is definitely worth it and I'd recommend anyone buy this model instead of a cheaper one."
Great!
As stated Love it.
"I am very happy with the wood burner from Walnut Hollow.  So far I have only tried a couple of tips, but they work great. A bonus is that it comes with a plastic carrying case to hold it and the assortment of different tips, though I have yet to put mine into it so I am not sure how it will fit. I like the adjustable temperature control, though I do find that at times it has moved after I adjusted it to the highest temperature, and I don't find out until I realized it was not burning as quickly as it should have.  This is one thing that could be improved, a tighter temperature control mechanism.  I just used a piece of tape to keep it at the high temperature I needed. Overall, this is a great tool and the price on Amazon was the best I found.  Good purchase, happy buyer. I would recommend this brand of wood burner to others."
Better than described...Thank You!!!
these items were bought for my wife and she is very satisfied.
"I got this wood burning tool kit for my husband, he wanted to start doing wood burning. Everything seems to be made a good quality. He has been using it for over a month now and it does work good. In this set you get 11 interchangeable points with a lead free solder, universal, flow, tapered, calligraphy, shading, transfer, hot knife, solder, and 3 hot stamp points. This is great for any beginners that want to do wood burning. It has everything you need to get started, all you have to do is get the wood or whatever you want to wood burn. This is something I would recommend to anyone looking to start doing wood burning, it's fun and you can make lots of really nice things."
Really like.  Just what the doctor ordered.  Works great.
"Works perfectly! I was able to burn a wooden plaque with my last name on it for my wedding and it came out amazingly. Takes time to use so don't be in a rush. This product is only getting 4 stars from me because the edge of the plastic tip closest to the heating element along with the tip of the rubber hand grip get really, really hot after using it. It didn't bother me too much but I could see someone else complaining it's too hot to work with. Other than that excellent product!"
After using it a few times the tips would not screw in properly.
For the price of this with all of the tips was great I used it to melt an Arctic cat sled tank back together around the filler neck and it worked amazingly for the job
Great Household tool to have around
"Works great wore my others out good pricing
Like that I have temp option now"
"Arrived broken. The heating element does not turn on. I would suggest Lenk's woodburner (L101KB) and Temperature Regulator. It costs more, but you get what you pay for."
"I've only used this to burn wood. I used the flat round attachment to burn circles in a 4x4 to make yard yahtzee. The burner works well, the wood looks awesome and everything goes back into the container nicely. My only issues are the rubber black piece, the area in which you hold it, gets very warm making it difficult to hold so I find myself holding it in the maroon plastic area. It doesn't really affect my usage when making circles but I can see how it may affect the steadiness of your hand when you are using the other tools to write or engrave. Also, the little silver holder is flimsy. When I'm dealing with something this hot I'd like a sturdier holder so I don't have to worry about it falling over & the tool engraving my kitchen table.
I am eager to use this tool to make more creative things."
"I am new to the wood burning world, but this tool really helped to make it easy on me. All was where they said it would be. Tips provided was useful. The stand is not very sturdy at all, so you might need to use something to hold the stand down (which really defeats the intended purpose of the stand in the first place). Still a very good buy."
This is a decent set. The only thing that is bothersome for me is using it with that heat dial attached. It was awkward and annoying.
"Great beginners tool, love it."
"Never got it to work, can not figure out what the issue is. I read the instructions and did exactly what it said and the thing never heated up. Contacted the manufacturer and never got a response."
I received perfect condition and fast very good thank
This tool works well. My first one did break after 2 uses but amazon sent me a replacement and we've had no issues. I mainly bought this to burn circles onto wood and it does take quite awhile to do so. After you burn 1 or 2 you have to let it get hot again as it cools down quickly.
good wood burner
"couldn't finish my 6th simple ""for beginner"" design. Screwed in a tip no problem. Could not get it out- required tremendous force to unscrew- and then  of course none of the other tips will screw in now. some tips got very hot and worked well, the fine point tip, didn;t seem to get hot, couldn;t burn pine?"
"works very well & as  beginner, I can do almost anything with it. just practice before you start on your project."
"I bought this for myself, but my boyfriend uses it to make gifts for me.  win-win"
Before I started using it.... It went kaput. Very bad product. I would not advice anybody to buy it. It's sheer waste of money.
Works great.
Exactly what we wanted for a beginner's kit.
Nice solid tip burner with a good assortment of tips. Good working stand for when the unit is hot. My only complaint is the temperature control rheostat is only about a foot away from the unit so it flops around on my arm or on my work. Like whoever designed that obviously never use one of these. A longer cord with the control well toward the plug in end and I'd give this guy an easy 5 stars. The threads for the tips are American size 8/32 so be careful when purchasing tip sets that might have metric threads.
"The wood burner is fine, but the packaging and product information clearly states that it comes with a tool stand, and the picture also depicts a tool stand, but we received a package sans tool stand..."
I love that this has a temperature control! The only complaint I have is that the control is too close to the handle and is lifted in the air while you're working on a piece. I would have preferred that be closer to the plug end so it's not adding awkward weight to the working end.
Averge tool
"It's pretty good, but not so good in the hand, i have problem with holding...between tip and holding spot is really long distance...."
"Works well, but kind of delicate. Be gentle, the tips can break off their stems. Warranty service was excellent, though."
piece broke less than a week after we got it
Great Tool...
It is a good entry level pen for wood burning. I used it on a semi hardwood and had to turn the heat up all the way and go slow. It does the job and comes with many different tips that will help you create a work of art.
"I really like this tool.. I'm still learning, but I'm working on a clock for my sister's birthday, and my previous tool tent get hot enough, so although it still worked, it was a very slow progress. This made it a lot quicker. Can't wait to start not projects with this!"
"A friend had recommended this brand.  After one use, it would not get hot again.  Amazon replaced it, and the second one didn't heat up at all.  I ordered a Dremel instead."
Perfect for beginners
"I went with th e more expensive wood burner on here and I'm regretting it. Used it tonight for the first time and the circle, which is the reason I bought it broke, the stem of the circle is stuck inside so the whole tool is useless. Very disappointed."
It does not has that many ranges
Better than the version I bought at Michael's.  I absolutely love the adjustable heat.  Have used it for everything from leather to hardwood.
Perfect for leather!!!
"I am a hobbyist at best as I have never done pyrography before. So I opted for this unit as it seemed to offer some pretty cool features without a huge price tag just try this hobby out. I have played around at best so far with this and find it pretty neat. I am envious of some of the other reviews photos of finished projects that came out pretty nicely. It takes a bit to get used of the tips and what they can do. Some seem to heat up more consistently and burn into the wood easily, some of the tips feel like they do not get as hot and takes a little time before they burn, but not being an expert here , that may be there intended use. This is a perfect beginner set for me, and I like the fact I can switch out tips. It also comes with a few stamps which are neat too."
Not so great quality but it is doing the job for now. My first tip for stencils bent and did not work on even thin plastic so I am using the knife.
"I bought this to do a little hobby woodworking around the house. It has exceeded my expectations and without being too picky it has done everything I could ask for.

We have a little worm farm at the house and wanted to make a proper ranch style branding for our worm farm. My girlfriend who admittedly is more artistic than me was able to free-hand the perfect logo she had in mind. She has also made some pretty elaborate flowers free hand as well. For lettering she would print out the font she wants and burn an outline through the paper then come back and fill in-between the lines.

So far we have worked with cedar, oak and pine all with great success."
Good set. Made a great Xmas gift.
"Ended up buying a better quality burner.  I'ts okay for very VERY basic burning.  Also, my hand became fatigued after using it for a short amount of time."
nice to have around. it work great.
"Super fun! Takes some getting used to and not all of the tips seem to work very well, but we're having a lot of fun with it. We'd never done any wood burning before and we don't do it often, so this is perfect for just experimenting and the occasional project."
More heat needed but still nice
"I love this little tool. It's easy to handle, it heats up quickly, and just generally easy to use. I use it every chance I get. All of my friends and family are probably getting tired of getting pyrography for presents but that won't stop me!"
inexpensive way to brand all my woodworking projects.  Thank you.
This is AWESOME!
"Nice wood burner for a good price. Comes with a case and a few different tips to use. I'm just a beginner and bought this to test out and practice. It's a good product for the money. Although the handle part does get a little warm and it seems that the grip it a little farther away from the tip than what would be optimal for me. I would like to be able to hold it closer to the tip to have more control. Overall, great product. Very happy."
"This set is awesome, but not the best. I've been burning wood coasters, and still use an oven mitt on my burning hand since the burner gets so hot through the handle. Might just be the way I hold it, but it still produces results. Make sure to get graphite lubricant to help with tip removal."
Very cool product and works just as described. I use it often in my wood working!
Works great
didn't finish second week and the tips not fitting anymore. :(
"Works well, the stand isn't the sturdiest and the case doesn't fit the tool easily."
The day after the return policy runs out (30 days) the tool breaks. Used about 4 times for less than an hour each time. Garbage product.
Thanks
"great tool, much better than the previously leading brand I would use for 6 months before everything loosened up and the point wiggled while doing fine detail work. This is solid and I like the ability to adjust the heat."
"I am very happy with the Versa Tool.  I have not had any problems with the tips stripping like some have complained about.  I am not sure what they are doing to make them strip but if you wait until the burner has completely cooled I don't see why you would have a problem.  Maybe they tightened the tip to much?  As for the complaint about waiting for ever to warm up when you are using it, I haven't had a real problem.  Under heavy use I have to pause a moment to let the burner gain some heat back but I have not had to wait long at all. I think this is a great tool for beginners.  If you have been doing pyrography for a long time or you are a professional and sell you work maybe you would want to invest in a high tech burner.  Other wise this little burner is great for beginners and intermediates.  The price is right!  I am very glad I purchased the Versa Tool. Oh and one more complaint some one had that I would like to address.  Some complained about the unit getting to hot to hold with out gloves.  I don't have that problem with mine at all!  The rubber grip protects my fingers well!  If you buy one of these tools with out the rubber grip I could see a bit of a problem but otherwise I don't know why they are having an issue.  Unless they are not holding the burner properly?  Just to mention I am not one of those people who were given a free product in exchange for a positive review!  I did research on the burners my self and bought this with my own monies! And this is my own true opinion!"
OHHHH I am just too too too creative with this fabuuuuuuu tool. There's nothing I can't do...nothing I tell you....I'd take over the world if I wasn't so busy using it....ohhh look...another craft
"I have discovered wood burning and LOVEEE it. This thing has given me the best hobby ever, i can spend hours just burning designs and quotes into woods and its way easier then i thought. this tool is awesome and super cheap compared to ones you find in micheals or hobby lobby plus it comes with a case, tips and the heat is adjustable! Highly recommend this product!"
Wonderful! Easy to control and is very enjoyable for new wood burning enthusiasts!
"This is a wonderful beginner wood burning pen. I have done several detailed (albeit with rudimentary drawing skills) pieces with just this burner.
That said, one thing to remember about these interchangable tips: DO NOT CHANGE THEM WHILE HOT. The metal tips and inner threads are much softer while hot. The tips will break, the threads will strip, etc. Just wait. This is not a ""race to the finish"" type of hobby.
One thing I'm not happy with is how close they put the temp adjustment to the pen. The weight of it drags my hand back. It is quite awkward to negotiate a comfortable position with that dial just hanging right behind my pen.
I did purchase this at a local hobby shop with a deep coupon. However, even at $20 plush shipping, I would still consider this a good purchase."
Had to return the first one I bought because the threads that hold the tips on stripped out.  So far the replacement one is working well.
Pretty good.
"Works great, however after just one use, the tip was trash. If I had several of the same tips I would use it over and over again! But the tips just do not last very long."
This iron is perfect for any woodburning project.  I't accurate heat control allows me to select the type of burn for different mediums
"Works very well, I moved the temp control to the other end of the cord for easier use."
"Gave this to my artistic 13 year old granddaughter.  She loves it.  She did manage to touch the heating element, but likes to use it and is a lot more careful, now."
I like it. It is as advdrtized
Threads on tool and tip warped on my second use.  Now the tips won't screw in correctly.  I didn't spend a ton of money on this but am still very disappointed.
"I bought this pen  for my wife for wood burning. Its a lot of fun and the smell of burning wood is so nice. Everything works as described. I now find myself using the pen more than she does on a regular basis. I love finding new projects to use this pen on. There are some neat tips and attachments that are sold separately so the  possibilities are endless. They have some alphabet tips so you can do some word branding, this accessory comes in handy if you're bad a free hand like I am. You can also get some really neat transfer sheets too so you can transfer image to wood, then trace with the wood burner. This is a lot of fun and super easy too! Item came quickly through amazon prime. I had no issues with the item or the seller. I would recommend this to a friend."
perfect
"I purchased this for use as a hot knife to cut polyester fabric (sealing the edges of the fabric prevents fraying).  After figuring out which tip to use, the results were fantastic!  Use the Tapered Point tip.  (DO NOT use the Hot Knife point.)  Put the fabric on a glass surface or ceramic cutting board.  Use a metal yardstick or straight-edge as a guide.  Then slowly pull the heated tool along the fabric as if it were a pencil.  The heat of the tool performs the cutting action, while sealing the edges at the same time.  Note that the temperature might have to be higher than the package instructs.  The Creative Versa-Tool is a very economic alternative to the expensive fabric hot knives on the market."
If you want to learn how to wood burn this is a great set. The multi temperature control is necessary for some things such as transferring outlines from laser print images.
"GARBAGE! Bits do not fit correctly, Heat does not regulate properly.  Cannot use because a bit melted into the attachment end, on medium heat."
Not bad. It did what I needed it to do. Be careful not to cross thread the tips
I bought this and got it April 22 have not had it that long at all... It stopped working... I love it..the heat was awesome for all types of wood. Seriously just stopped working..no heat whatsoever. Upset because I loved it so...more disappointed because it's in the trash.
well worth the price
I like it because it does not burn your fingertips  and you can control the heat
very nice tools to have
"Absolutely love this versatool. I just started woodburning. The adjustable heat gives me better control. I haven't tried shading work too much but I'm really happy with this for just regular old burning work. Not crazy about the brass shaped tips, however. The regular tips are great."
"This is a great value for the money. It is well built and comes in a sturdy plastic case. Yes, I do recommend it."
Well worth the money does not take long to warm up
"case is a bit cheep, other than that the tool works great"
Nice so many features
Ensemble de base &agrave; bon prix
Not enough power to do detail wood carving..may do well for other material
A fun starter kit for learning to burn wood.
Thank you seller! I received it two days earlier!!Very good tool!!
Works Great.
"GREAT purchase and at a much better price than local stores. Have branded, marked, burned and soldered with this. A great all-around tool for a lot of different purposes. Hope it holds up for a long long time."
Love my Versa-Tool.  Bought this as a replacement for same product.  I use this almost everyday.
I just open it to use and the wand where you screw in the tips is stripped I can't screw in any of the tips
Very handy tool. I will try to update this with an in-depth review once I get to try it out further.
The one I received does not work. It never got hot.
"This kit has all of the basics of a nice starter kit for pyrography (woodburning). First time it heated up fine, and had a fairly consistent heat throughout 15-20 minutes of use. The next time it would not even get warm on the medium setting. I maxed it out, then after another 15 minutes of the warm up period (instructions say 4-5 minutes to warm up) it was finally burning. Another 3 minutes of use and it was emitting so much heat it was slightly melting the rubberized grip on the handle. Immediately turned it off. Returned it the next day. Maybe I received a lemon."
"I've so far used this not for his intended purpose... I made boxes out of plastic folders on a silhouette cameo, and used this to stick the tabs together. It took a little fiddling on some scraps to find the right setting, but it seems to be holding up pretty well. I'm sure it would work well for its intended purpose too, I just haven't had the time to use it in that capacity yet."
Works wonderfully. Pops out of travel bag fast. Super easy to install. Would recommend. (I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review)
Works like it should.  Haven't had any issues since purchase.
"This thing is great for beginners. I have only used it for leather but that being said i have not had any issues, it comes with all kinds of tips and gives you the ability to practice with them all to get comfortable with how it works. there is a ton of options on the heat settings so the color will vary accordingly. My only complaint is the actual thermostat sits really close to the pen so i find it moving around a lot while I'm drawing. Overall i am pleased with the outcome and I'm still learning."
Love it
"Great starter burner. Im just learning and generally not a very artistic guy but I really enjoy using this thing. I let my girlfriend try it (she paints) and her first attempt just made all of mine look like crap. She loves it, I love it. Ive been using it a little over a year now and haven't had any problems whatsoever."
Works well on plastic and wood.
Gets super hot! Did what I needed.
I had high expectations for this and although it came in promptly I have a little bit of difficulty using it.  The pen does not glide smoothly as if you are writing.  In fact its almost bumpy and hard to hold as your going across the wood.  For the money though I am satisfied enough.
"Great product, works well.  My only complaint is that the temperature control knob is close to the instrument end which makes it a little hard to manipulate at times.  The control knob should be lower, closer to the plug end."
"This was the perfect beginner set. I had never burned wood before, but now I am addicted. I like the variety of tips and have created many things. It was priced well and came in a nice little case"
Got one of these on sale at Micheals craft store two years ago. I use it for art on skateboards and other wood things. The handle stays cool even with prolonged use. I have worn my tip out pretty bad and will have to get a new one soon. I lost all my other tips before trying them while moving.
been about 30 yrs since i used any of this stuff very pleased and still playing thank you
"I bought my first creative versa tool in January 2016. I had never tried wood burning/pyrography before, so I was excited to learn. I figured for $20, if I ended up hating it, I wasn't out much money. Since the day it arrived, it has gotten a LOT of use. I discovered that I actually love wood burning and even started selling some of my creations. Which leads me to yesterday- I had gotten an order for a custom piece, and when I was almost finished with it, my tip broke off inside the tool. I remember reading reviews of this happening, so I guess I wasn't too surprised. Since the order i'm working on is time sensitive, I grabbed my phone and jumped on Amazon to order another one. (Thank goodness for Prime!) Anyways, I had only had this tool for a few months, but in that time, it had gotten hours and hours of use. I'm giving this 4 stars because it really is a great tool and the price is amazing. I just wish it had lasted longer. If the same thing happens again to the next one I ordered, It will be time for me to invest in a more professional wood burning tool that lasts. I can't complain though, as this little tool really is a great value for the money if you just want to casually enjoy a little pyrography as a side hobby. Great tool for beginners to learn with!"
Used this on a project of building my own settlers of catan board. Burned the pieces of #'s with this tool. Super legit. A+++
Happily learning a new hobby.
"Works great, this was my first attempt at wood burning and this is a great entry level tool and possibly the only tool of this nature you will need unless you get into ""serious"" wood burning.  A couple of dislikes.... the female threaded insert in the main body of the burner is a bit delicate, I had to tap it out after a couple of sessions due to the threads getting mashed (I probably was using too much pressure while using it).  Also the tips are OK, but I found the need to modify a couple of them, this was easy to do as the metal works easily with files and sand paper.  Also the temperature control tends to get in the way when you are contorted in different positions while burning, not sure what the fix might be on that one, probably to have it further down on the cord towards the plug in?"
So far it's perfect! I haven't used everything yet but I'm getting there! I haven't had any trouble with the tip not heating. The handle gets warm but I hold it a bit further back & it's fine. I opened the package & made a big tree with no issues. For a beginner & crafting I think it's perfect. More than this would be a waste.
well worth the price
nice tool...wish i used it more!
This makes wood burning for a first timer easy. It comes well packaged clear instructions and a nice product for the price! The plastic container they provide is sturdy to store it in after you use it and they provide diveders for your pieces and extra pieces you may buy that I did lol. I love it has heat settings for different woods. It is very sturdy arrived fast!
still working great!
"Works good. Seems to get a bit warm on the grip area if turned high. Not sure if thats normal or not. Dont like it, but that maybe something they all do.
Cord could be a bit longer unless you attach to a extension cord (may not be safe, idk).
The only thing is that the temp gauge box moves around every time you move the instrument. It seem a bit too close to the action. Always having to mess with it. Annoying sometimes, but works good so far."
Great product. I love the versatility of the temp.
Temp control unit to close to tool.
Daughter wanted to Learn wood burning. This kit gave everything needed to get started. Good value.
"I upgraded to this tool from my Wall Lenk tool mainly because of the heat dial function. I also chose to get this tool because it comes with a transfer tip, which is surprisingly hard to find outside of a set. I love this tool and the heat dial adds a lot of variety to my work, the only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the cord is incredibly short. I work on a table under two feet away from the outlet and the cable barely reaches the table, this isn't too bad though as I can always just get an extension cord. The dial also does get in the way a little bit as I work, it will sometimes rub against the table without me realizing and suddenly I will have no heat because the table turned the dial down! These are minor issues though and overall I enjoy the product and it gets the job done!"
The temp. adjustment is heavy and pulls on the knife (sometimes sending it off the table)
"This is a good pen to start out woodburning with. I'm glad I purchased it; it was affordable and helped me to get started with a new hobby!
That being said, this pen has a pretty poor overall design. It does not stay on stand, the temp control dial moves all around and is in a strange place, a status light would be nice, the shaft is very close to all tips so you have to hold the pen at an uncomfortable angle, and it has a short cord. I have to use a tone of TAPE when I burn with this.... I tape the stand down, tape the cord so that the pen stays on the stand... and tape the temp dial so that it stays in place!"
Works great there are so many things you can do ! Great multiuse tool
"The tip got all burnt from it being on for a while...a little disappointing. I used it to make a present for my dad, and it worked alright. I wish I knew how to use it better though."
"my son has found this a good way of keeping boredom away while immobile after surgery, he says he has found a new hobby."
"I'm not giving this wood burning tool 5 stars because it is the best wood burner on the market. However, at this price point it is easily the best option you are going to have. The temperature control works like a charm and there are plenty of settings between off and full power. I use this for some wood burning art as well as stippling handgun grips. I would not recommend using a burner for stippling unless it has the temperature control on it. Also, when you change out the tips it is a good idea to let it cool a bit so you do not strip the threads on the tip or the burner. I was in a hurry and changed a tip at full power with excessive force and managed to strip a tip. I bought another one though!"
Day #1 and a tip snapped off inside the tool and i now cannot screw in any other tips :(
died the day I got it........
Very versatile.  Lots of options.
Seems well built
Had to recharge frequently.  Good price.
I love it but don't think it gets as hot as it should sometimes. It makes smooth lines then will just stop as it looks like It has cooled down. I like for the most part though. I do think that the dial for heating should be a lot further down on the cord.
Very pleased with this purchase.
Verte versatil. Good price
"I like that this tool has a temp gauge but, like the other reviewers said, it does strip the threads pretty easily and I was being careful. It is a little awkward to hold and work with but for a beginner is really not a bad tool."
Love it.  I use it all the time.
Excellent I am glad I spent a few dollars more. As a novice this along with a couple YouTube tutorials allowed me to appear professional in my results. I expect to enjoy this for years to come.
Great little tool. I use it for encaustic art and the temperature dial makes it perfect for that purpose. The variety of attachments is useful.
The temperature control knob moves so I constantly have to check what temperature it is. Some of the tips have softened while hot and distorted in shape. Also the reheating time between lines just keeps getting worse and worse. I was trying to do a simple vine pattern around a wooden picture frame and I eventually have up. I spent over an hour just trying to get the line for the vine burned in. I made it about half way before I gave up. I think this tool would be better for any project other than wood.
"Bought it, used it once, cannot get tips in unit. Threads appear to be burned out"
"This tool is a piece of junk. After 5 minutes it wasn't hot enough to burn the wood. I waited another 5 minutes and it seemed to be hot enough. After about 10 minutes of use, the tip broke off and the screw is not stuck in the end. It won't come out. This is getting returned."
Great beginner's set. I'm a professional woodburner and use this for a back up to my expensive high powered unit.
"I really like this tool and I'm glad it was here for such a great price when I bought mine. :) I was going to go for a cheaper model, but the more I read, the more I liked this one, and I'm glad I went with it. It heats up pretty fast, but has a rubberized grip that keeps your hands from getting hot while you work with it. It's also not as big as some woodburning tools I've seen, which makes it comfortable to hold. Plus it came with a lot of tips that will be great for tons of projects. I'm new to wood burning, but I think this tool will be perfect for a variety of projects as my skills develop."
"Does work so great, the handle get to hot."
Great product
"I love this tool! It is a fairly good quality considering the price however although I love having the ability to change the temperature, I think the temperature dial should be relocated to prevent accidentally change temp. It has a stand to prevent burns and I love the case to keep everything organized."
Works as advertised.
"I don't like this product. After using one of the tips twice, it broke off inside the holder and I cannot get it out which means
that it can no longer be used."
use for wood burning crafts. 4 stars only cuz the heat will actually bend the tip if i'm not careful.
"This wood burner works as described. At first I was afraid it wouldn't heat up enough to make quality burns, as other reviewers commented, but perhaps they received a faulty product. The wood burner I received heats up to a very high temperature, making the burns I need to make super easy. I haven't used the burner for long enough to comment on the handle becoming too hot to use, but if I run into that problem, I don't see why  some electrical tape, or a similar product, couldn't be applied to the handle to insulate better from the heat. Seems like an easy fix to me for a quality wood burner at this price."
Exactly what I expected! Quality is amazing. Wood burned all of my Christmas presents this year and not a single tip bent or got deformed.
It would be a great tool if it worked.  Plugged it in for the first time since purchase and it refused to heat up... Wasted my money.
Worked fantastic for about an hour total. Then the threads inside stripped out or melted or something as I could no longer screw in a new bit no matter what I did. This unit never got to hot to handle but the threads were made of crap.
"Works great, comes in really nice packaging. We have made some great wood burned signs with this"
Exactly what I was looking for. The temperature control works great for all the diffrent variety of projects. Great quality
"I still do not understand the cost gap between this and the ""high end"" wood burners. Just buy this one!"
Just what I needed
"I purchased this unit to make roughly 80 wood burned plaques for a 4H contest. About halfway through my tool made a loud popping sound and won't work anymore. I'm pretty angry about it, but at least it's cheap. Guess you get what you pay for. Now I just hope I can finish my awards....

The tips also tend to get so hot they sort of ""melt"" and bend from use.

Side note, I never set this to the max temperature."
"Loved the tool and bought the letters you can screw on and off. I used this ""a lot"" free hand and with the letters. After about the 10th use it no longer heats for me. Only giving it more than 1 star because it was useful but very unhappy. I ended us using a blow torch to heat my letters n finish my projects."
Not for your serious burner but a great starter unit. I have a heavy hand so my tips bent when heated. The adjustable heat didn't make much use to me I had it on high all the time.
I have only used this a couple of times and it has worked great! It's not expensive but it still works great. The saying that you get what you pay for is not always true because this is cheap but still works really wonderfully!
"This is my first wood burner, I'm still pretty much new at this but someone recommended this tool and it did not miss.
I love that you can work on so many different surfaces, the tool heats up nicely, unlike other commenters, I did not have an issue with the temperature switch.

I haven't been able to give it that much use yet but tested it right away, played with it for a while and I have to say I'm satisfied.
Great tool for a great price, and it's also great for beginners!"
Just what i needed
"The kit has more tips and whatever than most people will need. I used only the universal point. My project was a set of 20 wood blocks for my grandson's first birthday. It was the first serious wood burning undertaking since I was a teen, more than a half-century ago. Most of the time, I used the tool at maximum temperature. Toward the end of the project, I tried a few images using a slightly lower temperature. The tool performed very well. Only one issue: the tip occasionally worked loose. I tightened it using a pliers and was too aggressive. The tip twisted off and broke. I had to buy a new kit, because the tool (with or without the temperature control) comes only in a kit form. With gentle tightening, the tip holds up well. Tip tightening instructions would have been helpful... Project finished! And it looks beautiful."
Works good
Worked great!! would recommend to anyone doing woodburning projects
"I think this product is a good price for what you get. There a a few things that really bug me about this product though.
1) the heat setting is at a really inconvenient place on the chord. It get in the way of holding the tool in a comfortable way to work with it
2) the heat setting is too loose. If you need a low temperature you need to tape the knob down so it doesn't accidentally move to a higher heat. The location of the heat setting box is in a place where it interferes with elbows and arms while you are using the tool, so it rubs against things too easily. I just tape mine down to the temperature I want to avoid any burning through of sensitive materials.
3) the package/carrying case it came in is practically useless. It takes 5 minutes to put it back in the plastic carrying case it came in.  The chord is too bulky to easily put it back. In fact it's so annoying that I have finally put it into a different carrying case.
4) and this is just me. I was hoping for a better tip variety. But that is just a personal preference, I have a specific type of sledding I like to do and there isn't a perfect tip for it in this kit."
Works great as a soldering iron or as a wood engraver. I love it.
"Very nice quality tool, I have the stamp kits too, very good kit for beginners"
"I love this tool!
It's great for beginners and I love that it has the different tips and temp control.
The only reason I'm not giving it five starts is because the protective gripper still gets really hot. Other than that, I would highly recommend."
Tip broke off inside the barrel after 1 hour of use.
Good product!
I have used sever times and it works great. It better than I thought it would be for me. I don't do a lot pyography work but when I do this little burner works great.
"I purchased this tool to learn about and get into wood burning. I was in the middle of my second small project and was just finessing smoother lines as well as really starting to enjoy my new hobby when it gave up on me. Like quite a few people have written in their reviews (which I should have read in more detail), the top of the tool where you screw in the tips stripped out and I can no longer attach any of the tips to the tool. This makes it completely useless to me. I will be contacting the company as well and request a refund. I am very very disappointed!!"
Worked perfectly.  Like the dial temp feature
"I loved this pen, it was working great for my growth chart business. While I was working on the 3rd growth chart I've ever used it on, the tip broke off. There is metal stuck inside the pen and I cannot put a new tip on. So, now I have to let my customers know that I cannot complete their orders for another few weeks, we are stationed overseas and shipping can take anywhere between 1 week and 3 months. Thoroughly upset."
"Love it, been using it a month now with no issues...."
"The narrow tip MELTED the first time I used it.  I had the tool on just over medium and was using it on polyester.  After just a few minutes, I noticed it wasn't marking where I was expecting.  The culprit was that it melted into a ""J"" shape.  I contacted Walnut Hollow to report what I thought was a fluke and to request a new tip...never mind the damage it did to my project and the surface upon which I was working...Their response?  ""These things happen occasionally"".  They then went on with a canned paragraph about using graphite to remove the tip and other answers to questions I had not asked.

What kind of customer service is this?  I am an art teacher and was planning on ordering one of these for each student in my class.  I assumed with the name Walnut Hollow, I could ethically ask students to commit precious resources for a tool that would last a while, or at the very least to the end of the semester, but instead I got a dangerous weapon which could have easily burned fingers and didn't last to the end of the demo!

I am so disappointed.  If anyone who reads this has a better answer, I'd certainly appreciate being notified.  I need a reliable, accurate and safe tool for my students."
"I was new to pyography when I purchased this pen. I would personally recommend this set to anyone interested in the art. In no time at all I had made a few pieces worthy of display. My only caution is to be careful when adjusting the temperature, as having it on the highest setting can cause the tips to bend and warp when applying pressure to the wood. Otherwise, it's a great product."
Really dosent burn anything well.
As advertised.
"First off this is my first woodburning tool and I have to say I love it so far.  Though keep in mind that I have had no prior experience with wood burning and just thought it might be fun to try and learn etc.  I figured it could add some different elements to my hobby.

With that said my opinion is coming from someone who had no experience with wood burning but had an interest in it.

Here is my opinion of the tool and why I gave it five stars.

Good:
1. It is inexpensive
2. It has adjustable temperatures
3. It had interchangeable tips
4. It works

Bad:
1. I am not a big fan of the stand, recommend that you tape it down when you work
2. It feels like the temperature control is to close to the tool itself (does not make the tool unuable or anything; i just believe it should be a little further.
3. I wish it was a little thinner just for better control
4. I wish the tip and the base were a little further apart

Bottom line though for the price i have already found it to be worth every penny.  I have attached a picture of my first wood burning.  Its not great or perfect but hey for the first time ever I think I did alright.  So hopefully that will inspire some of you to look into wood burning; I have never used one before and to top it off I am not very artistic when it comes to drawing.

That said if your interested in wood burning and are a beginner I would recommend it.  For the price it cannot be beat in my opinion (though I have nothing else to compare it to).

I have not used this for soldering or anything other than wood burning.  I will say this though if your interested in wood burning I would make sure you get one with an adjustable temperature, and I say that because different woods burn differently.  I have used it on fir, pine, maple, and oak all at the same temperatures just to test it out on different woods.  For example on fir it will burn it a dark black and cut into the wood pretty fast.  I think the temp control just adds more control to the user which is very useful if your new."
THANKS
"I purchased this Versa tool as a gift for my daughter, several days ago. The part of the tool that the carvers attach to is stripped out so my daughter has only used it a couple of days but can not keep the carving tools in it, very disappointed in this product and will have to replace it with another brand."
Base gets really hot if used for more then 15 minutes at a time.
This is great and perfect for what I needed it for.  Thanks
"The temp gauge is too close to the burning blade. The needle on the temp gauge moves easily and being so close its gets bumped while  I'm burning and the temp goes down.  For me, I would prefer having the gauge about 6-8 inches further away from the burning tool.
lawana"
"Bought as a gift for my woodworking father. Also bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Walnut-Hollow-Hotstamps-Alphabet-Branding-Set/dp/B0019N4VSO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Walnut Hollow Hotstamps Alphabet Branding Set</a>&nbsp;with it. He has loved it thus far!"
I feel bad because it was a gift. Tip broke off and can't be removed. It was only used once. Should have paid attention to the other reviewers.
Bought this product at Hobby Lobby. It last one day (2 uses) before the point piece broke inside the burner. What a waste of money
"This is such a huge step up from the $14 cheap-o version!

I purchased and used a cheaper version, and it died after approximately 5 hours of use.  It seemed like a fine idea to go with that product when I was not convinced that I would utilize this tool frequently.  It was not, and here is why:

1. The low-end version did not have an insulated grip like this product does.  The whole product is designed to have a power cable feed into a heating element that is encased in plastic.  The less insulation there is between your skin and that heating element - the more uncomfortable (and impossible) it is to use.  GET THE INSULATED GRIP!

2. Tip options are important.  If you buy the low-end version you get an additional 2 or 3 tip options and your imagination stops pretty much right there.  Spend a few dollars more for this product and you will quickly realize that this is a Versa tool - not just a ""wood burning"" tool.  The tips, combined with the adjustable temperature, open up a world of possibilities beyond wood!

3. Adjustable Temperature is essential - even if you are only working with wood.

I would have given this product 5 stars but there is one slight design element that I would like to see changed.  The distance between the temperature control and the handle is not well thought out.  The location does not make it impossible to use, but there could be some adjustments to improve the user experience."
Excellent product
"This is exactly what I was looking for to help with my projects. I love the fact that I can control the temperature. At this moment I am using it to burn the edges of my paracord and it works great so far, after playing around with the temp settings. After seeing other people saying this is what they use instead of a lighter I decided to give it a try and so far so good. Next we will play around with wood."
Awesome product. I really enjoyed using this. I have not experienced any problems.
"Used this to make some wood-burned signs for our wedding, worked great!"
Actually i used this device just once after that it was stopped and doesn't working at all. i hope  from amazon administration to help me regarding this problem because really i didn't get any benefit from this device just i tested it one time then i turn off  to replace its head part after that when i tried to use it again it is not working.
Great little tool. I use it for carpet repair.
"i was astonished at the quality of this product, everything about it is great i wish at the time i had ordered 2"
great
Perfect as a starter for the kids to have fun
I love love the product...however it took a VERY long time to receive it. Was not happy about that.
"Am taking an art class and learned about wood burning and such there. Who knew one tool could do so many things?!?!  I always thought wood burning was for boy scouts. But THIS set proves the options are unlimited!  Best price too. Got so much more than other single-pen brands, and adjustable heat setting is a real plus!"
Very pleased!
This works amazing. I also bought Walnut Hollow Hotstamps Alphabet Branding Set and together you can do a lot.
"By far the best wood burning iron I've ever used.  I absolutely love the variety of tips along with the temperature control.  The tips are easy to change out (try using pliers to change them if you're doing this while the iron is hot).  The iron also heats up relatively fast, and the distribution of heat seems pretty even and makes a nice pattern on the wood.  My only slight complaint is the fact that the temperature dial is placed close to the iron (It's on the cord), so it considerably weighs down the iron and makes it easy to be pulled down or knocked over by accident.  The distribution of heat seems pretty even and would be good for a variety of crafts."
she loved it
Does not heat continually. I was sent a replacement by Amazon and it seems to be a problem with the manufacturing. I am not pleased with the quality of this product.
This is a great kit. I purchased the letters and numbers also and I do all sorts of projects with them.
Love it. Hours of fun
A very nice tool!! Nice compact storage unit. Easy to use and works very well.
yes
"Considering the breadth of creative projects this tool allows, it's a steal for the price. I purchased it with a birthday gift card and set to work making custom cork trivets to give as Christmas gifts. I cut out designs with my Silhouette Cameo, traced them onto the cork with ink, then went over the inked areas with the burner.

The only improvement I would suggest is some sort of holster so you can put it down securely when it's hot. It comes with a little wire stand, but the weight of the cord easily pulls that over so you have to be very careful. I don't really even feel comfortable leaving the room when it's plugged in just in case the cord slips off the table and pulls it over."
"The product was fine, but I don't like the price, the only reason I got it was because this is the one my son picked out.  It was his present, so he picked it out himself."
"Tool is very fun to use, However I started on my FIRST project which was supposed to be a birthday gift and half way through the tip started bending, eventually the tip snapped off. Then when I went to swap out the tip for a different one to finish my project the part that screws into the tool snapped half way inside so I can't get it out now.  I've only had the tool for about 3 days. I won't be able to complete my gift on time now..will be returning."
Excellent!!
This was a Christmas Gift for my daughter and her family along with some accessories.  They are loving it.  Having fun with it.
In love with this product. Easy to use. Awesome videos on YouTube linked to the product with tutorials and tips. Pretty self explanatory and easy to handle.
I purchased this tool instead of an expensive hot knife for cutting Sunbrella outdoor fabric. It seals the edges and keeps it from fraying while sewing seams.
This is a really good set. It is well made and gets hot FAST. I would recommend this item.
"I've only used it once so far, to decorate a wooden pizza paddle for an Xmas gift. It worked very well for that, once I got the hang of it by practicing on some old scrap wood. I'm looking forward to trying the stamp tips and some of the other included ones. Biggest problem I had was that the temperature dial kept getting in the way and trying to pull the whole thing off the table, which is pretty dangerous considering the heat of this thing. Also, I had a bear of time getting it back in the plastic case for some reason. But over all, it works well and I'll be looking for an excuse to use it again!"
Works great. Very nice kit for the price.
"So far I love it,  heats up quickly. The adjustable temperature makes shading a breeze."
"I  like the ability to adjust the temp. but agree with otheres regarding the design.  The control is too close to the pen, and because it is heavier than the pen, it drags the pen wherever it may go/fall. The transaction was easy and delivered as promised."
fun and easy to use.  The learning curve is short
"I've been using it for about a month, on multiple projects - it has held up wonderfully, despite the low price. Some of the tips work far better than others (the very fine tip takes a long time to heat up and the heat dissipates quickly when you're working, meaning you have to essentially take microbreaks throughout a project), but you're getting a steal when you buy this."
Bit broke off inside the wood burner after a few days...
"I love this tool but after just over a year and a tip  has gotten stuck on this pen, I followed the direction  to the T,  and now the cone tip is permanently stuck. Even when I use pliers to remove it the tip or the to won't move on either direction. A higher  rating if I could get more than a time with it, plus the main company Walnut Hallow send you through  where  you order , which I did on Amazon.com but no way to request a  replacement."
Love it!  But wish I could do some serious soldering with it!
This product was worth the money and a great one to start with. It does get a little uncomfortably hot if left on for to long but not unable.
"Product and instructions were easy to use for a beginner like me.

Came in a durable plastic container."
"I love the Creative Versa Tool. The tool heats up quickly and burns cleanly. Also have the ability to control the temperature level is a great feature that some other similar tools don't have. The grip around the base stays relatively cool to hold, again compared to similar tools. After using it for a long time or on the highest setting it does get a bit too hot to hold. Compared to similarly priced items this one is by far the best. Similar tools on the slightly cheaper end don't have the temperature control feature, which is great for detail and shading. Also the cheaper models don't have the same grip and get hot way faster making you need to work in shorter sessions or need a glove. Also this comes with a plastic case to store the tool and the various points that come with it. This tool is the best one to buy for the price, spend the extra couple bucks the cheaper models don't really compare and the next better models are way more expensive"
"Works great for wood burning, i use the it with the Hotstamps to create signs. The temperature gauge allows you to control the heat for an even burn."
it's a decent product but time consuming to get a project done because it gets so hot and takes lots of practice. good price for the kit.
As advertised
"Works great, worth the extra to get the variable temp.  I was able to make some really nice things for Christmas."
"I loved this tool, while it worked.  But I must have gotten too impatient and in switching out tips I found the inside threads (and the threads of one of my tips) had been crushed.  The tool no longer worked because I couldn't screw anything into it again :(
I was really sad and frustrated by this!  I don't think it should melt or break that easily, but I will blame it on myself as I was changing the points.
I replaced it with the Creative Hobby tool&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Walnut-Hollow-Creative-Hobby-Tool/dp/B00170I1R6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Walnut Hollow Creative Hobby Tool</a>&nbsp;and am just as happy with that one.

Pros of the Versa Tool:
Heat dial - great for controlling temp for different projects.
Good cord length
Mine came in a nice plastic storage box (perfect to keep all the tips organized)
AMAZING little rubber/silicone handle grip to keep your fingers cool :)

Cons:
It is really easy to bump the temperature dial as you're working, changing it to lower or higher temp without knowing.
Whether it was my fault or the product, it is a shame that the tip broke and the threads melted/smushed so easily.

But I would still recommend this item.  I would just be extra careful when switching tips."
Got this to stipple polymer grips. It works really well. Temp gauge is consistent and the added tips are a great bonus. Great tool for the $$
"The Walnut Hollow wood burning kit is actually a great deal for the price. It comes with a variety of different tips for different types of burning (I suggest playing around with the different tips on junk wood before you start anything big--just to get the hang of it and see what works best for your project.) You don't have to just burn wood either with this tool! You can burn ceramics, transfer images, cut rubber, and more. Try avoid using oak wood when you burn-- because it's so soft, it doesn't burn as well as a harder wood does."
daughter loves it
Worked really well at first and then is when I ran in to my problem. The tips that screw in ended up breaking at the screw portion and getting stuck in the machine. Therefore I let Amazon know and they are sending a new one out so that's why j give 3 stars. It's a great tool just need to be careful with use!
nicer
"I love this tool especially with the temp control. I suggest waiting for the tool to cool to change tips, otherwise the threading gets gunked up. I had to get a tap and die set to clean it up. FYI its an SAE 8-32 thread."
Really easy to use and works like a charm. My wife has been burning everything in our home and gives it a personal touch.
It broke after one day of use - would not buy this again. My grandson was very disappointed.
"For the price, it is definitely a great pen and perfect for wood burning beginners like me. There are some cons however that I found that I will avoid when shopping for my next tool after I get some more practice with this one. Here are some pros and cons:

Pros:
1. It definitely gets hot on the high setting.
2. I love the variety of tips included. I haven't used any of the soldering tips yet but am excited to try them out.
3. The mounting piece was very useful to have (but needed to be taped down to the table since it was very lightweight).

Cons:
1. The temperature dial moves easily so the temperature kept changing when the dial rubbed against something. I had to put a piece of tape over the dial to keep it from moving.
2. As I mentioned in the pros section, the tool mount is great to have to avoid burning everything around it when I set it down. However, it is very lightweight so I needed to tape it to the table to keep it from shifting around.
3. After frequent use of one of the more pointy tips, the tip began to bend after awhile. I did however have the temperature on the highest setting. I would recommend against using too much pressure when the highest setting is used.
4. After using the tool for a long period of time in one sitting, the tool was very uncomfortable to use. It would perhaps benefit from a more cushioned padding where the hand is placed.
5. The cord was a bit shorter than I would have liked, especially when trying to keep the cord out of the way when burning.

If you're a beginner, like me, this tool is great. I'm glad I started with this one to save money and learn the wood burning trade before I bought something super fancy and expensive. Now I have a better idea of what to look for next."
A huge bang for the buck here and very versatile.
Purchased this product to make Christmas presents (Cork trivets). I think I got a good 3 done and now the tips no longer screw into the barrel. Waste of money!
Works great so far. It is great for a beginner and works as described. It seems sturdy but the handle does get warm sometimes but never too hot to handle. I'm sure we'll enjoy working with this for quite some time.
Works great!
Tell us how to use them. How fitting way to change your appearance in front of the pen?
"I'm not sure if it's the tool or me, but I've let the burner sit with many different tips in it for 15+ minutes each and the only time it burns is if I hold it there, but then you just get dots, not smooth lines. If you have any suggestions for me please email me! ( amandabrubaker32@yahoo.com ) here's a pictures of the outcomes of my wood burning experience"
"works well, many attachments included"
"This more than lived up to my expectations. First of all, I do not plan on wood burning Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel ceiling any time soon. I plan on using this for gifts and occasional projects for jewelry boxes to compliment inlay designs. I like that I can change the temperature to burn things like leather or just enough to cut nylon. I hadn't even thought of those uses. The case that it came with was more than enough space for the tool, bits, and even some stylus tools that I had for transferring outlines to wood before burning. The tips that came with the tool are more than enough to get started. Like another reviewer stated, you might have to use a pair of pliers to get the tip off initially. I watched a few videos on wood burning techniques before attempting my first test piece. That really helped understand which tip to use for the right purpose and how to work across wood grains. Another reviewer did not like that the temperature controller was so close to the tool and did not like that it tended to weigh their hand down. I thought about that comment and made a strap around my forearm to keep the cord in place just after the controller. It also made it easier to vary the temperature and having Velcro on the strap made it easier to remove when I needed to set the iron down. Of course using this tool to cut the nylon that I needed to make the strap was easy! :)

I cannot comment on how this performs as a soldering iron as I have a separate soldering iron station. Overall I am very happy with this purchase. I was even happier to see that my local hardware store carries Walnut Hollow tips in case I needed something in a hurry. Plus, seeing that this exact same kit without the case was more expensive at my local hardware store made this a huge bargain!"
Don't waste your money - this does not burn into wood!
Good product for messing around with wood making stuff
These were nice but ordered by accident. had to send back. But would recommend anyway.
"Gave to our son for Christmas morning, turned it on and he used it for 5 minutes, turned it off to cool down to change out tips.  Turned back on and will not heat up at all.  Very displeased with 5 minutes of use and that it was his Christmas and we bought all the stuff to go with it so he could spend Christmas ""woodworking"""
"It works well but after using it a while the tip is crooked, and other tips now screw in slightly  crooked. But it was a great price with lots of extras."
Great little gift!
This is awesome tool. Best one I've ever owned.
"The very first time I used this, it broke. First I tried using the straight pointed tip. I was only using it to burn a thin border line around some letters on a cedar board. I had to turn it all the way up to get anything done without taking 10 second breaks to let it warm back up every time I made a mark. Then the tip started bending. I made it work for a while by alternating sides to keep the tip as straight as possible. It was taking an eternity, so I figured maybe the beefier angle tip would hold heat better, reducing my ""reheating"" time between lines. Well the thread on that tip stripped out about halfway down and would not go any further. It felt snug enough to not fall out so I gave it a try and it did work a little better until it got so soft it snapped the threaded screw off. The screw is stuck inside with no hope of retrieval, so I'll just count it as a loss and search for a higher quality tool."
This is such a fun tool!! It does get a little hot on the grip after you use it for a while ( i have also been using it at the highest temp.) I decided I was going to teach myself how to wood burn- it's been fun and this was super easy to use. I've had a blast making Christmas gifts- definitely took some getting used to though.
The directions should be better. You really need to learn about how to do wood burning before trying to use it.
"I have not used a wood burning tool since I was a kid which was a very, very long time ago. My wife decided I should craft some gifts for Christmas presents. Long story short I did a lot of research and settled on this tool and I am happy I made the purchase. As with any other tool there is a learning curve and the tool performed flawlessly. I made three very intricate and detailed designs with the tips that came with the kit. I suspect anyone having problems removing tips probably was overtightening. I just made sure they were inserted finger tight and they were a breeze to remove. I'm happy, wifes happy, and I'm positive the gift recepients will be happy. What more can you ask for?"
Works as expected.  Decent quality.
"No longer works after about three uses, threads appear to be ruined. Very disappointed, was using this to create a christmas gift now I'll have to find another tool, definitely not this brand."
Everything was delivered promptly after a delay due to weather.  The case was missing several of the dividers.  Other than that I am pleased with my purchase.
This tool is pretty cool. It will take some time to get the hang of how to really use this its not as easy as I thought it would be.
Love this wood burner. Works extremely well.
"Have only used the hot knife but works great, love the temp control but could be farther from the iron itself, throws of hand balance."
"I wanted to be able to control the temp and this has a thermostat - but for me, it gets in my way. But it is what was advertised and no problem with quick delivery."
Burns VERY hot and is extremely useful in all kinds of art projects. Definitely a 5 star product at a low price.
"I bought this tool to do modest wood engraving on dry cedar.  This is a low quality Chinese tool that is poorly balanced.  The tool transfers heat to your hand because the ""insulator"" on the handle  is of poor quality. Even with gloves on it transfers too much heat. I do MIG welding and almost had to put my welding gloves on to use this tool.  The tip wobbles, even though it is tight, making precise work impossible. The heat controller is located too close to the tool, making it drape over your wrist while working. It is almost like having a fishing weight dangling on top of your arm. Did anyone try this product during development testing?
This tool also takes a long time to heat up. In contrast my Weller (not made in China) soldering gun heats up quickly, has a light on the end to illuminate work and is well balanced. I ended up using my soldering gun to do most of the work as it performed so much better.
Don't waste your money on this tool."
"I was really excited to get this in the mail yesterday.  I watched a few youtube videos on how to use it properly and then then got started testing the different tips on scrap wood.  I was thrilled when I started getting the hang of it.  Then, as I was changing the tip (with a pliers as instructed) the tip shaft broke off inside the tool.  Now I can't use it at all.  Not sure If I should just reorder, or take a look at a different brand.  Really Bummed!"
Gets veryyyyy hot!
"I am working on a Christmas present and went to use this new device. The letter ""T"" broke right off when I went to use it. I am past the return deadline, because I did not try every letter in the alphabet heated to make sure they do not come unsoldered, before the deadline. I am very annoyed that something that is meant to get hot would get unsoldered or however it is attached. I cannot reattach it myself because it needs to withstand the heat. The whole alphabet on the manufacturer's website costs the same as this product and all I need is the letter ""T."" They don't seem to sell replacement letters."
This tool works very well.  Good quality.
I LOVE this wood burning kit!!i like how many tips it came with &the case! I would totally recommend this to someone who is looking to get into wood burning.
"I got through one project, and a half...because the threads stripped inside the heater. This was a wonderful tool, until this happened. I was careful not to do this but it seemed that it easily gets worn down to more you have to change out the heads and stripping becomes easier and easier to do. Such a waist of money now, don't even bother with it. I also contacted the manufacturer on this so I'll give an update on what they have to say once I hear back from them."
Excellent
not bad... but it could be better... in quality... i use it in wood...
"Very nice product.  I do relief wood sculpture and use this tool to accent certain areas for different effects.  The burner reaches temperature fast and is adjustable so that different degrees of color alteration is possible.  High quality, good price."
"Excellent, but needs a thicker point tip.  Now I have to go back and buy just tips.
But...came with it's own box so things can be organized well.  Came with a stand so I don't have to risk burning down my house or at least my desk, unlike the previous burner I had.  It comes in multiple heats but only the hottest seems to work with my wood (might be a product of the kind of wood it is).  I'm quite pleased with this product."
My Daughter loved this set!!!!!!!!!
"I read all the reviews and decided to purchase it, it seems easy to use...that is after you figure out how to take the initial tip off. After spending a decent amount of time on it...I cannot manage to get the initial tip off so I can use the tool. Just be aware of the defect."
"I'm happy with it.  This was my first wood burning experience, and I really enjoyed it.  I researched and watched enough videos first to know what I was getting and how to use it, and it served its purpose.  I traced a flower onto a wood disk that will be used as a pine needle basket center, and the flower came out beautifully.  I don't know if I will pursue this art a lot, but to achieve what I did without having to go to a formal class was an ego booster.  And the price was just right."
"I was really excited for this kit. After using it only a few time for burning tree ornaments and changing the letter tips out with pliers, one of the burning tips BROKE off in the burner rendering it useless. I had the cheaper Walnut Hollow burner as well using while changing tips, this soon too began to strip the thread. A friend told me to use pliers with non-conducting handles and gloves, use a propane torch to heat up the tips then stamp them. That seems like the best bet as I don't know if I'm going to buy another one of these."
"Lovelovelove this woodburner! This is my first wood burner as I decided it would be fun to make wood-burnt gifts (spoons, cutting boards, etc.) for all my friends for Christmas. I expected it to be much harder than it actually is. This tool made burning a breeze! The interchangeable heads helped out a lot to get different types of burns (including calligraphy words). My only complaint is that the cord isn't very long & the temperature dial is in an awkward location too close to the tool itself. Overall, it's a great beginners tool, though."
"So disappointing! Broke on first use. This was a gift I asked for from my in laws and was so excited to use in a gift I am making for my husband for xmas. After inky a few tip changes, one of the tips got stuck in the pen and wouldn't come out. Worst design ever. So unhappy with this product and the worst part is, I didn't finish the gift I was making. Don't waste your money!"
Thanks!
Great for the project Im working on..I would purchase again!!
not warm enough to burn wood
Pretty handy
I had an old wood burning tool that was worn out after 20+ years of use. This was a huge upgrade and works flawlessly. Having the ability to adjust the temperature for different jobs is nice but the cord is a bit sort and awkward with the dial so it takes a little getting used to. For the price I don't think you'll find a more versatile kit.
Looks great haven't tried it yet
Used twice and it quit working!  Not an expensive tool but not buying that brand again
Extremely easy to utilize
"Versatile tool for any and most all heading projects. The temp controls aren't exactly accurate or consistent with the literature but they do work and maintain their temp fairly well. I'm using this tool and its many tips for plastic and polymer with mainly. It's exceptional at that, I think."
"Easy to use, works great"
This worked great until it quit working after an hour of use and I had to throw it away.
Just wonderful!
"I got this as a starter kit to try out some wood burning. While it was good for testing out the craft, it would get too hot and bend the points that came with it. It's also not hot enough to delicately go across the wood."
Loved it. Great product!
"It works, but as noted in other reviews the tips do not screw in tightly, as the threading is pretty loose.  The first time I used it, I was sorely disappointed because it just did not seem like it could keep up, and required a slow pace.  The second time I used it, it was left plugged in for about half an hour before I started using it, and it worked a lot better.  So yes it does work, just give it time to heat really well."
"This works better than I thought. I use mine to melt foam for Halloween props. I agree with other posts that the temperature gauge could be farther away from the device but it wasn't a deal breaker. For so cheap, I'd totally buy again."
"This is a good bargain, I use it in my paracord projects and it really does make a good finish when I want to hide the end cord."
Had trouble the threaded insert for the different tips after 2 days.
Ok
"I have already started playing with it a bit and am having a bit of fun.  :)  I'm hoping to do a bit of my Christmas with this, as gifts and tags, etc.  The only reason I've given 4 rather than 5 stars is that the black rubber where you're to hold it does get quite warm (not too hot, but definitely noticeable)."
"Gets pretty hot. Its hard to switch from tip to tip.  Easily fixed by using pliers to switch or I am just weak,  one of the too.  On wood that wouldn't burn easily,  I was able to with this tool."
"Good assortment of tips. Works well and burns like a tiny controlled fire. Go slow and follow your lines and it will do just what you want it to do. Temperature control is a must on these things and this one works well. I'd buy it again. simple packaging. Heats up in minutes, not long at all."
Got for my husband for Christmas last year.
This tool is exactly like the one I had that broke.  I like it but I would like a few more features.
"Easy to use, I like the little storage box it comes in. I wish it came with something to clean the tips."
good product simple bought hotstamps alphabet branding set to use with it.
"Worked great!  Love the temperature control and all the tips for creating different images.  My daughter has used this to make coasters, artwork, and even burned a Bible verse into a painting for a gift.  It heats quickly and stays hot for the project duration."
great job
great product
"I've never used a wood burner before, but this one was easy to figure out and learn how to burn wood with."
I decided that I wanted to carve foam craft pumpkins this year because I get sick of carving intricate pumpkins that shrivel up 3 days later and have to be thrown away.  I started off using my regular pumpkin carving knives but found the foam to brittle.  I did a little research and decided to try this since it has a hot knife.  It worked great!  Carved like butter! (almost).  And the great thing is there are multiple other crafty uses for it!
"This is a great product for someone who wants to take a step up from the basic wood burning tool.  The temperature control really does help by allowing you to adjust the temperature for different types of wood and styles of pyrography without the expense of a professional tool.  While in no way as refined as a pro tool, this step up does allow for more control in your work if you are a bit more advanced than a beginner."
Everyone should have one.  It hasn't met a plastic it can't cut or a job it couldn't do.  Fantastic device and quality product!
I'm so excited for this I love it in the 2 weeks I've had it I've been playing with it nightly for like 3 hrs
It's exactly what we needed.
"This burning iron sucks... Bits do not stay in device well at all... Threads were stripped after using just once.
DO NOT BUY THIS CHEAPLY MADE UNIT!!!!!!!"
It's okay.
Seems to work great.  The one thin tip did bend a bit when I heated it to full temperature but it is still usable.  Warning - do not use this wood burner for tattoos.  It hurts like heck. But it does a good job of wood burning.
EXCELLENT!
great little device. I use it to melt my hard waxes from Konig North America. The heat controller allows me to set a low enough temperature for my materials. Plus I thought the optional heat stamps you can purchase were pretty nice.
"The tips break off.  but then again, I just started out and I could be using it incorrectly for all I know.  It's a good product for a beginner.  Cord could be a little longer.  I end up putting duck tape over the heat dial because it has a tendency to adjust if it gets touched.  and when you're busy concentrating on burning the wood, it's not cool when you realize you accidentally knocked the temperature down and the tip is no longer hot."
Did everything I needed it to do! Easy to use. would buy again.
Good product
works good
"So far only used it on one project, but I am excited with the results. Easy to use. I am happy with the temperature control."
"Delivered on time.  I've only used the Universal tip so far.  The instructions are a bit vague as in how to apply the tip to burn into the material, such as wood.  Going to try the other tips but not sure how well this is going to work."
Decent set. The box doesn't fit the burner and ir broke after I did about 15 designs with it. I did enjoy the wood burning and will most likely move up to a better one.
Great product but the cord seems very short; 2-2 1/2 feet. You will probably need an extension cord but other wise I absolutely recommend it
"I really love this item, however, the one drawback is whenever I use it for any length of time the piece gets very hot.  Of course the area you touch does not get too hot, but because the area right next to it does it generates so much heat that you have to stop.,..very frustrating when you are working on a project.  I also wish I knew what other tips are available that fit this unit.  I have not found that many different tips from Walnut Hallow, and do not know what other brands fit this one. In addition, I do not work with wood, I am working on leather with it.  When working on leather it tends to smoke a lot, and I use it indoors so you have to be careful not to set off the fire alarm and I have to take breaks and open the windows or the entire house smells of burning leather.  I wish they made one that does not smoke or an item to go with it that would absorb the smoke.  I am going to try wearing a mask as well because I am sure it is not good to be inhaling the fumes."
Came fast and brand new! Only used a couple of times so far but works great!
Use this to stipple grips of hand guns and knives that have smooth plastic handles.  Works great.  Can't beat the price.  Would buy again.
i cant give it 5 stars i feel that the controll knob is to close to the pen the weight keeps trying to twist the pen in your hand . and the slightest touch or if you drag it on something will change the setting on it .so i just put tape no the control knob an leave it on high all the time . with the right tip an hand speed you can control the dept of the burn an color you prefer . my opion every body burns different . this is a real good burning pen . my first two pictures i burned people wanted to buy.thanks tom'a.
works great
"I love my kit! Works great, and is really fun! I definitely would recommend this item!"
Didn't last long...
"Product has some good features with so many attachments which help any type of job get done but the worst thing about this product is
it does not hold its temperature constant.  Product gets too hot and when you lower the temp it gets too cold so if you have long term jobs which need continuous use it is horrible to use."
"Lots of different tips; rheostat too close to the pen, but it works pretty well. Heats up rather slowly, but for the price is a good deal."
"I bought this to stipple polymer handguns and I can't be happier with my purchase... The adjustable temp lets you use this on many types of material, it also helps when stippling multiple brands of firearms (ex. Different plastic hardness,makeup etc) .... Get it and don't look back"
"it fried itself within 10 minutes, voltage wasent an issue i used converter. only reason i dident return was bits fit my old one"
"This pyro tool is definitely a step above your standard plug-n-burn tool. It still has room for improvement.

I use it for wood burning, as well as metal cutting and repousse finishing. It does fine with both; however, the cord and switch position leave a lot to be desired. The switch is always banging into my arm as I'm working, which is very, which is distracting and kind of a promise to get burned. Also, it pulls on the tool, making me have to work harder to keep the burn where I want it, without prematurely tiring my hand out. Also, because of the weight of the control, the tool never stays where I put. I set it down and it migrates a few inches. Not good. That's my  main gripe about this tool.

Given that, I don't understand why the cord is 8 miles long. It just gets in the way, because the issues with the control.

Otherwise, it takes forever to heat, the first three ""settings"" seem to all be the same temp for wood burning, and it delivers inconsistent results.

The thing is, there's little between this tool and the very expensive dedicated pyro tools. So if you don't have $300 to spend on a full system, this is still your best and most affordable option. If you're interested in investing in a longterm solution, this tool isn't it."
great
"After using 5 times, you can't screw in the attachments anymore"
Exactly what I was looking for. Love the variable heat settings.
Haven't used this yet but price was the best I found and excited to try.
Walnut Hollows Versa Tool is far above others I have tried. It can also solder and has temperature control and an on/off switch.
"This tool is so useful, I use it to make woodburnings , cut out stencils, and solder"
All good
"I wish I could give this higher stars but this was my second time ordering this wood burning kit and the second one had the same issues as the first. The first kit I bought, I had barely gotten through my first project when the inside of the heating gun got stripped. I couldn't screw in any of the bits and assumed it was a fluke or my fault. So I ordered a second to finish my project and wouldn't you know it...the second one did it too. It seems to happen with the longer tips where after use they get stuck and have difficulty removing them and then the actual threads get stripped and can no longer be used. I really loved this product and wanted so badly for the second kit to work!"
Just as expected. Works nicely.
Little slow to heat up.
nice tool and has done every thing I wanted it to do  i like the container it came in and I was actually able to fold it up properly so it fit back in the box (lol)  I would defiently recommend this to any crafter.  it came with directions on what settings to use too  love it
"It is very convenientGood
I am very satisfied for this"
"I bought this pen to make Christmas ornaments as gifts. Have been very pleased at the many uses it can do. No only can you use it for wood burning but it is also a soldering iron. I love the variety of tips the gun offers and was presently surprised when I found out you can transfer ink from paper to wood. (Saved me a ton of time tracing!) Attached picture of ornaments created when I was testing the gun.

The only downside I have noticed is the cord and holder. While it is nice to have variable temperatures, the dial can way the gun down. Have caught it a couple times from falling off the counter. Would suggest looking for a better stand; for instance one they use with a soldering iron."
"While this item heats up & would have been exactly what I expected, I had purchased the SE WP28 28 Piece Wood Burning Set for some extra tiips. I read all the reveiws & everyone said they were compatible. However, now none of the tips will screw in correctly. If i can get them to start at all, they are crooked & loose fitting. I'm not happy with either purchase now."
"I wish the pen fit more comfortably in my hand, as well as had a more stable resting position."
amazing
"I have wood burned quit a bit. this was not my first wood burner, my first one was a beginners one and it did not have temp control. this being my first one with temp control and I love it. its a great wood burner! after using it for about 2 weeks roughly, finally one of my tips broke lol. its all good though, and I am sure it broke do to the pressure i apply on it when burning (I like deep burns for the type of work I do). its easy to just search for replacement tips and its no problem for me. awesome burner and really great for beginners and pros alike! honestly I would recommend this to any one, no matter your skill level! its comfortable to hold and it just works great!"
Just as expected.
Works great
Great product and packaging.
"Love it!  It has multi level heat settings.  It does get really hot on the hot so be careful.  Hot enough that it melted the wire off.  Dial it down a bit and it did a perfect job.  Comes with appropriate amount of tips, solder and directions."
"This is my second woodburning tool, and I'm very happy with it. It's great for beginner-intermediate pyrography. The only reason it doesn't have 5 stars is because you have to watch the dial. It moves to easily, and will turn away from your chosen temp if it gets bumped. Other than that, I love it."
Temp controller needs to located by plug not by pen
"I used this to stipple a mp9 grip. It worked awesome. I watched a few youtube videos, and did a test on the interchangeable back straps. Worked like a dream.

It heated up super fast and stayed nice and hot."
great for the price
Just what I wanted and the best price for what you get. There are some really nice units out there but very expensive too. This will work for me!
"I have to give the Walnut Hallow Versa Burning Tool 4 Stars. Mainly because of the temperature dial moves around freely too much.
  A piece of scotch tape seems to help most of the time to keep it were i want it most of the time. But It even slips to a lower temp or higher temp as I work from time to time. If I don't notice it it can burn my materials i'm working with or cause me to need to go over them more than once. Which some times doesn't look as clean as i would like. I have tried moving my power strip it is plugged into ever which way. But it still slips.
  Now for the Awesomeness when there is not issues with the temp dail and even sometimes when it does slip. O.k. I Freaking Love this Tool!!!!
Totally in L-O-V-E! It has helped me to be more creative and make things I never thought of before I purchased it. I love the GREAT details I can add to my works! I love the temp control [when the dial is nice to me :0) ] I can work on my variety of materials than I would have if i didn't have this feature. All The tip Blades are great and I try to think of many more things I can do with them that i haven't' used yet.
  Totally worth your Money! Unleashing your Creativity. The Quality of everything is great. I Love the clear case that it comes with. The stand it comes with is very nice as well I didn't use it much and use a Ceramic Coffee cup because of the materials and the work i do it is easier to clean the tips better [when they get dirty in the middle of my projects] as well easier for me to pick up and safer that i don't knock the tool and stand over as i work and move around and the projects around.  But I totally see it as a nice feature for some projects that i don't' move around so much with.
I work with Fabrics and ribbons 90% of the time but can't wait to branch out to other materials."
highly recommend
Great wood burner and soldiering iron. Temperature control is a great feature and it controls it well.
I loved this product until  tip broke off in the tool. I only had it for a week. I am extremely disappointed. I am not sure if I should buy another one.
Ik moest er achteraf nog een adapter bijkopen om het in Europa te kunnen gebruiken.
"This tool is very disappointing. The tips are not quality. The fine tip melted as I was using the tool. I let the tool cool and tried to remove it. It seemed impossible! I finally got it to turn and the tip broke halfway down the threading, so it was stuck in the tool. I had to throw it away. Don't waste your money! Buy a higher quality tool!"
Very good product
Great product! Can hardly wait to get time to use it :)
I love it.  You have to work slow and be patient but it's a GREAT tool that works perfect!
Very basic. Like some reviews have stated make sure to tape the heat dial to your table to make life easier as the dial is heavy and tends to get in the way or pull your tool off the table.
"Temp control knob is a little heavy and in-the-way, but other than that it's a decent beginner's tool."
I probably had too high expectations. I was trying to burn cane and it takes a much hotter tip to do that and the tip needs to STAY super hot to burn cane. It was worth a shot.
Good
"Adjustable temperature, and multiple tips makes this a great set!

I have only used it once so far, on a bamboo cutting board, and it turned out great! I wasn't sure how well it would look with me holding the wood burner, but surprisingly I did well. I will give all the credit to the wood burner being great - not me! :)"
Best looking tattoos I have ever done.
Great tool!!! Ha a no problem getting the work done.
"great tool. I had a problem with unscrewing the tip it came with, but a great customer survice replaced my tool in no time and it is great! I love the temperature control.  It gives me apportunity to work with variety of media from fabric to ceramics. Love it!"
"It is a great little tool. It does what it was advertised, but for my project I would have liked to have a more durable heavier tool. I am working on an oak bench which is actually a half of a tree and it just does not stay hot enough to burn this type of wood. It seems to cool off and has a hard time with build up of residual on the tips so it slows down progress. It would be great for smaller projects and softer wood."
"It works well, gets very hot, very quickly, but...  The temperature control dial moves very easily and bumps your arm and project as you're using the iron.  If they had made the cord longer between the iron and/or made the dial ""click"" or lock, it would be far less frustrating to use.  The box it comes in is good but it would be superb, if it was just a bit wider.  Wide enough to accommodate the cord (or the longer/better cord) and wide enough to easily store the stand.  Better still, large enough to add divided spaces to hold the additional burning tools, available from Walnut Hollow."
Works well
"The order arrived almost a month late. Experienced only a few minutes the Wallnut, overheated and very quickly. Turned it off, let it cool and never got the call. A real disappointment. I do not advise buying this unit. A shame!"
"Temperature control doesn't work all the time. Other than that, it works well."
I have purchased two of these in the past month.  The first worked well for about two week until one of the points broke off when I tried to unscrew it and became unusable.  The second one worked for about 15 and then the tips wouldn't screw in or screw out fully.  It is terrible and I'm very disappointed in the money that I wasted on these burners.
GREAT
Great little tool. I use it for leather and it does a great job. Adjustable thermostat works very well. Haven't had them very long so don't know if they'll last.
"About as I expected, works well as advertised."
Wonderful product and wonderful service.
Fun little tool to play around with  Just as described.
LIKE
"I have just started using the Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool and I couldn't be happier with the results. I'm using it to carve out styrofoam details in Halloween directions. It will take a bit of getting used to, but so far the results have been exactly what I hoped for and at a fraction of the cost of devices created especially for styrofoam. It's also surprisingly sturdy for such and inexpensive investment. Best of all, I looked around before buying it here and this was the best price I found for the unit."
This was much better than I expected!
Love the Versa tool.  I just received it and used it to crave some sayings in my son's room d&eacute;cor.  Many options for the adaptor.  Very high quality and not cheap.
"In MY opinion,

Initially I only wanted to use this product for stamping and it works perfectly, but. . . . I also learned a few things along the way. That being said this is a great product for beginners if you do the following:

1 - click ""Buy Now"" - well it won't get to you on its own.  ;)

2 - Practice. Even when working on a major project/final product have a piece of scrap wood, the time it takes between lifting your tool and setting it back on the material is crucial, it heats up pretty quick, initial heat time I want to say about 3-4min. After that it reheats pretty quick(depending how long it's in use). The heat adjustment is nice, allows you to have the ability to do shading.

Sorry I'm going on about technique, but yeah, that's about it. Practice. Oh and research the art, such great respect to pyrographers.

You won't find a better deal, even at my local craft store its priced around $28. Though I think that's because I live in Hawaii and everything here is priced high."
Great kit to learn with. Like Controls.
"Seems OK, have not tried it yet!"
everything I wanted in this tool
works great!
"Item delivered on time, was as described and great price."
"I was so excited when this tool finally arrived...I love wood burning and have been doing it for quite some time now, but have always had the cheap one-temp tools..I thought I would have better luck with shading and adding different tones to my work if I had a wood burner with an adjustable temperature control...turns out it didn't really make much of a difference at all. Unless the tool is set to a pretty high heat, you can't do much burning on wood. I've tried different types of wood, and it just didn't work like how I was expecting. The variety of tips is certainly nice, but I would say the adjustable temp controls didn't make much of a difference."
After the first use it went out of order. It is impossible to attach new points.
trying to burn designs into guord bird houses and can't get the hang of it.  While better than the cheaper models it doesn't seem to get hot enough to burn a smooth line.
"I haven't had a need for a new wood burner for a long time!  Suddenly I found myself in need , ASAP!  I was very fortunate to get this group of tools and am looking forward to a lot of projects ahead!  Thank you Amazon for the nearly instant mailing and the perfect product setup!  It was like the answer to a prayer to get all thes things at once!"
"Bought this to mess around with stippling of my AR15 Magpul mags. Only did 3 mags, and it takes a lot of time and patiences, but I am happy with the results that I got. I have not tried it on firearms or wood."
"This is definitely for your smaller jobs !! Most people purchasing this will probably be using it on smaller jobs. But just in case you are wanting something that will burn large projects SAVE YOUR MONEY ! I thought i would give this a try as i needed a way to burn "" In loving memory of ____"" on a large out door cross on our ranch that we built for my ranch wedding. The cross was cedar 6x4 and is a large cross. The letters we wanted to be on the back and each letter be about 2 1/2 "" tall. I had a feeling this was not the tool to be used but i thought for the price i would give it a go. It will get hot, but the heat is only going to produce wood burning capabilities for about 20 seconds and then we had to wait for it to heat up again. For the project we were doing this was basically pointless. But like i said if you wanted to do smaller jobs such as on a small jewlery box or something it might work fine. But if you are looking for something that will get really hot and stay that way for longer periods of time and make a dark burn color for the whole time you use it this is not the tool for you !!!!! we ended up using a blow torch and a bent nail and got the job done really quickly. So again for my purpose i am giving it only 2 stars. but it might be worth a try for really small projects."
"Decent for the price. As another reviewer noted, the heat dial totally gets in the way when you're trying to use the pen. It makes the pen unwieldy to hold, and also makes it difficult to place on a table without the dial dragging it off. My toes live in constant fear of a piping hot nib flying off the table.

Otherwise, and most importantly, it works. I'm sure other pens get hotter, but I am happy with this as my first wood burning tool! If you want to try out woodburning, but don't want to invest yet, I would still recommend this tool."
works well.
"I'm new to pyrography and it was difficult to get the hang of, but after a few days it became pretty easy to use! great tool for beginners and you can't really beat the price!"
Great
great fast service on sending it out and seem to be a good tool. i injoy wood burning an have used it for other foam plastic.just a good all around tool
Excellent and durable tool that achieves great heat levels and wood burns beautifully
gr8 product
a little tough to get use to but works well.
It got really hot but one of the tip provided broke off in it within an hour of having it and I'm not sure what to do so that's why I gave it 2 stars
super value for crafting
Works good
This woodburning tool has been perfect for my needs. The temperature control makes Pyrography so much easier than the cheap pen I was using before. Included all the basic tips that I need and then some. Well done Walnut Hollow. Five stars from me.
"Seems to work just fine. I suggest practicing with this tool before jumping in to your project. Wood burning is not as easy as you think it might be! (Especially since you lose your fine motor control having to hold the grip so far away from the tip.) I love the temperature adjustment feature, it makes an already great tool extremely versatile!"
Didn't burn hot enough. Barely showed anything even on paper.
I tried this product shortly after receiving it. Worked great to help me make a one-of-a-kind wooden hand fan for mom as a Mother's Day gift. One of the stamps is a heart. Nice touch for my gift to mom. Would I buy it again or give it as a gift? Yes
Works great A+
I use it to cut holes in tote's that I use for kitty litters. it get real hot and need to wipe the plastic off with a damp rag so it does not cake up the blade.
Very nice set. Love the adjustable soldering iron. Really helps the tip from over heating when sitting idle.
This worked well but it took a long time (several minutes) to heat to even a low temp and was cumbersome to hold. I would not purchase again.
The cord should be longer and the control knob further away from pen. Heat was decent and was not hot to handle after an hour of use at the grip.
"This is the first wood-burning tool I have ever used, and I really enjoyed it. I thought that the burning was a tad uneven... maybe as the device was heating back up to the set level it was burning faster, and then as it was on the decline it was taking longer to burn. I imagine it as something like how the temperature in a house fluctuates slightly within a range around the set temperature. Either way, I am happy with the purchase and it did it's intended job very well. I don't feel like I should complain much, or that my complaints should be given much weight due to the fact that this is the first wood burning tool I have ever used. But, for those out there in the same place I was: this was a good purchase, I had fun with it, it came with plenty of bits I look forward to using, and it was easy to use."
Works great.  For the money this is a nice tool.  The temperature control is a must have feature.
"For the price, you get quite a few tips and it looks nice. But the quality is seriously lacking. I had a similar pyrograph as a child/teenager that I used for a variety of projects, so I'm not new to using one. I read all the instructions as soon as I got this tool, then went to work on a project for my daughter. I was grossly disappointed as the very end of the tip I was using immediately started melting and then just broke off. I wasn't even using the tool on the hottest setting.  I reread the instructions to make sure it wasn't operator error, but I had done everything according to what was written. Very disappointed"
"I wanted to like this tool. The first few times I used it, it was great. The cord length between the wood burner and temperature control is too short, I often found the dial being turned down just by brushing up against the table/floor/my arm. It's also very easy to strip the threads while changing tips, especially if the wood burner is warm or hot, thereby killing the entire tool. I carefully tried to remove one tip while it was warm to replace it and the thread of the tip melted and stripped some of the threads inside. The entire thimg is now useless."
I don't know what i am doing wrong but even in the mode of highest temperature burner tip is not leaving marks easily as i have had on the old burners i used to use years back. It takes really long to keep the tip of the burner in one place to leave a visible mark.  Could it be that the burner does not achieve a wattage indicated in the specs? Old burners were leaving marks without an effort gliding over the wood surface. I ;ve tried several wood sorts with same affect..
used as plastic welder...worked perfect as it has adjustable heat
Best one ever
Worked great!
Broke the first time using it. Don't waste your money. Very cheap construction. Ruined one of my projects! Spend a little more money and get something that will last.
"Lots of fun for a new hobby, works great."
Great product.  Lots of tip options.  Does what it's supposed to do.
"So far, really great quality for the price."
"Works very well.  The little bit extra cost is well worth the adjustable heat. Also, comes in a nice case."
Tip melted right into the burner so it became unusable after only a few uses.
"I decided to try a new hobby and I figured that I would try wood burning. This kit comes with everything that you need to start. The cord has heat control which allows you to use it on different surfaces. The included bits were easy to attach and were easy to clean. The price is affordable and there are lots of accessories that you can purchase  I love this product! Overall, I would recommend this tool.  A++"
Good product.  Received quickly.
Great product and fast shipping
"after using this I realized the temp control is really not necessary and is in the wrong spot, it's too close to the handle. works good though"
"I really like this wood burner! It takes a little getting used to, but after a while it gets easier. Good for beginners.
Pros:
Lot's of tips.
Temperature control.
Easy to change tips.

Cons:
Temperature dial is really close to the pen which makes it easy to accidentally change the temperature.
Slow to heat up and cool down."
Terrible product the threads were messed up in the first week
Product excellent and useful.
Need more than one.
"It's an ok tool. The reason I decided on this one was because of the temperature control, which would come in handy when using different materials/wood types. However, the dial is so close to the pen that it adds weight and makes writing very challenging. It makes it very awkward to use and it constantly rubs against your leg making the temp change without your knowledge. I also think I managed to get a defective one. It shorts out quite a bit and will have random influxes in heat which scorched a few projects, thus ruining them. I'll be returning this and continuing looking."
"Works great, temperature control is easy to use and reacts quickly to your changes."
"For a pretty cheap priced woodworking pen this one is a great set for many uses.  If you are just getting started or need more tips and adjustable temperature this set is for you.  I purchased this kit mainly for the flat transfer tip to transfer logos to wood from a copier print.  With the adjustable temperature setting you can practice with transferring until you find the perfect temperature them make a mark on your dial for transfer settings. If you use a regular woodburing pen for transferring you will find that you need to scrub off the heat so as to not burn the paper but keep enough heat to liquefy the toner to make the transfer work better. This is where the adjustable setting makes it's money.

The kit includes many other tips to help you decorate, burn in lines or drawings, make shapes, and trace images into wood.  One tip will even let you sign your work with some practice.

The kit comes with a plastic (organizer style) case that keep all your tips and tools organized and stored properly.

This is a great beginner kit and for only a few more dollars you can get the convenience of the adjustable temperature."
I used this wood burning tool for 3mins and it stopped.  Not happy. Tried to contact supplier but no luck.  Liked the concept of the tool. Would have loved it if I could use it.  Hoping the supplier will respond to my message
So so many things you can do with this little tool! I love love loved it!
Takes a long time to heat up. Loses a lot of heat when you make contact. Limited amount of tips. Cord could have been longer.
I can't get any of the burning tools to fit anymore.  It worked fine for a couple of weeks. Really disappointed.
Fun to use. Easy to operate
Very good starter kit. Lots of options with good heat control. Used it for a 8' x 2' headboard custom design and it worked great.
"Thought product was great when i first got it. Ive used it on 3 small projects. On the 2nd time using it i had 2 of the tips get stripped out without any force at all, 3rd time using it i had another tip break off inside. I do not recommend this product."
it did what i expected.i love it.
Great tool for pyography.
Works great! Just used it on some wedding favors that are small wooden cinnamon rounds. Worked perfectly on them! Great value!
"I would have given this product a 4-star rating had it not broken within 2 days of using it. The functionality, variety of nibs, and temperature control are all great features. But one of the nibs broke off inside the tool, and now I cannot screw in any other tips. Useless! I have to return it and buy a better one to finish my project."
Wish the temp controls wasn't so close to the handle - needs to be further down the wire.
"This is extremely affordable and really fun to use. I have never had any experience with pyrography, and it is pretty intuitive to use. There are a lot of different tips, and I'm still trying to figure out what tips are used for what application. But hey, it's better than not having enough tips!

Some important lessons I learned:
- stay away from soft woods
- stay away from grainy woods (plane off the top layer if you have to use a grainy wood)
- I'm experimenting with different types of woods but I have found that cherry works really well
- the flat round tip is for transferring images. You can print off a picture on a piece of paper, lay it face down on a piece of wood, and just slowly apply pressure using the flat, round tip. The image will be transferred to the wood, but know that it will be a mirror image of the original. Do NOT do this if you are planning on using the wood for serving or preparing food (e.g. a cutting board)- I have no idea what chemicals are in the ink, and burning the ink onto the wood will probably be toxic. Graphite paper is a good alternative that is safer for food applications (graphite is just carbon, when you burn carbon you get carbon monoxide and/or carbon dioxide...just make sure you are in a well-ventilated area)
- every part that is metal will be hot, bear this in mind when burning designs onto wood...the round disk that is used for propping up the pen has ruined quite a few of my designs!
- the long, rounded tip is really useful for cursive writing
- the flat part of the bent tip is used for adding color to the wood; if you apply pressure using the flat part onto the wood, you'll burn the wood lightly and give it a brown color.
- don't touch the metal part to test if it's hot enough! I can tell you first hand that this is a BAD idea...this pen heats up so quickly!
- always unplug the pen when you are done"
Broke after the first use.
"This is working much better than I expected it to. I am not working any heavy wood, but am doing some boxes and it has not disappointed me yet."
So many wonderful uses!  A great buy!
Not what I needed. This is more for someone who's just starting To learn how to craft. Not a professional tool
"I gave it 3 stars for the price, but after about 2 days of use, the threads got boogered up, I bought the optional lettering set and if you want to swap letters out while this is hot, there will be expanding and shrinking of the metal, I don't think the tolerances on this tool were designed correctly to do hot swaps.  I was gentle with the tool, never over-tightening, or tightening with wrench.  I used a heat glove and tightened by hand.  luckily i had a larger, more sturdy heat tool i used for soldering to complete my job.  I will try to run a tap through it to see if it works, otherwise it will go back to company."
"Great product.
Pros: Heat Dial
Cons: takes 5+ minutes to reach maximum heat"
Mine broke after one use! Couldn't screw the accessories into pen any longer. Bummer
Works well!
Love this wood burner. First time doing this and love it.
I have purchased several wood burners thru the years. This is the best and most versatile.
exactly what I wanted!
Came in early and worked great with the alphabet hot stamps
"I love this thing. I bought it to do some stencils and it works perfectly. I can't wait to use it with leather.
I really recommend it."
"Works great and has helped me improve my workmanship, Thanks"
"This tool did a good job for what I needed it for. The internal thermostat can be a little frustrating, especially when working with a small tip. The tip would obviously lose heat much quicker than the internal thermostat, so the pen would decrease heat/turn off because according to the internal thermostat, the pen was at the selected temp, when the tip was much cooler. I solved this problem by blowing on the thick metal portion of the pen, decreasing the internal temp and allowing the entire pen to warm back up. Turning the pen off and on also works but is more time consuming. All in all this pen helped me to do the job I needed. I would eventually like to invest in a higher quality pen, but right now I am in college so things are pretty tight. I attached a picture of the completed work. My project was a clipboard for grad school. Check out WinWood designs and their note catcher clipboards here on amazon. They're beautiful, American made and look like they'll last a lifetime. Happy Pyrography everyone!"
"Very satisfied with this product. It is my first Wood Burning Kit and I've fallen in love with it. I just got and already have completed a project with it; burned an Anime picture of Chitoge and Raku. My only complaint is to my own failure of not being able to quite figure out how to trace lol so i end up having to physically draw the picture out before burning, but that's cool I happen to like it that way though it'd be nice to learn that at some point (not in much of a hurry there). The handling of it is great I'd suspected at first it would take me some time to get use to, but i think i'm getting the hang of learning to make the burnt drawn edging to look like a smooth consistent line. For anyone planning to purchase this I hope this product satisfies you guys just as much as its satisfied me. Good luck with your projects guys :)"
"Seems to work well.  Unfortunately, there is a design flaw...the variable temp dial is only 12 inches back from the wood burning pen making it awkward during use.  You have to hold it in your other hand to avoid it bouncing around and inadvertently adjusting the temp.  With the 6' cord it would have made more sense to put the dial a foot from the plug instead."
Nice kit w/lots of accessories.
Nice wood burning tool.  Works well.
I got this for my wife's art work. She really likes it.
Does exactly what I needed to improve my work.
"I love this. This is one of the best wood burning kits I've dealt with it and it comes with a bunch of great tips. I feel it's a great kit for anyone no matter what level of woodburning you are whether it be beginner or advanced. Only complaints is the stand doesn't stay in place so it's very unreliable for holding an extremely hot tool. Also, the knob on the heat dial is extremely light and the temperature can be changed accidentally by bumping it and such."
"Very useful and with lots of tips. Good price, good quality."
the tips and wood burning work great ...liked everything ...only wish they would of put the temp dial closer to the plug end of the cord ..its to close to the burner but still useable..thats why i gave it a 4 star
Bought a cheaper wood burner that didn't work with different tips. This one does it all and for a great price. Seems to work with all screw on wood burning tips.
What an amazing product!  I have made a few signs for family members with this tool and all of the attachments are amazing!
No tool is junk it broke the first time I used it and seller would no refund me or give me a new one.
Works great and I was able to use it to add a personal touch to my uke headstock!
"Not a fancy or expensive tool, but this is an excellet beginners tool. If you have little or no experience and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is a good choice. I got it for my son to do a school project, and it came out great. I used to do some burning with a friend when I was a kid so I tried a couple projects and I remember how much fun it was. This tool makes it easy. A good buy."
Nice kit for the $$$
"I am very pleased with the tool: easy to use, several tips, temperature control, very reasonable price.  I do wish the temperature control were not so close to the tool (its too easy to bump it and accidentally change the setting."
"Works well.  I wasted my time and money on a cheaper wood burner and it would cool down as soon as it touched wood.  Process went: wait to heat up, start burning, heat up again, start burning, heat up again, etc.  It took 30 minutes for a 4 inch design! Horrible!
So after reading the reviews I purchased the Walnut Hollow kit and it is great.  It rips through projects and is comfortable to use.  Even includes a plastic storage box to keep everything together."
"I like this tool and I'm glade I got the adjustable temp model. I have the letter set, and proper temp is important to get good results. Also when screwing in different tips or letters, they only need to be finger tight and allow them to cool completely before changing. But I agree with others on the position of the control dial. If the dial is off the end of the table it will pull the whole tool off to the floor. I have to tape the cord to the table and use a extension cord. Even said, I like my Versa Tool."
"Bought this for my daughter for Christmas, she loves it,she says it does a lot of different things, she is very happy with the versa tool."
Works great
Safe delivery. A++
Excellent tool. Saw it on YouTube and it's great. I use a fan with mine so the smoke doesn't go in your face or eyes. I love the branding/embossing tips and you could even solder with the non-lead tip on paper crafts which I can't wait to try for my scrapbook.
Bought this for my daughter to use in carving designs in various types for foam board. She then prints with dyes and paints. The temp control is a must so that the foam doesn't flame up or melt completely away.
Received this in a timely fashion!  Love this tool and having lots of fun using it.  Also love the guard that allows for an easy grip and keeps the tool from becoming too hot to hold.  Planning on buying this for my kids!
Works very well
"These are terrible little tools. I had it replaced by the manufacturer once. But the second one did the same thing:
Changing tips while hot will cause the tool to mis-thread :/ Both are useless."
I made permanent garden stakes for my favorite varieties of peppers. Took much longer than I had supposed
"Awesome wood-burning kit for those on a low budget.  The temperature dial makes this very versatile and it comes with a good number and variety of burning heads.

Although this iron does get very hot... it doesn't have the wattage required to maintain that heat during work.  So one has to work slowly.  Carbon tends to gather on the tip rather than burning off, and must be wiped off regularly.  This makes for tedious work.  However, if one is just a hobbyist and doesn't have stringent requirements, this is one of the better low-cost units.  Higher wattage irons are available but tend to be rather large and cumbersome to use and none I've seen have the variable dial contained in this unit-- they're either blazing hot or cold, nothing in between.

If your intent is to do a lot of wood-burning or to do consistent, serious artistic work... there really is necessity to get a high-wattage professional wood-burning station, but those are rather pricey (well in excess of $100).  I've found nothing (yet) in a medium-price range that will do a sufficient job to meet higher-quality projects.

This is definitely a ""hobbyist"" kit.  If you're planning on getting serious, save up the pennies and invest.  This unit does very well for what it is... but what it isn't is a high-quality wood burning system with a tip that retains constant temperature during use.  In it's class I'd rate it 5 stars, but I can only give it 3 stars for overall usage."
Works as expected.  One complaint is that we seem to have to crank it to the hottest setting to burn into the wood we are using (granted we are using a little bit of a harder wood).
I used it for about an hour and I let it cool down a bit and changed the heads but it had melted to the tool. Extremely disappointed.
good beginner tool.....
Really worked well for our simple name writing. have not tried anything more detailed. but is easy to use. We had a very cheap wood burner and it did not heat up well enough to burn. This was an emergency buy for Christmas Presents. Worked really well. Good price.
"I'd have to give this a one-star as well in that as other users have said,  the threads stripped out in less than one hour's worth of use.  I do hope someone can recommend a better quality kit.  I need something that can give me about 4 hours of quality use."
You can't beet the price of this thing for what it does.....Great product....
I recently got into wood burning. This tool has been great. If you're looking into getting into the hobby as well. I would recommend this burner. Great for beginners like me.
ok
"The box set is a nice beginner's set but I have two issues with it.
1. The length of the power cord is a bit small for my taste. I have to have an extension cord plugged to it pretty much anytime I want to use this pen.
2. The tips always come off loose in the middle of a session and I have to wait for it to cool down for a few minutes before I can try to screw it back in all the way and resume my woodburning, which can waste a loooot of time on a bigger project."
"Horribley sad. I was so excited to wood burn again when I got this. I was about 20 minutes into burning and it cooled down And never heated back up. I unplugged it many times,and kept trying different settings,and it never got it. Only warm."
Had to return. Threads went bad on the tip when putting different tips on the end. Not a happy customer.
arrived sooner than expected and is working well as expected
"I'm a novice woodburner but have found the Versa Tool easy to use. Most surprising was how quickly it heats up and it does get very hot. The hottest setting on the dial was too hot and I was scorching surrounding areas so I turned it down a bit. I also found that if you stop using it for a minute, touch a piece of scrap wood before continuing otherwise it will burn too quickly and leave a deeper, darker, mark than you may want."
"I bought this tool in December 2014 and was practicing using the tips.  I tried two and one gave me a bit of trouble getting it off, then I used the round tip and it would not come unscrewed at all.  It is now firmly stuck and the tip is ruined anyway, from all the twisting with pliers trying to get it off.  My husband even tried using a vise grip.  I would not recommend this tool.  I purchased over 30 days ago now and have no recourse for a refund so I will have to recycle everything.  It is very disappointing.  Should be a better design for tip insertion and removal."
I love the ability to adjust the temperature of this tool.
"I used this tool only twice, when the tools would not screw into the heating element. My husband tried to see if there was something stuck by using a tapping screw but nothing was. We decided the heating element got so hot that the threads melted. The tools are brass and bend easily once heated...cheap price....cheap tool."
"As I expected. Works very well but the golden color of the head parts easily burn, so that change from gold to black."
"I bought this to put cattle brands on wooden napkin rings, worked beautifully (after I got he hang of it)  I made them as a gift and really  had some fun doing it.  I did 56 of them so I was a pro by the time I finished.  They turned out wonderfully and the Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool was a life saver it is easy to use and did a great job!"
Everything I need for a beginner.  Easy to use and figure out.
Our son was delighted with this gift.  He presented us with some wonderful woodworking he has done and this is a nice addition to his tools.
"Had no problem used it for minor arts and crafts projects, had no problems of attachments and melts"
"This was my first time trying wood-burning, and this tool gives you all the options you could want to try new tips and techniques."
Just what my wife wanted
Wasn't what I thought it was going to be.  Need a tool for gourd carving and this tool is more for wood working.  Sent it back this week.
Works as it should for a starter kit.
Works fine for the small wood burning project I did. I like the different attachments.
"It was a gift that was greatly appreciated, she was very pleased."
HAVE PURCHASED TWO. THEY ARE GREAT. EXTREMELY WELL MADE AND HANDY. USE ON WOOD AND LEATHER. AND IT WORKS PERFECTLY.
"Using for firearm stippling project. Temperature control is a very nice feature as if the iron gets too hot it can ruin a pistol. Seems to be just right. Very comfortable to use, just get a little stand and you are ready to go."
I've loved using this so far. The attachments are great and they worked quite well to burn designs into wood. The holder attachment for the device is the only part that needs improvement. It does not always hold up well enough.
works super well.
"Good value- tool works as described, delivered promptly.  Nice storage kit for the tips.  Purchased for art class, so was heavily used right way- heated quickly, easy to use, has held up well!"
"Takes a while to heat up. I mostly bought it for the hot knife function. In that regard you the most effective melting/cutting region of the knife will be the wider area closest to the tool as the heat has yet to dissipate to the cooler tip. I must agree that the placement of the control dial is less than optimal, not only for making sure the temperature is not accidentally bumped, but also since it makes handling the actual too a bit unwieldy with the control box hanging off the wire so close to the tool ."
Very nice kit
"work better then expected. love the temp control, and attachments. my last one was purchased in 1973, lets see how long this one last!"
"I'm just a beginner and this was a great starter set! I love the template transfer tool, & the tips included make for versatile designs and techniques."
Exelent
"Works great!  Was used, but that was clearly stated."
Great
"Works fir exactly what I needed it for. has many nice attachments at a reasonable price. Buy a stand to go with it, the one in the box is not much and has tobe taped to a table top."
"This product works as described, and it burns fairly smoothly. However, the pen is cumbersome to hold, and the cord is very, very short--too short for me to safely use at my craft table without an extension cord. But for the price, I think this is a good beginner set."
Very nice.
Didn't work very well.
I like this tool but it doesn't work for thin lines. The thinnest point bent even though I wasn't pushing down hard.
"I liked that it had many different tips for different situations.  Having a variable heat knob was a plus as well.  I've had this for a couple of months and unfortunately the build quality isn't very good.  In my case, a tip got stuck onto the actual tool and when I tried to unscrew it, the tip broke off, leaving the threaded part of the tip in the actual tool, rendering it useless."
great
Great for a starter tool.  Good price with extra tips and case. Many different functions.  Very satisfied with the purchase and the price.
Works great!! Love the little design stamps as well. My only complaint is that the temperature/on/off control switch is way to close to the actual tool. This is very annoying and gets in the way a lot while trying to work.
I LIKE THE KIT BUT THE TIP BROKE OFF IN THE BARREL OF THE BURNER AFTER USING IT  ONLY 2 TIMES SO THE WHOLE SET IS NO LONGER USABLE
"I probably use this tool more than anything else. Since it has a temperature dial, I can use it for soldering, welding plastic, and even cutting or re-shaping plastic. It's good quality, and well worth the money."
It works great. Very handy tool.
Good tool.
"This Walnut Hollow creative versa tool is clumsy to use because there is no swivel piece on the end, so when I use it the cord keeps getting wrapped around my wrist --very annoying. I have to keep readjusting my grip. The variable temperature control /on and off switch is about a foot from the end of the tool/my hand so it dangles in the air hitting my elbow and it constantly pulls on the tool, making it difficult to work with. Also hazardous because it can pull the tool off the flimsy holder or even onto the floor if you're not careful to watch that switch and make sure it stays on the table at all times.

Having the tool's on/off switch hitting against my hand all the time combined with the lack of a swivel end makes the whole thing super annoying to use, but short of spending almost $200 for the topoftheline wood burner tool made in Canada, it appears I'm stuck with this one. I only intend to use this occasionally on paper, so I will put up with it. If you are tending to use this for a lot of actual wood-burning activities I recommend trying to find one with a swivel and an on-Off switch that doesn't interfere with your work.

I am also disappointed because this item IS made in China -- the folks at Walnut Hollow prominently display their address in Wisconsin USA on the front packaging, giving one the (false) impression that the piece is made in the USA-- no it ISN'T."
excellent tool
This was my first time using a wood burning tool so I don't have a lot to compare to. The tool has worked well for me and I really like that it comes with several tips. So far I have used this tool to make a US map outline and the tips have worked great. My biggest complaint with this tool is that the handle gets really hot. I would say within about 10-15 minutes it was to the point where I could hardly hold on to it and the plastic rim gets even hotter than the handle. I ended up wrapping some fabric around it which helped but is a bit of pain. Also the temperature guage hangs about 6 inches down on the cord and was constantly hitting my hand or the table making it hard to control. I ended up holding it with my other hand most the time. For a beginner tool its great but definitely has a few design flaws. I actually purchased my tool at Hobby Lobby and used a coupon so it ended up being about $20 there.
"Awesome, love it. So much fun even for a newbie like me!"
"This was the first wood burning kit I used and it unfortunately broke within the second use.

First:  The tapered point tool started to bend while I was using it with medium pressure.  I'm not sure if this is par for the tool.

Second:  The tools screw into the heating tool.  When I tried unscrewing the bit, the screw part broke off into the tool.

Third:  An annoyance, the temperature dial moves too easily and if it's accidentally knocked, the gauge can move without you knowing.  Also, the tool is difficult to use due to the weight of the dial.

I will be looking for a higher quality tool.  If you have any suggestions, I'm open to hear them :D"
Bought it for the transfer tool option only.  It worked fantastic!  I'll be using it again and again.
great wood burning tool.
"I don't know why I didn't get one of these earlier. I am always working on some kind of project or repairing something that requires a hot knife, soldering iron, wood burner... something! This tool is all that and more. I like all the tips included and the variable temperature controls. The price is very reasonable. For the price of a soldering iron, you get all this. Just buy it."
Works great.
useful
good for the price
Great for the price.  I used to engrave a olive wood cutting board and the end result was great.  easy to use but the handle did tend to get very hot if it was on for a while so I would unplug from time to time to give it a break or else I was not able to hold it.
The versatility of tips and uses made it worth paying the extra amount.
"Bought this after using a non regulated heat tool left me frustrated.
The grip is comfortable BUT you can get a bit of a burn if you ""choke up"" on the flared guard portion of it.

Using this for stippling on polymer firearm frames and it works very well.
The tips are nice and easy to ""customize"" if needed (soft brass ish tips)
Temp control is a tad...vague so playing around with it and taking notes will be the best bet rather than setting and hoping it is right.

After a bit of playing with this I have found it to be a GREAT addition to mycustomization tool kit."
love it
"Yes, gets really hot!"
"I'm writing this review in some time I suddenly have available. I'd planned to do some woodburning this evening, but the damned tool won't get hot. Again. Actually, it's hot to the touch, just not hot enough to burn wood; this seems to happen about half the time I turn it on.

I'd return it as defective if there weren't so many other reviewers telling similar stories. I doubt I'd get anything better the second time around."
This is a very nice tool.  Although it is a little awkward I am getting the hang of it.
Works great and with the extra tips I can get pretty creative.
"I use this to put holes in plastic containers.  Heats up fast, works well, and is consistent.  I recommend this product."
"The temperature control knob is very cool and makes this hands down better than the rest of the devices I have used.  The rounded tip works very well on wood, but it seems like the heat oscillates a bit and sometimes it burned the wood faster and sometimes slower.  But it had great results.  My main gripe is with the placement of the control knob-it is close enough to the tool to be able to easily control, but far enough that it tends to hang off the edge of the table and make it awkward to use sometimes.

I have not yet tried soldering with it."
"Great little tool, bought it for the rounded tip for transferring laser copies to wood and terracotta and it works well. The adjustable heat setting makes all the difference."
"Within 5 minutes of opening the versa tool, I was hot-stamping an old piece of wood and making my kitchen smell like a campfire. The tool works as advertised, comes with a nice plastic case, and has a bunch of tips that I will probably never use, but make me feel like I got a good value for my dollar. I also purchased the hot stamp alphabet kit, which seems to work good so far.

One suggestion I have is to look up the walnut hollow videos on youtube. They're actually pretty useful to get you started with using the tool.

I would recommend this tool, it's really good."
the tip can be twisted when kept warm for a long period...Be careful...but is a good very complete instrument...I like it.
"Perfect for blue foam. Only criticism: I wish you could click the heat adjuster into a static groove or notch, versus it being able to just slide around at its own accord."
"Great product, but took a long time to arrive, and had a bogus tracking number"
Great tool for the price!
"So far, so good."
"Great tool, works well and the tool kit with it is of good quality"
muy bueno
Absolutely great product. I love the box it came in.
"Give it the instructed amount of time to warm up and then it's great. I have only tried the general tip but you can do almost anything with it (from a beginner perspective). I wish the cord was longer, though."
Not worth the money.  The temperature control burnt out shortly after purchase.  Another great idea that didn't pan out.  Would not recommend to anyone.
Great value
"excellent article, better than expected"
Fast delivery and exactly what I wanted!
Really good product for an entry level wood worker
Am getting used to using it but packaging and arrival were as expected.
"Suits my needs, but needs better support for all around safety and stability."
Works well for intro wood burning. Can't really burn hard woods easily because it doesn't get hot enough. Don't use half of the attachments for this reason.
"It's proved pretty handy so far, just what I expected.
I can't say much because I've never any tool remotely like this, but I've been using it for a few months and it's just what I was looking for. (As an aside, that little stack of clear plastics are dividers that you can add to the toolbox. It took me a while to figure that out.)"
Works great.  Some posts stated tips were hard to remove.  I did not find that to be a problem.  Great for a novice - this tool is definitely  not for children.
"I love the temperature control feature. Some of the tips don't hold up to the heat, though, and bend easily. I read that the tips are from China and they don't have the same controls on metal content, so sometimes tips bend. Overall, I like this tool, though, and can get other tips from US made companies. The temperature control is worth the purchase."
"WOW, that's hot!  It burns wood fast.  I just need to work on my handwriting now."
"Poor design.  The temp control is great, but it't too close to the tool and is very hard to work with.  Should be down around the plug.  Also it would be nice if the cord swiveled.  Would send it back if it wasn't such a hassle."
the setting for the amount of heat are off. Don't even try using the highest heat setting it will break your tips. Back to using my cheapo woodburner.
This is a very complete set for wood burning.  It has every type of tip I've ever needed!
super item. I make patcked and this is the only tool that gets hot enough to melt the polyester thread and fabric for a pro look.
"I had been using an old one-temperature burner, and decided to bring my work to the next level. I invested in this burner, and wow! What a difference. It's all that I could've wanted, and everything I need. Thanks!!"
I purchased this product in order to make my own wooden sign.  It seem to work fine for this particular job.
awesome
"The rotary temperature control box is too close to the hand tool. It caused the tool to drag and twist in my hand, causing it to cramp. Suspending it from my desk lamp helped. The tool works well enough otherwise."
"A great price for just the right tool.  For the beginner or for the more accomplished user, this one works great."
"Excelent, i like it!"
"So far it has done everything it was advertised to do.  That said I have mostly worked with foam cutting (Pink insulation foam)
The one big drawback is the temperature control is too close to the tool itself so when using the tool, the control rubs against the table/floor what have you and changes the temperature setting.  the Control should be further away from the tool."
"After a couple uses, one of the pattern tips broke off inside the tool, making the tool itself useless.  I have emailed amazon requesting a replacement.  Depending on how this process is handled, I may change the rating I gave because I was overall happy with the performance of the tool, for the short time I was able to use it."
Works very well for a beginner or intermediate. I was very satisfied with the product.
"I have both the burner with no temp control and this one. The basic problem I have with the versa-temp is the temp control is way too close to the burner itself.
 More than once I have unknowingly bumped the temp control while burning and within a minute or so the temp is either too high or too low for what I am doing. I am sure they put it there for the convenience of the user but I think it needs to be moved back down the line a ways so the setting would not accidently be moved.
 Another solution would be for it to click into place at various settings. I know the price on the whole setup is a pretty good deal but if the versa temp control is a problem (which it is) then the other one at half the price is a better deal"
I'm just learning to use it and so far its great. Works great on gourds. With the temperature adjustment makes the carving and burning go smoothly. I loved it so much I purchased one for my friend.
I bought this to do a a wood project for my daughters wedding and it worked great.  The job was done without any problems and it came out wonder.
"The temperature control is by far the beat feature of this sturdy and dependable tool.
Having so many tips to choose from allows use on multiple mediums and innumerable creative possibilities.
I would recommend this to anyone interested in wood burning, leather working, soldering, or other creative hobbies."
"I was consciously careful to try not to strip the screw threads of the Versa-Tool while changing the hot-stamp tips. This was a very difficult task since the Versa-Tool requires the use of pliers to change tips. Each tip's shape determines what angle the pliers will be held while trying to screw it into the Versa-Tool. Some of the basic tips allowed me to hold the pliers at an angle that was comfortable and made it easy to screw the tips on, but the alphabet-stamp tips did not (all tips were Walnut Hollow products too). After an hour or so of use with frequent tip changes, the tips gradually became more and more difficult to thread onto the Versa-Tool. Before I could finish my 1st project, the barrel of the Versa-Tool started to spin while I was trying to un-screw one of the tips. After several attempts, I could not remove the tip even with the use of 2 pliers, one for the barrel and the other for the tip. I was very disappointed, especially since the gift I was making was not going to be finished by the time I needed it :(

I should also mention that the temperature control is located on the electrical cord in an annoying place. It is difficult to put into words, but it felt like the weight of the control pulled on the Versa-Tool while i was trying to accurately place the tips on the wood surface. It slid all over my forearm and at least twice, the temperature dial moved and changed the temp which in turn changed how the stamped burn turned out. To get the lettering to look the same, there are many factors involved, and using the same temperature is an important one. If you use the same pressure and timing with different temps, the letters will not look the same. There really isn't a 2nd chance to get it right with stamp-tip wood burning, especially if the wood surface is not replaceable or too expensive to replace."
Everything you need to woodburn. happy with this purchase. I like the temperature control on it. Not just a basic tool that you buy in a general store.
"This is false advertisement. This item was not made in the USA as it is claimed in the description, it was made in China. Why did you put Made in USA first on the description list, to mislead people who are trying to support local manufactures? This is really disappointing. I would never purchase this item if I knew that it was made in China."
I purchased so I could personalize a shower gift.  It was easy to use and worked out great!  Now I want to do more!
"I love the temperature control, and the set of various points. However, when changing out a point the very first time I used this particular woodburner, the threads stripped. When trying to insert a new point, it cross-threaded, and when I applied a little bit more force with the small pliers I was using, the threaded part of the point completely broke off."
"It is exactly what I needed! I wish the tips could be changed out without cooling, but truly it works the way it's supposed to."
"I was nervous about thing, but I really like it and am glad I got it
it gets much hotter than a very old one I had"
"Tips melted and changed shape on first use out of the box, become useless.  Only had it powered half way.  Contacted manufacturer and never heard back.  Luckily was able to return.  Definitely would not recommend."
"I have used it on several occasions, and I have tried almost all of the attachments, which offer great veriety of styles and patterns...  my wish is for heating process to be faster then about 10 minutes... otherwise,  I am happy... thanks!"
"I bought this for my artist brother who loves it. I have one, as well, they're worth every cent. If you're thinking of buying one, stop thinking, it's a good deal and a great product."
"The other wood burners I've had were ok, didn't really know there was much of a difference between them until I got this one. This thing stays HOT, and I love the temperature control. Also great assortment of tips."
Great tool and love all the extra points. I bought a very simple one with no research before this one and this one is definitely better.  The extra points/tools are essential in doing a good job.
"It's a great tool! I love the multi-functions heads, especially the hot knife, makes it so easy to carve into bark! It's well conceived and a really good ensemble of tools to work with!"
"I've not actually used the tool yet, but I was impressed with the number of tips and accessories included for the price.  It was important to have temperature control on it because I use different media."
"Seems to take awhile to heat up, but once it does it works great. I like the fairly fine point on the soldering tip. Makes for a great little crafting tool."
It was a gift and my friend was very happy to receive it. What a nice gift it makes for crafters.
"I had previously bought a wood burner from Lowe's for around $16. Very unsatisfied with it. No temp control, uncomfortable handle, got too hot to the touch, poor tip selection. Returned it the next day after only using it to decorate a single wood coaster.

The Walnut Hollow Versa tool is so much nicer. Excellent build quality, comes in a recloseable clear storage box, clear instructions on how to use the device and explains which tips are suitable for what function, temperature control works great, and even has a folding stand! Only two things to improve it: add a LED light and shift the position of the temp control farther down the cord, close to the plug. Currently the temp control is only about 6 inches away from the base of the burner. This means I kind of have to balance it against my hand while I am drawing a design.

Overall, I definitely recommend this product for a beginner woodworker. I did not try to solder anything, but I imagine it would work great."
"This is the first wood burner I have ever bought and I'm very satisfied with it.  It heats up quickly and the temperature control works well.  You have to check it every once in a while, however, to make sure the control didn't move to a higher or lower heat setting (as it can easily move).  The tips this tool comes with are great for beginners wanting to do simple designs.  One of the thinner tips does have a tendency to bend when the high heat setting is used, but it can be bent back."
"Got this tool to cut through EZ Mount with cushion.  This knife cuts through it very well.  The older style knives tended to lose their hold on the blades, but this one is designed to really hold all the tips very well. Like the temp adjust ability also.  Great hobby tool."
"Works great, will use over and over, recommend to anyone."
"The cord is really short, so I had to set up a mini work station by the wall and work on my stuff there. Wish it were longer so it could reach my normal work table. You also can't afford to move the tool around freely without the attached temperature control box swinging around and knocking this over.
The box that comes with it is not very good at holding the stuff once they've been unpacked. Kind of like a newspaper that never folds back quite as nicely as they first were.

Temperature control is a great feature, variety of tips was very nice. Haven't used the soldering bits yet, but will soon."
"Imagine trying to burn script on a project made with multiple types of wood.  The maple is rock hard; the sassafras is soft as a baby's butt, the mahogany is somewhere in between. Use a higher temperature setting on the hard woods and a lower temperature on the soft woods. This is the only beginner's set that I could find that lets you change the temperature to suit what you are working on. One tip I would like to pass on for beginners like me is to use the dot tip instead of the universal tip to initially burn your script or design. Do so very lightly so that you have more control, then repeatedly go over it until you have the look you want.  Once you have established an indentation in the wood, you can switch to the universal tip or any other if you like."
I stipple guns and gun parts so I don't use this for the traditional use. The temperature control is an excellent feature and I really like messing around with all the different attachments.
"The product works fine however due to the heat control near the point it's hard to keep it on it's stand and can burn something it's not supposed to. It needs a better, safer stand."
"Be careful, don't use the high heat settings with the thin tips, keep it on low. The basic wedge works fine on high heat."
The threads that keep the tip implements wear out with in 20 minutes of use - absolutely terrible. I eventually dropped 80 dollars on good wood burning kit.  This thing is junk.
"Having done decretive design work with wood for years, I would highly recommend this product. The beauty of using this product, for me anyway, is the  temperature control, and the variety of burning tips.
Again, for the money, and the quality you can not go wrong with this purchase."
Bought this for my grandson for Christmas last year.  He has thoroughly enjoyed using it to work on leather decorations for his sisters and family.
I liked this for the price. I've only used it for a few days. I wanted to burn some characters into wood beads for a braclet and the point tip (i think that's what it is called) did the job. Burned myself a couple times and the stand is a joke. You have to tape it to the table (and if you have a cheap table like me it messes it up).
It's a simple wood burning tool that allows the beginner to get her feet wet in the art of wood marking.  It's got many different shaped tips to use also.
"I've only use it on one project to date, but I've used a lot of nibs already. I like the adjustable temperature control, and so far, so good."
"I am pleased with the walnut hollow versa-tool, as it did much better than I expected! It heated quickly and was a joy to use! It is MUCH better than the wood burning kit I had as a kid, and is still sold today. I would have given it 5 stars, but think that in these modern times a handle could be made that doesn't get hot, other than that it is awesome, LOVE THE TEMPERATURE CONTROL!!!"
Ordered this as a present. It came just as described and in time for me to give to the person I ordered if for. Very happy! Would buy again
"I used this thing for 5 minutes tops and let it cool, changed the tip and it stripped out!! (The threads in the barrel) Keep looking and don't bother with this one!!"
"Used it to stipple my g17, worked perfect and I was able to adjust the heat. The different size tips are a plus along with the accessory box in came in."
"the other reviews are ample to explain how useful this woodburner is,  but one thing is rather bothersome, yet i haven't seen a comment about it. the dial for adjusting the heat, is close enough to your hand that it adds weight, shifts around and thus  making this tool more awkward to use.  this problem could have been easy to fix: by designing the tool so that the dial for temp. adjustment is near to the plug in. who designed the wood burner in this way:so that the dial is close to the hand.? why ????  designers need to be analytical  and think of how the tool is to be used. the only excuse ( and indeed a feeble excuse.) I can think of why the dial is placed here is that it would take less time to adjust the heat. but this is preposterous because in fact it takes longer. because at times the dial rubs against your leg, thus you spend more time adjusting it."
"Overall, this tool exceeded my expectations. This is my first wood burning tool set and I found it very easy and fun to use; the temperature control is a nice touch. However, I have two suggestions: a longer cord and an additional smaller round point (ball point size) for easier writing."
"Exactly what we wanted.  Works well, my son loves it especially the Temp control. Though we did order more tips than this set comes with.  Arrived on time without issue."
"Well I use it really good, price wise is ok , easy to use and to change the heating bit , the best is the thermostat  you can adjust your temp depending on what kind of wood your are working"
This was a gift.  The quality is great and the recipient loved it.  I based this purchase on other reviews on Amazon which especially recommended the ability to control the heat settings.
More then exceeded my expectations .easy to use with the temperature control.makes my wood burning much easier .would recommend this to anyone.
"This works great and I really like it. However, I'm on my second one because I did not fully read the instructions.  When you're done using one tip and want to switch to another you must turn it off and let it cool down. I did not do that with my first one and it ruined the threads for screwing in attachments.  So, after that i could not use it anymore because none of the tools would screw in.  Let it cool, otherwise you'll be buying a new one."
This is a great product. It heats quickly and has several attachments that came with it. I'm very happy with this product and it didn't cost me a fortune. Highly recommended this
"The tool is fine, the operator needs experience. It does what it is supposed to do which is to burn wood. Mine was purchased for gourd design."
"This tool solders my motherboards, wood burns on my projects, cuts plastic  it really is one of my most used tools in my projects."
"I am now getting into pyrography and was looking tool strong and study and this seems to be the one, from all the good reviews I choose this and I am happy with it and as a bonus it has temperature control.  I am also happy with the supplier, it arrived  on the date as promised.  Thanks Amazon."
I bought this for a gift for a family member who always wanted to get into this. He is very pleased with it. Excellent price and seems high quality.
Bought for my grandson and he seems to be enjoying it.  Hope he takes the time to learn how to use it correctly.
"Includes a lot of good quality tips and suggestions for varied projects. Easy to use, even for a beginner! Love it."
My grandchildren and I made place mats for their other grandparent's with this and they loved it.  It is safe and easy to use as long as there is supervision. It is great fun and works very well.
My 15 year old artistic daughter has just started wood burning. This is the perfect tool for her. We are most pleased!
"I bought it as a soldering iron and thought I was getting a good deal for a temperature controlled iron.  Terrible for soldering.  The included lead free solder is incredibly difficult to work with, the included soldering tip is a cone tip which does not work well with lead free solder at all as you need a wider tip for increased heat transfer that a cone cannot accommodate, and the weller 1/8"" screwdriver plated tips for the SP23 series cannot be swapped in to this model if anyone else is wondering that.

I bought this for a soldering project I wanted to work on and was completely unusable for it.  Looks like it'd be a great iron for wood burning though so if you just want a wood burning iron it looks like it'll fit the bill.  The soldering tip and included solder are completely useless though so I do not recommend for soldering especially as it seems like finding a compatible plated screw driver tip for this thing will be exceptionally difficult."
"This is an amazing wood burning tool.  I've used every kind, from the $15 craft store model to the $300 higher tech models.  This one here is a great compromise.  In fact, I use it more than my Razertip, which is also a great tool for woodburning.  This model provides the standard tips that come with most craft store models, but the big differences on this one are:  it's variable temperature control  AND it has a much shorter shaft that makes it much easier to use and more accurate than the bulky long shaft models.  This is a great tool for the pro and the beginner."
"I have purchased 1 Versa tool and purchased another about 3 months later in hopes it would help switching off so the issues I have had would be less irritating. I have finally purchased an expensive actual wood burner. The tips all start to go crooked because they can not handle the heat causing me to constantly buy new tips because they begin to not heat up all the way. The temp control is a lie. If you want to make any mark you have to have it all the way up no matter the surface. And even then on occasion it just completely loses it's heat and I have to turn it off for a bit and give it a break and that's not even after very long. I have the same problem with both burners. If you are wanting to see if wood burning could be a new hobby or passion, sure try it out with this. But if you are serious, invest in a real quality burner. I just purchased the razortip burner/pen/tips. It all cost 275. It's an investment but this is a passion of mine. I sell woodburner pendants and I can't wait to put this versa tool aside and just focus on my art without interruptions and irritations with the burner not working right."
"We are rather clumsey at using this, no burns or anything, just inept.  Will take patience and practice.  Good unit to have on hand for crafts."
To have tha ability to regulate your temperature is a Big Plus.  Depending on the surface (wood varies alot) the lines come out so much smoother with the higher temps.  This certainly helped Santa (grandpa) in his shop this year.  I didn't feel bad using Amazon either because only the big box stores here have these and this was almost 1/2 the price.
"This is the only wood burning tool I've ever owned so I don't have anything to compare it to, but there are a couple things I like and dislike so far. I like all of the tips that come with it, especially the rounded blunt tip and the pointed tip. Very useful for basic burning. Price was nice as well, especially for someone like me who wants to try it out as a hobby before any serious investment.

There are two things I dislike about it. First, it seems like it takes forever to heat up. The first time I used it I thought it might be broken because it took probably 5 minutes or so to even start to feel hot. Once it's up and running, it works fine though, just don't expect to be burning right away. I guess I'm used to soldering irons I've had in the past or curling irons that seem to heat up almost instantly. Second, I don't like where the heat adjustment is located. I'm constantly turning it up or down on accident because it will scrape across the table edge or something. It would be nice if it were located nearer to the outlet. I think next time I'd spring for a burner where the heat adjustment unit is separate, more like a soldering iron.

All in all, a nice beginner tool."
"This item was perfect for my project.  The temp control worked great and was exactly what I was looking for.  A surprise was the case that came included.  It was perfect for keeping all the ""stuff"" that goes along with this and the accessories.  Nice to keep it all in one place and protected from damage"
"Purchased as a Christmas gift, unable to rate fairly.  The product looks great and the price seemed a great value."
"Perfect for the job, I love it I use it to burn would for rifles, and it works great, good control settings for temp and overall a great buy. plus the color matches my mini drill press."
"The service and delivery was super that quick. It's a great product, work fantastic and easy to manipulate, it can be use it at many projects."
"I love all of the different fittings for the end. Some people wrote about not liking the location of the variable control dial for heat setting, for the dial easily turns from it's setting. However, a small piece of tape placed over the knob will keep in in your desired heat setting. Yes, it is too bad that the knife blade replacement isn't just the blade alone...must buy the entire fitting with blade attached. Overall, I really enjoyed using this tool on my project! A stencil cutter end from another kit also fit this tool. Nice."
"Works great! No issues at all! Heats up fast, burns in to wood fast and smooth. Love the temp control. Seems to work as well as other high dollar tools."
"Bought this to stipple my Glock 19, worked perfectly. Stippling is all about temperature control, and the temperature control on this wood burner is what you need. The fine point in this kit is also a plus and gives you uniformed stippling. I would advise you to tape the temperature control knob so that it does not adjust while you are working."
"The wood burner met my expectations and had extra tips for various designs. I am very pleased with my purchase,"
"A great wood burning pen. I really like the variety of tips that were included and even though I haven't tried all of them yet.  The one that came in handy immediately for me was the ""xacto type"" blade that was not only razor sharp, but the addition of wood burning heat made the cutting task a breeze. ( I haven't figured out how easy it will be to either replace the blade in its holder or buying a replacement if the original snaps.) A minor inconvenience is that the tips screw onto the pen and I needed to occasionally stop and re-tighten the tip during use. The variable temperature settings worked well which made shading very controllable."
"I am really happy with this tool, i brought it to franser images on to fabric but have found so many other uses.. Hy husband has also borrowed it for projects in the garage!

Total value for money!

Highly recommended..

NOTE: beware that this tool gets very HOT and should be used with full adult supervision!"
"I bought this for my wife to do stain glass projects. She has not tried it yet so I can not say how well it works but she seemed happy with the product. The temperature control was a major plus, for her prior soldiering iron had one. The product appears to be of high quality and the multi-tips is a plus."
I was interested in learning pyrography and found this tool very easy to use!  I would definitely recommend this to anyone interested in learning woodburning.
"I like the way it works, it gets very hot. But you have to be careful that the temperature gauge doesn't move as my arm would lay on it and it would move the gauge. I love the fact that you can control the temperature as many did not have the flexibility."
I have never had more enjoyment with a wood burning tool! It didn't get hot on the grip and the variable heat dial was spot on. Fantastic tool for my wood burning activities.
"together with the tips that where order at the same time perfect combo for wood burning projects she has started to sell in these rought times,when you can't find a job ,you create one"
"Finally a woodburner that is cheap, heat adjustable and comfortable to use.  This is the first tool I have been able to even attempt cursive writing with.
Well worth the money and excellent for the beginner."
"and it doesn't get as hot as I would like it to.  Things melt slowly with the round flat piece, so think before buying"
"There is an issue with the hot knife part of this tool, seem like everything gets hot but the knife, I can cut with the knife but what I wanted this hot knife portion of the tool is to melt the end of the synthectic rope ect so it would not fray out. This knife don't get hot enought."
"I think this tool is defective.  I had read the review about the narrow tip breaking off inside the handle, but I didn't understand what the person meant.  While I was using the tool with that tip, it suddenly started wiggling inside the shaft.  I went to take it out to put in a different tip that I knew wouldn't wiggle, and half of the part of the end with the screw threads broke off inside the handle!  Now I can't use it at all.  I think the metal that tip is made from is not durable at the high temperature setting.

Up until this moment, I was really enjoying this tool.  I liked that it came with a storage box and a lot of different tips.  The adjustable temp is nice, and it is also nice that it has a slight bit of insulation around the handle.  I would still say that the handle gets way too hot to use without some leather padding though.  (this seems to be a design ""risk"" included in all of the lower price range wood burners though, at least from what I have found.)

Hopefully I can replace this, as I thought it was great...until it broke.  I hadn't used the skinny tip prior to today, so I guess my word of caution is to avoid it and the rest of the kit will work perfectly."
"This tool did the job I needed, as I am a beginner wood burner. Some tips:

Tape the little stand that comes with the burner down to a table. Tension on the cord tends to pull the stand over, which can be dangerous and/or ruin a project.

Remember to clean your tips every once and a while. Carbon build-up can reduce the effectiveness of the tool.

I found that after a couple hours of use, I had raw fingers - the tool is not that comfortable.

After using this tool, I found myself wanting a more expensive and advanced product. But it works, and is great for a beginner, a young crafts-person, or a quick one-off project."
looked at more expensive ones but this works fine for a ocassional hobbiest. found this same one at joanne fabrics for $35 sothis is a great buy
"I use wood burning tools for a variety of purposes, but mostly I created wooden jewelry with viking runes etched into them. This product does this perfectly. The temperature setting is a life saver."
"works good. Only thing is, not telling you how hot it gets.. Really don't need the adjuster if you get one that burns really hot anyway."
"My wife and I bought this to make a custom rolling pin for our friends' wedding. I also used this to make the lines on a crokinole board I have been building. In searching for a wood burning kit, I was looking for something not too expensive (hoping it would survive at least these two projects), had a variety of tips, and decent reviews. The temperature control seemed like a nice feature as well.

Pros:
- It has everything I was looking for in an introductory kit.
- The heat shielding works well.
- It seems to heat up quickly (although I have nothing to compare it to other than soldering irons, which seem like very similar concepts).
- The plastic case is sturdy enough and works well.

Cons:
- As others have pointed out, the temperature control is in an awkward spot. I've taken to draping the cord over my shoulder, which keeps the temp control out of the way for the most part.
- Some of the tips get a little soft at high temperatures (not sure if this common).

My advice:
- Take care when screwing in /unscrewing the tips. Letting the tool cool before changing tips is a good idea as well. Hot tips are probably much more likely to break.
- Clean tips transfer heat much better. I use very light pressure on fine sandpaper to clean off corrosion.

To sum it up, I think this kit has been a good introduction to wood burning. I finished the projects I bought it for, I had fun, and I'm sure I'll use it again."
Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool Featuring Versa-Temp Temperature Control is a good deal!!! Look at all of he things it can do :)
I was expecting a little better quality than the cheaper models but It worked as well as the lower end burners. Had a few different tips which was nice. The heat dial is in an awkward place and keeps getting in the way or accidentally gets turned down or off from getting bumped.
"I was looking trying to find a wood burning tool to use just for writing with and didn't want anything too fancy or expensive and came across this one and the reviews seemed good and not too expensive either. The temperature control is nice and handy and it heats up in a few minutes. I had an issue too with my tip coming out and I was afraid if it was completely unthreaded but I just waited a few minutes for it to cool down and put it back and it works fine. This was after using it for over an hour.

It also comes with several different ends for different techniques, and a nice carrying case for everything too almost like a mini tackle box.

Only tip I didn't like was the transfer tool since I felt it didn't work well but the board I used was rough so it may have been why. I've used it for several hours and so far it works just as it did on day one. I use the rounded tip the most since I feel you get the best control with it and works the best. It is easy to use and it only took a few minutes to get the hang of it. The price is cheap but the quality of use is great ! From all the different ones I looked at this had the best reviews, lowest price, and seemed to come with more extra ends."
"This wood burning tool worked great!! The cord got in the way sometimes but it wasn't a big deal, just worked around it."
"This is exactly what I was looking for.  I am a beginner, so do not know all the possibilities/uses for this item, however, for what I am doing right now, this is perfect.  The only complaint I have, is that it is very difficult to change tips.  I have only changed the tip once because I'm afraid I may break something that can't be easily replaced."
"I PURCHASED THIS UNIT FOR THE PURPOSE OF BURNING LETTERS ETC. INTO WOOD PROJECTS WHICH IT DOES BUT TAKES A LONG TIME, NOT HOT ENOUGH."
"Im no pro when it comes to Wood burning, I saw this and thought it would be awesome to burn some hearts and my fiance name and mine into little wood cirlces to use at our wedding. First of all the handle gets really hot! I could barely hold it! Second the entire tip and metal part has turned brownish/black from it getting so hot. Im not sure if this is normal or not. But, besides that I think it works really well and gets the job done. I wish there were more tips though."
Works good takes along time to heat up. When I bought this I didn't realize it was a toy. Works well for being a toy.
the only issue I take with the design is the temperature control is way too close to the handle.  While holding the handle you have to contend with the weight of the temp control flopping around and generally getting in the way.  It really is a poor and poorly thought out design.  There's only about 6 inches of cord between the handle and the temp control unit.  To really feel like you have good control you need to try to hold both the hand piece and the control in the same hand.  Other than that the shipping was super fast and I do like the product if they gave more room between the handle and temp control it would be an excellent item.  But it does make me question the wisdom of coming up and producing this deisgn.
After having 3 wood burning tools burn out on me in 5 months I decided to spend some extra money(less than what the 3 tools cost) and buy this one since it has a control dial.  I can keep it plugged in and turn it off with the dial instead of unplugging and plugging it in all the time.  The tips are versatile also.
"The rheostat is great at providing variable temperatures for different work surfaces.  It is located too close to the tool and should be closer to the plug so that you don't drag it around on the work surface.  If you don't hold the rheostat with your other hand, dragging it on the work surface will unwittingly change the temperature.  Still worth buying."
I think this tool is so versatile every crafter should have one. Not just for wood burning. Its good for so many things.
"PACKAGING WAS  SUPER AND  WITH SO MANY PIECES  THE  CASE  WAS  PERFECT
BURNING  WORKED ON THE LEATHER AND WOODEN ITEMS THAT NEEDED  I.D."
"I was very pleased with this tool, last one I had would not get hot enough to use the way I wanted on the wood and gourd items I wanted to wood burn."
I got this tool for Christmas and it is fantastic.  I like being able to adjust the temperature control for different patterns.  The SE WP 28 tip set fits fine and make this a complete tool for woodburning.
"It works like it says it does.  Io don't use it very often, so I cant tell you what the long term quality is like."
"Very nice quality and made to last. I run a leather business and it has made nice work of burning leather. Comes with several bits. shapes, sizes to create some nice work. Heats up quick."
"For the most part I bought this for pyrography (or woodburning) which is a method of writing and drawing into wood with high temperatures. But there are a bunch of other woodburners out there, why did I buy this one? Well, this one comes with adjustable tips (And boy, do I love my adjustable tips!) for other jobs such as soldering, hot-knife cutting, image transfers and stamping, as well as some lead-free solder, which I appreciate since I was shopping for solder at the time, too.

What did I expect it to do? Well, it was pretty cheap, it was meant to be, I think, a tool for beginners and that's exactly what I was looking for. I read some past reviews that complained about the tips breaking off and the temperature control not working and I was definitely hesitant to buy it for those reasons. 'Beginner's tool' should not be synonymous with 'shoddy tool'.

It's been a couple of months since I bought it and after a long waiting period (I had to buy a step-down voltage converter since this is a tool from the US and I live in the UK) I got around to using it and I've used it a fair bit since. To address the complaints mentioned before: Thus far I haven't had a tip break on me and, although it does take a few minutes to heat up, the temperature control has been working perfectly (Or at least, it's been working - It's a yellow-orange-red scale so I'm not sure what the specific temperatures are supposed to be, but it's definitely hotter at red than it is at yellow).

The tool stand it comes with is a bit minimalist, but it does the job and it comes with everything it's advertised to have, as well as a little guide for using the different tips, which is a nice little bonus. The case is also really good quality, nice clear and fairly tough plastic. One thing I'm confused by is the little plastic squares that come with it, what are they for?

Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase, it does my woodburning stuff and other things that I haven't found my own use for yet (But I like having the option there, boredom won't go away on it's own), it's fun and easy to use, great tool for a beginner, and I'm hoping it'll take me past that, too. I think it could be improved by adding some sort of indicator to tell whether it's on or not, nothing too fancy, just a little LED would do fine, but, again, I'm happy with it."
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Walnut-Hollow-Creative-Versa-Tool-Featuring-Versa-Temp-Temperature-Control/dp/B005P1TRAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool Featuring Versa-Temp Temperature Control</a>I have received my Walnut Versa Tool and I will say that the Service From Amazon and the Distribution Company is AA+...however I haven't been able to use it yet..I need to but an adapter for NZ power ..I have ordered one locally and will soon be up and running...I did read the specs but thought I could use a travel adapter...not so ...it would be good if products would be labelled if they are not universal..just a thought..my adapter will cost more than the product...I am hoping to try it out soon...Best Regards Dianne..PS cannot rate this product yet...D..
Have got my Walnut Hollow Creative Versa Tool Featuring Versa-Temp Temperature Control going and happy :-)so have filled in the ratings....I certainly would not call it a Toy....D"
The product was purchased for a gift. She is using it to wood burn on gourds she seems happy with it. Says it works will but it is taking her some time to get use to it. They are classifying this as a toy it truly isn't one. The person that has it is 68 years old.
"This tool was the hit of our fake pumpkin carving get-together this Halloween. Our extended family gets together every year and creates new Halloween carvings for our collections. The knife blade that comes with this kit carves any pattern smoothly, sort of like a hot knife through butter! Not for kids. Everyone kept asking me why I hadn't thought of it before.  Guess I will have to buy a couple more for next year."
"Still learning. Bit I love it. My 6 year old can't weight antill she's old enuff to use it. i have used it on paper board, five kinds of wood. The temperature file works fantastic"
I was looking for a tool to cut stencils  and it does the job great. Looking forward to finding other things to use it for.
"I have never been so disappointed in a purchase before.  I thought I would be allowed to control the temperature -- totally wrong.  The dial freely moves all over the place so I never know what temp it will be.  Will now try to ""tape"" the dial in place to see if I can somewhat salvage my investment."
"So super sad, I used the universal point for this unfinished piece and one other......when I needed to change a tip for the eyes on the racoon, half of the point tip had broken off inside the pen. It was awesome to use, very easy to change all the other letters and tips but it should not break within 2 small projects."
"I bought this as a birthday gift for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves it! It's very convenient to just pick up and use since it heats up in no time, and there's a quick and easy guide for the temperature control depending on the materials used. The variety of tips is nice, and they all work well on the materials listed. Overall it was a great gift and extremely versatile!"
Great product! Fast shipping
"Great tool, good add to my box"
good
"My first issue is that the temperature control dial is basically useless if your intent is to work with wood. To get any burn at all you always need it turned all the way up. Next, while using the long skinny tip it basically bent after using it with the necessary high heat on soft pine.
 My final issue is that mine is now broken. I let the burner cool for about 2 minutes before trying to change the tip and while trying to unscrew the tip the threads broke off inside the burner so now its useless. I would not buy this product again in hind sight."
Disappointed with this product. It was a Christmas gift for my grandson and after only a few uses a tip got stuck in it. I tried to remove it with pliers and it twisted in half. Now the outer half is in the trash but the inner half is in the burner. Unable to use this anymore.
"I cannot change tips, if i use more force it'll break."
"Decent starter wood burning kit, works well"
I bought this to Stipple my AR-15 Magazines (P-Mags). Couldn't have worked any better. Highly recommend for marking polymer magazines.
