"I really like my new machine, singer 7258.  It is so quiet and the stitches are awesome compared to my cheap machine and my old singer touch and sew.  Love it, love it, loveit!"
"Best machine ever! Coming with 100 diffrent stitches, and the low price, I was a little scared the stitching would be bad. But with its pre-seted tension and stitch lenght, it did wonders. I posted a picture of 5 complex stitches on this site to help you make the decsion to get it or not."
"A great looking machine and for the price paid (new) and its quality, I am hoping that it lasts me better than the Brother project runaway given to me that I've owned for two years and it's broken twice. I'll be a proud owner of this Singer for a long while."
"I bought this machine because it had generally good reviews, I trust the Singer brand, and it was reasonably priced. We bought ours online at Costco.com for $145 rather than $180. As noted in the responses below, Costco may or may not be selling this item any more. They rotate products frequently so you'll just have to check for yourself.

My first impressions of this machine were that it was light, cute, clean, and didn't look too confusing. Being a novice sewer, I didn't want something that was going to confuse me too much. It took me a few minutes to figure out exactly how the bobbin tension worked but once I got the hang of that, it was cake. I like that the bobbin stops spinning when it's full. Because this machine is a little smaller than the one I learned on, I feel like the actual work space is a little constricted but it's still big enough for me to thread the needle easily and feed fabric through without a problem. My first project was a baby blanket so there was a lot of fabric and this machine handled it effortlessly. I like that the machine automatically retracts the needle when you take your foot off of the pedal, making it so I don't break my needle forgetting to lift it before removing my fabric. I love all of the different stitch options. It makes it easy for somebody like me, who still kind of sucks, to produce a fun, neat looking project.

The only disadvantage I see to this machine is that the pedal is plastic and so is the leaver that lifts the presser foot is plastic and feels a little cheap. It also came with a ""cover"" that's merely a piece of flimsy plastic film. My toddler tore it without much effort so that's a bummer. I'll be sewing a cloth one soon. Other than those things, I am in love with the machine. It came with all kinds of neat little goodies, like a seam ripper/brush, button hole makers, the automatic needle threader feature, etc. It's just fun. I feel like I want to sew random scraps because it's so much fun to try the different stitches.

Happy sewing!"
"The only negative thing I can say about this machine is this: It's so much better than my Singer Esteem II that I'm wondering just how much better an even more expensive Singer would have been. Now that I've realized how much fun a better-than-basic machine can be, I'm starting to covet the machines that will do even fancier stitches and do letters.

With that said, I didn't really need to spend more than I did on this machine. So, I'm perfectly happy!

1. The instruction manual is incredibly detailed. My basic Singer Esteem covered many features so briefly that I really didn't know what I was doing. The Stylist manual even goes so far as to explain many of the included 100 stitches. The machine is pretty self-explanatory to get setup if you've sewed before. But it's nice that any questions you have are probably in the manual and won't require a long Google search.

2. It sews VERY smoothly. And it's so much quieter than my old machine.

3. The option to have the needle stop up or down might not seem like a big deal - but it's SO convenient once you get used to it. I love it!

4. The slider to control the speed of the machine without the foot pedal also gives some speed control when the foot pedal is attached. Although my daughter is too young to sew now, I imagine that being able to limit the foot pedal's speed for a beginner will be a great plus. And when piecing together long strips of fabric, in particular, the ability to sew without the foot pedal attached is a nice luxury. I was afraid it would be scary and hard to stop. But the Start/Stop button is located in a very convenient place, making it easy to stop the machine with your finger that's feeding the fabric through.

5. The stitches are really pretty. To bring back up my old Singer Esteem II - it had some extra stitches that looked quite awful and I wondered why anyone would ever use them. I kind of expected that with this model too, but since I sew mostly children's clothing, it didn't matter a lot to me if anything but standard stitches worked. But I have been very pleasantly surprised. I've already found myself embellishing some items with the pretty choices.

6. Can you believe how many presser feet are included with this machine? Really, that alone is what sold me on it. I compared with other machines that offered all the other features except for the feet, and some were even more money. I'd never gotten to use a ruffler foot before this. No more sewing a long stitch and pulling to create my ruffle - the machine does it for me! I've been experimenting with the embroidery foot. They're all awesome.

7. The ONLY problem I've had with the machine is this: When I have the needle in the setting to end ""down"", and I stop and need to remove my fabric, and I turn the wheel to move the needle, the thread gets too tight (upper thread) and breaks as I pull my fabric out. I've found that the simple solution is to turn the need to the ""up"" position, do a quick backstitch, and the thread pulls with no problem.

8. I've had zero problems with the bobbin so far. It is super easy to load. It hasn't jammed (which my old machine did all the stinking time!). And, while the plastic cover over the bobbin compartment originally concerned me because of durability questions, I'm really liking being able to see how much bobbin thread I have left. In my old, front loading bobbin machine, I was always surprised to run out of bobbin thread....often after having sewn a very long time without it (a big pain). Now I can keep an easy eye on it without having to unthread it.

So that's it. I love this machine. If you can afford a much more expensive machine, like $500+, then get it. But if you're looking in the $190-$300 range, this one seems to be one of the best. And if you're just starting sewing, skip the $100 machines and just go straight for this model. It's affordable, and makes sewing seem easier because the machine just does what it should."
I absolutely love this machine! There are so many cool features. I can't pick just one that I love because there are so many that I could not sew without now.
"I cannot say enough about this machine, it is one of the best ones I have ever used, I have a $1000 Necchi and this one blows that one to bits. It is so smooth and Singer customer service, the best out there. They have almost every Singer sewing machine manual on their website available for a free download. Only Brother is another one to do that. I will not consider another brand because of their great staff. Do not hesitate to buy a Singer and this particular model is just wonderful. If, this is a comeback product for Singer, they are on the right track because sewing is coming back big time. People are sick of cheap clothes, and want quality. You can make your own custom outfits in no time with the new patterns out there. Give it a try!!!!!! You will not be sorry.
I am only disappointed that it does not have a lever to lower the feed dogs, you get a plastic plate to cover them, which can jump. I fixed that by using painters tape to hold it down and then it does not jump. Always make sure that you use the right size needle, ie. denim should be at least a #14 or #16, plus use a product called hump jumper or a jean a ma jig that lets you sew right over a heavy seam flawlessly. I also use a Brother SA 176 J foot that has a button on the side to hold the foot flat and it will do the same thing for heavy seams. It is a snap on foot and works fine with the Singer, most snap ons are universal. I have taught sewing for over 20 years, been sewing for over 50 years and am always looking for tools to make things easier."
"I was looking for a new sewing machine after leaving my Kenmore machine with my parents for my Mom to use.

I have had/used Kenmore brands in the past with no issues, so I started out searching for the next Kenmore. During my search the Singer stylist caught my attention. When comparing it to the Kenmore I was considering, it seems to offer a lot more stitch options than a Kenmore for the better price. So decided to give the Singer a try.

First impressions. It's quiet machine, it's small but sturdy. It does the stitches really well and so happy I don't have to worry about adjusting the tension control any more. I love the number of stitch options it offers and gives me the ability to be more creative.

It was very easy to start using, and the booklet has really good explanation to get you started.

The only set back I have so far is the foot press control. It's not as responsive/sensitive as the Kenmore I had before but its just something I will have to get used to.

Would be nice if it came with a solid cover instead of a plastic one.

Overall I would recommend it to anyone that is a starter or intermediate sewer."
I am not accurate when I sew quickly therefore I love the speed control feature.  Also I usually keep the needle auto position to stop in the fabric which Is great if I stop when I am removing pins. I also had to practice some but I think the zigzag stitch gives a very clean finish to seam allowances.  I have not worked with any lightweight fabric yet but I am hoping for same result.
First time using a sewing machine and all i did was read the directions and started slow. I didn't know it could be this easy.
The sewing machine works great
"I would have given it 5 stars since I like the machine so much. My issues with this model is its occasional delayed reaction time to the reverse button & foot pedal. Also, everytime I step a bit hard on the foot pedal to have a faster run, the bobbin slot makes sounds as if something is loose inside. But other than that, all is good. Already made 3 dresses & 2 headbands. Worth the money!"
Haven't tried it yet.  But it's exactly like the one at Joann's.
"<div id=""video-block-R2ZW5BR3LOZI88"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1j87%2BUoSGS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1vkCYgGKqS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I have had this machine for over a month now and have sewn various types of fabric and used several different stitches. They all work wonderfully! This is my first 'high tech' sewing machine, as in one with a screen. Does not disappoint! The only problems I have with it are just personal preferences, like to go backwards, it is a button and not a lever), and on some stitches it only does a locking stitch and doesn't go backwards. That and you have to use a screwdriver to change the needles. But almost all machines now are like this, so I'm fine with it! I have not found a need for the self sewing feature, but it works well and is a nice addition. Easily the best sewing machine I have ever owned or used.
Attached is a link to a case that fits well with this machine. There is enough extra room so that you can put the foot pedal and power cord next to the machine instead of having to cram it in. I got the case for sale at Joanns. Would recommend both the machine and the case!
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Singer-Universal-Hard-Carrying-Case-611-BR-for-Most-Free-Arm-Portable-Sewing-Machines/dp/B000WOM50W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Singer Universal Hard Carrying Case 611. BR for Most Free-Arm Portable Sewing Machines</a>"
"I bought this machine as a replacement for my 40 year old machine that died.  I was just going to use it to repair seams, etc. I ended up loving the way it performs that I attempted to start quilting. It is so smooth and very easy to wind bobbins and threading it so that sewing was a pleasure. My very first quilt ended up being a queen size on this small throat machine. It was a sight trying to roll the quilt so I could maneuver, but I did it."
Great sewing machine!  We're getting a lot of use out of it.
I love Singer! This machine runs smoothly.  Easy to operate.  So many stitches to choose from.  I only received it 2 days ago but I have been using it since it arrived!
EASY TO USE
I love this.  I am a beginning sewer and the auto tension and needle threading make sewing seemless.  Highly recommended.
My wife uses this for many things and she likes it a lot.
"I use this machine a few times a week to sew quilts. Did a lot of reading on inexpensive sewing machines before choosing this one.

Pros:
-It's cheap and therefore a great introductory machine.
-Lightweight
-There's a wide variety of stitches to choose from.
-The machine handles heavy fabrics with no issue.
-Instructions were thorough and easily understood.

Cons:
-Cheaply made. I had a part break off the drawer. Don't know how that happened, but now when I'm sewing, half the sewing bed is loose.
-The reverse stitch button sticks. I read up on it elsewhere and that's apparently a common issue with this model.
-The pedal sensitivity is hit or miss. I've fully pressed on it and had the sewing machine not engage.
-The automatic needle threader sticks. Not sure if this is a widespread issue, but it's happened to me on numerous occasions."
Love it! Good for beginners
"Be careful if you purchase this!  Right out of the box, this was emitting an ""E2"" error code while trying to thread a bobbin.  The manual does NOT have this code listed which is so weird.  I searched all over Google for a solution and after trying everything, nothing worked.  Some of the solutions where needing to send it in for repair which I won't do on something brand new!

Unfortunately I threw out the box and will need to either pay UPS to repackage it (they quoted me $20-$40) or figure out how to get this machine packed tightly and securely on my own dime.  Now I'm losing money on this broken machine.

I probably just received a faulty product and I was definitely attracted to all the positive reviews on here before making my decision but definitely SAVE YOUR BOX in case you need to return!

Now accepting recommendations on a better machine or brand."
I absolutely love this machine! It is very user friendly and does most of the hard work for me. Easy to set up. Easy to maintain. Excellent price.
Very easy  & simple to use.
"It is still in the box - I have not had the time to pull it out, therefore I do not feel it advisable to try to rate the product, It will be a while due to a busted lt shoulder rotator cuff."
Prompt delivery. Reasonable price. Product exactly as described.
"I have not sat at a sewing machine for over 50 years, but through the education sent along with videos, I was sewing in less than an hour! So far, I have made several pillow covers and thrilled to take up a new hobby in my retirement!"
"I was given this machine as a gift in November 2017. I used it for approximately two months when I got a C4 error. The machine would not work at all even after cleaning and rethreading. The time had passed when we could return the machine to Amazon so I contacted Singer Customer Service. I had to pay to have the machine shipped to a service center, which I was told the wrong center. After two months of hearing nothing. I contacted singer and was informed that the machine could not be fixed and it was returned to me. After contacting customer service again, I was given a mailing label to ship the machine to a new service location. I heard nothing from them for another 2 months then my machine showed up at me door. I began to use the machine but after one quilt top it gave me the same error again. I contacted Singer and they are replacing the machine and sending me a label to return the damage machine. I like the way the machine functions when it will work. Heres hoping the new on isn't a lemon too."
"So disappointed, I opened up the packaging to find all broken parts and missing pieces necessary for function of the machine. I can't use it and will send it back, very unfortunate."
Great sewing machine. Bought it for my wife and she loves it. Excellent
Love this machine - just what I needed with not too much extra.
"I love the needle threading feature; it's so helpful! I'm taking a beginner's sewing/quilting class, and this machine is perfect for what I need to do.  Friends of mine do more advanced quilting and they use the same machine.  Overall, it's definitely a great product. My only complaint is that it came with a pretty flimsy fabric cover."
I love my new sewing machine!!!
This machine has worked great for me so far! I reccomend!
"My machine already broke less than a year from moderate use. I didn't expect this to happen. The bobbin thread no longer catches. Now, I have to pay to have it repaired because I didn't get insurance. If you can invest in a more expensive machine."
Very nice sewing machine. Already have repaired a pair of jeans on my first try
CAME VERY QUICK IN PERFECT CONDITION.  LOVE IT. EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED.
I just opened this box with machine in it but it did not have any accessories with it. Apparently the box had been opened and those parts were taken. I am very disappointed.
"Prefect machine until the bobbin case popped past the spring less than two months after I purchased the machine. Never worked correct again. Bobbin kept popping out and jamming the machine  Singer customer service was difficult to deal with.  They Would not answer emails, nor Would they fulfill the warranty."
"Love my Singer Stylist. I have had it almost a year now. Have sewn many projects with it. Love the way it handles, the needle threader, and t
he speed control feature (great for teaching kids to sew)."
"I love this machine. It's the 2nd one I've purchased. Easy to use, portable, sturdy. Not for extra heavy fabric, but I've used it for light/medium weight  leather and denim and it worked great. My first machine has about 10,000 miles on it (it's 8 years old) so I got a back up. I didn't even think twice, I knew I wanted the exact same machine. I sew mainly cotton, canvas, denim, and vinyl... always have good results. A+"
"I paid full price for this machine and I am very unhappy with it's performance. Unfortunately I did not try it out before the return date elapsed. A local sewing machine repair shop whom I paid, diagnosed this sewing machines as having multiple defects. Today is my third attempt/ appeal for help to the sell er, SingerCo. Their first two answers were basically to placate me into using a sewing machine repair shop"
"This is my first sewing machine and I am surprised how easy it was to get started.
For my second project I was able to sew a dress for my baby girl already.
Very intuitive use and the instruction manual is well structured.
Has basic necessary stitches as well as many cute decorative stitches.
Would recommend!"
"Was a gift, she loves it and uses often."
"Hello,
I used this sewing machine for the first time in my sewing class that started this evening and it does not work at all.  I was not able to use it at all in a class that I also paid for!!!  I purchased this specifically for my class and it is without a doubt unable to be used out the box, I am devastated!  The description deceiving, my very first bad experience. I need a replacement please ASAP!"
"This machine was sewing well enough but then after only 3 months of use, a little metal piece came out of the machine as I was sewing and then the machine didn't do any other fancy stitches after that so I had to work with amazon to get a refund because it was past the returnable date and was clearly defective"
I absolutely love love love love this machine!! It's the greatest!!
Broke right away
This is a beautiful machine that does not wven turn on.  Very disappointed.  Followed all instructions.  Tried two different outlets.  Nothing....  very disappointing....  now I need to package everything back up and bring in to a drop off and start all over again....
Great machine and very user friendly.
"Too much trouble with the bobbins.  Nesting was terrible.  I traded it in on a Janome.  Now, it is great!"
I'm a beginner and this machine is great. Easy to use. Easy to thread.
"Its not a bad machine. But, it gets stuck a lot during work. It is because its not very powerful."
"This machine rocks! It came with a LOT of extra feet. Ive completed three quilts since Ive purchased this machine. It has many extra stitches that are easy to program. The price was excellent, the lowest of any around. Im one happy camper. Sew on!"
"This machine is great for regular sewing. I pieced a complicated quilt top with perfect scant 1/4 seams by setting the needle position to 6 and following the edge of the foot. Now, I wanted to freehand quilt it, except I cant. Why? Because Singer decided to NOT allow you to change 2 basic things necessary for freehand quilting. 1) you cant drop your feed dogs. Instead, you have to put a darning cover over them, which leaves you with a raised hump that affects the second thing- 2) you can NOT loosen the pressure on your presser foot. So, to try and freehand, you are fighting against your presser foot mashing against the fabric, and its twice as tight because your plate is now higher against it from the darning plate over the feed dogs!
Dumbest purchase I ever made. Who would have thought they would take these crucial adjustments away? Jeez! What? Did Apple buy Singer??"
"Love love this machine! My old machine is 23 years old and I thought it was fine, but wanted something updated. Now I don't think my old machine was fine at all. Smooth sewing, easy threading and you can see how much thread is left on the bobbin. Stitches are even no matter the speed, a problem I had before."
"I have to say, this machine would not advance or reverse if even the slightest bump existed in the fabric.  We called singer, they gave us a ticket number and told us to return it to Amazon."
"Great machine, wife loves it more than the Heavy Duty 4411."
It's ok...definitely an upgrade from what I had.
"After some research we decided to purchase the Singer 7258 which replaced our old tired worn-out 1980's Montgomery Wards sewing machine. I bought this machine for my wife as I was tired of here swearing every time she tried to sew something. We unboxed the sewing machine together and followed the quick setup guide. All I have to say is WOW!.

I've never sewed before but I've used this machine within the last month to sew some appliance covers, a half round curtain, tool holders, repair on a windbreaker jacket. My wife has made several pairs of PJ's and some blankets and I'm not hearing her swear any more. She loves it and I have to say the same.

Since I'm a rookie sewer writing this review here's what I like and don't like.

Pro:
- light weight compared to our old machine
- many many stitch options
- easy to select the stitch type, width, length via push button
- the printing and directional arrows on the machine to help guide you to properly threading the machine for sewing and bobbin winding.
- needle threader
- like the clear bobbin cover so you can see how much thread remains.
- the option for having the needle to stop at the top of the stroke or in the material for easy rotation

Con:
- The automatic needle threader really isn't automatic as there is some mechanical action on the user but is easy to do and the function that the machine performs really does pull the thread through the needle. Once you've done it a few times it's a piece of cake."
Great machine for a novice like me. It has lots of features I hope to use as my skills improve.
I bought this sewing machine in 2011 and it is still as good as new.  I have not had any problems at all with this machine.
I have been sewing for more than 50 years. This is the worst machine I have ever used. Missed the return date or they would have had it back. Don't waste your money on this.
"it was a gift to my daughter, she is very pl;eased.  thank you joann"
Should have bought a Singer instead of a Brother machine to begin with. Good quality machine. I started sewing on a Singer 57 years ago.
I just got this today and Ive been playing around with and I  absolutely love it  I haven't tried all the foots that came with it but I did test out a lot of the different  stitches  and they came out great cant wait to start making my baby items its  definitely worth the price
"So good of a replacement for my old
 One touch machine"
Very nice and easy to use. Many YouTube tutorials on how to use the various functions.
"Ugh, love this machine!!!! <3"
Really nice.
Works really well but the needles break off really easy.
Great product!
Good
Wonderful !!
I love how is it so easy to sew on this machine. The easy threader is a plus and the all those design.
Easy to use! Ive never operated a sewing machine prior and was sewing my first night. A good variety of decorative stitches. Has option for push button start/stop which is great for those with kids and dogs that step on pedal. Does not come with a walking foot for quilting but that is my only complaint.
"Easy to use, not heavy duty enough, like when working on blue jeans"
This inexpensive Singer machine is a great basic sewing machine.  The needle always stops in the up position - no more adjusting with the wheel every time you stop.  It also has the automatic threader. I also like the clear cover on the bobbin holder so you can see if you are running out of thread.  This machine makes it even more fun to sew.
"This could be a good inexpensive sewing machine, but the belt comes off very easily.  I took it to repair shop, $35.00 to get it put back on.  The belt came off again due to hitting a pin.  We tried to do it ourselves, and you have to remove every screw and nearly take the entire housing off to get to it. It currently is unusable after very little use.  I hate this machine because of this problem!"
"Thank you, I received a very quickly and very happy on this product"
So easy to use for someone who hasn't sewn since HS Home Ec class!
Got this for my Girlfriends B-day last year. She likes it a lot and it does all kinds of stitches. Have not had one problem with it since getting it :D
"Purchased an Amazon warehouse deal -- used like new, just with damaged packaging. Well, not so sure about that. I could not get the auto bobbin threader to work. At all. I kept receiving an E2 error. I looked up more to see if I could fix the issue, and turns out I am not the only one who's had this issue....even with a machine that was brand new out of the box and the box looked like it had never been opened so they couldn't have been duped either right? Anyway, I was able to restart the machine enough times to get the bobbin some bit of thread to get the one sewing project I needed to have done before returning, plus wanted to see if it was just the threader...seemed to be just the auto bobbin...Otherwise I liked the machine. If only there wasn't an issue with the bobbin."
"I opened the box and WOW!  I researched, I knew what I wanted and I actually got a hands-on at a store before purchasing this particular machine.  Right from the first time I saw it, I loved it and now that I have sewn with it non-stop for 3 hours, I LOVE IT!  I have a Kenmore 24 stitch that I still use, this was a gift to myself for starting up my quilting hobby once again.  I have the time and patience now to learn on a computerized machine and nothing fancy!  Happy sewing, I am loving my gift to myself, the Singer Stylist 7258 Computerized Sewing Machine.  Oh did I mention 100 built-in stitches?!"
"This is a very nice sewing machine. It works real good an when I ordered the singer 7258 sewing machine it came on time, that's what's up. I'm in a sewing class and I'm learning so much with this sewing machine. I'm  Satisfied."
"Tried to use it first time yesterday and sadly only after the return window has closed and my trouser that I was hemming is just stuck in the machine--too scared to pull it out as it will break the needle and/or delicate parts of the machine. Tried getting in touch with Singer and no use as they kept me on hold forever before the line got disconnected.
  Even after about 6 month's now, Singer has not responded to my questions for help -- Poor Customer Service from the company-- they do not value the customers because of whom they are making money."
"Darn!  Did it again!  I wrote my review of this Machine under the Cover I got for it.  Not going to repeat it all again but if you look up ""Singer Sewing Machine 611. BR Universal Hard Carrying Case"" you will see my review of this Sewing Machine.  Please look it up!  This Machine is worth every penny and more!  Hit of Christmas for our daughter!!!"
"I bought this machine about two years ago. I still love it! Ive been sewing quilts the past year and it seems no matter what I try it just keeps chugging along!  Ive had no problems whatsoever with the machine.
I was delighted to find out the manual and many other things are on YouTube!! Very easy to learn on and very dependable!
The only feature I wish it had is the button to automatically cut thread."
Where do I start. I have had nothing but trouble with this machine. Needle threader one works once in a while. Sometimes the machine will not recognize that I have the footpedal attached even if I turn it off and on and I have to use this start stop button which I dislike. Bobbin winder is very difficult to use and often fouls up. Some of the decorative stitches Arent uniform. I cant wait to get rid of this machine and get a brother. Consumer digest really let me down this time. Also I have found that it only works with midweight fabrics and will not stay stitch denim or heavy fabric whatsoever.
"Upon purchase, this product was on sale which promptly earased all the second thoughts I was having on this investment. Even though, this itself seems like the highlight of the transaction-Im happy to say that the merchandise was delievered in perfect condition and at an orderly time. Now get this, upon reading all the pamphlets and documentations that come with the machine, I came across the warranty claim. Singer really knows how to take care of their customers! They offer warranty on basically all parts of the contraption if broken. I couldn't ask for a better experience, thank you."
"I bought this as a step up from my very basic Pfaff. I didn't want to have to turn 3 -- 5 dials to change every stitch and I wanted some additional decorative stitch options. I found this as a Warehouse Deal for $137 and took a risk.
Absolutely Love This Machine! The box was a little beat up but the machine and all parts were in new condition. I watched the Singer tutorials on you tube and was ready to try it the instant it arrived. It came with an instructional DVD and a large, easy to read instruction manual. I was blown away by how much better it worked than my previous machine. I can now sew things faster and more elaborately than I was able to before. Highly recommend this machine."
gave as a present
"1 YEAR WARANTEE! $90 fixit fee b/c of a broken needle that caused ""the timing"" to go off and the bobbin to not work. The warranty expired at a year and I was 6 weeks late. I have used Singer machines for 45 years with  NEVER any problems until NOW---b/c it is computerized. The fix it fee was more than half of what I paid for the machine and so I'm using my ""fixit"" fee to find a non-computerized machine."
"Previously, I had Brother Sewing machine and I had problems right from day one. But Singer  7258 is an awesome buy in 2017 and my family loves it!!"
I love love love my sewing machine. Ive had it about a month now and I use it quite a bit. Its so easy to use.
"I purchased a Singer because my mom still has my grandmothers machine from forever ago. I love the machine itself however after using it about 3 times it began pulling the fabric into the area where the bobbin is and then the tension was wacko. I forgot I had bought the service protection plan so I brought it into the local repair shop and they just did a general check-up and repair. I was right the tension was off but it shouldn't have been as it's a brand new Machine (purchased Nov 9, 2017. When I went to pick it up they said that it was set at a fairly high tension from the factory. Now I'm a beginner sewer but I find it odd that the tension is set high as you should be able to adjust it as needed for the density of the fabric. It's currently set at one and not even on auto. I was able to find the info on the warranty plan I purchased and registered it (finally) and will update my review once I hear from them."
So far so good with this machine. I recommend
Great machine
Love it!
"Fairly easy to figure out as a complete beginner sewer.  The directions to thread the needle and bobbin could be a little more clear, and the DVD that accompanies the machine isn't written for this exact model.  Good overall info, but had to YouTube to answer my specific question.  Very pleased with how well the machine works, the different stitch choices, and the number of presser feet that came with the package."
This sewing machine is so Awesome! I absolutely love it!
"My old Singer died and it was cheaper to buy this than to fix. Im so pleased with this!  Its SO easy to use, so lightweight. Really happy. Love that I can see through to the bobbin"
haven't sewed in awhile. This is so easy to use. Love it. Sewing is relaxing and I missed it but no longer. Enjoy using
"I have only used this machine for a couple of months (sewing time equals maybe 3 hours) and it already has problems. The bobbin is constantly jamming and the timing went out. Had to research how to correct the timing and it still is not sewing. I am out of luck on returns. Ordered in October and the return window is closed. NOT HAPPY! I've been sewing for 40 years and have not been so frustrated. I am going back to my Necchi machine from 1960. It works, but without all the fancy computer problems. Singer used to be a good choice - what happened?"
WE ALWAYS HAD A SINGER MACHINE AND I MADE MANY DRESSES / QUILTS ON THEM.  HAD A RICAR ONCE  WHICH WAS TERRIBLE AND DIDN'T LAST LONG.  WENT BACK TO SINGER MACHINES.
I was wanting something simple to mend things or quick projects. This fit the bill. Fully satisfied. The stitches are nice and I love that the tension is automatic.
Had this for 5 years. Still going strong with no problems. Amazing sewing machine.  My real seamstress friends love it after borrowing it and bought one for themselves.
OMG-  Love this ;machine.  Thank you Singer
"I called a very knowledgeable freind to ask her opinion on which sewing machine to buy, the Singer or the Brother, she studied the two thoroughly and recommendations this Singer for many reasons.
My wife LOVES IT!
And I love the price!"
Having fun with this machine however there were no spool pins or spool pin caps included in the package and I do not see anyplace to purchase them.
Love it.
Great product and fast shipment.
My 3rd time using it and I can't get rid of the E4 code as soon as its on.  Took it to Singer specialist and nothing is wrong just and Error that went go away!  What is up?  What can I do?
"These machines were purchased for adult daughters who have expressed an interest in learning to sew. The reviews on this model of Singer were a factor in choosing it - how nice to find a versatile basic machine with 100 computerized stitches including a satin stitch which makes monogramming and embroidery possible. This model was priced competitively! Singer was selected because of the many Singer sewing centers which make for easy access to any needed repairs and where sewing classes are readily available.  I have three Singer machines: one bought in 1970 which I still use and enjoy, a 1930''s era Singer in a cabinet that belonged to my grandmother which remains a joy to use and a treadle machine that sews the nicest top stitching of any of these three. The treadle has bunches of attachments I still want to learn to use and am hoping I can find assistance with this now that I am retired and have time to learn - maybe at a Singer Sewing Center!"
"This sewing machine has helped me step up my sewing talents! It is so easy to use and very functional. I love love love the eye threader attachment that cones with this machine.

Its easy enough for a beginner to learn on but gets more advanced for people who need a little more."
Very good entry level machine
"I've only used it once but I love it so far.  As soon as it was delivered, I took it out of the box to finish a quilt I had been working one.  My previous sewing machine died with just a few rows to go on my rag quilt.  It's lighter than my previous machine- a basic Kenmore sewing machine.  I don't have a lot of experience using a sewing machine.  Basically, I just sew on patches for my husband's work uniform and make rag quilts.  This machine was very easy to use and figure out and it handle the many layers of flannel that I had to sew like a champ.  I also love how the needle always stops in the up position.  (You can set it to stop in the down position with a button also).  The only thing I wasn't able to figure out was the automatic needle threader.  I followed the directions but felt like i wasn't able to do some of the things it said because it would break- the things wouldn't turn like it said they should.  I'm sure it's a very easy thing to do- i just had trouble with it and threaded it myself.  I was kind of suprised that it didn't come with a little screw driver.  I had to use the one from my old machine to attach my walking foot."
"Well actually I have not used this yet.  With 100 different stitches and a whole new design, I have been put off.  I've watched the DVD and it is complicated.  Youtube has a lesson I will look at again.  Crazy two years later still sitting there.  Goal this 2018 is to just do it!"
"This is a great and diverse sewing machine.  I doubt I'll ever use all of the embroidery stitches available, but because it's such a sturdy machine, it's exactly what I was looking for, as someone who only sews crafts and toys.  The only down side, thus far, is that you have to scroll through the entire selection of stitches to set the one you want, which means that if you want to set it to stitch number 50, you have to scroll through 49 before you get to it."
"I order 110V by mistake, as I plugged it in 220V I heard a sound and that's it. Any idea how can I fix this? I even not sure what happened!"
Great machine
"It arrived on time and properly packed.
My first sewing machine and I am happy with it.
Easy to use."
I literally ordered this years ago for my wife and she is still using it today. Great piece of machinery solid construction and easy to use.
Fully featured and tons of supporting videos on youtube. Price was fantastic for all the neat things this machine will do.
Very easy to use love this machine
sewing machine is so nice and the stitches are very smooth
I gave 2 as gifts and both recipients loved them.
"So far, it seems to be a good machine for a basic sewer like myself. It's easy to use and understand and best of all it has a needle threader which is a life-savor for my poor eyes!"
"Great machine, but the main reason why I bought it: the self-threader is a piece of sh*t.  Hard to figure out how to use it, and when you try to figure it out, it will snap and break in two.  CRAP on the self-threader."
amazing value! Wonderful machine!
"I am on my 2nd machine.  Luckily, I was able to return the first one back to Sears as an exchange
2nd machine is having same problem as first and only option is to ship to TN for repair.  I do very simple sewing, a blanket here or there.  I would not purchase this model at all.  Looking for new machine again ...."
"does a nice job, good price!"
Too difficult to thread!!!  I wish I still had my old sewing machine from my grandmother.  It was a Singer from the 1960s and was so simple to use.
Great machine and love the dvd to help
I waited a year to post a review on this particular item to make sure that it held up to her using it for a year we have had no problems and it is well worth the money
Love it.
Just okay.  I like the older version for reverse.  I don't like the way that this reverse works.  I just can't get used to it.  But other than that it works fine.  Quiet.  Smooth.
works great
"So please so far. I don't sew often but the few times I have it has worked well!  Easy set up, easy threading of the needle and bobbin. Very pleased."
This thing works awesome and i had no skill other than ripping my scrub pants. Now i can put them together. So many stitching options. Easy to use. Easy to set up. Perfect machine for a novice or intermediate.
I Love this machine. All my stitches come out perfect every time with the automatic tension!
Easy to use even for a newbie.
Love this sewing machine! Im a beginner and have made a couple things so far and am loving it! Very easy to use!
I bought this one and it is not working at all after 10 days onwards and there is no warranty store near by my place and went to warranty store in Texas area and they changed again bobbin case had a blemish which was catching the thread every time it tried to form the stitch. Please don't buy this one.
"I absolutely love this machine. I consider myself an intermediate beginner and I can do a lot with this. ive had mine for 3.5 years now and still going strong including multiple quilts, baby items, and small fix sews."
"Ive had this for years now. This is such an easy machine to work on. Simply, it just works. The self adjuster makes this super easy. If I get a snag or a tangle I just rethread the bobbin and needle and poof. Im off to crafting. Its such a simple usage that I had it in my classroom and was able to make tiny simple crafts with kids as young as 7! They were excited and impressed."
Absolutely love!
"Excelente mquinas, cose de todo"
Amazing machine.
"Im so glad I got this on amazon prime day, watched a YouTube video how to set it up and. Ow I use it at least twice a week"
Silly me didn't check the q&a portions to this listing. I just saw the online manual and spotted a faint European plug and thought mine would come with both plug options. Didn't read up enough and promptly fried this beautiful machine plugging this 110v into my local 240v socket. Money I threw into the storm.
amazing
plastic machine broke in 6 weeks .hassle to get repair done .soory I bought it
The Bobbin keeps binding up. Something is catching. There is a malfunction. I don't use it that much. It says its under warranty for a year. Nowhere van I find a way to contact the seller
A very nice machine. Lots of stitches to chose from and easy to operate.
"This is my second machine and as a newbie apparel sewer I love this machine.  My most favorite feature is the maximum speed lever, no matter how much you press on foot peddle it will only go so fast.  Also comes with a good supply of different feet.  Also like the manual it comes with giving clear instructions on purposes and technique.  One drawback was that the CD it comes with did not play so went online and found on you tube."
Love this machine
"I had this exactly 1 year before it broke down on me.
I purchased this as a beginner sewing machine to do some basic things, and eventually planned to take lessons once ready to move on. I had purchased this through Walmart at the time since it was cheaper, and thankfully got their 2 - year protection plan.
When i first got the machine, the little plastic tab from the bobbin cover broke immediately.
Depending how quickly i sewed or what material was used, the machine would make this horribly loud clanking/rattle noise, and it freaked me out each time where i would go slower because i was afraid it meant impending doom if i kept going at that speed.
Even as a beginner i found things that were annoying and not helpful to me, i.e. i wish the needle remained down when i stopped (so i can pivot my turns better) instead of take the extra step to turn the knob each time, or angled to make perfect circles or turns for certain projects.
Finally last month as I was winding my bobbin and then something popped, still don't know what in the world happened, but i couldn't for the life of me get the bobbin out. I finally ended up breaking the bobbin itself, lost that thread and tried again. Second bobbin got stuck and this time when i pulled it out, the ENTIRE ROD popped out the machine, and now my Singer is useless.
I am not a manhandling beast, i am a 5 ft tall little woman that was semi-fearful of using a sewing machine but wanted to do projects for my toddler daughter. I treated it with fear and respect because i didn't know much of sewing outside of what my lovely sister in law taught me. If none of the damage issues had occurred, the machine would have been great for simple fun projects.
I had done basic hemming, created quiet books made of felt, and pillows with this machine before it decided to leave me. That's it. It felt and sounded cheap. It has turned me off from Singer now. I have since replaced it with a Brother SE400 and omg it is like night and day. It doesn't yell at me or sound like there are loose parts inside, it's very very quiet (yay! since i'm now expecting #2 next month and was hoping to finish some Christmas projects while baby napped), and extremely easy to use. Still got the insurance since I was scared i had bad mojo with sewing machines but i think this one will last a long time. Good luck if you do get the Singer and I sincerely hope it doesn't cause any issues for you as it had for me."
had it for a day. the bobbin got stuck on the winding spindle. Returned.
This is a great basic starter sewing machine.  It is perfect for light to moderate use.
She loves it.  Works fine.
"THE FASTEST SHIPPING I HAVE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE! I am in Amazon Prime and I was expecting it by tomorrow and it arrived today, within less than 24 hours. It looks amazing and works even better! Thank you so much!"
Awesome machine and excellent buy!  Surprising little machine for the price!
"I go sewing machine for the sake of sewing jeans, I did so while filtering the aspects on Amazon for a heavy duty and jean sewing able machine. the machine works great for just about everything except jeans. Don't get me wrong, it does jeans; you basically have to not sew certain parts, avoid bunches and bumps and or try to sew around edges. Once again, great for about EVERYTHING EXCEPT HEAVY DUTY which is what I bought it for.

I am not going to return the item since it great for shirts and blazes through most light work but if you make the mistake of filtering and finding this machine for anything pertaining to heavy duty, do you self a favor and just get either a powerful serger or find a nice specialty heavy duty machine which will cost you no less then about 300 dollars.

TLDR;
Great machine for everything except jeans or heavy-duty projects."
I love this machine!!!  It makes sewing so very easy and professional looking.  I have no complaints whatsoever.
I love this machine and would buy it again.
"Works good. I like how small it is, but, sturdy."
"I love my new Singer sewing machine I just bought after my 40yr. old metal Brother (with 4000+ hours used) gave up.  I've already sewn dozens of holiday items and love the 100 different stitch options.  I'll be delighted if I get half the life use I did from my Brother. So far, everything has worked great and I highly recommend this Singer."
"I really like this machine, it is done so good, it can even thread a needle itself! Has a lot of options, different styles of sticking, you can sew like a pro!"
good for home use
It is perfect!  It arrived exactly on time.
"This machine I really should have sent back. Nothing but problems.
So sorry I didn't keep the first one I ordered. This one sucks.
Way to go Singer. Get more crap from CHINA."
Perfect!
This is an awesome machine for its size. The performance is consistent and well balanced. Lots of bang for the buck!
Love this machine. Having fun trying out new stitches.
"YES, IT works like a charm. So far, so good and I really like it a lot.  Have used it a few times for my ""projects""  Really good machine and excellent deal / great value.  It does a lot of things fairly easy that not too many others do, well worth the small investment.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a decent machine at a great price.  Go for it, you won't regret it.  Great deal for sure."
Love it.  Easy to learn and sews nicely.
To be honest I waiting to find time to try it out. Looks good.  :)
Easily broken company refuse to honor warranty
Mom was happy & immediately used it.
"Smooth, easy to figure out except the auto thread it just wouldn't move the way it was supposed to.  I may have done something wrong ( I don't think so). It ended up breaking."
love this thing....very easy to use
I absolutely LOVE this machine. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the little doohickey that is supposed to help you thread the needle  doesn't work at all so you have to thread it all by yourself. Not a big deal but my vision isn't what it used to be and I had hoped the doohickey would help.
"Be for you buy any singer machine , find out where the closest warranty shop is . lm near to San Francisco and la is the closest shop to me . cost lessto have it fixed locally .shipping. For repair cost more than original purchace price. Warranty is useless"
"I'm brand new to sewing and I've loved this machine. I've made a couple of small items (pillowcases, etc) as well as one big project (rag quilt) and it's worked wonderfully! I've found it very easy to use and it does a great job, even through 6 layers of flannel!"
Amazing
"Piece of junk, I used it for one month and it needed $125 in repairs"
"Just getting started with my new machine.  I replaced  my 50 yr. old Singer with this one.  The videos on the Singer website are super helpful regarding getting started instructions.  Just a word to the wise.......check the slide on arm for the accessories!  They are well hidden and if you miss Page 6 of your manual, you might think they didn't send them.  I have practiced 60 of the stitches so far and they are awesome!  Oh and I ordered on a Monday night and received my machine Wed. morning. I'm a happy camper so far."
"I am new to sewing and this was a nice, complete, and cost effective way to enter into it. Directions easy to understand. I bought it to repair sports equipment (straps/velcro) and it did a great job. Happy with this."
Great. Buy
I love this
Works great my granddaughter are learning together
"I am still learning how to use it.  Since there are Singer shops all,ove, it would be useful to give introductory lessons with the purchase of a machine."
My daughter was very excited to make her first big purchase.  We have had it 2 weeks and it has a major issue.  The thread bunches up under the fabric.  It resulted in an E6 error.  We followed all the directions and now we have to find a repair shop to fix it.  This is a bad situation.  Now I'm off to find a repair shop.
E
"Amazing, easy to use."
"Great machine for the price (bought during Prime Day) and perfect for the beginner or intermediate sewer as it is easy and intuitive to learn to use. It is a very hefty machine with a pretty stitch. The one critique I have is that the presser foot seems to move the fabric toward the left. I have not used it enough to know if this is just a quirk or if it is user incompetence! However, it certainly has not been deal-breaker for me."
"Many functions at reasonable price.
Works great without any problem even in 220V supply (with 220/110V converter, of course)"
"I love this sewing machine.  I am a fairly basic sewer and started out with a very basic machine.  After using that one for a few years, I was ready to upgrade to a better machine and found this one on Prime day.  I couldn't believe the price for such a nice machine and it works beautifully.  It's very easy to use, sews beautifully and I love the way you load the bobbin which was a big negative issue on my previous machine."
Love this machine! Saved me when my other machine kept locking up and I had sew much more to do!
"this machine has so many wonderful features. I love the needle threader. no more squinting trying to thread the needle. It makes buttonholes a breeze, especially on tailored shirts that have so many of them. I've sewn a variety of fabrics, from rayon and silk, to upholstery, and it does a beautiful job. This is the first machine I've used that has electronic stitch changing, and it's so easy to use. Most of all, Amazon offers this machine at a very affordable price. other sites advertised it at almost double the price compared to Amazon's price. I would highly recommend this machine."
"I absolutely love this machine.  I upgraded from a very old and basic Kenmore.  Switching between stitches is super easy and it comes with some fun and decorative ones!

The reverse button and needle position button sold me.  I looked at the same machine at Joann Fabric, except it was supposedly for quilting and way more expensive.  Very happy!"
Love my machine!!!
I really like it.
Great machine.  Works great (I'm a quilter).
Great machine.
 Love this sewing machine!
love the many options
My daughter loves it!
These boots are perfect for my perp.  The heel is the right height!
"I always thought I hated to sew, but it turns out I just hated my sewing machine. This machine is the new love of my life! From the adjustable speed to the clear bobbin cover and crazy amounts of stitch choices. Then there's the ridiculous price!!! Bottom line... if your current machine is just sew-sew don't hesitate to buy this one right here!"
Easy to use machine for a brand new beginner like me
"Amazing machine, voted  the best and Amazon has the lowest pricing!"
I taught myself to sew on this machine over the summer. It is a super fun user friendly machine. Pretty much ready to go out of the box. Lots of extras and tons of different stitches
Easy to use... no issues. Wonderful stitching
For the price - this is the perfect starter sewing machine. Very nice stitch quality and easy to use.
Wife has been very happy with the new sewing machine. I'm waiting for lessons. 
Thanx
"The machine is light in weight and fun to use.  You have to practice using the auto threader, but then it works great."
Very happy with the machine. Easy to use...many stich choices...so much automatic. It is a pleasure.
Very good machine.
Works great. sews almost anything. I bought this particular machine because it had good reviews and was not disappointed.
"Do not use it as often as in a past, but working fine all the time. Many functions, though I will try them all, but not so much time. Anyway, for sewing it is great"
"Received in excellent condition, being shipped all the way to Saudi Arabia.
I used it already few times, BUT, I am trying to figure out why it jams and ticks or clicks every time I start using it and gives an error code.!!!!!! which I can't remember now.

If anyone reads this and has the same problem or has a solution! please reply back to this post."
power connection port broke after 2 years.
"Very nice machine, I haven't used it much yet but so far I like it, It runs very nice and smooth.
The auto needle thread is very hard (It took a long time to thread).
The speed control and the needle up/down function are really nice features.
It arrived very fast and in perfect condition."
"I usually do not write reviews about the products I buy, but I had to write one on this sewing machine I just got today.  The last Singer I bought was over 25 years ago, it finally quit working.  So I spent about 4 hours looking at sewing machines and reviews on Amazon.  I was between a Brother, with 100 different stitches, and the Singer that I bought.  Of course, I went with the Singer, part of the reason is that it was a heavier machine, 19 lbs verses the Brother which was 9.9 lbs.  I haven't even watched the DVD yet, but was able to figure out how to thread it and thread the bobbin with the easy to follow instructions.  One thing that really impressed me was this, the tension, stitch length, and needle position is automatically adjusted when you decide which stitch you use.  The machine is so easy to use!  You can also adjust the speed of the machine.  I am so impressed with this machine!  The only problem I have is figuring out what my next project is.  The only thing I think is does not do is monogram, but I still am figuring out how to use it, so it may do that too.  I am 50 years old and have been sewing since I was 13.  I am not much of a seamstress, but I have managed to make quilts and many dresses.  It is so nice to have a computerized machine where I am not constantly adjusting tension, like I use to o my Mom's Montgomery Ward machine which is 40 years old.  This is one of the best purchases I made.  It also comes with a 25 year warranty, like all the other Singers and the Brother machines too.  I hope this review helps whom ever reads it.  I spent 4 hours looking for a machine on line and reading all the reviews.  It is a big commitment when you like to sew.  It is nice to sew without frustration of the machine jamming up."
Love it's quite and easy to use I'm glad I pick this one over the others.
"My son bought this for his girlfriend's birthday....she loved it!  But be aware, the box it comes in, IS THE SINGER BOX!  I can't believe they do this, since people just drive by and steal delivered packages!  AND, it would have blown the surprise had she seen the box on the front porch!"
very hard to use not enough room between needle and body of machine for bulky items foe sale to highest bidder went back to my brother
"I've only used it one time, but its sturdy and does the job.  I've sewed a lot, but this is a new machine with new buttons and gadgets to learn... I do have to say I had to look at the quick start guide to even get it threaded.  I will probably at some point watch the video for it,  but I think once figured out it will be great.  There are a bunch of different feet and stitches to play with. I did a couch cushion for my first project.  Had a great grip and no problem with heavier fabric or thread (I used a heavy duty needle with it, which was easy to change out). I plan to do curtains, pillows and little dresses or shirts for my daughter soon."
I replaced a (still good) Singer machine with this one with 100 stitches. This is a great machine; up and running out of the box in under 1/2 hr! Tried a bunch of the fun stitches and they were beautiful!
very nice
"Last year I started an exciting project to learn how to sew and after my research in the internet I ordered this machine. I must say I feel very comfortable using the machine. It is light and easily stored, even if you don't have too much space in your home. It is trustworthy and provides a variety of tools and patterns for sewing which I enjoyed very much. I still experiment a lot when I have a new idea. I must say though that it doesnt work well with multiple layers of thick fabrics like jeans.

All in all: Totally worth my money! Totally recommend to any ambitious new sewer out there!!"
"Love this machine. Bought it for our vacation house.  Compact just what I need for my type of sewing.  Like the needle down feature, speed control."
"I search long and hard for the right sewing machine. I had moderate experience with my mom's old husquvarna and wanted one of those because I thought it was the only one in the world I could possibly love and understand. However, I ordered this singer 7258 and was in love from first stitch. I've been doing some heavy duty stictching (fabric wrapped around 1/4 in clothesline rope for a rug) recently and this thing has been a beast. No trouble whatsoever with bulkier sewing on this. DVD was also really helpful. I love this machine!!"
My favorite sewing machine I've ever used. This machine takes the guess work out of sewing and makes my projects a breeze. I use this for my sewing buisness. It's light and portable.
Just got it :) very well protected in the box and nice instructional video!
"Xmas gift for my daughter in law, she loves it!"
"Best inexpensive machine out there. As a quilter, I spent my big money on a free-motion Juki, but this little back-up and fancy stitch machine sews rings around the expensive all-purpose machines that my quilting buddies have. I own two of them- one at home and one at our vacation home because they are so affordable. I especially LOVE the start/stop button, which allows me to sew foot-free. I get more hours at the machine when I don't have to press the accelerator with my foot. Love this baby!"
"Got it during the Amazon Black Friday sale.  Best $89 I ever spent.  I'm a seamstress for over 50 years, and this is the perfect machine - beginner or old pro!"
"This is my third machine of this model Singer 7258. Do not buy this machine. My first one lasted two days. The second lasted two hours and the third, four months. I do not sew that much. I do not sew everyday. A code ""C4"" was the problem. Something about thread caught in the  bobbin. There was no thread problem that I could see. Problem always occurred while using a decorative stitch. I did like that I could view the bobbin through the window, sew without the foot pedal & stop with the needle in the down position."
So many features I never knew I needed. Set us was very simple and instructions are easy to understand. Great for the beginner and experienced sowers out there.
"I am a novice sewer (i.e. I sewed once in the 6th grade and I remember all of 0%), and this machine was incredibly easy to use. It came with any and all accessories I would need, clear instructions, and I was able to watch the Ready Set Sew video and get started that very first day. I made a quick and easy tote that I found a tutorial online for and the machine was fantastic. It really is so SIMPLE to use for a beginner and it made me feel like a pro."
Got this for my birthday and I love it!!!  So much better than the singer simple.  I love being able to see the bobbin!
Bought this sewing machine last year June for my birthday so I have it for one year now! Love love!
Great Purchase.
I love this machine. Its the best one Ive ever used
"I had trouble with it right away. Did not even start an actual project, and the tread got all jacked up by the bobbin when I was just doing a test swatch."
"Loving my new sewing machine! Finally broke down and bought my own instead as using my mothers. I have been very happy with my purchase. Loving the options to have so many stitches, and the fact that it is all digital. Works very smoothly. The button to back stitch takes some getting used to, though.  Would buy this again and would recommend to any friends in the market."
"When my sewing machine arrived, the product box had a 2 inch puncher on the side, the top of the box was covered in what looked like soot and there was no power cord in the box"
"Perfect for beginers, love it"
Machine has to take breaks in between preparing bobbins. CD IS NOT READABLE!! Had a search on youtube and google. Very annoying.
"I have sewn for quite a few years, but would not consider myself an expert. This machine is replacing another very old Singer machine.  I haven't used it much yet, but so far I like it.  My main complaint is the foot pedal.  For some unknown reason the jack for the pedal is located towards the front of the machine on the right side.  I have my machine on a table, not huge, 24"" deep, and the cord for the pedal is short in my opinion.  I cannot put the cord down the back of the table and still use it on the floor.  I have to run the cord down the front of the table, which is definitely not my choice.  Yes, this machine does have a button to run the machine by hand, but currently I am not used to that method.  I do not understand the placement of this jack.  Additionally, I could not figure out how to use the automatic needle threader from the instruction book.  I did find several very helpful videos on UTube that finally allowed me to make it work.  Not totally sure of the usefulness, but nice to have.  I stuck with the Singer brand because I have used one for years, but unfortunately my old machine was so old the bobbins were not compatible so I have to purchase new ones."
"Machine became dead slow in 6 months with rare usage ,"
I not happy with this product
"I ordered on a Sunday was to receive it between Friday the 16th and Wednesday the 21st, but was thrilled when I received it on Wednesday the 14th. Opened it up and went to work with it. It is harder to thread than my Brother machine, but other than that, I love it. A little bit of difference to get used to from my previous machine of 7 years, but when the motor locks up in the middle of a project, had to get a new one fast.
To the seller and shipping department, THANK YOU FOR BEING SO FAST!!!"
So impressed with the smoothness of this sewing machine. The best I've ever had. So far I have sewed 20 pants and 10 shirts with ease!
"I bought this machine on another site as a factory serviced  and with a discount code for $71. It is a nice machine, just don't ask it to do more than it is capable of. NOT a heavy duty machine, NOT meant to sew  heavy layers all the time. I sew  handbags made from linen fabric and it works fine. Don't bother with it if you plan on making leather stuff all day, it will leave you as one of the people leaving bad reviews. Like ANY drop-in  bobbin machine, it really isn't meant for thicker threads."
"Haven't used it much yet but seems like a nice machine for the price. Only negative so far is that you have to set the speed by hand, instead of with the amount of pressure on the foot pedal. That's going to be a difficult adjustment after almost 40 years of sewing."
excelente
"Love it. I think this sewing  machine is the best there is. Sews like a dream . Only think I have found is it will not sew a  buttonhole on thick  fabric .useing the bottom hole foot, I had to make one useing the zigzag stitch.  I have used the CD many times . I love the  automatic Needle threader."
Very good and I love the decorative stitches...
Great machine for the money.  Easy to use. Happy with results.
"I bought this machine on Jan 30th, got it on Jan few days later.  I started to use it about a month later due to the unexpected travel.  I use  the machine about five times.  Then the last time i wanted to use it, the it won't work.  The thread did not pick up.  machine runs fine, it just doesn't sew.  I only use this machine for very light use like fixing my sons cloths here and there.  I do not expect it to be broken less than 10 times use and less than 1 year.

I normally don't write review, but I am really disappointed in this machine"
Love it!
Great sewing machine for the money.  Awesome stitch selection and loaded with really good features.
"Easy to use, good reference manual do not foget the price too"
Happy with the Singer but the delivery was postponed with no notice so pay attention if your timeline is challenging
Easy to set up and use. Everything works exactly as described.
"Got this as a Christmas present for my 8 year old daughter - her first sewing machine.  Wow, has she had fun.

I can't say (as a middle age guy) that I know anything about sewing machines, but this is super easy to use.  At first, I had to help my daughter get it set up and help her through her first few projects.  So, we learned together which is why I can say it is easy to use.  I think our first project was making a water bottle bag, and it went great.  Now, she is comfortable going up to it and making her own little projects without any help from me."
"Very happy so far with this machine.  I have had the same machine for years and have been reluctant to buy another machine. I actually have never had a Singer before but based on the features and the reviews, and the price, I took a chance on this machine.  I do recommend looking over the product materials first.  I definitely recommend this machine."
Weird little quirks that I couldn't shake. Backstiching is frustrating and takes an extra step and the needle continues one stitch in the opposite direction when you switch between backward/forward. The tool kit has to slide open on the side and the compartment opens on the side so you have no hope of storing anything in it without everything falling out. I know the sound it makes is never good but found this one particularly scratchy and annoying. That one is probably just personal taste. The way it threads on the top and bobbin are a little weird; the thread just doesn't have a satisfying hook and loop like my other machines. I returned it.
I am new to sewing. This machine is so easy to use. Good price. Love all the features on it!@
"Wow!  This is a wonderful, versatile machine which is easy to thread (even with arthritis).  I love the many stitches and the smooth operation of the machine.  Singer has come a long way, and this affordable machine is a credit to the company."
This is a good sewing machine for beginners. Easy to use and clear directions. It worked great for the lightweight projects but definitely not a heavy duty projects.
This item only does a top stitch. The delivery sucked because it was delivered by the post office they wouldn't bring it to my door so I had to go pick up. Just to turn around and bring it back because this machine only sews 1 stitch out of the 100. I been sewing for years and know how to operate a sewing machine very well. Went to do a zig zag and straight stick. Tried all the other stitches and settings and nothing but straight stitch. To top that item did not come with ten presser feet. I didn't even notice into I submitted the return and seen that in description. No video either. If the machine worked I looked passed all that. I am not well about this at all. I am hot because I got this machine for a project and now got to turn around and get another one and this wasted time and money. I need to get to sewing and this set me back. Smh
"This machine replaced my 12 year old Husqvarna.  I really liked getting the DVD and owners manual, something I never had with my former sewing machine. There are so many newer features on the Singer and I was sewing within just a few minutes.  I'm just getting into quilting so am looking forward to doing many wall hangings and smaller sized quilts and throws as well as general sewing.  Love the auto threader, all the decorative stitches, the numerous feet and how quiet it is.  I am thoroughly pleased with this purchase."
great
What a wonderful easy to use sewing machine. I haven't sewn for over 30 years so I was a little leary of ordering a machine that was easy to use.  This machine fits the bill.
Works great thank you
"I've had Singer machines all my life.  My grandmother had a Singer, my mother had a Singer.  I don't even consider any other brand.
The machine I had when my first baby was born 40 years ago finally quit working.  It could have been fixed, but I decided to donate it for parts (with a very heavy heart) and purchase a new one.  I'm very pleased with this model.  It's not the computerized type that lets you press a button and it goes all by itself, because I'm a hands-on sewer, but it does have an automatic buttonhole maker. That just makes my day!"
"The Singer 7258 is a fantastic machine for arts and crafts enthusiasts who are not professional seamstresses. In addition to being compact and light, the fully automated features make sewing for the novice or infrequent artisan easy! The buttonhole feature adjusts to the size of whatever button you plan to use and is fully automated....all you have to do is place the button in the holder and position the needle at the desired starting point...it does the rest. The ability to set speed manually on the face of the machine is great so you don't have to worry about how much pressure you put on the foot pedal, unlike my original Singer from 1980 .... technology is great! You can also work without the foot pedal if you prefer.

The machine has a wide variety of routine and utility stitches, in addition to a large assortment of decorative stitches, all fully programmed and adjustable by the user to fit their desired application. It comes with an assortment of feet, including an embroidery foot, allowing you to use the machine for appliques or fine needlework from a pattern or your own design.  In addition to presser feet, the machine comes with several accessories, including a plastic dust cover. The built-in handle makes this easy to take along for events or for a crafting get together. I recommend a soft case, rather than the traditional hard plastic shell, as it is lighter and holds supplies without adding unnecessary weight.  The Singer universal sewing machine tote is fine, although rather boring in plan black, but I prefer the one made by Embroidex because it is a bit roomier with added zipper areas and pretty patterns.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Floral-Sewing-Machine-Carrying-Case-Carry-Tote-Universal/dp/B0178BFHH4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Floral Sewing Machine Carrying Case - Carry Tote Universal</a>"
Very nice machine. Haven't had a chance to use it much. I am still learning to sew. It looks easy.
Hard to control the speed for the beginner. the tread looks horrible. threads got stuck on number area. Its hard to use.
Great machine.........love all the decorative stitches it has.........I haven't quite figured out to use auto needle threader.......I am a Singer gal...
I haven't had a lot of chance to use this yet but a test of some of the decorative stitches was fun. I mainly wanted a machine with a good amount of features and reasonable instructions.
love it
"I love, love, love this sewing machine. The best I've ever had, and I loved my previous machine. Easy to use and does everything I could imagine. Sews smooth and quietly."
Does what it is supposed to do.  I really like it.
Works very good.
Great Buy!
Works great for a newcomer to sewing.  Easy enough to use that my children can use it without any prior sewing experience.
Lov e the machine
Great product and excellent sewing. great sitching
love this machine especially the needle treading feathure
Works fine and helps my wife a lot
Very good sewing machine.
"This is an amazing sewing machine. I have sewn three garments with no problem. The tension never gives me a problem, it's on auto & I don't  need to ajust it, so far. The foot petal feels a little flimsy, but to me that's not an issue. It's a very simple & easy to understand sewing machine."
My wife loves it
"I got this sewing machine to replace my little girl sew n sew that I've had for years. Since I'm in my 40s I figured it was time for a ""big girls"" sewing machine. I was a bit overwhelmed at first but quickly fell in love with it! What it can do is amazing compared to the dinky sew n sew. The power is spectacular.  For the price, this is beyond extraordinary.  Make sure to use quality thread as the cheap crap breaks easily in this machine."
This is my first sewing machine. The directions are pretty clear. Having owned this for about 5 months I have been using it nearly every day. The bobbin winder doesn't work reliably and resetting the machine as instructed by Singer worked once. Their recommendation was to bring it in for service and there is no Singer shop within 150 miles of me.  So I bought a separate bobbin winder. It kind of is okay. The instructions booklet doesn't contain a list of the error messages so you have to look them up online. Oh and the machine make a lot of noise. I don't really recommend it.
"I love this machine, I was intimidated at first because I've always had a mechanical, but wow this is EASY to use. It is so smooth and quiet, I could not be happier."
I have enjoyed it so much. I really love it.
Great little machine. I wanted a machine that would do a one step buttonhole. It does that well plus has other great features.i've been sewing for 60years and was pleasantly surprised by what this little machine could do.
This was bought as a gift. Found out from the recipient that she loves it and enjoys using it.
She love it
Excellent product
Very happy with machine
"I purchased this sewing machine on a whim and did not take it out of the box for almost 2 years (totally my fault). Upon trying it, I couldn't get the machine threaded. I read (and re-read the manual) and watched about 20 youtube videos before giving up. I took it in to a sewing machine repair place and in 2 seconds, they told me the machine was defective. The timing of the needle was off and that is why it wasn't picking up the bobbin thread. I can no longer return it since it's been so long. I tried to contact Singer and they wouldn't offer any solutions. Supposedly they have a 25 year warranty against manufacturing defects but only if they announce the defect/recall. So now I'm S.O.L."
Love my new machine!
Scam
Love it
I bought this machine 5 years ago.  When I first got it I was in love! It was a dream.  But after a couple of years it has given up on me.  Something is off where my stitches look awful.  The bob Ben won't even catch if I try thicker fabric and with thinner fabric the stitch is pitiful.  I tried getting it serviced which cost me $75 and it worked for two seconds after I brought it home.  I would have brought it back but I had it for too long before I had the chance to try it out again.  I don't recommend buying this machine if you want something that will last.
"Like this Singer for all the sticking you can do with it. But big tough thick jobs it just can't handle it,  and can do some medium thickness jobs."
"This little machine sews pretty good, but I cannot figure out how to use the needle threader.  It took me a long time to thread it manually??  I am
older, so my eyes for closeup  are not that good.  I wish I could figure out the needle threader on the machine.  The instructions that came with
this machine are kind of overwhelming??"
"Even though I haven't used it too much, the little I did, it sewed very nicely.  I think I will be happy with it."
"I've ahd this machine for a month now.  It is my first sewing machine.  I finally took it out of the box this weekend because I had a Sewing 101 class at Hobby Lobby last night.  The teacher was impressed with the machine and it wasn't nearly as intimindating as I thought it would be.  The only problem I had was my thread kept breaking.  Somewhere around step 3 in threading the machine, it hangs up the thread.  I'm sure its me and not the machine.  I'll figure it out.  Can't wait to make things."
I love it
Instructions were clear and it was easy to use.  I am an experienced sewer but someone who isn't would need some assitance
"This was sold as new but had actually been repacked/refurbished, the DVD was missing and some left a ""note"" saying the cap fell off while using.  This item had clearly been returned by someone else."
Motor locked up after one use
My Mom loves this gift!
Very very nice
"Absolutely LOVED!! It is very easy and simple to work as long as you throughly read the manual and have an understanding of how sewing machines function. Overall, it runs very nice and smooth."
"wonderful machine, good buy"
My wife loves it.
"Easy to use, and I got a great price!"
"I have had sewing experience with older sewing machines but this one is very difficult to use.  I watched the video, studied the manual, and called the Singer company for help on threading the machine, threading the bobbin, and setting the stitch length.  The stitching still did not look correct. The sewing speed lever does not work. The automatic threading is just an added part that you can use, but with some needles it is suggested to thread manually. My 20 year old machine threaded easily and the bobbin worked easily but this Singer has difficult steps to do before you can
actually sew.  I am very disappointed."
"Purchased cheaper in warehouse deals. Perfect in original box, was supposed to have damage to box but I seen none. Very happy to have saved $30 to $40 and sews perfect. I wish the bobbin held more thread though, I have to keep adding thread to the bobbin."
"All I received were the machine the pressure foot and the plug

Amzon replaced the sewing machine post heist"
good
"Updated: After calling my credit card provider I was able to get a number for Amazon Customer Service and was able to contact them and explain my situation, and they are allowing me to return the machine. So 5 stars for Amazon, 0 Stars for the Singer.

I don't usually give one star reviews, but I am very angry about this purchase. I bought this for my wife for Christmas, along with a sewing class that started in February. The first time she turned on the machine was at the class, and it had an E4 error, but it went away and she didn't think anything of it. She used it for the next two classes, and really enjoyed it, but then on the 4th class the E4 error returned and now it won't go away. The machine is completely useless and has only been turned on 4 times. We took it in to a repair shop and they said they see this error all the time, but that it would cost more than the machine is worth to fix it, and that it would be better to put the money towards a better-made machine. It is obviously past the return date for Amazon, and I can't find any other way to contact them. This is the first poor experience I have had with Amazon, but it sure was a doozy. Save your money and put it into a reliable machine. The repair guy recommended Elna and some Berninas."
poorly designed but with ok functionality
This was a great upgrade from my beginner machine. I'm very happy with my purchase. The speed control is a really nice feature as well. Tons of stitches t choose from - and it comes with a TON of presser foot attachments.
My lady likes it.
good
"This machine is HORRIBLE.  I made one simple summer dress and was beginning to sew my second when the machine developed a crunching sound followed by the biggest birdnests I have ever seen.  I began researching to see why the machine was doing this.  I tried rethreading, refilling the bobbin, checking the position of the presser foot.  Nothing helped.  I have been sewing for over 50 years.  I still wanted to make sure it wasn't operator malfunction so I took it to the repair shop.  The owner tried the machine and the crunching was evident.  He told me I was the third new Singer machine he had received just this week.  His diagnosis?  Recycle.  Be warned!!!!  This machine is junk and should be avoided.  I could say so much more but I have already wasted too much energy on this machine."
I used the machine for the first time today and I was easily able to figure it out and use it! It was my first time sewing on my own so I was glad I was able to figure everything out!
So far great!  I've done some small projects and made a few dresses I designed but nothing as tedious as my daughters wedding gown yet.  We will see however I expect no problems.
Wonderful  Product  :)
I ordered this as a black friday deal and just now took it out of the box and am getting an E4 message.  After researching all the issues it could be and trying to fix each one it is still not working.
"I bought this on a whim after taking my dog's bed to the upholstery shop too many times and I AM NOT SORRY!!!! I don't know how to sew or how to work a machine. Can you say ""beginner""??? But I had this baby up and running within 10 minutes. I've already completed two projects and it was SO easy to use - very fool proof. I'm wandering around my house wondering what else I can sew. Although I am a beginner and this suits me, I have no doubt that it would be wonderful for those with lots of experience as well. I love this machine!!!!"
"Excelent Product, my wife is so happy with her singer."
"Wife loves this. We wanted an extended table, but can't find it on Amazon or anywhere else."
"I think it's good, still waiting for my wife to take it out of the box!"
Still in great working order 3 years later.
"This sewing machine keeps showing an electrical error. This was a gift for my 9-year old daughter for Christmas, and we waited to use it because I wanted her to take a basic sewing class first. Now it's too late to return it. Does anyone know how to fix the E4 error message that keeps coming up?"
The Singer Rep told me they weren't making parts anymore for this machine.
WIFE LOVES IT!!!!! I BOUGHT EXTENDED WARRANTY SINCE IT IS COMPUTERIZED
"I sew on this machine every single day. I am amazed at how well it has held up! I learned how to sew on it a few years ago, and have since been using it to sew dog & cat collars, bandanas and leashes. It can handle everything I use it for, is easy to clean, easy to thread and lots of fun to decorate with cat stickers (hehe). I will admit I only really use two of the stitch options--straight stitch and the buttonholer. LOVE the buttonholer! The manual makes everything easy to learn; needles are easy to replace, attachments can be swapped out quickly. I seriously have no complaints about this machine, and I love that it can handle what I put it through (very often 4 layers of quilting cotton + 8 layers of fusible interfacing). Highly recommended!"
Love this machine- it is perfect for taking to class and sews beautifully.
"I have had this machine for 3 years. Great beginner machine, works well and it's nice that it includes all the different presser feet. Definitely recommend."
"Best quality for the price. Singer, reputable company."
"Works very well.
Easy to use if you know a little about sewing machine."
love it : )
It's a good thing compared to the price.
Used it a lot already.
"This machine is awesome!  Drop in bobbin, auto threader, lots of stitches to chose from and so easy to use!  I am a beginner (again, haven't sewn in years) and I would recommend this machine for ease of use and just plain old good value.  I caught up on a lot of mending in one short afternoon."
"<div id=""video-block-RXGCLTD94MJ89"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1vJRe64L7S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81JlrKBqbJS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I bought this model, there is electric blast, i got the replacement of same machine and same thing happened again. will suggest you not to go for this model.it's not safe, could be dangerous. kindly see the attached videos."
That so good. I love it ^^
"My wife loves it. It is a very neat, small sewing machine. Perfect for beginners and I suppose even medium to advanced sewing. It did a good job with our curtains and we are likely to use it more often on other things in the future."
"Bought as Christmas gift for daughter.  She loved it.  A basic easy to use, not too complicated sewing machine for a beginner.  Highly recommend."
It's a very nice sewing machine and it is easy to use. I think it is an excellent value for the price.
great price
I returned it. It is 100% made of plastic. It is so hard to operate...I watched several youtube videos and still couldn't figure it out. The automatic threader did not work for me. ugh...very frustrating. I also hated the thread being on a slant/angle instead of straight up and down. It kept jamming. Not like my old Singer that I had for 40 years. I want my old Singer back. That was a quality product.
I have been sewing for fifty years and never had a machine that came with all the different feet and features. I am still mostly just reading the manual and becoming acquainted  with my new friend. Thanks AMAZON
"At age 79, I decided to go electronic. I love this machine, its user friendly, and sews over several thicknesses for me with no effort. I wish the little windows were lighted, but a small light works fine-at this price, I'm still impressed.
I love the thread tack button, its easy to use needle threader, if I can learn to use it, YOU can.
My daughter broke hers!  (Just like mine) She took it to the Singer repair place in the city--it was back on her front porch, all repaired at no charge, the very next day, even though it was 80 miles away! Great service."
"Wonderful machine! Sturdy, yet light enough to handle. Stitches beautifully."
Love it!
Very good sewing machine.
"So far, I am happy as a clam.  My ""old"" machine kept jamming in the bobbin area.  I have hemmed 4 pairs of jeans so far without any issues.  Very pleased.  Need to review the video to learn how to auto thread it though.  I just did it myself as I'm too lazy to read.  :)"
"I had a very cheap Kenmore machine and did not enjoy using it.  I kept putting off sewing projects for the winter and realized that I dreaded using my loud machine.  After reading reviews and comparing prices, I felt that this was a great deal for the quality.  I have used it to sew a wool bag and it was so much fun.  I've also sewn up duvet covers and a flying geese quilt.  I love the drop in bobbin with the little window to see how much bobbin thread is left and the automatic tension.  To my surprise, I'm enjoying the patterned decorative stitches and have used them more than expected."
good
Easy to use. Great machine.
AMAZING
Fantastic machine!
"Very nice machine and came on time, packaged very well. Easy to use and made very well."
"Great price for a trusted brand. Very easy touse. The automatic bobbin and needle threaders make this a joy to use. I've yet to use many of the set features but it promises to be a snap. Got lots of buttons tosew back on, so this should save time!"
It's good machine but so fat shortage of didn't try so far
A-OK
"Wife loves it, does what its supposed to."
Nothing special about this unit and it shakes when you sew.  I think it is typical for the price range.
Very nice.  So smooth.  Easy to use.  Love the automatic needle threader!.
Excellent purchase and amazon is the best
great great great
There is a reason this machine has such great reviews. We had tried 2 other machines from other companies and my wife failed trying to see on both of them. We both got frustrated trying to use them. Finally I pulled the plug on this one when it went on sale. My wife pulled it out the box quickly read through the manual went straight to sewing and hasn't stopped since! What a great machine!
I gave it to my daughter for a gift.  I asked if it fit in her sewing machine case and she said she didn't know because it has not left her sewing table due to the fact she is sewing so much.  This is her first machine and she hasn't had any problems with it.  It must be easy to use because she hasn't called me for any help. It was a great buy.
"Very happy with this purchase. I went back to sewing after many years. So i am not a beginner but need to familiarize myself again. One negative comment, the self threader is hard to figure out and seems broken as it snaps off at the time when you need to push down."
I'm just beginning and this has been easy to use.
"I love this machine, but it cannot handle heavy sewing. I've had this machine for one year, and I have messed up the timing twice. The second time I broke the machine I was sewing cotton. For $200 I wanted a machine that would last through costume after costume. Obviously, I'm naive. This machine will not make it through a second Halloween."
Great sewing machine and great price to fit my budget.
"I took a chance and purchased a refurbished Singer 7258 machine for my daughter. It looked brand new because it had been factory sealed. I noted that the needle threader was not working right, so I decided to return the machine. Prior to doing so, I decided to thread the needle myself and test it out. The needle fell out a few times even after trying to tightly secure it back in with the screw. I chose a few stitches and kept having to adjust the tension, way too many times. I was testing the stitches on cotton. The machine seems too loud for me. I have a Janome Skyline and maybe my machine is too quiet. I tried my best to like this machine, since it had many features, gave it my best shot. I am still going to return it. I found a computerized New Home Janome for a little more money, less stitches, but I believe it will be quieter and hopefully not have any tension problems."
Great machine for granddaughter.  Had it over a year and still works great.  Very sturdy and well made.
The machine was delivered timely and is so far a decent machine for cost however the extension table/arm was not included and that should be standard with sewing machines and according to the manual it seems as if it should have been in the box.
"Would not buy this machine ever again. I spent over an hour with the Singer service department, apparently the tension is set wrong and suggested I send it back."
I waited a few weeks to place my review so I could get an extended use or if it and my review world be more accurate. I live the variety of stitched especially the embroidery ones. It's a great machine for hive decor products. I gave if 2 stars because it wished well the first few days but then I started having issues with the tension not being right enough even when I adjusted it manually. If I don't back stitch I can literally pull out the thread and that's not good at all. What's the point in having all those stitches on a machine but the Tension is messed up.  I've stopped using this machine and I'm using the singer simple.
I wish I never wasted my money on this machine
Really sturdy machine and lots of stitch options!  This is my second machine.
Works great!
I have only used this once but it seems to be a good machine. I like the other optional stitch paterns as well and think this should be a good machine for many years to come. I only use a sewing machine a few times a year and do not want to worry about issues when I go to use it.
I received this as a birthday present from my husband! Oh how I love this machine! It is a great beginners sewing machine. Instructions are easy to follow for setting up the thread and how to operate the machine. I have used it several times and have yet to have any problems with it. I wish I had more time and space to be able to use it. Definitely worth the money!
"Perfect for crafting! It has plenty of stitching options, button holes,  and can even sew without the pedal.  Love it! I have a very expensive top of the line brother embroidery machine my grandmother passed along to me (she was really into sewing) that I cannot figure out for the life of me.  This machine works just as well,  is easy to use,  not too bulky,  and well made. The price is phenomenal for the quality.  Don't hesitate to buy! I will be using this for years to come."
Love it.  Works like a dream
Arrived in a timely manner.  Seems to be a good quality mid-range priced machine.
perfect gift for a budding sewing teen!
very good!!!!!
This was a gift.
Good sewing machine and nice looking
love
Wow! Nice machine!  So easy to use.
good best!!
I like it
"This is an amazing machine - especially for the price.  We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and we sewed on it awhile yesterday.  It has many functions that are typically only found in higher end machines.  It's simple enough for her to learn on and yet advanced enough that she won't ""outgrow"" it.  I would recommend this machine for anyone looking for a good little machine."
Good machine. Very speed.
Got this for my daughter as a gift. She wanted to try sewing. Works well but has plastic gears so you can't sew anything too thick.
nice
good quality product
"I don't do much sewing anymore, so when my old machine broke, I was looking for just a decent basic model.  This fits the bill.  It can do anything that I would need. The only complaint I have against this machine is the opening between the needle and the stitch selection panel.  It is only 4"" high x approx 5"" wide.  On my old machine this space was 5.5"" tall and 6.5"" wide.  That doesn't seem like too big of a difference until you start trying to sew something large and bulky"
"It was a beautiful machine! Came with all of its parts, not damaged, came in time. I so badly wanted to use it but I couldn't because it came with an American outlet while I have EU outlets. At first, I asked them if they could send me an EU cord but they just gave me money to buy my own - alas there were none that converted our high voltage to American low voltage. Amazon refunded me and I'm very happy indeed that they did that for me. I would buy it again if it had the right cord. I am only sad that I had to send this beauty back before even making one stitch."
I sewed over 40 costumes with this over the course of 4 months and it never broke on me! The stitches are great and very easy to use. Worth every penny I spent on it
"I bought this for my wife and unfortunately, she wasn't very impressed. The machine buckles on bulky seams, and struggles...making unstable/uneven stitches; occasionally getting stuck. If you're using it for lightweight fabrics, it'll be just fine... but if you try to sew fleece or wool, I'd look into a different machine.  She was making coats and lightweight jackets, and found lots of frustration, even after trying to change the different settings to accommodate."
Love it
Seems to work well so far.
"Save your money and buy something with a better design. Tried sewing felt and it stuck inside the plate. In older machines you could work out any stuck fabric by moving the machine. With this one, you have to unscrew the plate. Good luck. They don't give you a screwdriver and even my tiny ones are too long. Turned a 4 hour project into a 6 hour. My husband had to try muktiple things to open it and cut out the fabric. Also, what's with the clear plastic bobbin plate? It pops out too easily and it's something to loose and break. Who needs to see their bobbin move anyway? They certainly don't make em like they used to!"
I love it.  I don't sew much but at least now I don't have to thread the needle.  Perfect.
Got this as a gift for my 11yr old daughter and she loves it. Easy to use
"I purchased this to replace a 15 year old Kenmore, which would not go in reverse anymore, so i could make my grand-kids blankets for Christmas.  The first thing I noticed was how similar they were in function.  Then I noticed how flimsy the Singer one was.  Metal arts had been replaced with plastic.  When I tried to use it it starting dropping stitches no matter what stitch I tried.  I adjusted the tension and stitch length and width repeatedly to no avail.  I ended up having to rip out and go over sections over and over again.  Most of the sections were straight sewing on either a straight stitch or zigzag.

I went back to my old machine and did not have any issues.  But now I am WAY behind on my sewing!"
I just love my new sewing machine! It runs much quieter than my older one and so much smoother. It's very easy to use as well and makes my projects so much quicker and easier to complete.
"Very good, still exploring it."
Love this machine. Got it for $89 on black Friday. I couldn't service my old one for this. Add in the digital stitch selection and sef threader it was a bargain. Works great!
Are use this machine for about two years quilting ... it was  really meant to be used for Quilting... not strong enough  for Quilting ... I have just bought a new machine Janome
excellent
good! :)
SO FAR SO GOOD
"This is my second singer Stylist...  loved the first so much that when it failed (my own dumb fault, not following instructions and pulling fabric through machine!  D'oh!) that I replaced it with the exact same machine.  The first survived several years despite my ignorance and now that I know the consequences,  I'll be treating this one more gently.  I run an online business making sewn items so my machines get used several hours each day--they really have to earn their keep!  This model offers a great variety of stitches that are easily accessed, and the drop in bobbin and needle threaded are amazingly helpful when sewing as much as I do.  I would wholeheartedly recommend this machine to anyone who wants a machine that can do a lot and still be a dependable workhorse...  my only complaint (and it's really nit picking) is that all the translations are intermixed in the instructions manual which makes it cumbersome to look up information, but for the quality and great price I can deal with a little inconvenience in the manual!"
"I have had nothing but problems. It worked perfectly for a few days. Then I had to replace the bobbin. After that, I have had nothing but issues with the timing and tension. I wouldn't buy this machine again."
"Fits my needs, only problem was trying to figure out how to load up thread, instruction are poor. Had to watch a YouTube from an 11 year on how to load up machine. After figuring how to load it up, working with this machine is awesome."
Great product for the price.
Love this machine.
Great Machine -a little hard to thread even  with video!
I have never successfully used a sewing machine  and after two older machines(hand me downs) I gave up on the institution completely settling for the fact that my fate was to continue to sew by hand only. I finally broke down and decided to buy this beauty as a hail mary. It is sew easy to use(see what I did there). If I can do it so can anyone.
"My wife loves this and as a result, so do I."
Very happy !!!  AND it came so quickly!
even better than I hoped!
"I've been sewing for over 50 years (No, I'm not old, I just started really young). I've used Brother, Pfaff, and Singer sewing machines, but Singer has always been my #1 sewing machine of choice as it was my mother's before me. I bought this Singer to give to my teenage granddaughter to learn on, but ended up liking it so much that I kept it and gave my granddaughter my 20 year old Singer. This machine has all the features that I used the most often on my old machine plus a few more. My favorite features that this machine has that my old one didn't, is (1) the self threading needle, (2) the clear, see-thru bobbin case so you always know how much bobbin thread you have left (3) the drop down needle position feature for easy pivoting around corners, and (4) the thread cutter.
Although I've made my own garments for years, I now have a small handbag business. I considered buying an industrial machine because I often sew on really thick fabrics like denim, but this machine easily sews through 4 layers of denim with interfacings!  I also make alot of clothing from knit fabric and love the stretch stitches available on this machine. This machine is a real workhorse and I give it a 5 thumbs up!!
I have no negatives at all to say about this machine except that I wish the storage compartment was a little larger."
"I had waited a long time to get a Singer sewing machine. I am disappointed beyond belief! My bobbin jams, my top thred breaks ...I cant get  the easy things sewn. Dont buy this .I don't know why it is rated at the top. I called for help and they said oh you are threading it wrong  which I was not !
Im finished with the rant."
"Unfortunately, mine broke after less than 6 months of use and no more than 20 hours total of sewing. Now I not only have to pay to have it shipped to be repaired, I also have to pay to get it packed because I didn't keep the box after months of having it. I do not recommend any singer machine and will never buy one again. The whole warranty process is horrible and disorganized.

***UPDATE 5.10.2017***
I sent my machine in for repair at the end of November 2016 I got it back right in time for my birthday, around April 21, 2017. When I called the Singer repair place to ask about it, they said they were waiting on Singer to send them the parts they needed. So I waited 5 months for repair. Now I have been sewing on it for probably 10 hours total since I got it back and it's broken again with a different error message. So I've had this sewing machine for 11 months and I was able to sew on it for no more than 35 hours. This is the worst purchase I have ever made and will never buy anything singer makes for as long as I live."
Only very few were given out for black friday deal.the deal could have waited a little more
"Wife put it in Cart. When I went in to purchase a couple of hours later, it had been moved to On-Hold and was $160 vice the $90 she saw. It had said good until midnight based on the hours it gave. Wife is disappointed, so I am too."
"Very happy with this machine, runs like a champ."
I paid full price for this item (no discounts or free products here). I got this to give as a present and I've gotten it to use it more than the recipient for about a year now and I find it to be a pretty good sewing machine. I like the variety of stiching designs available and I found the machine pretty easy to use after reading the manual a little be. I would definitely recommend it and I wonder about the next level sewing machine available with 100 stitches since I suspect it might be as good or nicer than this one. Happy buy.
Beautiful machine in every way. better than anticipated.
"For not knowing a thing about using a sewing machine, besides what I saw on YouTube, I'm very happy with the 7258. The machine comes with instructions, button hole thing  and a bunch of additional pressure feet, still working on trying all them out. So far it's been a relative short learning curve to get sewing with the machine. I had five pair of scrub pants that I needed to hem up and after some trial and error I accomplished what I wanted to do. My biggest problem now is finding things to sew that aren't too advanced and learning about materials and patterns. Using the machine is the easiest part."
"So far, loves the machine. Great purchase purchase. East to use, has wonderful extras, and least to learn for those new to sewing."
"Great sewing machine. Well rated,  worth the price."
Love it so far- quilts beautifully
Excellent machine for the price.  Many good features.  Heavy duty enough to sit still when stitching.  I have recommended this to many friends.
So easy to use. Can do just about anything you can imagine.
"Over  my many years, Singer has always provided good quality and easy to use products. I will not use any other brand. I bought this for my daughter. Hopefully, she will feel the same way over her years."
"Very impressed! First of all I ordered it on Friday evening and it arrived the next Monday. Ordered based on the large number of 5-star reviews and it's lived up to expectations. I love the way it sews...stitches are smooth and tight and there's a huge array of decorative stitches. I've been sewing since I was 8 and have used several machines...this is one of the best, especially for the price of around $170. I know I could have spent a lot more, even on a Singer, but it was not necessary. This machine works great & I highly recommend it whether you're a beginner or experienced sewist."
"Worst machine I ever had.  It must be a lemon because it's the same problem over and over and over.  The case that holds the bobbin keeps popping out of place and it needs a professional to put it back in.  They can't figure out why it keeps happening.  I've already spent more on repairs than I paid for the machine.  Into the trash it goes.  It isn't user error.  I've been sewing for 50 years and never had any problem like this before.  No one else has had this complaint, so there must be some funky manufacturing defect.  I can't comment on how it works otherwise BECAUSE IT'S NEVER WORKED!!!"
A great deal for the price.  Easy to use and lightweight.
"Love my machine I tried out several stiches already, The only thing I cant figure out is the self threading. I already sew several dog clothes for my Maltese I really enjoying my Machine."
Was a gift for mom. She loved it!
"This cute and inexpensive machine works great!  I bought it to supplement my workhorse Singer that I bought 25 years ago because it was on sale and had so many stitches and self threaded the needle for me. I was wary when I opened it and saw how electronic it was, but after using it, I am not disappointed. Singer is a name I trust. I do fashion sewing and quilting with it."
"I've sewed with Singers all my life, and I was looking for something reliable, that would last. The reverse button is touchy, sometimes it takes 2 or 3 tries to get it to reverse. The pedal feels flimsy and cheap. The handle design is odd, you can't use the handle if it's threaded, or it gets in the way of the thread. And the base is rather bulky, if you're trying to do narrow cylinders (I make small drawstring bags, or for sleeves). It needs special bobbins, which can be found, but will need to be bought and kept separately.

I do like being able to see how full my bobbin is, and the feature where it stops with the needle up is nice. At this price point, it seems like a beginner's machine that you don't have to worry about too much, but the reverse makes it often frustrating, and the petal is surprisingly flimsy. Plus the handle makes it hard to move out of the way when you're done. Not the Singer quality I remember."
I am loving this sewing machine. Easy to use!!
Got an error message about a month after using it that wouldn't allow the machine to function.
amazing machine very please with my singer machine.
The amount of designs on this machine is endless! I LOVE the stitching it can do! It's a definite must have if you are looking to upgrade!
"I bought it on behalf of a friend who doesn't use computers or the Internet.  It has worked fine, and she is happy with it."
Excellent quality and performance!  Sews heavy fabrics with ease.
"This machine worked ok at first but after a few months of sporadic, very light use the bobbin thread started bunching and creating a nest on the underside of what I was sewing, the fabric kept getting pulled into the bottom plate, and eventually, the bobbin wasn't turning and nothing I could do would fix that. My local sewing machine retailer charges $90 to even look at a sewing machine, so considering how much I paid for this, I decided that I would just toss it. This was a total waste of money."
"Super easy to use, not too heavy, all I had to do is buy the color thread needed for each of my projects."
"After finally trying to use this machine, the main problem I have with it is the area underneath the machine is to small.  I have medium sized hands and I find it nearly impossible to work with this machine because of the lack of room.  Also if I keep the machine, the light on the machine is pretty much useless. Also having issues with the automatic needle threader."
Still getting used to the digital part but I am loving it.
"Great machine, so easy to use."
Still getting a hang of the machine but it has been working fine for me
Purchased as a gift for my sister. She likes it and all the neat features. She's learning to sew
My machine does not sew and doesn't pick up the bobbin thread I think I got a rejected one
Wonderful gift for my daughter.
This was ordered for a gift. I haven't heard any bad report on it. the person loves using it. That's all I can say about it.
This is a starter for my wife and she has enjoyed every minute of it. She has made so much stuff for all of us and has big plans for the future. The machine is very easy to thread and get going and with only a little bit of a learning curve you can be sewing away in 30 minutes to an hour of reading.
"So funny story, I bought this machine back in Sept of 2013.  That was 3 years ago.  I bought it with intensions of starting to learn how to sew - well that never happened.  For the next 3 years, this thing sat in my storage room in its original unopened box, being used as mainly a nicely shaped heavy box that all my other crap can pile on top of.

Imagine my surprise that in 2016 when I saw this pop up on amazon again, I was like ""oh let's see how much it price dropped since I bought it"" (note this is a really common thing w/ me, I buy stuff that I end up not using much and it price drops dramatically next time I check), and it turned out to be a good $40 MORE EXPENSIVE than when I bought it 3 years ago!  O__O  With most technology a 3 year gap would drop the price by hundreds - but I guess this totally doesn't apply to something like a sewing machine?

In any case, I finally pulled this out and started modifying a lot of my garments that have been in the ""sell to resale shops or donate"" bags.  I did some research ahead of time on how to use it via youtube vids, and got ideas/steps/guides from various youtubers on how to mod my existing clothes to something new.  I find this machine to be pretty beginner friendly as long as you do some basic research first.  The booklet explains a lot of the parts very well but I mostly just glanced through it or skipped to the specific foots that I need to look for (ie zipper foot) since I got the rest of what I need to know from youtube.

This does come with a detachable foot pedal but also a start/stop button for if you don't want to use the foot pedal.  I prefer the pedal as initially when I tried using the button I keep forgetting to press it when I need to stop.  foot pedal, even for beginners, is much more intuitive.  There's a speed control slider which lets you adjust the speed no matter how hard you press, which is suuuuuuper nice for beginner.  At the lowest speed I find the machine to be not very noisy, but recently I changed it to medium speed for one of my projects and it did seem louder.  I'm not sure how much dramatically louder the highest speed may be, but I don't think it'll really bother my housemates when their doors are closed (I work in the living room dining room table due to lack of space haha).  I did notice that the plastic lid over the bobbin seem to shake at medium speed though...that part is a little worrying but I'm hoping it won't be that big of a problem, and I don't think I'll be moving on to full out medium and high speed yet.

There's a button for leaving the needle up or down when you stop sewing which became incredibly useful when I was working on long chunks of straight sewing that still required periodic adjustment.  As someone else also mentioned, I did notice that when I turn the wheel to pull the needle up and try to pull my garment out sometimes it's hard to pull - that's because my needle wasn't at the highest point apparently.  Initially I broke thread (and got paranoid I'm gonna bend the needle) but now I know to just turn the wheel some more and pull the needle up further.  Once it's in the ""nice"" zone it's very easy to pull out.

There are maybe 3 things I'm not too happy with.  One is the reverse stitch button - if you're using the foot pedal you basically have to wait a second or two before you can press that button, and vice versa.  I'm guessing I know why for safety reason (or just how it's programmed), but what it means is that I find I can't do what I see a lot of youtubers are doing when doing back stitching - ie it's not nearly as fast.  Most people I see them do a very speedy stop stitch, reverse stitch, then forward stitch and done.  With this machine I have to stop wait a second, press the button, wait another second or two, then forward stitch again.  If you don't wait long enough, you have to repress the button or the foot pedal - and if you do THAT too quickly it still doesn't work.  What ends up happening is that I'm sitting there holding down the reverse button and nothing happens, I realize and I let go and repress and NOTHING HAPPENS.  then I have stop and consciously count 1-2, and then press.  It makes kind of a slow going and constantly causes me to forget to back stitch.

the other thing that I was a little meh about was the fact that there's no mini screwdriver that comes with the machine.  This means if you want to replace the needle or open the bottom for cleaning/unjamming, you'll have to have a set of mini screw drivers on hand.  Most standard screw drivers are not small enough to fit in that tiny space (for example the screw for holding the needle).  This thing came with a mini seam ripper but not a mini screw driver.  :(  That bummed me out.  I did end up buying a mini screwdriver set from amazon anyway, but it can be a bit irritating if you don't know and need to replace the needle and suddenly you have to pause your project.  In my case, I ended up using a tweezer until I got my screwdriver set.

the last thing was that a few times the bobbin thread got jammed on the bottom of the plate and it was insanely difficult to remove.  I had to seam rip my garment out of there and at a latter point I was able to use my seamripper again to pull out the clump of thread.  I'm really not sure why it got jammed, but it happened 2-3 times, with the last time being particularly bad.  I'm going to assume it's from my inexperience, but just wanted to put it out there that it did happen.  Because I still didn't have the mini screw driver at the time, I couldn't open the bottom plate to remove the thread clump so again irritating that it didn't come with something that can open it.

Other than that, I LOVE this machine.  So many different stitches AND it came with insane number of foots for free.  I saw that a lot of other models/machines require you to buy the foots separately.  The number of stitches and the number of foots that came for free was what really sold me on this (plus the price was excellent when I bought it and all the positive reviews!).  As a total beginner to sewing, I find this to be a really excellent machine.  Even at its current price it's still drastically cheaper than a lot of other machines with less stitches and attachments.  Highly recommend this for beginners and intermediate sewers, but I imagine if you're a heavy duty seamstress, this might not really be for you (but I think if you're an experienced seamstress you'd know that anyway!)"
Bought for my daughter in law for her birthday. She loves it.
great quality!!
love it
"I love it. It doesn't handle bulk well tho. Easy to thread. Watched videos on youtube to learn how to do things like attach sequins and applique work.  Instructional video is about 18 mins longs and just covers the basics. The manual booklet covers more info. Argh, the pain to read, just show me how, lol, when I get started tho, I really can't stop using my machine. Happy I got it. Best price also."
"I have sewn with this several times, no problems.  I have had it about 7 months now.  The only caveat, if you are buying this for the self-threader, I will say it is not as easy as you may hope it is.  I do not use the self-threader, it is easier to thread it manually for me.  Otherwise, solid and good machine."
sews very good  i got it because of all the 100-stitch its fun to have so many to choose from.  the manual thread the needle does work most of the time on first try
"I just loved this machine. I know Singer sold its name to other companies and not what it use to be but I had such good luck with this machine. I have been using it just about 3 times or more a week and for over a year now and it is more then I could want. I have done so many projects and just love it. I would buy another one.
It does great job for doll clothes but not for jeans or heavy canvas etc. Do not think u would be disappointed a great machine for such a price. I just love it."
Works good.
"I have been using this machine for over a year now and love it. I have not tried sewing denim yet, but it has worked well for the average weight fabrics I have been using. The variety of decorative stitches is great and I keep finding ways to use them. I have only used 3 of the feet that came with it, but look forward to trying those out as well. My only complaint is the feed dogs do not drop. I discovered free motion sewing after I got this machine and do not like the feed dog cover. It comes loose. Tape seems to be the answer but I would prefer not to do that. I keep increasing my time spent sewing and the difficultly of projects I take on and it has handled everything very well so far.  I am considering getting one of the heavy duty Singers next for free motion sewing since the feed dogs drop on those."
"Great for a beginner with some experience like me. I love that it comes with a variety of basic feet and stitches so I haven't felt that ""I wish I would have gotten a machine that did xyz"" yet. Everything is easy to use and easy to understand. The tension works great on Auto, but was easy to adjust in the rare case that it wasn't perfect. I would recommend it to anyone but an expert sewer - who would, in that case, already know what they were looking for."
It's a machine that produces well.  It constructs for me nicely and it's not hard to work with.
"It's k but one of the features that is important to me is the automatic threading. I have read the instructions, saw u tube videos and I can't get it to work. That is a very big disappointment because u have a herd time with the threading of needlr"
"I have had this machine for a year now and while I'm a beginner sewer, it seemed fine for my needs. I am not so sure now. While the machine sews well, for my limited experience, it is very noisy. It isn't very smooth sewing with it and all of my zigzag stitches are gone. It tries to zigzag but it doesn't pull the thread from the bobbin. I can straight stitch and even do the fancy stitches, but the zigzag stitch just isn't happening. I have contacted Singer and gone through all of there suggestions and nothing works. So I'm looking for a new machine. I enjoyed learning and have many projects planned, but I would like to have the option of using all of the stitches."
VERY GOOD MACHINE
perfect for what I needed it for. I needed to hem pants and scrubs and it worked perfectly. Used it to make superhero capes for the kids as well. It was a good price and is always needed.
"I already had a Singer Futura machine but bought the Stylist because of the size. The Stylist is a great machine ,but of course, it's a Singer. I like the fact that the inner workings are metal and not plastic. It does everything the Futura does except for embroidery. This is a great price for a dependable, hardworking machine. It is simple to thread and there is no maintenance except routine cleaning. I recommend the Singer Stylist for the beginner or any level of sewing skill.

After using the Stylist for 2 months almost every day, I still love it! It is so easy to use. I have always had trouble with button holes but enjoy doing them now on this machine. Anyone would love sewing or learning to sew with this machine."
My daughter absolutely loves this machine
"Compared the temperamental old 90's mechanical machine that I learned to sew on, this machine is just plain awesome.
- I was surprised that I could crack it out at 10pm and just start sewing with it without disturbing the neighbours - on straight stitch it is really quiet. Zig zag makes a little more noise, but still impressively quiet in my books.
- Blown away by the thoughtful choice of accessories which come with this machine as standard. You get 5 different extra needles of different weights; some for knit and some for weave fabrics. Plus there's so many feet that I'm still learning what they all are. Buying all this stuff separately would cost you quite a bit, so the fact that it's included is a huge plus. Together all this stuff lets you tackle a variety of projects right out of the box.
- The instruction manual is really clear and goes through in detail what all of the stitches are suitable for, so it's not so scary to experiment with them."
Sews okay... Takes time getting used to.  The automatic needle threader came off and is difficult to use.  I may glue it back on. I'm using the machine mainly for crafts.
"I LOVE this machine!  I had a really old beater machine that barely made a straight stitch and this one is like from another galaxy!  100 possible stitches and I have used most on them!  they are awesome, varied and super easy to use - just type in a number and go!  they make flannel baby blankets unique.  the instructions are great and I started to sew the day I got it.  great machine!"
"I would love to tell you how great this thing works.  I bought it for my wife after she complained countless, and by countless I mean about 74 times, that her old machine ""sucks"" and doesn't work right anymore.  This was on her wish list.  So I bought it to try and ease her pain of a malfunctioning sewing machine.  It's been 6 months and it's still in the original packaging.  Unused, untested.  The 5 star review is for how much of an amazing decor this sealed box has made a difference in my office.  It's been a place holder for dozens of my coffee cups, clipboards, documents, my phone, beer and now a beautiful stand for a reading light that my wife has complained multiple times (43 times to be specific) about needing.  Kudos to this unopened box for being my new furniture piece in my office of multiple uses.  As for the actual functionality of the item, read someone else's review."
"I did a ton of research before purchasing this machine. It's worked like a charm, so far. The sturdiness of the frame really makes a difference, compared to the plastic construction of my previous machine, a Brother. It's been a dream not having to use a foot pedal!  The bobbin threads simply, auto threader is the easiest I've ever used and I love the convenience of the computerized thread stitches.  I'm so pleased Singer has lived up to their reputation!"
"Experience was well paid for. Ill buy new, next month."
Was looking for a replacement sewing machine for my wife..My daughter in law does a lot of sewing and recommend this one at a competitor ..After checking their prices buying it from Amazon was a no brainier..?My wife says this machine is awesome
Wife loves it!
The recipient loves this product
Easy to set up and use out of the box.
"We purchased this model as a family Christmas gift in 2015. It performed reasonably well for about 4 months. Sure - it often struggled with more than 2 layers of fabric (eg: back stitching a seam) or thick fabrics, but that's to be expected from an entry-level model.

Then the thing broke. In May the machine started returning a C4 error. The needle would go through perhaps 2 cycles before completely seizing up. We had done less than 50 hours of sewing - even for an entry-level machine this seems like an early demise. ""No problem,"" we thought. ""Singer has a 1 year warranty and we purchased the Asurion extended warranty! Surely they'll cover this.""

A quick email to customer service confirmed this to be the case. Unlike other warranties I've dealt with Singer DOES NOT cover shipping charges for warranty repairs.
""If you have a problem within the first year, you must take or ship your machine to one of the warranty centers on the list that we have provided. If you must ship the machine, the cost to ship the machine is at your expense.""

Great - we live in Austin, one of the largest cities in Texas! Surely there will be an authorized service center nearby! A quick glance at the list showed that there are only 3 service centers in all of Texas. One near Fort Worth, one near Houston and one in El Paso. Shipping the machine in for repairs (including professional packaging - without it they might just claim it was damaged in transit) would cost slightly less than half of what we paid originally.

A quick survey of people who sew on a regular basis reveals what we should have known earlier - Singer is not the reliable brand it once was. Their modern machines aren't built to last - they're built to ensure replacement as regularly as possible. Once the 1-year manufacturer warranty ends we're planning to work with Asurion directly to get the machine repaired. In the meantime we're looking at purchasing a more reliable machine from Brother."
"Has been a godsend and as a beginner, super quick to learn!!! Spent about 25 mins with a YouTube tutorial and practiced a bit (recommend doing) and I was good to go!"
"I bought this as my first sewing machine for a sewing class I finally took last night. Although I had received this product about a month ago, i waited until my class before I started to play with it. Even though I love it, the automatic threader didn't work. It doesn't do anything and to think about it, it's now just in my way."
AUTOMATIC THREADER DID NOT WORK!
I purchased this machine to replace my much loved Singer Stylist.  I am disappointed with its performance.  The machine lacks power and jams too easily.  I have already purchased a new machine.  I am very disappointed in this Singer product.
I never had a sewing machine before and by far this is the best :) I love the stitches and runs like a dream :) DVD along with book guilds you along without flaw :)  Thank you Singer !
item is as discribed
"I absolutely love this machine!! However, I cannot give it a good review. The first one I bought, the computer went out on. The machine was replaced under warranty. Yay!!
It has worked wonderfully for 3 years and died on me today. I think the motor burned up. So, I have to buy another machine and sadly it won't be another one of these."
"I hardly like anything about this machine. I had it a year or more before using it or I would have returned it. I very much hate the way it threads. The bobbin cover plate flies off when I push the release tab. It is currently missing in action from this maneuver and I'm pissed. I can't tell you how many times I've taken it apart to get fabrics and thread cleared from where it was chewed up by the fabric feed. Putting it back together is no picnic!  I can only wish the mess it makes as it chomps its meal of fabric flew off as quick as the damn bobbin cover. I hate that the foot release lever is to the right of rear of machine rather than up and down in the back. This machine loves to eat many of my chosen fabrics when I backstitch at start/finish of a seam. I suppose I could come up with enough positives about 7258 to counter the negative but this is far from my fave machine ever. I'm 65 and sewed my first garment at 5. I've sewn all my life on many machines. I've turned out some lovely things from 7258, but not without more trouble than I needed or wanted. It's 2 days later and the bobbin plate has not been located. I ordered one last nite. This beast is also a fabric/thread eating machine! Having to clean the remains of chewed fabric mess is a chore of epic proportion. Getting the whole works back together to where machine is willing to cooperate, one again, will try your patience beyond what it should be tried.it has to be exact."
I'm new to sewing and this machine is really simple to use. I wouldn't make anything complicated with this machine. The string tend to get stuck but that might be me.
"This is my third singer sewing machine in 20 Years. I am still getting used to it, my previous machine was simpler but seemed to have better functionality with the small details (thread cutter on this machine seems to be in an awkward place, automatic needle threader on this machine gets in the way frequently, and the backwards sew function is not precise as to when the needle stops and starts). The biggest annoyance I have with this machine is the foot pedal cord. I like running the cord behind the machine so it comes down the back of my table and to my foot (so there is no annoying cord in front of me or on my workspace, or running down the front of the table on which I am working. The way this machine is designed makes this impossible because the 1/8 inch jack for the cord is at the front right side of the machine and the cord is maybe 4 feet long. if I try to run the cord back and behind my work surface, the foot pedal just barely touches the floor - annoying. Can't just buy a longer cable because it's hardwired on. Can't find an extension anywhere. Have to have the machine at the right edge of the work surface to keep the cord out of the way. The machine sews well, just lots of small annoyances and seemingly poor design choices based on my preferences and previous experience."
Nice sewing machine for the money. It makes my second in my home. Grandchildren love to learn to so. Needed another.
"Very nice upgrade for my 9 year old daughter who can sew relatively well. She loves the designs it makes, it's easy to use and doesn't get tangled up like her old machine. Not super quiet but ok for noise level."
"I'm new to sewing.  I love this sewing machine.  I've made t-shrits for me and dresses and stuff for my niece.  I literally never sewed before but this sewing machine was perfect.  It's solid and has everything you need to get started.  Now that I'm a little more seasoned (i.e. I've been sewing for a couple of months) I want one that can do more stuff, but to be honest buying anything more fancy for someone who sews as hobby isn't really necessary."
"I love this sewing machine! It is simple enough for a beginner, but it offers much more! And it is sturdy enough for me to use! I've made multiple sets of curtains and altered clothing with it now for over a year. This is a fantastic basic machine."
It replaced my 30 year old Kenmore.  It does live up to the Award-Winning performance.
"This is a great sewing machine for people who like to sew a little. It has enough features to get creative, but no so many to be overwhelmed. I have used it to recover my outdoor cushions. I used canvas material and the machine worked great."
"I had an old sewing machine made out of metal - yes, metal parts.  This one is all plastic. but well made.  My old machine was so simple.  This one is digital and I'm having a little trouble getting the settings right.  It's a great machine though.  Will even make dinner for you..."
I'm very good use~
Great price for a great machine:)
"Of ALL the machines available, THIS is the one she wanted. She wasn't disappointed!"
Nice machine
"I decided that I wanted to sew so I bought a machine. I'm watching youtube videos to help with the learning process and thought that if I end up loving this, I didn't want a really basic model machine and then have to spend more money on an advanced model, so after extensive research, I chose this one and even though I haven't had it for long, I absolutely love it!

A little tip for fellow novices, to ensure you sew a straight line, put painters/masking tape to extend the line under the little foot."
"I'm really a novice when it comes to sewing. I'm interested in learning how to actually make clothing items, but I'm far from there yet. So far i've just used this for repairs to pants and what not. It replaces a Brother sewing machine I purchased at WalMart during a black friday promotion a few years back. That one was pretty bad - the thread always seemed to break no matter how I adjusted the tension.

This Singer machine is awesome, though. Compared to the brother it's almost night and day. I feel like Motel from Fiddler on the Roof when he gets his sweing machine. This not only does amazingly at basic sewing jobs (like my repair work) but I feel that I can really use this machine to start my sewing hobby. The computerized stitches are so cool and I tried them out on a few test pieces of fabric to see how they worked/looked. Very impressive! The only thing I couldn't get to work with no effort was the button hole feature. I think i just need to practice some more and also use a more robust fabric than an old tee shirt to try it out on. I'm very confident that this sewing machine will meet all of my sewing needs. I highly recommend it."
"i can not use the machine,i am based here in israel.  regretful! why this item allowed to purchase in countries that is not suitable to operate? my xcitement turned to dissappointment! advil please!!"
"Excellent machine for the price, and perfect for beginners."
"I have been sewing for decades-clothes, crafts, home decor. Have had several other machines. Can't bring myself to spend $4500 on the Babylock model the local sewing store tried to sell me. Just got this machine yesterday and have been playing with it since! Great machine for my purposes. Without question the easiest buttonholer I have ever tried. Runs very smoothly, wonderful fun variety of stitches, easy to use. Anxious to see how it holds up, but so far, so good! For the price, it does what I need for household sewing projects!"
"Great machine for beginners and small projects! I had some problems with thick fabrics. So, I don`t think it is a heavy duty machine."
I got this for my friend so she could make tutus and she loved it.
Wife loves the machine
"Right, so seriously, do the Chinese think we have the eyesight of Superman? Very hard to see the guide lines which are very abbreviated as well on the plate. Only other complaint is what a pain it is the change the needle. Other than that, does some great stitches and is easy to use. I'd recommend it."
Great buy. Works very well. Would definitely recommend
Fantastic could not ask for a better machine my mother in law loves it and my neighbor has made and quilted 14 quilts on hers.
"Bought this Singer as a gift for my wife. She had always helped her mom when she was kid making pillows, blankets, and curtains around their house. Now, she does the same but for our house. Since I have bought this sewing machine for her, she has made us curtains and pillows. She is very happy with this model and she plans to make a lot more things for around the house."
great product
"Works wonderfully, I am happy with it."
"The wife was looking for a small and somewhat lightweight sewing machine so we purchased this Singer 7256. Unfortunately the wife was used to her old large, heavyweight and easy to use Singer which is probably 50 years old and this new machine couldn't compare too. She found this new machine to not be able to sew through heavy materials and was more complex to thread and to operate with all of the new electronic features. Granted she doesn't use this machine often but when she does, every time she goes to set it up, the foot falls off and its a new learning experience. If you looking for an easy to use machine, look elsewhere."
Surprised my wife with this sewing machine. She loves it! Works well and exactly as described.
Good machine.
Love it!!
"I have been sewing since I was 10 years old.  The bobbin winder on this worked exactly 4 times.  Then the needle starting moving up and down when I was trying to wind the bobbin.  Reset, unplugged and started again.  Same thing.  I called Singer CS.  They were nice, but completely unable to help.  I was told to purchase a bobbin winder.  WHAT?????  Not great customer service.  Anyway, I live 40 miles from the closest repair shop, so I ended up buying a bobbin winder.  Yep, another $17.00.  This is why I have always purchased Elna.  And I'm going back today to sewing on my Elna until the bobbin winder arrives.  Insert ticked off face..."
"Received on time, bought for my sister who is fighting cancer and she loves it!"
Nice sewing machine.  Easy to use and has a very good assortment of stitches.
I really wish I hadn't bought this machine. I've had it for years and had constant troubles with it! The thread tension was the first thing to do but I was able to hack a way into making it passable for a while. Today I tried to fill a bobbin and I'm getting an E2 error message over and over. I can't continue to sew on my project. Apparently this is a common problem that Singer is aware of (I found a whole post on their Facebook about it that they have unhelpfully responded to). Now I will have to try to have it repaired to try and save some money while still in the middle of my project. From what I've read on other forums this may not even solve the problem long term. Please learn from my lesson and buy a different machine!
"Easy to use, perfect for beginners to intermediate level users."
Love it!
This machine works so well! I have never sewn before with a sewing machine and this machine has been great to start with.
I bought two of these for Christmas and birthday presents.  My daughters have enjoyed using them and so far haven't experienced any problems with them.  Great value!
"My second one, I have a very fancy other machine but prefer this one.  I am a skilled seamstress and it is a wonderful machine.  Bought it to take overseas with me and have used it for many home projects."
"I did order and received this machine in February, but I was in the hospital a couple of times having heart problems. Long story short, I didn't start sewing in it until April. After a few usings the needle hit a knot in the material and broke! I've had a lot of experience  in 50 yrs where the needle jammed and maybe even broke. But no other damage was done. This machine just stopped working properly. The attachment I had on bent slightly. I bought another attachment but that didn't solve the problem. The needle threader didn't thread, the gathering attachment didn't do right. I've broken a whole package of needles... I asked in  Ann Fabrics about sending the machine to get it fixed and they said it would cost $100. That's over half it's original cost.  I waited years to get this machine, staying with my old one until in absolutely stopped working.. Is there Anything you can do?"
"I'll probably never use all the stitches but it's nice knowing they are there. Seems to be good quality for the price. I've sewed 4 layers of marine viynl without problem. Thread tension adjustment works well.

I'm happy with my purchase."
"This machine is wonderful, quiet, and easy to program, it was present for my wife. Whenever I had to help my wife with the sewing machine, to clean it and certain adjustments that need all machines, but with this I wonder. I bought it because Singer indicates in its offer as it is built and this has its internal metal frame which gives confidence in their purchase, other brands do not indicate as are built. I see a very high price machines that do the same that Singer and Singer prices are available to anyone who wants a good tool either for your hobby or small business. Thank Singer by making available all good products."
"I've been sewing all my life. I grew up with my mom's old-school singer that was built into a table. In High School, she bought a new one that I've been borrowing ever since. I always wanted my own but assumed they'd be way too expensive. I was wrong! This machine is perfect! This is what I've been doing with it....

-sewing dresses and skirts with elastic and elastic thread (with many Ive been sewing on top of the elastic)
-sewing dog collars with thick nylon
-hemming jeans (I bought a jean needle and jean thread for this)
-tailoring men's shirts
-hemming yoga pants (I bought a twin needle for stretch fabric)

***All the extras I purchased from Amazon of course!

MANY of my products require several layers of heavy fabric and I've had no problems. I did have to return my first Singer Stylist as it made a funny clicky noise that made me nervous. However, Amazon let me return for free! My new machine is perfect! I was worried this machine that specializes in fancy/pretty stitches would not be heavy duty enough but so far it suits all my needs (as long as you buy the correct needles)! I have really put it to the test and have not been disappointed. My FAVorite feature is the automatic needle threader. I'll never go back! Thanks Amazon and Singer!"
It did everything my wife wanted it to. Great machine for the true beginner.
"I've purchased this for my Granddaughter. She is in 4H .  Sewing projects, that she has entered in the fair.. She has come home with several blue ribbons.  It's features give her several options to be more creative.  Thank you Singer."
I was suppose to receive $85. off if I opened a credit card. Got the machine. Got the card but nobody seems to know who was making the discount offer. I'm ready to send my machine back
It broke after one attempt at sewing
I like it. Thank you. A+++
Great! Easy to thread. I love the pre programme stitches. I have beginner-intermediate skills and this does the job for me. I love it!
"I haven't sewed in years so wanted a name brand one , and Singer is the best name brand. I purchased this and it is wonderful. Easy to use."
"Perfect for Beginners :)  My wife always wanted to get into making her own clothes, but was a little taken back by super complicated sewing machines.  I read reviews online about how easy this one was, and also how many flexible options it had even for pros.  So took a gamble and it totally paid off.  Now my wife is making her own stuff and couldn't be happier.

For those starting off for the first time, there are some really good tutorials we found online, some of them paid ( less than $20 for like 10 videos ).  They were actually very helpful and might be something you consider looking into as part of this purchase to help speed up learning."
"This is my first sewing machine, and I am impressed! It is super easy to use, and works wonderfully! I highly recommend!"
"Great machine, love the auto down/up needle feature and the speed adjustment. I've already put it to plenty of use sewing stuff for baby on the way!"
"I am just a beginner when it comes sewing, but I saw this machine on sale last year through Amazon Prime for less than $200.00, if I am remembering correctly. I have had several machines that were purchased for approximately $100.00 (with little to no experience, why spend a lot of money) and have always run into problems with the tension. With this machine I feel like a pro. I have been making quilt tops for the last six months sewing almost daily for hours at a time and besides changing bobbins and thread and brushing the lint build-up off, I have had no problems. This machine is awesome and I would definitely recommend it. It has no problems sewing through all the layers, but doesn't allow me to sew free hand. That in fact is my only drawback, as this machine will not let me adjust the dogs."
"Bought this for wife,  her old singer sewing machine was so noisy  and old I could hear it running on the other side of the house.  She uses her new one almost every day,  she likes it.  Completely  loves it"
like it so far
Great machine.  Worth every penny.
It's a awesome machine
"Love it, and that needle threader is great."
So far this machine has done exactly what I needed and wanted it to do and none of the things that I didn't want it to! I do a fair amount of basic sewing and it meets every need I have for it. The price was really hard to beat too!
Wonderful product!
I'm facing an E2 error and I don't really know how to fix it.
good sewing machine.
best little machine I have ever owned!
Wonderful machine for beginners but high enough quality that it will serve well into intermediate and expert skill levels! So easy to get started and use! GREAT value on Amazon!
Super easy to use with clear instructions.
"Easy to use great price ,love it"
"I bought this over a year ago and just opened it up this weekend and started using it.  It's a good machine, but I received none of the accessories -presser feet, etc.  I'm pretty disappointed about that."
just got it yesterday and I absolutely love it very good for a beginner and intermediate sewing
"She no time to work with it, ,,,"
Have thoroughly enjoyed brushing up on my sewing skills with this versatile machine.  I've used a variety of the available stitch patterns and am always pleased with the ease of selecting patterns and control of pattern width and stitch spacing.
I'm in love with this machine. I especially love the footless control and the programmable needle. I would highly recommend this to a beginner.
Great machine for the money.  Surprisingly light.  Very easy to use.  Works well with relatively heavy fabric
"love, love"
This machine has been perfect for me as a beginner sewer.
Good deal
Works great! Like it a lot!
"Purchased for my wife to replace an old Kenmore.  She loves it.  It has more capabilities than the Kenmore and is easy to use with the digital thread selector and automatic threader.  It is a good machine for beginners and intermediate users.  Comes with all the accessories you would expect.  The user's manual is on-line in video format, basically one short video for each function as well as one video that contains all the individual ones.  I assume most users will quickly pick up the techniques even without the videos, so expect to view them once or twice at most."
good
"I've had this machine about 1.5 weeks now. I replaced my last machine which was having some issues. So far this machine works great! I have been sewing together a cotton square and a terry cloth square (reusable towels) and have had no major issues so far (a bit of thread bunching but I think it was because I was going to fast). Overall this machine is great, I wish it came with an extended board though for larger projects.

PS: I typically stick to the basic stitches. I haven't had the machine long enough to trial some of the other features but it does the job I need it to and is easy for those who are just learning how to sew!"
I absolutely love this machine!!! It has an automatic needle threader!!!! It runs rather quiet and so very smooth. I love it. Comes with some fantastic widgets. Don't know how I ever wanted so long to get one of these.
"Very versatile, easy to set up and use. Instructions are clear and concise for basic sewing. A bit of trouble when stitching over seams, but that could just be my lack of knowledge."
This is a great sewing machine! Im a beginner and found it very easy to use.
Works great and comes with so many different settings! I'm so happy I went with the Stylist!
My mom bought this she really likes it but still learning her last machine is over 30years old.
As described and on time. She loves it.
"I'm enjoying the sewing machine.  Never really sewed much, and its been many years since I have. On my first  try on the machine I sewn 70 squares together to start my first quilt.  Shocked myself.  the machine is easy to thread and stitch changes are simple to do also."
"I am learning to sew and started with a like 50 year old Dressmaker machine that I did not have anything other than a standard foot with. I decided to get this one after my daughter had me try hers. I have sewn vests, and skirts, and dresses, and even made a couple cosplay outfits with it already. The selection of feet is incredible. The different stitches are amazing. The button hole feature is sheer magic!!! I love the manual. It is very helpful for a new person to sewing. The DVD is also a very nice add on for learning how to use some of the more specialized feet."
"Absolutely love it.  It threads itself, which was my biggest problem.  Now I can sew again!"
Really liking this machine! I don't know why took me soooooo long to upgrade...lol!
Great machine
Love it
I purchased this sewing machine after much research...It is a great beginning to intermediate level machine.  Love it.
love it-it is quiet---easy to operate-love the many different stitches
"I got this as a Christmas gift and it is a GREAT little machine.  Lots of presser feet that are easy to change out, the speed control is great, and it's easy to wind and load the bobbin.  Only minor gripe is it's a little finicky to thread, but that didn't take too long to get the hang of.  All in all, I've been able to crank out some really great clothes from this machine with all different types of fabric."
"From a perspective of craft seeing this is a great machine. Smooth, quiet stitching and quality stitches. One immediate issue that I found was in winding the bobbin. So bad that I will likely use a bobbin winder separately. After researching fixes I found this is common issue for users of this machine. Not a deal breaker for me but not a 5 star either."
"I love it!  It has only one flaw that I can see, in the design, not in the essential machine.  The connector cord with the foot pedal is too short for my sewing table, which is a computer desk, and the desk if exactly the right height for me to sew.  This desk is not for unusually sized persons, but for the average person.  My previous Singer had a longer cord and fitted easily over the back of the cabinet and down to the floor.  This one barely reaches the floor and is at an awkward angle for my foot."
"I read reviews like crazy before purchasing big items like this - after deciding to go for it - I'm so glad I did. I LOVE this sewing machine. I am a beginner and I'll tell you - you have everything you need. You don't realize how much the needle position button is a god send & the pedal runs fast. The fact that I don't have to worry about tension and all that is a nice take off my mind. I don't have a lot to spend on sewing machines & I got this one for a good price on the Deal of the Day - absolutely worth it. I haven't used more than 4 of the 100 different stitches but I am going to try them out at some point. The bobbin is placed on the top for easy access - which is awesome because I've had bobbins where I have to place them in sideways and they were always a pain. I've sewn with polyester, cotton, vinyl and stretchy material *my leggings had a hole in them* and the needle & machine has held up through all of that. I don't use it every day - so, I don't know what kind of beating it can take, but so far - so great!

It comes with a soft plastic cover case - and detailed instructions to use it properly."
"Seems light weight but has smooth operation and heavy duty mechanism. Stitching is neat,"
Love it so far!
It works great I love it!
This machine is a dream!!
nice sewing machine
"I am still learning this new machine.  I like the hand control because, I now have a pub table and my feet do not reach the floor so the foot pedal would not work."
"This machine is wonderful! Simple, yet powerful with lots of stitch options- SO easy to use, and super simple to move around or put out of the way."
"She unwrapped it at Christmas as was ecstatic because it's what she's been mentioning and want for a long time. See? Husbands do listen. Now that we have it, it works amazingly at hanging things off of, holding things down, and collecting dust. If you are searching for a new closet, just buy one of these, as it serves the same purpose. I will edit review once it's plugged in and used."
"Wonderful, for the cost this is an effective starter machine. It makes sewing easier for novice users. Comes with a very good DVD with lots of good information for first time sewers."
Amazing!!
I love it! Excellent machine for the price.
"I love this machine!  Light weight, acurate stitching"
Great product easy to use
Great item
"If you have a limited amount of money and huge dreams.... this is the machine for you. I was brought up on the Singer name brand, learned to sew on one, was satisfied with mine (a $25.00 second hand zig zag machine) but dreamed of the 'big names'.  I sew a lot, for myself, and family, and thought seriously of going all out. If you are thinking the same thing, and want an intermediate level machine, get this one. Research it. You won't be disappointed."
"Love it!  Light, easy to carry, quiet.  Just what I needed for sewing class."
"Still have not use, Good price."
Very nice sewing machine
"Great machine for getting the job done, I have a little trouble with the automatic threader, I'm just probably not using it correctly. Other than that, this machine is perfect for beginner and advanced."
bought this for daughter  loved it so much bought one for myself  it sews so smooth also bobbin last for ever almost
"Lots of features and does what is is supposed to. It shakes a lot when sewing. Inserting the bobbin takes a little getting used to. It feels like they cut corners to keep costs down. If I could have done it again, I would have gotten the Brother at the same $200 price point."
"I did a lot of research about sewing machines and most professionals told me to stay away from Singer. When I ran into this deal on Amazon, I thought to give it a try. I am amazed - this machine is so easy to use, has a multitude of features and run very smooth. My last machine was very old and I then have not been sewing for years. This is great for me as a beginner, intermediate sewer for quick clothing projects without too many details. I am sure the machine could handle it, but not my patience. The little details make the machine so easy to use (needle always returns to top, numbered threading path, super good light and more). I also like that it is not so bulky and I can leave it out on my home office / hallway desk without it looking too big. The manual is very good and so is the DVD that comes with it. Same videos are also on YouTube which is a great source for sewing tips in general."
"This replaced a Brother Project Runway home embroidery machine (this only lasted 2 years).  After 2 unhappy Brother purchases, both times it was tension issues. Today, due to the cost of repairs vs the cost of a new machine, purchasing a new machine seemed to be the better option. I decided it was time to go back to Singer and skip the home embroidery options. This machine is meeting my expectations. I just have to get used to a little different ""auto-threading"" feature. It should definitely serve my home sewing needs and I am looking forward to many years of home sewing with this machine.
An addendum to original review:  Machine has already needed to be tuned and have a part replaced at the cost of $80. Problem was ""nesting"" of the bobbin thread and needed a replacement of the bobbin case after only 6 months of use. Would not buy this machine again."
Love the product and a steal.  Thanks.
"good little machine.  I replaced my old heavy duty Necchi.
Of course, it takes a little getting used to how different it is and threading/bobbin, etc.
Only complaint I have is on any larger types of items (and reason I deduct one star) is that the ""inside"" is tight between the needle and machine body so when you are trying to turn anything, it is too bulky to easily handle.  I sew patches on jackets as an example and to turn the jacket is impossible, so I have to lift up, take out and sew the patch in three or four different directions to get it all sewn on.  I've owned machine almost a year now.  Don't use it very often, mainly for repairs and such, but I like it and can't be beat for the price."
"One of the best purchases I had. My wife doesn't stop using it!
For years my wife keep asking me for a sewing machine. For her birthday I decided to surprise her with one. As she never used a sewing machine before I looked for something which is easy to use and for beginners, after a research I found the Singer 7258 Stylist, which was a perfect fit to my wife, there are a lot of options for stitching types, and the automatic closing straight stitching mechanism really make this machine easy to use, especially for beginners.
The machine operation is so intuitive that even when errors are raised my wife easily fix them.
It also includes an hidden compartment to store all the accessories the machine comes with.
It was the best Birthday present I gave my wife ever."
It has become my favorite sewing machine I have ever had!
Love it and so easy to use as I replaced my 50 year old Singer that knotted my thread.  This was quick set up with good instructions and so worth if for lower cost than I probably spent on my old one in my teen years.
"I wish that the manual that shows you how to set it up was more specific.. it took me a hot second to figure out how to thread the machine, but eventually I got it. Otherwise, I've really enjoyed it."
Very satisfied after 4 months of use.  The girls use it with no problems...aged 7 and 10.  Great for starting out and for experienced sewers.  The included DVD is great for teaching younger kids how to use the machine.
Great Product. Easy to use and recommended to all.
Very happy to have this awesome item
I got this as a lightning deal and it was a great deal.  The same sewing machine at a chain store sells for much more.  This machine works great.  Easy to thread and easy to use.  Option between using the pedal or not.  It has 100 stitch settings.  I don't think I'll ever use most of them.
i also wanna give award to this item
"Love this machine. So many stitches and options.  Our child asked for this as birthday present after researching on their own, we also researched, and got for them.  Nice and compact, yet able to do large sewing...Love it!!"
Good sewing machine.  Many stitches.
This is a great machine I absolutely love it. I'm just a beginner with sewing-machines and this does everything you could possibly need and more it's fun and addicting to use and play with all its features. Whether you have ever used a sewing machine or not this is the best in my opinion it's cheap in price not qualify very well made of course it's a singer and I believe singers are the best brands out there plus they have been around for years 
NO instruction manual with it.  VERY disappointed.  Called Singer and they sent a DVD that didn't work.  I'm sure it'll work if someone can show me how to thread the thing
VERY GOOD QUALITY MACHINE.  GOOD SHIPPING
My gf really enjoy it I would recommend to anyone
I would love to buy this for my mom
Easy to use comes with everything it says. Can't wait to start making clothes for my family.
Beautiful machine!
very good
"This replaced my old sewing machine (50 plus years old) and has been a real thrill to learn to use. I feel like a professional seamstress (which I'm not). So far I've only made a few things, but it's fun and easy to work with this machine. I have not yet figured everything out, but that's my fault, not the fault of the machine. One of the most impressive features of this Singer machine, to me, was that it comes with an actual instruction book - PRINTED ON PAPER - that you can look things up in. Haven't seen one of those in many years, for any appliance of any kind. I've used it many times already."
Good machine for the money.
"Great machine! I bought this one as my first grown up machine and I am thrilled with it. I have been using it for a few months and have no complaints. It was very easy to set up and the extra stitches are fast, secure and pretty! I would highly recommend this machine for everyone!"
I love my sewing machine. I've never sewed before however it's good for a beginner
My husband bought this for me for Christmas and in less than 3 months I've had a lot of issues with the bobbin holder where the machine just won't pick up the thread. We've adjusted it several times but it doesn't take long before it's popped out of whack again. Projects that should just take minutes have taken me hours! My old cheapy Walmart machine that lacked all the cool functions worked better than this.
I love the machine but the needle threader doesn't work well
"I have been using my sewing machine for many projects and it is ""sew"" easy to use.  I love it!"
Excellent
Great machine. My dauther works so good with it.
I sew a lot and this machine is a workhorse.  I've used maybe a third of the stitches so far but will likely try them all soon.  It is easy to thread the bobbin and machine.  All I can say is that I strongly recommend it.
Bought for Fiance.  She loved it!  Pretty easy to use.
"Have used Singer machines for 40 years.  This product has some nice features, but is not built to last.  I foresee issues with presser foot lifter as it is located on the right side of the shaft and interferes with fabric feed on bulky projects. The seam guides are small and short and virtually useless unless you use the 1/4 inch guide. The plastic bobbin cover is not sturdy and will work itself loose. I do like the stitches and they are easy to work with."
"This is an awesome sewing machine. It comes with everything that you could want- 100 different stitches, a bunch of extra foots and a bunch of bobbins! It runs really smoothly and is relatively quiet. I've had it for about 6 months now and haven't had a single problem with it. Definitely recommend this machine!"
I am a beginner when it comes to sewing...but this machine makes me feel like a pro!
I bought this for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she loves it.  It's a nice middle of the road machine.  It sews really well so for the money I would say it's a good buy!
Great sewing  machine and the price was awesome!
love the start/stop button. I got a singer simple for a gift and had nothing but trouble I was scared to buy this but my mind is at ease. It's really quite and very easy to sew straight. I like the feel and look of it. I don't understand how to work the needle threader.
"Worst machine that I had used,
Bought it in Amazon trying to fix c4 error did not get through, I am deftly going to fight for refund on this ....
Kindly let me know if anyone has gone through this"
is very good recommend
"Great sewing machine, easy to follow instructions out of the box and it works like a charm!"
l have had machine for a week now and love it.  Cant wait til I hae the time to learn all about the decorative stitches.  I sew for my 3 year old granddaughter and she is fascinated with me sewing for her.  I have already made her her Easter outfit and have another outfit already cut out ready to sew!!  I LOVE MY NEW MACHINE!!  This is the 4th Singer Sewing Machine I have bought....
Keeps on getting Jammed. Need to take in in for survive after 3 times of use.
"This machine works will with many fabrics, is easy to use, and is light, easy to move around. I am glad I made this purchase."
I got this for my mom! She is disabled and has been wanting something to do. This is a very easy one for her to use because it has an auto threader and is not complicated. She loves it.
Love love love this machine! Amazing deal and I highly recommend it to any of my sewing friends looking for a new machine!
great machine
Good quality. Loved it!
Love love love this machine!!! My husband  bought this for my birthday 3 years ago never opened the box till 3 days ago. In 3 days I've made 4 decorative pillows and some little things. I'm a beginner sewer  and it's the easiest machine to use:)
"Great machine, does everything I expected"
"Amazing, my wife and daughters love it..."
Love this machine! So easy to use and super user friendly!
I love it
Have thoroughly enjoyed sewing on this machine. I am relearning to sew again and this is a great machine to learn on.
"Sewing is fun again! Gone are the days of lugging out that heavy old sewing machine and dreading fighting a never ending battle with it breaking all the time. Haven't had a new sewing machine...ever. My old one was a hand me down from my mom, that she used and let us use in the 90's. Couldn't afford what I thought every seamster should have and low and behold, you don't need a $2,000 sewing machine to sew. The only thing I am ignorant on, is all the new features that have been added since the 90's. All the stitches and programing them...but its fun and in time I will figure it out but I love the thing and glad I bought it and didn't have to give my first born for it."
"I got this as a deal of the day, I am not a big seamtress but I love having it for small jobs. I made a weighted quilt for my daughter for her birthday and lots of mending. For the price it just can not be beat! It's so easy to use and I love all the fancy stiches and it's easy to use them! Every home needs a working sewing machine."
What a machine!!!! It does everything. Very simple to operate. I'm happy with this purchase. Looking forward to the many projects.
Love it Love it Love it. Easy to use.
"Love, love, and love!"
"good product,"
my daughter really likes her machine.
Very quiet compared to my old sewing machine. Changing stitches is easy.
I'm not  real happy with the performance it unthreaded easy wish I would have got another model
"Easy enough for my granddaughter to use, once I figured out how to thread it!"
"I really like this machine. I don't do a lot of heavy sewing, but this machine has way beyond what I think I'd need, for a good price, and without being complicated to use at all. Never had it jam, bind up, or anything like that, and it's easier to load than many others I've used."
"just right, easy to use"
Nice machine for the price.  Easy to use.
It was a gift but seems to be doing its job.
used for less the 3 hours but so far it is working great
Amazing machine and well worth the money
"I got this for my bestie ... who has minimal sewing experience. I thought her how to use it via facetime! She loves it and now she wants to sew everything !!! lol ...

This machine was crazy cheap, especially because they had free shipping to Hawaii!! with Prime of course !!!"
all good
"I make my quilt tops on a sewing machine and hand quilt. I also consider my machine sewing skills as intermediate. Replaced my 20+ year old Brother with this. So nice to have pieces feed under the needle without fighting to keep them straight. This machine works great piecing quilts and I like the Auto tensioning. I was specifically looking for a machine that I could use a walking foot on, which I bought separately. This model is advertised as having a quarter inch foot coming with it which was another reason I decided on this machine; well it didn't. Very disappointing to say the least and I would have given 5 stars accept for this.
Yes, the bobbin cover has a quarter inch line on it but the quarter inch foot was what I wanted.
I do like the storage area; great idea. Design for the storage area would be nicer if it was flat with the rest of the table top but can work around that.
Have only used it for straight stitching and going through several layers,am pleased with the results. I would recommend this machine for someone who doesn't want to spend a lot but get a very useful sewing machine."
Good quality sewing machine.  Very happy with my purchase
"I'm new to sewing, so this is my first sewing machine.  It's very easy to use and learn, and sews very well.  It's a sturdy machine with tons of fun features!"
"I love sewing and have been for quite a while but with just moving into an apartment and not having a sewing room, I needed something more mobile. This little machine is perfect for me! It has plenty of capabilities that I use for alot of my clothes and is light enough that I can tuck it away or take it with me for sewing with friends!"
"It's a Singer... need I say more?  I may have to watch the DVD and study the directions, but only to make sure I can fly her all the way!!!  I was actually sewing within 5 minutes of taking her out of the box!"
"I have had several singer sewing machines in my lifetime but have to say I really love this one. So quite, easy to operate and lightweight.  Worth the money."
"I bought it back in December and yesterday actually tried using it for the first time. As soon as i tried sewing i got C4 error. I checked every possible issue, but everything seems to be fine. Can't get rid of the error though. Amazon was very helpful and let me replace the product. Hopefully i'll have better luck this time."
"After hinting for years that I wanted a sewing machine my husband gave this to me as a Christmas gift. I LOVE IT!! I haven't used a sewing machine in two decades so I was slightly nervous to get started.  I watched the included DVD, sat down with the easy to read directions, and within minutes I had loaded my bobbin, threaded the machine, and began to sew. :) I've put a lot of hours on 'er, and never had a single issue."
"Great little machine. For the price this thing is really packed with features that I thought were just an added bonus but now I feel like they make my life so much easier. And lots of extra accessories are a plus. Comes with a nice little dust cover and very easy to understand start up instructions. The instruction book also describes all the functions very well.

So far, no issues at all."
I love my sewing machine! So if inexpensive and simple...which I love. Great value!
I am still learning everything this machine has to offer  I am very happy with my purchasing .
Great value and quality
"For the price and the functions this was a great addition throwing out my 10 year old machine.  It is self threading and light and something I should have purchased long ago.  I don't sew often and don't need all the bells and whistles and this does exactly what I need, self threads and works well.  The amount of stitching available is an added bonus.  Easy see through bobbin casing.  Not sorry at all for this purchase.  Purchased on black Friday and did well with the price."
"I purchased this machine last February and was unable to use it until now due to issues with my hands. I have had 2 Brother machines prior to this and never any issues. I liked the idea of the computerized stitching for my quilting. As soon as I tried to wind the bobbin to get started......error code E2. Nothing in the manual regarding error codes. Went online and researched and found it is a common problem. Called Singer who told me I had to ship it to Indiana (I live in Ohio) and also pay for insurance to cover any damages. By the time I do this, I'd have a down payment on another machine! I found where some people had to have it fixed more than 2 times and still had the issue. DO NOT BUY!!"
5 stars
"Got it for Christmas, made all my Christmas gifts on it with no problems.  I had been using a Singer 301 and 401 models, so this is much smother, maybe not as powerful for machine quilting."
Smooth experience.
Works great right out of the box!  Awesome machine so far.  I would say my daughter is a bit more advanced. I'm a beginner and it works great for both of us.
"This sewing machine has met all of my expectations and I am quite pleased with it, especially considering the price. It is a smooth running and quiet machine, user friendly and includes a great instruction guide to help with any of the things that you can't figure out on your own. I am a beginner to moderate sewer and this machine is much easier for me to use than some of the older ones I have had before. It is a delight to have such a modern yet well built machine! It's not too heavy and has a handle on top for easy moving."
"Excelent product, low noise and easy to work on, good presentation and performance.

Highly recomend it!!!!."
Good buy
"My husband bought me this machine for Christmas. I love it! This machine is perfect for beginners. I have a little bit of sewing knowledge from my mom teaching me here and there growing up. However, I have never actually sewn anything from start to finish. I have managed to make several decent creations. I have made a quilt using 5 x 5 squares, a few quilted boxes, and some infinity scarfs. I have had no issues working with this machine. There is a start button on the machine. I actually have not even used the foot pedal yet. Overall, I am really happy with this machine. I have been wanting a sewing machine for quite some time and did a lot of research. Every time I would consider another machine I would always come back to this one. I ended up buying this for $125.00 as a Deal of the Day. I could not have gotten a better machine at this price."
Bought this as a gift to a first time sewer.....she loves it...she had no problems learning how to use it..the ease of use for her first time on a sewing machine was great.
great machine
Love it!!!
"Works awesome. Super easy to set up and use for a first time sewer. There are a lot of stitches, lots of extras for the price and the machine is very smooth. We recommend this machine."
"So far, my singer is great.  Especially the auto tension feature.  Have made a dress, apron, and slacks since receiving it."
I GOT THIS FOR CHRISTMAS AND I LOVE IT I HAVE NOT HAD ANY ISSUES WITH IT AT ALL.  I HAVE BEEN NON-STOP SEWING EVERYDAY SINCE CHRISTMAS AND IT WORKS LIKE A CHARM.
I have bought this machine twice... when its working its great and easy to use but both machines have spontaneously had tension issues. I was always using the automatic tension and after awhile the machine can't properly sew a stitch.
This machine does more than I even expected. A great price too!
thanks
"I have never had so much fun sewing!!! Love this machine! Granted, my old machine was an industrial mad Brother that was about 40 years old, bequeathed from my grandmother. It was definitely serviceable, but it was time for new. Great value for the reasonable price!"
The basic functions did not work.
Everything I expected and even more...I really do love this machine.  I wish I would have purchased it much sooner.  It would have saved me a great deal of aggravation!  Thanks Singer!!!
love it
love my machine. I use it all the time. Best gift ever!!!!
I bought this machine because it had good reviews and because I was looking for something that had a lot of modern features that were easy to use.  The book and DVD that came with the machine are really helpful in learning how to use the machine.  It came with all the accessories I will ever need.  I am a novice when it comes to sewing and I hope to be able to teach myself to become more experienced with this machine.  The only extra thing I had to purchase was a case to hold it when not in use.
"So easy to use and just what I needed, perfect machine for repairs and sewing crafts & clothing!!"
"I'm beginner-intermediate level in sewing and owed a basic sewing machine with 20 stitches. I was afraid this 70-stich computerized feature might be too complicated for me. But it is actually not too difficult to learn. There are more stitches for hemming (which I do a lot) than my old sewing machine, and you can so easily adjust the size/space of the stitches. Plus, I really like the ""Top Drop-In Bobbin System with Clear Cover"" feature, especially when I not sure whether I will have enough threads from the bobbin to finish my project. I can monitor the bobbin while I sew..."
My daughter has been crafting all over the place.  Worth the investment!
I am not much of a Seamstress but this little machine does everything I need it to do and then some.
Love it!
Love it!  Only issue is with light weight fabrics it tends to sew down between the feed dog.  But it may be more related to operator error :)
"This is the first sewing machine I've used that has lasted more than a year. I've been very happy with most features, only s few little things I would wa t to see different, particularly with the automatic needle threader."
Love this machine it is so easy to use.  So much more than my mothers old Singer machine!  It even has a simple needle threader.
"although initially it sewed well and was easy to use, LESS than a month into use it developed a noise and quicky became non usable..warranty ?? although I live in a city of OVER 1,000,000  there is NO authorized Singer service center..so useless. This purchase has made me rethink buying things too heavy and bundlesome on AMAZON to easily send back AND Singer ? The name used to mean quality...no more it seems  :-("
This machine is easy to learn and to use.  Better than more complex (and expensive) previous machines we've tried.
My wife loves it.
This singer is so easy to use. I am a beginner and I absolutely love it. It moves so easily and freely. My first singer was noisy and not gentle but I don't have any complaints over this singer stylist.
My wife loves it
"This is a champ, I got this one a deal from Amazon over Christmas and so far my wife (and I) love it. We had an older Singer and this is it's replacement the learning curve at first seems steep but very quickly you will be sewing like a pro."
"Had to figure out the threading instructions but after that, I love it."
Happy
This is so easy to use and to retread.  This threader did break on me just after i got it but is a good machine for the money.
This is a great buy. Cheaper than local stores
Light weight and easy to use.
"This is my first ever sewing machine! And I'm just a beginner! All I can say is...Amazing! Talk about A sewing machine for dummies . It has directions that help you figure the machine out with no hassle!

I did figure out the automatic threading after 4 failed attempts. However, I prefer threading it manually! I also love the presser foot attachment!

I'm still in the process of teaching myself! But, I couldn't have picked a better, easy-to-use machine for the job! It inspires me to want to learn quickly, so I can start making beautiful dresses and accessories for my kids!"
Happy as can be.  I was hoping I could sew patches on my leather motorcycle vest with this machine.  Put a Singer brand leather leather needle on it with a long straight stitch and it does a terrific job!
excelente
"I just needed a simple sewing machine for hemming and simple sewing.  So far so good.  I sewed the hems of my husband's pants for now.  The CD that comes with the sewing machine was helpful.  The booklet is a big help too.  I am still learning this machine, as I haven't sewed on a sewing machine in years.  I love the arm of the machine that can detach for sewing pants.  I may be calling Singer is I have any sewing questions.  The customers at Amazon are very helpful with product questions if they bought the same product.  I am happy with the sewing machine."
It is kind of hard to get use to. The instructions on threading the bobbin and and the needle are complicated and the instruction book does not explain it very well. I love the performance once I finally got it threaded.
Ok!
"I used to sew years ago, so was looking for an in-between sewing machine that pros use, but that is also easy to re learn. I have been doing a ton of sewing on DIY wedding garland and table runners and find that it really is easy to use and works beautifully. Im still getting a hang of the pressure on different fabrics and it is insanely dusty right away which is hard for me to clean with the little brush they provide, but other than that its awesome!"
I purchased this one sale on I believe Black Friday on Amazon.  I didn't need another machine since I have two other machines (Juki and Janome) but I am glad I purchased this.  Very easy machine to use.  This is my first computerized machine and I love it.
"Gave it to Amvets.  Always was breaking down.  Had it fixed and it coat me over $100.00.  Worked for a couple of weeks and then broke again.  It was said to me, ""They don't make singers like they used too.  They're made to much out of plastic now.  I really felt sooooo disappointed."
Love it!!!
"Bought this for my 8 year old daughter.  I am not a seamstress, I don't sew at all, it was easy to set up and use.  One feature I really like is the ability to control the speed of the foot pedal. Since I don't sew I was able to put it on a slow speed to get the feel of sewing machine. Then as I became more comfortable I put the speed at a faster pace."
"Pretty good, I love It."
"Works well,  quick delivery."
"Was more than I expected.  Works well, is quiet and does everything I want it to do.  Price was wonderful."
"This machine is a little gem.  I have a very expensive and frustrating Swedish made machine, but use this one unless I am doing very specific tasks.  I wanted to add to my review.  I have been doing a good bit of sewing with machine, and I am still quite pleased with it.  I have three machines in my sewing room, a high priced Swiss Machine (quite a few thousand dollars)  another import with a good reputation (Japanese)  which is a good machine for practical purposes, and this machine.  I had a ""learn to sew"" class today, and three of the students left class with the intention of buying this machine after having a bit of hands on sewing time with this machine"
"It did not work correctly when we got it. My wife assumed she was doing something wrong and set it aside to use
when she retired. She eventually took it to
a sewing machine repair shop to be looked at. He said the timing was off and he sees a lot of these come from the factory
like this so it seems the factory is coming up short on Quality Control. We spent 85 dollars to repair and now it works great."
I love my new machine!  It works so well and has so many features!  I have found it easy to use and I love the fact that it came with a DVD as well as an instruction manual.
I received this for Christmas.  I love it.  I have done some small quilting projects and I has worked great.  My favorite thing about this machine is it will go as slow or as fast as you would like.  I would highly recommend this especially for beginner sewers.
I haven't used it yet. Just the thought of a new sewing machine after 52 years gives me a thrill. The fact that it is a Singer thrills me to death!!
"Singers are not what they use to be. The computerized sewing machines are more likely to have more problems than just a simple machine. I brought this machine and first time using it, it says code C1 error which means that it thinks it is suppose to be sewing instead of winding the bobbin. The light on the machine doesn't help to line up fabric seam width since its on the left and the measurements are on the right. It does come with lots of different accessories but if the machine doesn't function properly there's no point."
"Great sewing  machine for beginners and masters alike. Love love love this machine, easy to use and does great work. :)"
"This sewing machine is a well-oiled engine.  Wow...  Sturdy, consistent stitching...the automatic foot pressure thingy (sorry, I'm not a professional seamstress) is fantastic and I can't tell you how many awesome button holes I've done ALL BY MYSELF.  This is a great machine.  My only complaint is the spool holder on the top.  Why on earth have it on a slant??  I've already had two spools get pulled off of it and have since rigged my own spool holder to avoid the problem.  Other than that, I'm in love with this machine."
It looks okay but no directions whatsoever!
"As a beginner at sewing, I had absolutely no clue what I was getting into when I purchased this machine. Between fiddling with it and following the manual and how-to guide I learned the basics and have been making burp cloths, blankets, and bibs for my kids. This is an excellent machine to learn on, and my more advanced seamstresses in the family enjoy using this machine as well. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a machine with impressive capabilities while working within a budget. It is truly a great price for such an impressive machine. I would suggest that anyone planning to do a good amount of sewing also order spare bobbins, as not many come with this machine. I particularly enjoy the thread cutter and auto bobbin winder. If you're looking for a great machine, look no further!"
This is my first sewing machine and it is so simple to use! I received it as a Christmas present this year and love the different patterns!
Smooth running and a terrific machine for the price.
"The lever that the thread goes through does not seem to come out of the machine enough to be able to thread.  Has anyone else had this issue?  If I could only get this going, I would probably give it 5 stars.  Not sure if I need to return it."
The perfect starter machine for my 8 yo.
"excellent machine, lots of features. Learning to quilt with it and do other projects"
I love this machine. I just broke it and have to get it repaired (my fault)  Nice stitching and easy to use.  Wonderful machine.
Good price for this item and appeared very easy to use for even a beginner
"Straight out if the box the tension was off and we couldn't adjust it. In addition, the bobbin doesnt stay in place."
"Got this for my daughter for Christmas and she is loving it!!!  The instructions are great for us beginners and it works great!  All the options make it fun for her to make many different stiches.  It also helps you thread the thread thru the needle which is awesome, makes it way easier!!!  We are still learning all the things it does but I highly recommend this for anyone especially beginners, makes learning fun!"
My teenage daughter enjoys this machine to learn to sew on
"wife loved it, got attached to it and hasn't looked back, quick delivery"
Very versatile and well reviewed sewing machine. Arrived quickly and ready to use. Comes with instructional DVD as well.
"This is my first ever sewing machine and I must say I am in love with it! Being able to preset the pedal speed allows for more control while handling the fabric. My first project was making Christmas stockings for myself and my boyfriend and the machine performed beautifully. I found that the motor was fairly quiet as well.

I can't wait to figure out how to use the rest of the features on this machine!"
Great item.
"I was using a regular electric sewing machine (probably 10-15 year old model) and it was a pain in the butt. Constantly rethreading the needle and adjusting the tension when moving to new materials/fabrics became very detrimental to actual productivity.

As a 25 year old male who likes to mend/fit clothes better every now and again, this machine allows me to get the job done without having to learn too much about machine sewing technique. Just use the automatic needle threader and get to work. Before you know it, I'm done with my project and on to the next one! It really takes the frustration out of sewing."
"After watching the dvd, my sewing skills came flowing back. This is a super machine and very easy to use."
Love it!
This sewing machine is extremely easy to use and has great instructions included. It has a small storage drawer and stitch type pictures shown directly on the front of the machine. Great machine for someone who needs to see occasionally or who is just starting how to learn the art!
"I've been using this machine to learn to sew for a couple months.  It is the first sewing machine I have ever owned so I can't make a comparison.  But, it is easy to use and doesn't jam on me so far.  The included video is helpful.  I've made lots of items on it and hope to make lots more!"
My husband bought me this sewing machine about a year ago. I am a beginner and found it really easy to operate. I took a sewing class and became familiar a little more familiar with the machine. I find myself using this machine at a minimum of once a week to do projects and have not had any problems at all.  I love this machine so much.  I am looking forward to doing more this year. I rate this machine 5 stars and would recommend this machine for any beginner!!
My daughter loves it. She is a beginner and learned quickly with this sewing machine. No complaints here!
"Bought it for my wife, she loves it."
I love it
"I used this machine for the first time today to alter a gown. I am sew in love with it! Everything is soooo easy to do: wind bobbins, thread needle, select and change settings! This is my ""big girl"" machine and I am very happy with this choice (I'm in my 30s)."
My daughter loves it.
My wife is loving her new sewing machine. What more can I say? Sews all kinds of patterns. She is impressed!
Great Machine Bravo Singer
"very good Singer my mom got one, my mother in law got one and now my wife get one Amazing machine. You can buy one with yours eyes closed. I recommend it"
"I'm a sewing novice, but this machine has been a breeze to learn with. The instructional dvd was a good overall introduction and the machine cake with a pretty good variety of acccessories."
"This machine was given to me as a Christmas gift and I was so excited to get it ready to use. But, to my surprise this machine is noisy, makes god awful rattling noises and can't even sew any so called ""Decorative"" stitches. They all turn out sloppy, frayed and on more solid looking stitch patterns, the thread doesn't completely fill in the design. You pay all this money for a machine you expect to beCSat least decent quality and be able to sew the stitch patterns it claims its capable of. Unfortunately, this machine is not capable what so ever, I've been sewing for a while and had read the manual to see if I had done something wrong, and everything I had doe was correct! And I know it wasn't the material, as it was simple cotton muslin(practically the easiest material to work with).  This machine weighs a ton as well. It seems to be good quality out of the box, with a metal frame and sturdy plastic exterior. However this machine is sturdy in all the wrong places, especially if it can't even sew properly. If you want a machine mainly for garment construction I highly recommend the Brother Project Runway Limited Edition CS5055PRW, I have this one as well and it is fantastic! Please do not buy this machine."
Excellent!!
Cute
Yall don't understand this has made sewing a breeze. Drop in bobbin saves time. Several different feet including a embroidery foot. I'm in love I hadn't sewed for ten years honey and now I'm sewing all the time
"I'm no expert when it comes to sewing. I had gotten another brand name sewing/embroidery machine a few years back and I think I used it 10 times and that was just the sewing part. The bobbin thingy was way too complicated.
I've been looking for a sewing machine for a while now. Something simple and easy to use. Yay! I finally found one.
This SINGER 7258 is perfect for me. I still have a long journey with it, figuring out what is what and how. But so far, it seems to be doing great. I'm finding the instructions very easy and it's super simple to use.
All the parts function with ease. I had no issues setting it up or reading the user manual.
LED Display Screen is clear and easy to understand
Needle is easy to thread.
The reverse button I found out that you don't have to even use the peddle. It just automatically goes in reverse when the button is pushed.
The peddle pushes smoothly, not sticking or any issues.
Overall I'm quite happy with this sewing machine. If any changes arise, I will come back to follow up.

[i did NOT receive this item at any discount nor for free for my honest and unbiased review. my opinion is that of my own."
Sews like a dream. Someday I might even figure out how it all works.
"My wife has always wanted a sewing machine. I could not resist this when I saw it. It is SINGER, mind you. Good buy at 65% discount!!"
Love it - my 14 year old daughter asked for a sewing machine for her birthday. Its perfect and she has been having a great time learning how to use all the different stuff on the machine. It comes with an instruction DVD that was well done and easy for her to understand. Came quickly and in perfect condition.
"When I got it I couldn't wait to use it. Unfortunately, the automatic threader was difficult to use at first, it comes down easily but I really had to twist a little hard to make it turn. TONIGHT it won't turn at all which is extremely frustrating. I don't want to have to exchange if there is an easy fix but don't want to be stuck with one that doesn't have a working automatic threader (I really love this feature on my sister's machine). Is the only way to fix this to send it back for a new one???"
Easy to use and lot of computerized functions that save my time.
Love this machine.
"Got a 7256 for a Christmas gift and it completely seized on second use ( less than a week, 20 minutes total). Took the upper front thread cover off to discover the entire unit was covered in rust, I think it's been sitting in the box for years. Also the manual hand wheel went off center and fused with the body of the machine. I've been waiting a lifetime to upgrade from a 100 year old singer and the new one made me cry!!! Returned it and ordered the 7258 and that came rust free and shiny, keeping my fingers crossed."
Great sewing machine. Got this one to replace my previous singer. Great company. Quality equipment.
so happy
The machine is ok but on the box it says the manual & a DVD is supposed to be included and none of it was in the box along with the factory needle was already broken. I am a first time sewer and wanted to make sure I don't mess my machine up.
"so far, for the money it is a good machine.  it is all I need"
Great product
The best for the beginners.
I love this sewing machine.  I've had it for almost half a year now and it has been so good to me.  Easy to use and sews beautifully.
"So far I'm very happy with my machine. It sews really quite. I've only tried it out for a few minutes, checking out some of the decorative stitches, which are awesome. I did not understand why my bobbin wound uneven but I'm sure it's my fault, I have not tried to wind another one yet. I just received the machine yesterday. I was also happy with the packaging , was very secure."
Its been well over a year of rigorous use and I must say this machine blew my mind! You'd want to think its one fragile thing but the strength surpasses my expectation. Infact I mistakenly blew this machine up with a 220v power outage and my local repairer simply changed whatever and it came back to normal. I have a singer futura that gives me not just headache but migraine anytime I'm on it but I always have to fall back to this small but mighty machine. Singer got this right I must say!
great beginner sewing machine. i've made many baby blankets and have been able to do basic mending using this machine. threading it is a breeze.
"this is my first sewing machine and i love it. i've used it a lot and its is very simple to change stitches. i've only used it to hem pants and fix my weight lifting straps, but it worked flawlessly on those tasks."
"Fantastic sewing machine! I like to think I'm crafty, but in reality I am not. This machine makes sewing easy for me to make pillows, quilts, and tool holders for gifts! That is a great thing for me!"
THIS IS A GREAT DEAL AND IT SEWS GOOD TOO.
I bought this for my wife about a year ago and it is still going strong. She used for craft items and fixing our clothing as it got damaged. It has tons of stitch settings and is easy to use for a beginner learning and refining their skills. She even started sewing uniform items for my coworkers and it ended up paying for itself
Thanks
Perfect
I love it! So much more smoother than my last machine. It also comes with many accessories for all your sewing needs :)
I'm just starting to use it after upgrading from a 30+ year old Singer which finally broke down.  Haven't used the specialized features yet (auto stitches & button hole) but will be soon.  I use the machine for crafts and think it will be just perfect for my needs.  Always feel comfortable with Singer quality.
Haven't used it yet but it is a Singer and a huge improvement over my old portable. Handsome and looks like a dream to use.
Bought this for my wife and she likes it so much.  Quality product at a very reasonable price.
Great product!
"I have used this sewing machine for a year now, mostly simple projects like toys, bags, and easy clothes. I used it to make some felt food for my son and it held up very well through 4 layers of felt. I also used it to sew with jersey knit, which took some trial and error. All of the additional feet and stitches give lots of options. I can't think of anything that I don't like about it."
Great sewing machine does everything as ad vertised.
"Dear dealer, I have a slight problem with this sewing machine and wondered if you can help me solve the problem: The machine works very slow and I cannot find out why. Would appreciate any help and or suggestions. Thanks . Kenneth Rawlins"
"great machine for the price, lots of features!"
It has been an okay machine.  It seems backward to me when I go to put the pressure foot down.  I am use to using my left had for this and the machine requires you to use you right hand underneath.  Not convenient that way!
"Not this Singer in particular but ANY new Singer, especially one this cheap.

The inside moving parts are PLASTIC; when plastic parts revolve and rotate, they end up getting warped.  When this happens, it cannot be fixed so you end up with an expensive doorstop.

When I see people in the fabric stores, looking at these machines and listening to the sales patter, I want to clue them in but I'd undoubtedly get thrown out of the store.

People....if you buy cheap stuff, it won't last. You get what you pay for, every single time."
I'm just learning to sew and love this machine. Easy to thread and get started. Have had it over 7 months now and haven't had it jam up on me.  Very happy with my purchase.
Just bought this sewing machine less than a month ago for a Christmas gift. See on Amazon today for 124.99. Fill like I should receive the difference back.
Bought this sewing machine for my sister and she absolutely loves it. My sister is a beginner and she was able to navigate the machine without any problem. The only thing tricky part for her was putting the thread.
Been using it almost a year and don't regret buying it.
"I am so happy with my decision to buy this machine! I had done a lot of research between this and a few other brands and models. I'm completely satisfied with my machine, and wouldn't need any extra bells and whistles that more money would get me from other models. I have used this for crafts, mending, knits, quilting, and a variety of fabrics. It performs beautifully! Another thing I love is that it is so quiet and doesn't shake the whole table. I bought this when my daughter was just 2 years old, so I needed a quiet sewing machine- and that's what I got! :)"
Donated to group that quilts for charities. Easy to use and they love it.
"I've owned this machine almost exactly one year now--and I sew on it for hours every night making my baby clothing and diaper covers. It's a great beginner machine. I had had no sewing experience when I bought it, but there are tons of helpful videos on you tube to troubleshoot through any normal problem or question. I finally followed the manual to clean my guy out (a task I was fearful of) and it was surprisingly simple! I love this machine!"
Beautiful sewing machine and it sews beautifully. I have another one of these and wanted to have two for my business. A pleasure to design then sew with this machine. I am so happy with my purchase.
My son stole my old singer to fix kites so I got this one. I love it so much i'm not even mad anymore......mostly.
Don't forget the carrying case.
Love it so far! I have only made an infinity scarf with it so far but I can't wait to make more things! Great sewing machine for beginners.
Its a great machine! Worth every penny!
"Mine started clacking when stitching after one year  of usage.  (Gift from daughter)  Will no longer stitch. Looking for another machine, but not this one"
"This is such a great piece of equipment. It's not much you need to do to get this started because it basicly runs itself. All you do pick the color of thread, press the number in, and guide it!!"
"Easy to use, no issues."
gave as a gift for my grand-daughter.  she just loves it !!
"This machine is easy to use , I now can make decorative stiches very easily . Happy ! Happy ! with this unit ."
it's nice and very easy
Love it! Works like a dream! Fast shipping and great packaging.
Haven't used it as often as I like too but I really like the functionality. Easy to use.
"haven't been able to use it because I took a hard fall and broke some bones,  but just looking at it makes very happy"
Top notch machine!
My life saviof
Has difficulty with thick fabrics
"I love this machine. I bought this for some simple projects (pillows, hewing pants) and it does a great job so far. I may even branch out to other projects!"
"Delivered on time. Works well for light sewing, mending clothes"
very useful to have
this works great wife uses it all time
"I'm still learning how best to use this very versatile machine.  I love all the special stitches!
I look forward to learning it as I use it for a long time!"
"I had to fix it twice in a year, and I am not a professional sewer. I use it only twice a week. Take care of your choice.|"
I had just bought another Singer and had to return the machine.  It was awful.  I was a bit worried about another Singer but after reading the reviews I decided to give this one a try and I am so happy I did.
"excellent machine, I have been using it a lot making little things.  it is very easy to use, and I was a total beginner never had touched a sewing machine in my life and I was able to figure it all out just by looking at the pics in the manual.  works great."
EXCELLENT
"nice simple machine ---use it for mending ---so ""easy peasy"" !!!!!"
I received this as a gift and I absulutly love it. As a first time sewer it was easy for me to learn to use and it works wonderfully.
"Love my machine, however I have not figured out yet how to automatically thread the needle, but I'm working on that."
Got an awesome price for this machine. Works great for a beginner.
I think I am in love. LOL  This is a wonderful sewing machine. I am glad I followed top 10 machines reviews. The threader works great once you get the hang on it.  Make sure your needle is in the highest position when you pull down the threader leaver and when you pull thread across place it against needle and let go threader and  thread goes right in. If you pull thread too tight it won't work.  Bobbin rewinding isn't a chore anymore. Very easy to do. Love it. And best of all it opens up easy to clean out lint and retrieve head of pin that went in through presser foot hole.  Won't do that again. Scared me until I realized how easy it was to get it out.  Yes I would definitely buy this sewing machine again.
Very good
"this was my daughter's first sewing machine, she's 9. i find it easy to use and very fun to work with."
"My wife just raves about this sewing machine.  She keeps telling me how great of a sewing machine this is, over and over.  She has used this machine nearly every day since we bought it."
Love this Machine. Easy to use.
Fancy sew machine that can do alot of stuff.
I love this machine!!!!! It never jams and I finally have no problems with my bobbin!
Sew good!
"Bought this for my 16 year old, this has turned out to be a very nice sewing machine, no problems yet (had it for about 9 months)."
Great price on a Singer sowing machine.
Love my new machine and all of the awesome features. Very easy to use
Right size for taking to class.  Easy to understand for the different stitches.
Works Great
Love it and exactly what I wanted!!  the BEST!  WOW!!!  LOVE!
"WHAT  A  NICE  MACHINE, RELIABLE AND  STRONG  FEATURES, GREAT  FOR  ALL  MY  WEEK END ING  SEWING PROJECTs."
My daughter loves the machine.  Now if only I can get her to use it more often.  LOL
Good.
GREAT
"DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE. if you go on the internet and type ""E2"" error code, you will see all the problems experienced by other people. I haven't owned it even a year and have had this problem for six months. I just took it in to get fixed. The part is $15, but labor is $130. SInger is smart to warranty only their parts and not labor.  I have had it for less than a year, and now its junk."
"Love this sewing machine! As a new sewer I did a lot of research before buying and I liked that this machine is automatic (stitch length and width not to mention BUTTON HOLE!!). The machine was simple to set up and get started with no prior knowledge.  I still haven't been able to figure out how to use the automatic needle threader but other than that everything works great. I would recommend this sewing machine to my friends and have.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7258-Stylist-Award-Winning-100-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine-with-DVD-10-Presser-Feet-Metal-Frame-and-More/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7258 Stylist Award-Winning 100-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with DVD, 10 Presser Feet, Metal Frame, and More</a>"
"For an amateur like me, I was a bit hesitant to buy a sewing machine on line, sight unseen, but I just finished a Halloween costume (with a little help) for my grand daughter and she was thrilled with it. The price was a huge factor and everything else about this buying experience was very good."
In love with my sewing machine! She (I say she because is my good friends ) I love it work how I expected it!  I'm a beginner I can say this is a good choice for a beginner. Easy to understand how it work. I wish I can put some pictures or a videos so people can see but I don't now how to do that through my phone. Anyway I just love it!
Machine was great in the beginning...but now it keeps breaking the thread constantly and I really don't know why. Have to keep re threading over and over now. The FAQ's only speak to the tension being wrong but I have it on the recommended settings. Machine is great for a beginner but not so good when an issue happens like I have described when I've only had a few days. Overall all not real happy with this purchase. maybe a better quality machine would not have these issues. Think I will return it.
Does everything a beginner needs and is easy to use. I love this machine. So many fun stitches.
We like it!
Six weeks of pretty heavy use and now it's pinging - the timing is off. Heavier 30 weight thread kept creating birds nests and eventually stopped the machine all together. I would not recommend purchasing this machine to anyone.
"I'm a novice.  Don't know a thing about sewing.  But I wanted to tailor my own clothes.  The machine is easy to use and easy to learn.  Did get me about an hour to figure things out and to practice but my first sew came out great.  Overall, I am happy with the machine and would recommend it."
"Love the machine!  Easy to work with, does everything I need, instructions are clear and easy to follow.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the tool box is not easily accessible.  The arm assembly has to be taken off in order to access the tool box."
Works like a dream. Having fun mending all our things that I have put aside.
This machine does more than I ever thought I could sew.
I have never sewn before & I Love how everything is so easy to use. Diagrams r very easy to follow. Makes me feel like a pro
Works great!
Love this machine.  Very smooth operating.
Amazing machine!! I am a beginner and it was easy for me to figure out & use. I couldn't be happier :)
I was looking for a basic machine and this fits the bill and then some!  No problems.  Easy to use.  Having fun testing all the programmable stitches.  I will get a lot of use out of this.
Great machine love it!
"Everything I expected, finish quilting my quilt on this machine, never missed a beat. Very impressive for the price, I have a high end embroidery machine, and can see it being idle on small projects, recommend this machine."
"plastic junk, sent back"
I love my first sewing machine! Learned the basics from the DVD/manual no problem- thanks Singer!
Second sewing machine we bought. My wife was constantly saying she couldn't stand sewing and hated  the Brother machine we had. Bought this on sale and suddenly she likes to sew things. The machine makes a huge difference.
Whisper of a sew and works smooth. This machine is a dream! I am having a hard time getting used to threading the bobbin but everything else about the machine is amazing.
"In the past I sewed and made lots and lots of things. I have multiple disabilities, and finally just gave up on sewing and gave away my heavy-duty sewing machine. It was not computerized. One thing I can no longer do is sit sewing for hours and hours.

I have very poor vision, but the Singer fabulous online help allowed me to enlarge the manual to exactly the size print I needed, and sort out just the English after printing it all. I was very allergic to the printed copy (and the manual that came in print with the machine). So I got some excellent plastic cover pages and slipped all the printed ones into the covers. Let them sit awhile--that often helps, and it seemed to work on this.

The manual is a huge help. A few things are not clear in there, but go to the Singer website and the answer is VERY likely to be clearly explained there! I did that, and IT WORKED!

After study the manually in a few short sessions, I pulled the cart I have the machine and ALL the things I need to sew over to my deskside. This saved me so much time because I didn't have to run around looking for things.

In two hours I had the bobbin filled and placed, the machine threaded, and that was a good time to stop for the day. I rolled the cart (a really great cart made by Seville and very reasonably priced--great for all sorts of functions) to a good resting place.

The next day I got underway to do the project that had gotten me to try this machine. I had modified a couple of 100% polyester capes to go on and off my disabled self more easily. Very, very long cut down the middle of the front of the garment, two sides on each cape that needed securing all the way down so they would not unravel in the washing machine.

Okay, I am not exaggerating here. It took me an hour and a half to do both capes. That project paid for the machine!

I've had these allergies for my whole life, and God used everything He has shown me through the years to make this work for me smoothly. For one thing, I cannot sew anything (or wear it) unless it has been washed first. And washed without laundry soap! It's pretty funny if you think about it!

I learned a bunch of things from studying this manual that I never learned in so many years of using sewing machines. One thing is that you must use the right needle, and you need to replace needles on a good schedule. Another is that an automatic tension is WONDERFUL. Those two things caused most the repairs I had to have done on my machine.

Next I have to learn how to clean out the right parts of the machine and how to oil it.

I think I will be doing some small projects with fleece (that's what I wear the most) and bandanas! I cannot handle a needle and thread by hand much at all.

Thank you, Singer, for this very special machine!

I have a suggestion that would help some folks like me. I will not be using decorative stitches. Finding the very few types of stitches I need among 100 with my poor eyesight is a big challenge.

I need ALL the features of this computerized machine, but with a lot fewer stitches. I kept looking at the heavy-duty machines, but the threading, the tension and other things would be much more difficult for me than with this machine.

I'll probably find ways to find the few stitches I need on this machine. But I don't sew for fun anymore. I've had so many years of sewing that when I need something to use, I want to be able to put it together quickly and keep the edges from unraveling. No decorating by sewing for me. Yet I need ALL the other features of this machine. I will be watching closely for what you come up with next!"
"I bought this for my teen-age granddaughter, a budding seamstress.  She loves it and says it is easy for a beginner to use, beginning with threading the needle, etc.  Go glad I bought this one."
GREAT machine for the money and it performs exceptionally well.
WONDERFUL MACHINE ! LOVE IT
"Haven't had the opportunity to "" test drive it"" hehe"
"Great machine, I have been able to teach my 3 year old daughter how to sew on this machine and now she is as addicted to sewing as I am! Easy to thread, and easy to use! I love all the stitches and attachment feet that came as well!"
The wife loves it so I do too
"Works great!  I'm not an experienced seamstress at all, and hoped this would be easy to use. Not totally was. The instruction book was helpful just to get me started (cause I suck at sewing, as stated above).  I sewed about 6 rice bags for my kids, not totally hard sewing, but it worked wonderfully!"
I couldn't get the automatic needle thread to thread. Other than that it was pretty easy to use and worked well.
"This machine is a real ""horse"".  It can handle any task you throw at it.  Would buy it again in a New York Minute."
"Bird's nests here and there, but it's something I can deal with.  Easy to use and I love all the extra presser foots it comes with."
stitch choices hard to see and select size  zig zags are not as sharp as I'm ussed to  in my previous Singer machines
Singer as always has great features for the money.
My wife loves it.
"I really love this sewing machine. I'm new to sewing, but the instructions are very thorough and it also come with a DVD if you need extra explanation. Lots of different sewing foots, and the stitches! I love all of the stitches this machine can do. Will definitely be using it a ton. I'm glad I chose this machine."
"Very nice machine. I hesitated to buy it when I read all the reports about tension issues, glad I bought it anyway. Seriously believe that people just don't realize different fabrics and threads need different needles, feet and tension. This is a great machine. I have been repairing jeans, sewing dog toys, attaching buttons, mending quilts. You name it I have tried it on it and it has not let me down. Love the needle threader, but it did take awhile to get use to using it. I would recommend buying this machine to anyone. Price is great and it has a good selection of stitches for the price. I am very pleased with my selection. I am an experienced sewer and bought this for the added stitches and planned on using my old machine for the heavy work, but now plan to keep my old machine only as a backup."
Can't be better than this
Great machine and great value.
"So far I've only sewn a few items, but so far I'm very pleased with it, especially for the price."
love it!
"As a beginner, I was not sure how well I would understand the instructions, but they were very clear and this machine is so easy to use.  So far, I have made curtains for my bathroom and adjusted the sleeves on my favorite coat.  I look forward to being able to complete many other projects in the near future.  The included instructional DVD is excellent as well.  It is like getting a sewing class included for free!  I will need to pause and rewind to learn everything, but I will be happy to have the opportunity to learn. It provides detailed information about sewing techniques and is presented very well.  This is a great quality machine at a very reasonable price."
It's great
Love the sewing machine. I am still learning to use the machine but it is just what I have been wanting.
"This sewing machine is doing a decent job. The needles that came with the machine, they're very easy to break. I already have 3 needles broke off and it's a tough job to try to get the broken needle head out from inside. I had to remove the plate, remove the holder, and spent about half hour trying to locate the needle head when it breaks off. Sometimes that small needle head got trapped inside beneath other parts, almost impossible to get to."
Video is good but does not give a novice enough detail.  Overall it is of superb quality and I look forward to using it.
"Wow, I had gotten a Brother machine last Christmas and I really liked it it was a basic machine and it did everything I needed it to do. A few weeks ago Amazon had this machine for sale on "" Deal of the day"" for 99.00 bucks, so I hemmed and hawed for a couple of hrs, the reason being was in the mid 1980s I had bought a singer machine and it just never ran right. So one day I tried to get it running WITH NO LUCK AGAIN just little things didn't do what they were suppose to,  and  I got so angry with it I had vowed NEVER to buy a singer again and I Picked it up walked out of my house in the year 2000 and tossed it with large amounts of joy onto the curb( no one would even steal it ) and wiped my hands together a said "" What do you think of that Singer ? WHAT A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT, this company had become.to myself and through the years I was going to get a machine but last year I had gotten one (from my sister and sister in law) I was so happy to get it and it is a good machine. Hearing of other people who had problems with their Singer's I steered clear of them.  OK back to the machine. I am so glad I gave Singer a second chance !  This machine sat for about 2 weeks before I would even try it . I am 58 yrs old and I will admit the electronics scared me a bit.  So I put it in my bedroom for a while and at least once a day it would catch the corner of my eye while making the bed. So finally yesterday I picked it up and put it on the table and started tinkering with it, after I watched a CD provided with it ( I had a hard time staying awake ) after 30 minutes of an hour long . I said the heck with this and shut off the CD and looked through  the manual and got it threaded and bobbin filled and away I went, the manual was easy to understand and the electronics were very easy I want to thank Singer in restoring my faith in them. This machine is no Pinto its a Cadillac for the price. I just love it and hope Singer will stand true.  I don't think this one will end up on the curb."
"I love the machine! I have never really sewed, and now I'm making clothing and decorating it. It was worth every penny!"
Love everything about this machine!
So far I live this sewing machine. It sews like a dream and is very  quiet.
"i bought this item for my husband, and he loves it. it's easy to use and has alot of features. delivery was fast also, i would recommend buying this item. the price is great, i saw this same item at walmart for ablout $130 or more can't recall the actual price but was more for it."
"I haven't sewn in 20 years and really needed to replace my machine. The bobbin tension was too frustrating and I hated having to thread the needle, even the wire needle threader wasn't much help. I searched around and found these new helpful features on most machines. I liked the bells and whistles (who wouldn't!) but really didn't need them. And the price was right on Amazon! Way less than I saw elsewhere.
Take care to wind the bobbin the correct way. The direction of the thread when placing the bobbin in the machine is very important. If you have difficulty sewing right away CHECK YOUR BOBBIN THREAD FIRST. Another helpful hint I didn't know (in the DVD) was that the pressure foot MUST be raised before threading to ensure proper tension in the upper thread.
I couldn't play the DVD on my home computer (haven't had time to figure out why) but it worked at my work computer.
My winter robe is almost done with durable seams and pretty stitching on the hems :-) More projects await!"
Great sewing machine! Very easy to use.
"This is the first digital machine that I now own. It looks like a great sawing machine. I was hoping that the CD that this machine came with was actually for this exact model, and not some other/older model. I find the CD pretty much useless..
The box was semi heavy and the UPS guy instead of setting the box by my front door he actually dropped it/tossed it without being careful by my porch door, The drop left an indentation and a rip at the bottom of the box. I was hoping to receive the package right to my hands,as I was walking toward him and not by my porch door. UPS guy left in a huge hurry almost totally dismissing my presence."
I LOVE my sewing machine!  High quality for a great price. Very friendly for beginners like me. I like the storage place provided and the many different stitches. Thank you singer!
So far so good. Wish they would have the 7256 singer large extension table available to buy separately.
"Okay, here goes.  I was replacing an old hand me down and wanted a general machine for sewing.  I did a couple of small projects with this machine over about a year and it worked really well (baby bibs, burp cloths etc).  I then started quilting and at first this worked really well for piecing, then I started having trouble with my thread tension.  I went back to my manual and made sure I was winding my bobbins correctly, loading my bobbins correctly, and threading my machine correctly.  I then double checked that I had the correct bobbins - Singer brand 15J.  After loading and re-loading my bobbin it started to work again.  It worked for about another week and then the same problem occurred.  Despite multiple attempts at turning it on and off, reloading the bobbin, and even re-winding a new bobbin, it still isn't working, I can adjust the thread tension dial all I want and it  does absolutely nothing.  I am so disappointed.  Off to the service center I go."
"I have a Singer embroidery machine which I love and was in the market for a new sewing machine. The Singer 7258 is a great sewing machine. I love the start/stop button which allows you to sew without the foot peddle. That is one of the perks I wanted in my new machine. I also love the drop in bobbin which allows you to load the bobbin from the top . There are 100 different stitches on this machine and I have discovered the stretch stitch which allows you to sew knit fabric without stretching it out of shape. The machine comes with a DVD which explains maintenance, stitches, presser feet, fabrics and needles.  I highly recommend this Singer 7258 sewing machine for new and experienced sewers."
Best deal for this quality of a machine. Paid 100$
I love this sewing machine with all of the special features.  It sews slower than my old Singer but I am well pleased with this machine!  There are many features that I have not explored but the tutorial is great and easy to understand.
I have yet to use this yet but I got an unbelievable deal for it and cant wait to use it
Great sewing machine! I can sew jean material and some leather thickness without any issues. This machine is easy to operate--I had it sewing within 15 mins out of the box (I'm not near a professional operator). This works much better than some Kenmore machines I have used over the years.
"I've used this sewing machine multiple times since I received it and I'm impressed!  I've had no issues thus far!  This is an attractive, well-made sewing machine with an unbelievable number of options (decorative stitching, tons of sewing feet, and more!).  The machine was easy to set-up and directions for how to do things were easy to understand.  It had been a long time since I had threaded a sewing machine and the directions on how to do so are directly on the machine...which made it super easy to follow and remind myself on the correct threading process!"
she likes it lol
"I'm not sure if why we are having so many problems with this model. The first I ordered wouldn't not pull up the thread. We ordered a second machine. This one displayed an error code as soon as it was turned on. We called Singer and they said this machine was defective and it needed to be returned. So far, 2/2 machines were defective. Haven't gotten to use one yet."
"Great machine for this price.  I did quite a bit of research before deciding to buy.  I have many years experience sewing and can care less about half the stitches that these machines come with.  I'm not into crafty type sewing so was looking for a basic machine that would sew nicely. I do like well made clothing using designer touches and this machine handles whatever I throw at it. Suede, leather, ponte, quilted nylon to the lightweight fabrics.  Very happy with the results."
Great machine easy to use and many features
"I have only had this sewing machine for about a week.  I set everything up properly and started to sew a pillow case.  For the first, maybe 15 minutes, it was purring like a kitten, then it started to make this strange knocking sound and on the back of the fabric (again, a pillow case) the thread was all bunched up.  Then it kept coming unthreaded and when I would re-thread it, it will now not pick up the bobbin thread.  I ended up going to our local Walmart and bought a different, more expensive Singer because we are having a lot of guests this weekend and I couldn't wait, so please don't tell me tell me you will send out another one.  And one of the main selling points of this was that it is supposed to be self-threading and that NEVER worked on this machine.  Please let me know how to send it back and send me a postage label so that I can return it to you"
Perfect sewing machine for my daughter!
Nice machine - sewing every day
"I literally had never used a sewing machine in my life before I purchased this. After reading through the manual and watching a few videos, I was already making my first project! Super easy to learn and SOOO many settings! Great first time machine."
"If you just want to repair a few items here and there, this might be a fine machine, but if you are an intermediate or above sewer, get something else. This machine worked great until the thread got bound-up inside the unit.  The outer housing doesn't come off completely, so you can't get your fingers in there, to unbind the problem.  I can SEE it, I just can't REACH it. I managed to get it mostly un-jammed, but it was never the same....the up and down motion would always tap-tap-tap-tap-tap-tap on the housing with every up and down motion, and then it finally froze up and died.

In all fairness, I made several things with this machine, including a pair of toga costumes.  I used a fabric that had a bit of a metallic look to it, which left a type of FIBER in the machine which probably wasn't good for it. Then I made some curtains, and just ran the thing on a straight stitch, nice and steady, just guiding the fabric through.....forever....and that's when it froze up.

So - yeah - it was good for awhile.  I might have paid $200-ish for it, and I probably got my money's worth out of it, but I wish I still had that $200 so I could apply it to a REAL sewing machine, because this one is a toy."
Great machine
"I have always owned a Singer Machine and this one has not let me down either. I love this machine. Runs good, quiet. Easy to thread for those of us with sight problems. So many things you can do with this machine you will stay busy for a long time!"
"I tried to load the bobbin in and could never get it to work. I even took this to a local JoAnn store thinking the ladies in here would definitely know how to work this and show me. Well, lets say in a short simply way. The told me to ship this back and order another brand. So I did.

Cynthia B."
Amazing
I grew up sewing on my mom's industrial singer machine and serger. This little machine took some getting used to but I've used it for a multitude of sewing projects a and clothing repair.  I'm thoroughly satisfied with it and have not had any problems. It has a lot of handy features which I have not even begun to crack.  There are also extra feet that can be purchased of which I have yet to have any need but it's nice to know the options are available.  I hope to use it for many years to come.
very good! i like it!
"Love the quiet running of the machine, and smooth transitions between stitches.  Really lovely machine."
"Great little sewing machine.  Makes a good stitch and I love the needle position option, which is why I bought this machine to begin with.  Has many decorative stitches also.  I would recommend this machine for a backup, second machine, or for a beginner.  It is very easy to thread, has a drop in bobbin, and does not make a lot of noise."
"This marching have turned my daughter into a fishion designer. As soon as the marching was arrived , she sew me a dress and it was so beautiful that people were giving her lots of great complement for a job well done with this wonderful sew marchine. Thank you so much Amazon."
This is a WONDERFUL sewing machine. More than worth the price!
"Well made, good instructions and lots of little things I didn't expect"
I love this sewing machine.
Love it!
"Sooooo, my darling husband purchased a Singer 7258 for my first ever sewing machine. I don't know how to sew or anything about sewing machines for that matter so I spent hours researching and reading reviews. I finally settled on your product because of the positive reviews and the "" 2x Consumer's Digest Best Buy"" award it so proudly displays!! I went and bought a sewing kit and fabric to embark on my new hobby!! Boy was I excited!! Until I started the machine and attempted to thread the bobbin!! E2!! Excuse me?! This is a BRAND NEW machine! FRESH OUT OF THE BOX!! How could I possibly be getting an error message on a BRAND NEW machine?! It must be me, right? WRONG!! I took the thread out, flipped the bobbin, flipped the thread spool, cut the machine on and off, unplugged and plugged the foot pedal, even used the start/stop button! I even took the thread out COMPLETELY and pushed the bobbin to the side and guess what!! STILL AND E2 code! WITH NO THREAD IN THE MACHINE!! What a disappointment!! Thanks for killing my joy Singer! Way to go...."
"Bought this for my sister.  She seems pleased with it, especially the price.  It does everything she needs it to do."
"I can't say enough about how much I LOVE using this machine!!!  I'm a novice, hobby seamstress - but I can make sundresses and halloween costumes on this baby smoothly enough.  Super easy to learn, even easier to change stitches mid-project."
"I was so excited to have this machine. My daughter and I were taking a beginners sewing class. I tried to set up the machine before the class and followed the instructions. When I pushed the foot for the machine to sow, it had a loud beeping sound. I thought I was doing something wrong and took it to my sewing class for the instructor to look at it. She said there was definitely something wrong with the machine, as it would not stop beeping. She said that she sees this a lot with the cheaper sewing machines. It may have just been a lemon or maybe something was set wrong on the computer. I had two choices, keep it and take to a sewing repair store or return it. I decided to return it.

Amazon is amazing and makes returns so easy though!"
I LOVE IT.
Great machine. I was using a singer w very few options. I'm loving the smooth stitching too. I've been sewing for 35 years. Great value for your $.
Had this a short time only. Very easy to figure out. I have never used a sewing machine before. winding the bobbin and threading the machine took a few minutes to figure out with the manual. Once you do it a couple times its very easy. I have not had any issues with it. If you try to sew through jeans make sure you get jean needles. This is only an issue on the thickest part of the seams actually. I haven't adjusted anything and There have been no jams or anything. So far its easy and reliable.
great
is great to have it in your house. I saved a lot of money by not going to a Sartor and altering garments myself.
thanks
Great product for the price
Wife likes very much
"Just as you are doing now, I researched heavily before purchasing the Singer 7258.  I am a novice and usually go through periods of intense crafting, only to eventually get bored, distracted, ect...and ignore my projects until a few months later where the cycle once again continues.  I have a basic White sewing machine and became dazzled by the new computerized sewing machines offered today.  After several weeks of comparing models, prices and reviews I decided on the Singer 7258 because of the features, price and presser feet bang for my buck.  The bad reviews worried me a bit, but with so many good reviews, how could a woman go wrong (I thought to myself as I clicked the order button).  The package arrived on time and the set up was easy.  The machine was quiet and fun to use.  Wow!  I didn't know what I was missing with the manual thread cutter (I have to cut with scissors on my White machine), the auto threader, which was hard to get right at first, but after some practice, made life easier, auto tension and cool pressure feet options.  I was thrilled and got to work.  Other reviewers stated that their machines started screwing up after the 30 day return period and suggested sewing as much as possible in order to make sure you didn't get a lemon.  No problem here, because with my new 7258, I happily finished my first project (an easy beginner skirt pattern).  Round two...A nap mat cover for my toddler.  The upper thread started snapping and getting tangled in the internal machine (not an easy fix).  I regrouped and started again.  I was sewing a decorative stitch (number 44), using the auto settings, coats thread and a single layer of fabric.  Bam!  Again the thread snapped, no error codes were thrown, but again my upper thread got tangled in the internal machine.  You cannot just open the machine up to investigate (like my white machine).  You have to unscrew the cover and let me just say, it is not easy to negotiate troubleshooting.  Alas, it is not to be.  I am super sad.  I read all the trouble shooting guidelines, online suggestions, etc...  I believe the upper tension is the problem and if I was more experienced, I may be able to work through it, but I want a machine that I can count on and don't want to miss my window to return/exchange this product.

I will be returning for a Janome (I think) because of the good reviews and customer support.

I hope you find this review useful in your research."
Why does the side knob constantly fall off?!? No matter how tight I screw it back in! It unscrews itself again and falls off when I am sewing. Several times a day!
"I bought this for my fianc.  She is absolutely in love with it.  She told me it is dependable, easy to use and brings out the creativity in her."
Auto threder broke after 1st use.
"So far I can't even get the bobbin to wind. constantly getting an error message. I WANT to like this so much but...<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7258-Stylist-Award-Winning-100-Stitch-Computerized-Sewing-Machine-with-DVD-10-Presser-Feet-Metal-Frame-and-More/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7258 Stylist Award-Winning 100-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine with DVD, 10 Presser Feet, Metal Frame, and More</a>"
I am not a sewer.  I use this machine to mend and hem things.  It works smoothly and is easy to use.  I have not mastered the automatic threader however.  I am completely flummoxed by it.
love it.  So easy to use.
Bought it as a replacement for an old Singer. Works just fine
Excellent
"I'm not a big time seamstress but I needed a machine for the basics and mending. I chose Singer because of its reputation and the price was right. Also, it does a great job. You can't go wrong with Singer."
Loving my new toy!  It has many more options then ever expected for this price.
This is the BEST machine I have ever used at this price point...quiet and smooth...
"Very good machine
Smothe and less noise"
Its a little complicated but i have just used it for basic stitching and it works well.
Good buy. Works great
"bought this for my daughter because she wanted to design and make clothes, she tells me she loves it, that was when we got it. always asks how sewing is going now she is to busy. my daughter set it up and starting using it on her own,also she did make some things with a variety of stiches. so my review is more about easy of use then duability ."
Love this machine.  Very easy to use.  Even my 9 year old is sewing on it.
A lot of very flimsy plastic. Instructions look to have been translated from Chinese and were very poor. We returned this unit to Amazon within 3 hours of receipt. Must say that Amazon handled the return and refund promptly.  Took the 30 year old Singer and had tune up performed and it works great. Cant see where these plastic wonders have any chance of lasting.
This machines basically does everything I need it to. It makes sewing a breeze. I really like the speed control. Very easy to operate.
I bought this machine to replace a cheaper older machine I had that had tension issues and it cost more to fix it then I paid for it. I would definitely recommend this machine!!
"VERY good sewing machine, it's lasted me all through fashion school. My friends at school always tell me they wish they bought this model instead of whatever they bought. Solid product, great price, and very useful. It's a lot easier to sew on these than industrial machines. Seriously a great machine for someone who is learning. My only criticism: as a student, I wish they made a singer at this entry that could handle bigger fabrics."
Beautiful product. I am to happy  bought this months ago and I'm still smiling. My mom loves this machine and she doesn't even sew. Brilliant
Very nice machine.
"love this machine.  My Kenmore was almost 50 years old and still chugging along, though the zig zag was not working.  This singer sews beautifully and is so easy to thread and operate.  Although its been 50 years since my last sewing machine buy, it is very easy to operate right out of the box.  Any beginner would not have an issue."
"Having never used a sewing machine before, this was relatively easy to set up and get started.  I had a neighbor walk me through some steps like how to thread a bobbin and run the thread through the needle, but the instructions provided were clear and easy to follow for basic sewing.  I tried a different foot and stitch pattern for hemming a pair of pants and couldn't quite get it to work the way I thought it should look.  I suppose this will take practice.  In all, this machine is a good bargain and is an easy start to learning to sew."
Amazing for the price. Love my machine.
My granddaughter will be so happy when she opens this!
"I'm not an expert at sewing, but this machine rocks!! I've just barely started learning and it has been a really user friendly machine that hasn't been frustrating to use at all!! Great quality and really fun to use! Highly recommend!!"
"love it, went from a Singer that's 38 years old."
Love it
This machine is fine for the money that I paid for it. I sew a lot and it will be good for a secondary machine.  I would use this for a beginner machine or one that you can take to sewing retreats for light sewing.
great machine
"I've only used it a few times, but it already broke.  It shows a C4 error code, but there isn't anything causing a jam.  The machine began to smell like electrical burning before it stopped working."
"Recently took up sewing again, machines sure have changed in 20 years.  Still need the instructions from time to time, but it is easy to understand, works great"
"I bought this machine about 4/5 years ago to upgrade from a perfectly fine, but older Singer.  I had no idea it was an award-winning machine and I am still amazed that I actually bought something THAT good and I didn't know beforehand.  It IS that good!!!  It is a wonderful machine and perfect for any kind of sewing.  However, I have started quilting and the one drawback of this machine is that it does not have a way to drop the feed dogs.  To free-motion quilt . . . (you can) . . . but you must use the darning plate to cover the feed dogs. So . . . I decided to upgrade again but keep this jewel around too.  I bought a Brother SE400 because it was a reasonably priced machine.  It had quilting features and embroidery features . . . which I thought I wanted.  I was so excited to get it but I SENT IT BACK after a week.  The reasons will be included in my review of the Brother SE400 and I won't bore you with them now.  I am back to my wonderful 7258 and ""it feels so right!""  Singer has always been the machine of choice in my family and although it's reputation has taken a beating recently . . . it had proved itself to me.  This is a great machine . . . quiet, EZ, comfortable, and worth the reasonable price.  I have used it for 4/5 years . . . not 4/5 months . . . and it has stood the test of time."
"Chosen stitch goes back to 0 every time we stop sewing. My daughter has used it 4 times and today it refuses to turn on. For such an expensive product, it is not very durable. Not as easy to use by a tween."
My daughter in law loved it
I use this machine every day. I am piecing quilt tops. I love the ease of adjusting to a new machine. There has been very little difference in it and my old singer. I always stick with the Singer sewing machine. I have always had good luck with them.
This is my first sewing machine. Really easy to use. I did a lot of projects the first couple of weeks that i got it. Needle doesnt break at all. I love this sewing machine
I love this machine it is so easy to work with or without the foot peddle.
Singer has a unmatched history and the machine takes some practice and watching  the video more than once to familiarize yourself with its many capabilities.
"Very disappointed in bobbin thread Winding. My old Singer,era 1977, I could wind bobbin in place by moving  small knob, and not have to move bobbin. Much more convenient. Thing of returning my new one. Thank you JT"
"I'm a novice seamstress but I feel confident in saying this machine is terrible. I've had it for a year and I've had to take it in for repairs twice. And I'm not sewing anything crazy like burlap or metal, just things like cotton, silk, and poly blends. I enjoy sewing but this machine makes it frustrating due to it breaking. And to make it worse, the shop I had to take it to because of the warranty told me it'd be ready in 2 weeks and it took 6. 6! It's insane. Maybe I just got unlucky, but I wouldn't recommend this machine."
Very Nice
What a disappointment.  We purchased this sewing machine for my wife to see.  She used it three times and it quit working.  We shipped it back to Singer in Kentucky in early May.  In June my wife called Singer to find out the status and the man who answered the phone said he was working on machines from February and her box probably hasn't even been opened yet.  The Machine needs a new brain.  Now it is Mid July and we still have no sewing machine have no idea when we will get it.
I really enjoy using this machine!!
very happy with the machine.  Good value for the price/
Perfect gift for my wife.  She loves it.
"Spent more time being repaired than used...3 times in 30 days.  Timing problems, things inside not properly tightened from factory, many thread problems."
Great Sewing Machine. Delivered on time with no issues. Great deal!
This purchase was a gift for one of my adult children. He is majoring in stage management and is taking a couple of costume classes. He was very excited about it and couldn't wait to use it right away. Though new to sewing he has watched me sew all his life as I am a retired Home Economics teacher. I was pleased to find a quality machine at a good price that was easy to use as a beginner yet had many features that would be useful for years to come as his skills grow.  The price was very good and the shipping was very fast as I ordered it the second day he was home for a week and it came in time for him to be able to use it before he took it back to school at the end of the week.
Love it!!!
"I bought this sewing machine in 2012 , I have not used very much since buying it, but when I do use it ,there's a horrible knocking or banging sound, I live in the Bahamas so there's not much I can do about it."
My grandfather seems to enjoy this sewing machine!
I love it.
"Fantastic!  What an incredible deal!  This sewing machine sews beautifully and is a huge improvement over my 18-year-old Singer.  I was lucky to grab this machine on sale for $138, but it would be a wonderful machine for as much as $200. I have tried out every stitch and they all perform very well. I love the assisted-threading function on this machine; it's great for those of us with older eyes.  It's very easy to thread and the clear bobbin cover makes it easy to determine when you're getting low on bobbin thread.  I absolutely love the ability to choose whether the needle should stop IN the fabric or ABOVE the fabric - makes it so easy to use in different situations. I like the speed control function as well; I even feel comfortable allowing my young grandchild to use this machine because the speed can be set to very slow indeed.

I will update this review in a couple of years to let you know whether I am still pleased-as-punch!

Update - December 2017

Still love this Singer Stylist machine!  Everything is still working perfect and I am still seeing happily on it.  Im really happy with the value I received in this good little machine."
"I used it just a little before I left to come back north.  Can hardly wait to get back and do more.  What little time I had with this machine, just loved it.  Was easy to use and figure out. I believe I am going to have lots of fun when I get back.  Am planning on doing some quilt pieces and perhaps some curtains or drapes.  I believe it will do well."
"My first sewing machine! Bought this as a deal of the day, had pretty good reviews and the price was right so I went for it! Came with a bunch of attachment foots that I will probably never use other than the zipper foot, but good to have! Haven't had any problems yet!"
"A clear instruction book was vital since I've never used an electric sewing machine, and luckily that was provided with this product. Thus far, I've enjoyed having it, although I haven't gotten as adventurous as the machine allows but there's time yet for that.

The only complaint I have at this point was the non-slip pads on the foot pedal relentlessly detached, but a simple fix was some superglue and it was no longer an issue."
"My first sewing machine ever! It came with an instructional DVD that was very informative for a person who knew literally NOTHING about sewing before.

I find the additional stitches to be more of a novelty than anything. They work find but I don't really use them.

I've had this for about 3 years, and it's still working fine after moderate use."
"I'm a fairly new to sewing and I did quite a bit of research to figure out what sewing machine to purchase. I went with this one and I am so happy that I did! It is very user friendly and I love all of the features. For the price, this is a quality piece of machinery for a beginning seamstress.

I can't speak for someone more experienced, but it does everything I want it to do so far. I've sewn two zipped throw pillowcases, two skirts using elastic for the waistbands and the rolling hem foot, and a men's tank top. The rolling hem foot was a lot simpler to use than I thought it would be and it turned out really well. I have many more presser feet and stitches to try out, but so far everything has been great!"
"Got this as a gift for my mother in law, she loves it."
I had a basic Singer before this. It was comparatively very difficult to use. This machine plays well with my inexperience and 'give it a try' attitude toward sewing projects. Very easy to operate and friendly for beginners. Also has some fun features and there are lots of tutorial videos online for this model. Been about 6 months and I have no complaints!
"I LOVE this machine! I wanted to get back into sewing and my 30+ year old Singer kept giving me problems. I found I could buy this brand new Singer through Amazon for all of $25 more than a repair would cost! I did a lot of research and this was inexpensive and does exactly what I need it to do. I want to construct clothing...not large quilts or fancy embroidery. It runs quietly and smoothly and didn't require much of a learning curve for me to get sewing.

There is only one negative I have found so far (and I have finished 7 different clothing items) and that is getting a new bobbin to thread correctly in the bobbin casing. It sometimes takes me 3 tries to get it set up correctly. First off, there is no top or bottom to a Class15J bobbin, however you must place it in the casing to pull counter-clockwise. Second, you thread it through a ""slot A"" (which is very easy) BUT then you must (and I'm quoting here) ""with a finger held gently on top of the bobin, pull the thread until it stops in slot B."" The problem is that there is no real way to keep the thread in slot B; it simply lays on top of an indentation. This means when you close the bobbin cover, it can move just slightly out of place and you will not be able to sew correctly. It is more of an annoyance than anything but I could see where someone just starting out could get frustrated.

That being said, I would still recommend this machine to anyone. (And Amazon is selling it for a heck of a lot cheaper than I could find anywhere else.)"
I have to say I did extensive research before I purchased my first sewing machine and I have to say that I am extremely disappointed with Singer and their Warranty Center. Their customer service was not helpful and no one ever answered the phone at the Warranty Center. Had numerous issues with the machine and I have officially had it for only a year. I had to pay out of pocket to get it fixed and it still doesnt work correctly. Plastic insides that make it difficult for Sewing Repair Places to fix. Poor investment.
Directions are very poor.
My Granddaughter seem to like it.!!!!!
"My second sewing machine. LOVE IT! I've sort of read some of the instructions, but it's been so easy to use. Changed the thread a couple of times, used probably 4 or 5 of the stitches so far, and love how the front piece can come off to sew a circular cuff (and it stores the extra bobbins and such!). Love this machine and it's ease of use. Haven't tried a button hole yet, but looking forward to getting good enough to try.

Only thing I've cursed this machine about is that when you go to move it, lifting the handle gets in the way of the threading, so if you use the machine and forget to put the handle back down, it breaks the thread to the needle. (done that a few times already).

Very sturdy machine, and was easy to use with little instruction."
Realy fun to work with
"I liked it, but I do not give it 5 stars because it doesn't do good with thick fabrics... :("
"Like a hot knife through butter, this machine is super! Just finished my first garment and the machine was a pleasure to use. My only complaint is the ""picture instructions"" for threading the machine is confusing so it took me a bit to figure it all out. This sewing machine is a dream machine and for someone who has done very little sewing experience (due to a terrible, non-stop jamming kenmore machine that made me so frustrated over the years I just quit trying to learn to sew) I am ready to find the next sewing project!"
Bought it for my wife and she has not complained having problem with it
"I love it, still learning some stitches,works great"
I love it. easy to use. I use it do shorten my pants and shirts. It works very well.
No complaints.  I just need time to try it out!!!
I am totally satisfied with this machine. I love it.
"very easy to use, smooth operation. Everything you would expect and more from a Singer."
Very easy to thread the machine. Easy bobbin placement and winding. Good instruction booklet. Good price. Very happy with it. I am a beginner sewer.
"So far, I love this sewing machine.  I was a Bernina user but my machine was 35 years old.  I am amazed at how much this machine does, and I'm hoping it lasts longer than a lot of the machines made these days.  I've only used the machine for several months, but it did a fantastic job.  The only thing I don't like is the stitch pattern does not stay in memory once you turn the machine off. I spent a lot of time getting the stitch the right size and pattern, only to loose it all when I turned the machine off."
Performs to all expectations.
GREAT MACHINE!
Great machine and appears to be very durable and has a lot of flexibility.
"I don't know what I did without this machine before. I love how easy it is to use, straight from the box. I would encourage others to order this too. Great price and fast delivery of item."
Love my machine! Learning to sew and it works great! I am working with an experienced seamstress and she is impressed with the features.
Great. ery Helpful!!
It works great I love it
I love it!!!!
"I wasn't sure this would fit my needs as I am use to a more expensive in the cabinet sewing machine. However, I found this to an easy to use machine. Information enclosed with the product was very helpful."
"Do not waste your money!!!! I've had to take it in twice to fix the timing. Spent just as much in repairs as I did on this machine. I needed a machine for basic projects with top stitch, nothing fancy. I know how to use the machine. I've been sewing for years and make money selling what I sew."
good
"This sewing machine is really awesome! I am a particularly more petite female and I would spend a lot of time altering all of my clothing by hand because I don't like to look like I'm swimming in my clothes. 1 shirt would take me about 6 hours just to sew the sides and I wasn't doing any elaborate designs, just quick get it over with sewing.

I wanted a sewing machine but I was hesitant on getting one because I was afraid that it would be too loud, too heavy, too bulky, and that it would be too difficult to figure out. This has to be one of my greatest investments.

It takes me so much less time, it's quiet and it's a great size for children to be able to use. This is a really great brand at a reasonable price, especially if you are just starting out and you don't want to sacrifice quality."
Nice machine and was shipped quickly
"I love this machine!! it is quiet. It has adjustable throttle. it automatically chooses the tension on the top thread and the bobbin but can be over ridden if need be. There are so many different stitches and accessories that com with this plus an easy to understand quick start guide, DVD and a detailed users manual. It also comes with a sewing machine cover. this is very easy to thread and has an automatic needle threader if you need it>. the bobbin is top loaded so you can see if the bobbin is binding up> However it does not bind up at all>  You can do free hand embroidery and quoting with this> Who needs a separate computerized embroidery machine> You cannot go wrong with this machine. It is a singer so the name speaks for itself> it is very well made> do not waste your money on other brands as i did> they fell apart and bound up all the time so I quit sewing for 5 years. Now I cannot wait to start making flax linen clothing for the entire family> Flax linen is hard to find but it has protective properties from EMF'S and environmental pollutants."
Easy to use and does an excellent job
"THE COOKBOOKS WERE IN EXCELLENT SHAPE.  WE WERE HAPPY WITH THEM.

THE FISKARS UPROOT WEED TOOL IS GREAT."
"Fantastic machine. Not easy to learn to use, but has excellent capabilities. Can rate it better after I have used it more."
I am new to sewing & so far have found this machine to be user friendly.  The booklet & website demo's are easy to follow.  I have taken 2 sewing classes & managed to finish a basic knit dress!
Bought as a present and they love it!
"I compared this to a model without the self threader.  After reading the reviews and threading a sewing machine is the bain of my life, needing two pairs of reading glasses just to see the eye, I love it!!! Once you get the hang of how it works, it is a snap.  I've been very happy with the function of the machine, smooth and no bunching or puckering.  The tension has been set beautifully.  I love the adjustable speed settings and look forward to teaching my granddauhter how to sew as it won't be too fast for her.  I'm still trying out all the other optins but I am so glad I've come back to a Singer machine."
"I really love this machine. It's easy to use and thread. I've already completed several projects I had put on hold because of a bad machine. I am very happy with my purchase. I checked several options before picking this one, and I know I made the right decision."
You can adjust the speed with this machine which is perfect for beginners. I hemmed jeans without any problem.
"I got this on my birthday that husband bought for me. I really don't like writing review but this is total waste of money not worth for the price. I only use this for 3 months for light sewing. Started having trouble for stitches and always shown errors. Please, don't buy this machine. Got get the brother machine. This peace of junks. Very frustrating machine"
Great sewing machine for beginners. I read the manual and watched online tutorials...already fixed my ripped work clothing and sewed kitchen door curtain. Great lil work horse.
Love this sewing machine. It is very easy to use.
"I got this  month ago. Since I have been so busy, I have only now been able to open and start using it. Except it doesn't even turn on. I followed the instructions to a T and nothing. No light, no sound, no movement. And now I can't return it. Very disappointed."
I love this machine. I can see why it won the award last year for the best for the money. It does exactly what I need it to do and I even quilt on this machine. It's comes with great paperwork on how to use the machine and how to make different stitches. I would recommend it to anyone that is not a professional seamstress.
"I haven't use this very much.  Rather complicated with the many stiches.  Guess I need to practice more.  Wanted a replacement machine for mending jobs, however much more complicated than I needed.  I didn't want to go too cheap, and sacrifice quality in a machine."
"After two returns with another sewing machine brand, I ordered the Singer 7258 which was rated very high for features and performance.  The price was the best value when compared to other sources.  The delivery was unbelievably fast. I love the machine. It works beautifully, and I appreciate Amazon's services and attention to my consumer needs. Thank you."
"I bought myself this machine to replace my old Singer, which was about as basic as it could be.  I'm not an advanced sewer and haven't used half of the features/stitches that this machine has.  I'm pleased with this one in all aspects except the foot pedal.  When I received this machine, it sat in the box for about a month before I could get around to opening it and trying it out.  (My mistake, I know, but I had just moved and it was pretty chaotic).  Everything works fine except the speed control on the machine.  The machine only goes one speed, no matter how hard I press the foot pedal.  Slow, but steady.  I don't know if something is broken in the pedal, or if there's a problem with the machine itself.  By the time I realized there was something wrong, it was far too late to send it back for another machine.  To be honest, even if I had taken it out the same day it arrived and realized the foot pedal only went the one speed, I probably wouldn't have sent it back.  Too much of a hassle.  I'm not running any races.  But when I was making curtains and sewing long, straight lines, I admit it would have been nice to put the ""pedal to the metal"" and get it done quicker.

Overall, a great machine for the price."
Best unit ever!
Delivered quickly and on time.  I love the machine.  Works great.  Easy to use.
"Solid machine, easy to learn, great features for the price. You can't go wrong with this one."
So far so good. I never sew in my life before and this machine is very easy to use. I love it!
Have only used it a few times for simple projects but it seems to do a great job.  Very easy to operate.
this product is 100% to my satisfaction .couldn't be better .
"I love this machine and I love sewing because of it! I had a manual, very basic two stick machine and wanted something newer. I read the reviews and decided on the Singer Stylist. I'm so glad I bought it. I love the stitches, the ease of use, the start/stop button, and most everything else. I've made 5 articles of clothing for my daughters and myself. My mother was a seamstress and growing up, I always wanted to sew with her. She passed away a long time ago but I can now say that I am continuing her legacy and one of my daughters will be following mine, as well. She loves sewing and loves this machine. She's 8 and is able to use it."
loved it. very good quality.
"I HATE, HATE, HATE this machine. I've read and re-read the directions a dozen times. I still can't get it to thread right and the ""automatic threader"" is a joke. Honestly, I've had it for 6 months now and I can't even get it to work for me."
goooood!!
good
"So far have enjoyed using this machine. Think it is a great value, hope it well last a while, only time well tell. Very satisfied with it so far, only wish plate over bobbin where not of plastic, afraid of misplacing it, and it getting broken."
I love it so much. I haven't stopped sewing since I got it lol I sew everything now!
"This machine is working out GREAT for me. As a stay at home father to 3 homeschooling boys, this has helped me out immensely. Prior to getting this I had no sewing skills period. I was the typical male that couldn't sew to save a life. Now I am patching pockets, torn knees, sewing on karate patches, fixing/making pillowcases, the list goes on!!! Very easy to set-up and use. And Youtube has also been a friend in teaching me too."
"Very nice, quiet machine. Lots of automated features, easy to use it for a beginner as well.
Worth the money even if you just use it for small repairs around the house."
I was so excited to get this machine! I had to send mine back to Amazon because the bobbin did not work.
"Very unhappy with this sewing machine. It will not sew through a thicker area.  This is an area as in the fold on dish towel edges.  DO NOT BUY I purchased  December 23 ,2014.  I feel I need to already think of replacing it.  It will not be another Singer. they used to be tops but obviously are not the quality as they were in the past."
"I bought this machine for my 8 and a half year old daughter for her beginning sewing class.  Her teacher said that is an excellent machine that she
can use during her life time.  My daughter used it easily and figured out how to thread it and fill the bobbin all by herself just by looking at the
instruction manual."
Super easy to use and is so smooth. Love it!
"Wonderfully versatile machine.  This machine is doing all I expected from it.  I had to return the original machine due to a failure.  But this machine has been flawless over several months now.  (And by the way, Amazon's return procedure was equally easy to navigate and without hassle.)"
Awesome product
Great machine
I love my sewing machine. I use it very often and it works well.
"So far I really love this machine. I haven't tried all of the stitches yet but I have made a roll-up needle case for my knitting needles and crochet hooks. It sewed very well through several layers of fabric, one layer of which had a vinyl screen print on it. I love the variety of stitches and the quality of the stitch. Its very easy to fill and change out bobbins and re-thread the machine. I had an old Brother machine that belonged to my mother. She never had it serviced and it sat unused for long periods of time. Because of this, I had several issues with the thread bunching up - one big headache. A quality machine servicing is about $100 near me, that's not including any replacement parts that could have been needed. It made more sense to me to buy a whole new machine with all the fancy presser feet. This machine is definitely worth the buy, and you really can't beat the price"
"Wife is very happy with machine,however she has problem with auto theader.ant help would be nice."
"I haven't had time to use mine, but previously bought the same one for my friend's birthday and she loves it."
Love this machine.  The features are perfect for any sewing project.
love it... Sorry very excited to get a good machine again.
Nice machine.  Still learning.  So far no issues.
"I bought this for my grandaughter and she just loves it , it was easy for her to use and  has more advanced
 programs that she can use later"
Easy to use and very compact.  Definitely a good buy.
good..
good
"I had taken a long break from sewing. When my granddaughter asked to learn I decided to buy a new machine to teach her on. I LOVE IT! Already made new kichen curtains and matching towels! I haven't tried all stitches as yet, but planning quilt for another granddaughter going away to college and dorm life. Easy to thread, load bobbin...."
Worth every dollar spent
I am still learning to use this as I am a beginner. Instructions and DVD are helpful. I got a great deal on this machine. Very happy!
"I received this machine when they said I would in excellent condition.  This sewing machine is awesome and well worth the price.
Thank you Amazon.com"
"nice machine, light weight,threads and sews easily."
"I purchased for my mom, She is very happy with the machine...so far no problems. It arrived quick."
I love my new machine. It's great. With lots of features.
"Love it.  Very easy to thread.  This is my first sewing machine, I've always done more hand sewing, but looking forward to using this on many projects."
This was a gift to the wife who stitches and embroiders as a hobby. She loved the machine and its functionality.
Very nice machine.  Perfect for our needs!
Love! Love! Love it!
"Very good design and enough perfomance to me.
And price is very good."
Love it!
must buy . it is easy to use. i bought it for my 13 year old daughter. and  it was a breezy for her to do her project
I bought it as a gift for my grand daughter. She praised it highly. Ease of use & excellent CD instructions.
Fantastic! I love my new sewing machine and I would recommend this Fashion Mate. I was buying used machines and missing out on the new features. I'm glad I treated myself to the luxury of a new sewing machine.
I love the drop in bobbin - no more snags and snarls. The first project I used this on required elastic thread and it worked perfect! I'm so in love.
"Unfortunately it had come to me broken (Which I had heard does happen). I tried to troubleshoot and couldn't figure it out. I called singer and from what I told them, and after they tried troubleshooting with me, they determined it would need to be sent into them to get fixed. I sent it back to the sender. Very dissapointed"
Awesome machine for a newbie!  Figured out how to sew with the instruction book!
"Just what I wanted after 60 years of sewing, it does every thing I want to do."
"Fantatic machine ..too many features to go over but we have had this machine for a few years and it has worked like a champ with NO problems ..
My wife loves it and it has more features than you can shake a stick at .
Recomended
we also purchased a case for about 22.00 and that has been great at keeping the machine safe and clean at home and on the road ."
"Good machine with nice stitch quality and thread tension. It is very easy to thread. I like the fact that you can use the machine without a foot pedal. The snap on presser feet and drop in bobbin are very easy to use, and save a lot of time.  Dark colored thread might be hard to see, though. The thread cutter is kind of awkward, but it may be just me. The machine looks very clean and simple, and it's easy to tell what the buttons are for."
This machine is no longer supported by Singer.  Choose another.  It was dropped due to too many problems reported to the manufacturer
Wonderful machine at a great price.
"Bought for 7 (now 9) year old daughter.  Works great.  She has made aprons, pillow cases, blankets.  Check out some of here warez at http://www.sydsew.com.  Would recommend as a good beginner sewing machine."
nice machine
Excellent
"I didn't really like this sewing machine. I have previously borrowed my mother's Brother XR3000 to alter a few items, I'm not a professional but my mother sewed for many years and I learned enough sewing common sense watching her. Tired of borrowing I decided to get my own machine and did a lot of research to see which one to get. Many people praised the Singer brand and specifically this model, which also had many extras like differet foot attachments and different stitch patterns. Once I got the machine, I carefully opened everything and read the manual before even plugging it in. After reading the directions I wound the bobbin, it wound fast and evenly enough.
Then I proceeded to thread the machine. This is the part I didn't like. It says ""easy threading"", I don't think so. When you thread the top needle, it's ok, different than Brother but nothing that can't be re-learned. Threading the bobbin thread was the harder part. In Brother, the bobbin thread moves over a piece of plastic, snips off the thread and you're done (1 second). In this Singer I had to first pull a long tail, then thread the top needle, then rotate the wheel to make one stitch and pull the bobbin thread through, and the tension didn't make it super easy either. I had to thread and pull slowly to avoid tearing the thread. Basically, to thread the Brother it takes me seconds, to thread the Singer took me a few minutes. Because I change thread colors so often, and work on smaller projects, I need a machine with simpler and faster threading, wasting time adds up. So this definitely did not work for me. The thing is, you don't realize how weird the threading here is until you read the manual, AFTER you buy the machine... Maybe this is why many negative reviewers has issues with threading and tension, it is designed in a complicated way.
The second problem. When I finally threaded everything correctly. I stitched a row on a denim scrap (1 layer) to see how the stitches looked. The stitches were not as even and straight as I would like them to be. One would look a tiny bit to the left, the other a tiny bit to the right, the third would be straight, etc. In all the stitches looked like I had hand sewn it.
Anyway, I carefully repackaged everything, and shipped it back. (And ordered a Brother)."
love this machine
I'm very happy I chose this machine.  Works amazing.i highly recommend.
"I a sorry to confess - I have a different perfectly good sewing machine that does a lot of cool stuff. So why did I buy this one (besides the fact it was a lightning deal with a super price)? Because it had one feature my other one didn't - it threads the needle.

As I have aged, so have my eyes and so has the steadiness of my hands. I'm still able to do 99% of everything, except for being able to thread the needle! I hated to stop sewing for that one tiny thing!

Back in my Jr High years, I learned on a Singer, but it did straight stitching, zigzag for button holes, and that was it. Singer has come a long way, and I actually found it easy to do some of the fancier stitches on the machine.

I do find it a bit disconcerting that the foot pedal is so light and that I can't adjust the pedal speed (except by touching the pedal more lightly), but overall, it is a super machine for all round sewing. I found the instructions for threading the machine to be very clear, and yes, the threading feature works.

I'm back to sewing again."
I love it!
"This machine broke the second time I used it and unfortunately that happened after the 30 day return policy.  I have always owned Singer machines and when I decided to replace my 25 year old machine with a machine I could just do some light repairs and small projects on I thought this machine fit my needs.  I was so disapointed in the quality of this machine...everything is plastic including the presser foot lift, which when lifted gave you only a 1/2 inch space to adjust your fabric. I highly recommend that you review the machine first hand before ordering it on Amazon so you fully know what you are buying."
"I have had my sewing machine now for 6 months and love it.  Mind you I am a beginner sewer and go to Joann's for sewing classes.  The videos help to thread the machine..great starter machine!  I have sewn several projects on it... 2 totes (heavy materials), skirt, multiple lanyards, decorative baskets, jacket, and pajama bottoms.  For all you newbies I don't use the foot peddle...love it!"
easy to use
Great price. Great buy
Just the right size + easy to follow instructions...I threaded and sewed FIRST TRY.....and I am not mechanical at all.....very pleased!!!
"This was a Christmas present for my daughter-in-law who never sewed before. It is simple enough for a beginner, but operates well enough to please someone with more skill. I think I made a great choice for her and expect her to use it for many years to come as she develops confidence with sewing."
my daughter uses daily
good sewing machine for $99 dollars.
great
Great sewing machine.  Very quiet.  Many pre- programmed stitches.
Arrived as advertised
(sometimes tension needs adjustment) love it easy to use  would recommend
Didn't get a chance to use it until after the return date.  The tension is impossible to adjust..  Read some reviews and find it is a fairly common problem.  I think I would like the machine if it weren't for that.  Off to the repair guy with my fingers crossed.
Sews as expected. I have just used it once so far.
"The light is not bright enough. Many days I have accidently left it on bc you don't even realize it is on!!  The thread continuously comes unthreaded from the needle after you stop sewing and cut the thread then begin again. I do like that it has a sewing speed. I'm not used to a start/stop button on the machine (as opposed to a foot pedal) so it took a little while to get used to that. When changing between different stitches, you have to go thru a group of 10 numbers to get back to regular stitch."
"I couldn't be more delighted! My sewing machine arrived three days early in overall good condition. The box was slightly battered but no damage to the machine inside.
Using this machine is a delight. Simple, effective, and with a lot of really fun variety. Really solid for use by all skill levels. This machine is a home run."
"I learned to sew on a Singer and fall in love with it and won't sew on any thing else. My husband bought me a Singer when we had our first child and I sewed for us, made shirts, pants, skirts, and so forth. That sewing machine lasted 38 yrs. So I thought is was time for a new machine and found the Singer 7256 and like what it had to offered. I enjoy sewing on it. It is a pleasure."
This sewing machine is great.  It arrived safely and on time. A great machine for the money with lots of features.
Great machine!
"I have a Singer for YEARS and still actually do have it. When I say years, I mean about 18 years.  Last year, my dad bought me a different brand for my Christmas/Birthday present and I loved it....then it died a bit over a year later.  To get it serviced would cost as much as buying a new one.

So....I went back to SInger and bought this!  SO far, so good.  Easy to use. I like the functions.  The ONLY thing I wish I didn't have to do was manually bring up the bobbin thread.  That is the only thing that I am bummed about (and that isn't really that big of a deal AT ALL)

So...YAY SINGER!!!"
"bought for grandaughters they love them
I have a much more expnsive machine by love to use this one"
Great machine. No problems except for automatic threader. Very difficult to figure out.  Otherwise. Excellent purchase for the money.
"So far, I l really like this machine.  It has so many features, but not so many that it can get all broken easily and not servicable. Comes with lots of attachments, I sat right down and sewed!  Love the self threading feature.  And, hey, it's a Singer, who could ask for anything more!!!!  I love Singer, have always used one, even a featherweight from the 1800s which still works.  I trust the name and I really like this machine."
"My wife was overjoyed with this gift and called it the ""gift of the year""  Singer brand shows in the quality of metal used, ease of operation, and typical Singer quality."
"Love this machine.  Very satisfied.  Had for about a month.  Learning to quilt.  Excellent so far.  The more I use it, the more I enjoy it."
"If you enjoy sewing, DO NOT BUY this machine! I have been sewing for over 50 years and even the dog hides when she sees me going to my sewing room! I was so looking forward to sewing for granddaughters in retirement, but there is nothing fun about this machine. Basically Singer customer service has told me (a seamstress for over 50 years) that I must ""be threading the machine wrong""! Sews straight stitches fine ; will NOT sew zigzag; sews some of the fancy stitches but not all! As soon as a Brother goes on sell, this one is going in the trash! I would not even give it away!"
Love this Machine! I am so glad I decided on this one. It is so smooth and I can't recommend it enough! I got a great price and super fast shipping :) All I can think about is sewing now :) haha
"I love it. Thank you. Package arrived perfectly in order as expected. Nothing missing.
Thank you."
"I got this for my wife. She likes it, hasn't used it much, but she likes it. No complaints!"
So far it is awesome.
"I hadn't sewn since middle school, (a long time ago, in a galaxy far away...) but this machine was so simple to set up and use! I stared at it for a while after unboxing, kind of lost and wondering if I had made a mistake.  SO I popped the dvd in to my computer, and it was so helpful!  I'm not going to be doing any crazy hardcore sewing, just some crate covers for my dogs and applying patches and minor repairs, so for that it works great. It comes with four bobbins, a few feet, and a few needles to get you started. Be sure to order sone ballpoint needles if you plan on working with knits. The machine is super cute looking, too! I love the green. This was a great buy."
bedt choice and good seller
I'm not a professional seamstress or tailor but this does more than the average machine and is exactly what I wanted and needed for my home.
very pleased - machine was delivered very quickly
For my wife. So far ok
so far so good
"I love this machine.  I would give it five stars, but the plastic pedal will sometimes stick."
love my new sewing machine
"I love this sewing machine!  It is easy to thread, easy to change stitches and sews beautifully."
Great machine! I am no expert and this machine is easy to use and sews my projects with ease! I have enjoyed my sewing experience so far thanks to this machine.
So awesome for the price.
Bought this for another granddaughter because the first Singer I bought for the first one love hers and so got another one that was available.
Love it. So very pleased. More then what I expected.
Sewing machine didn't last very long.
"Love, love, love this machine. With my old machine I seriously thought It was me making all the mistakes. Nope. Sewing has never been more easy or fun. Every time I put on a new presser foot I stalk you tube to learn how to use it. You tube is teaching me to sew haha."
"Gave as a gift, daughter loves it!"
"Seems to be a great deal, have had it for three months now and no complaints. This has been better than I expected for this price, I think it has been a real bargain. Have  altered cloths, made some drapes, other small household projects."
"This machine is like learning to sew allover again.  I have an old singer which was great for simple seeing but did not do anything fancy.  I bought this thinking I would love to use it.  It's just so different, from winding the bobbin to figuring out how to create the stitches i wan.  It's not easy and I'm disappointed in myself that I haven't stuck with i."
Works great and super easy to operate.
"I am basically a beginner to sewing. LOVE the DVD that shows step by step how to load the bobbin and thread, goes over the stitches. Easy to use."
"Great beginner machine- very easy and intuitive to use..... making my first quilt now, and the thread drops very seldom."
Best machine ever used!
"Gave this machine to my daughter as a Christmas Present.  She needed a machine that would create one-step buttonholes, etc.  Her old machine had a buttonhole foot but was very complicated and difficult to use.  She is pleased to have this new machine."
"What's is sew? Now is sew. I cannot believe the sew when I do it. I miss her, but she's got everything yes she do now. When I put the thread in the thread hole and push the petal to the medal, she scream a frire and she put the seam in the scream so to say. What a better way to have a day!"
Great machine
Great sewing machine for the money!
"So far, so good!  It arrived in a timely manner and so far, has performed above expectations.  All though the directions are a bit difficult to read (as the other languages immediately follow and it is a bit confusing), I have mastered and discovered a few things.  I was able to repair one item and finish 2 pillows upon set up."
"Easy to use, and comes with instructional videos.  So far, so good!"
This is a very good machine for the money and I use mine almost weekly (which seems like a lot for a straight male).  It works that well.
"Are you kidding me?? I was pricing this on the JoAnne fabric sight after receiving a sales flyer from them via e-mail. I loved all the features it had but couldn't justify the cost through JoAnne's - I decided to look for it on Amazon and wahlahhh, there it was! The exact model that I wanted for a fraction of the cost!! I instantly placed an order and within days I was a sewing maniac! Fabulous machine, fast delivery right to my door and it's a Singer!! Love it!"
"Award winning? They must have gotten a different machine than I did... I have to admit, I was impressed for the first three small projects that I did, but then the machine started acting up..

I first noticed that the zig zag wouldn't work properly. I couldn't change the stitch length, and it skipped over half of the stitches! I went back to the straight stitch by turning the machine off and back on, then re-threaded the machine, including the bobbin. Guess what? Now the straight stitch was skipping huge sections of stitches!

Thus ensued a battle with this machine that continues every time I use it...thread machine, test..nope..re-thread, test..works...skips stitches, re-thread, test...nope...re-thread, test, ok....oh wait...nope... turning the machine off and on in between every re-thread.

Now I'm stuck with a machine I paid a lot of money for, I can't afford to buy a new one, so all of my projects have sections that look horrible. The straight stitch works intermittently. The zig zag and other stitches work not at all. And I've tried every trouble shooting recommendation in the manual and online that I could find...to no avail. I even tried all kinds of different thread...it didn't make any difference.

Do I want a replacement? No. Why would I go through the headache of sending a machine back ( I don't even have the box for it ) just to get the same horrible machine again? Not impressed with Singer at all.

I'll just take the hit, save my money, and get a different machine when I can afford it (maybe next year). Until then, I'm leaving my first EVER negative review for anything I have ever bought."
"Update to my previous review. The sewing machine works great. The problem with the thread breaking was due to operator error. I wasn't threading the machine correctly bcz I was in too much a rush to read the instructions, smh."
I liked everything about it except the light. It's just not bright enough. Too small.
"After 40 years with my Kenmore (which still works well) I decided to get a new one.  Works well, I'm trying to learn some new things and how to use it.  The owner manual is good."
Wife really likes this machine.
"I'm a beginner, but this machine is easy to set up and begin sewing. It's also easy to transport--I took it to a seeing class. This is a great machine in this price range. I'd recommend it to anyone in the beginner/intermediate range."
So far working good was able to get some jean hems sewn. Done some smaller projects fairly easy to use. So far I like it.
This was purchased as a gift.  The recipient loves the machine.  A great value.
"Pretty good machine.  I haven't had any problems at all.  It's very easy to thread.  It does not come with the extended table attachment that gives you a larger flat work area, and Singer doesn't seem to be selling it separately.  That's disappointing, but it is fine without it."
First one missing a part. I called Amazon and had a new one at my house the next day! Unreal! The new one is great!
"Wife loves it, can't say I even know how to thread the needle Lol"
Love it!  So easy to use and so much fun!
great all purpose machine and priced right
"bought for ny daughter and is perfect for her, already making clothes for her daughter."
"I've had this machine for just over 4 years and it will not work. I can turn it on but the bobbin won't catch. Of course it's outside of the warranty and it was going to cost as much to repair it that I paid for it. I was told that Singer is not the quality it use to be (my mom's Singer sewing machine is 40 years old and still going strong). I'm very disappointed. I really enjoyed this machine until it quit working. It was very user friendly, but sadly it just isn't high quality. Now I'm left without a sewing machine that I can use."
great buy!
Trouble after a few months.
Good price & arrived as promised!
love it  sews great  very easy to use
This is by far my favorite machine! I love the top load bobbin. It is easy to operate and is working flawlessly for me. You can do so many things with this machine. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves to sew.
Great 1st sewing machine.
"Terrible, wouldn't  got through 1 layers of regular cotton. Kept jumping out of the track. Fail."
This was my first bought sewing machine! I LOVE it! It's simple to use but has all the bells and whistles to make any project! Lots of different stitches and very easy to understand and use. I love my stylist!!
"I bought this machine as a backup for when my Janome is in the shop, or I want to loan a machine to someone. It is a bit clunky by comparison, but it does what it is supposed to do in most circumstances. HOWEVER, the keyhole buttonhole feature makes the buttonhole backward so that the circle part of the buttonhole is at the wrong end. All my previous machines made it going the correct direction. I wrote to Singer giving them a chance to at least respond before I wrote a negative review on Amazon, but I never heard back. So don't imagine that you can put keyhole buttonholes in jeans or coats-- the buttonholes will either be too close to or too far from the garment's edge."
"So very easy to use and has more than I expected. Very happy with it, and very quite."
Just love it.
Simple to use. So happy to have the needle threader!
"fabulous machine. Elegant, complete. I love it!"
"I'm a beginner first off (as in never touched a sewing machine before lol) & this machine is super easy to use. I couldn't decide between this and a 500 dollar Janome machine (the janome had a full 5 stars and this had 4.8) well my funds ran out so I bought this one because it was similar & just didn't have the ""extras"". It has been great so far, I haven't done everything I plan to yet, so I can't say about different materials and stuff. It did not come with any sewing machine oil or thread so I did have to buy those, also no screwdriver for changing parts :-( but luckily I also bought an overlock machine that had the tools. It did come with a brush to brush away lint and a few other parts though, so overall, for the price I don't think you could go wrong purchasing it."
Excellent machine!  Handles heavy material easily.  Has some great features like auto needle threader and a perfect button hole maker.
"Got this machine on a whim.  My sweet MIL gave me a trusty Singer that once belonged to HER MIL so I knew that Singer had to be a great brand if that one was still going strong.  Why did I have to order one if I had one you ask?  I could not figure out how to work the stinking thing is why.  See, I don't really know how to sew and I am a ""need a book or video"" kinda gal.  The one I inherited was so old that it had neither book nor video and for the life of me I had no clue as to how to work the thing.  I know that my sweet MIL would have no issues showing me and teaching me but at this great price I jumped on it and made the purchase.  I am glad that I did!
This machine is light and travels easy.  Setup is a snap and the instructions in the book are a book nerds dream!  I recently ordered some curtains that had to be ""altered"" and my MIL used this machine and commented on its ease of use as well.
Maybe one day I will be able to haul out the ultra heavy metal Singer that my husband's grandmother once owned and be able to use it but for now if I have to sew on a button or hem something I will pull this baby out and get right to it!"
"Perfect, 5 star!"
"Great sewing machine! Works great, very quiet! Thinking of buying another one"
I love this machine. This machine is a joy to work with. Has worked instantly on every single thing and the stitch choices are awesome. I've been making baby blankets and have yet to change foots and it works beautifully. This machine puts decorative stitches on my blanket bindings with ease. I've also hemmed my pants without issues and fixed shirts.
this was a gift and I cannot say except she seemed pleased
My first ever sewing project was an A-line skirt that I wear regularly. This machine is so easy to use. I love the drop in bobbin feature and the computerised stitching. The needle threader is a great help. Only took about 10-15 minutes to get it set up and ready. I wish I could afford to buy more fabric all the time; sewing on this machine is really fun and easy. Can highly recommend for a beginner-intermediate (I have no clue about advanced sewers).
ONLY WORKED FOR 20 MIN. GOT AS A GIFT AND FIRST TIME I USED IT STOPPED WORKING . CALLED CUSTOMER & THEY SAID SORRY ITS OUT OF WARRANTY!!!
love it
"So far I've been very happy with my new sewing machine. It's not too complicated, but does everything I need it to do."
"I've had this machine for not even 6 months and it stopped sewing. I get the error message others mentioned here: e7. It's not in the manual, it's not mentioned on the Singer website. This goes back. I'm sorry about this, because it worked fine (until now). But I feel any sewing machine should last longer than half a year."
I have been looking for a replacement for my old machine for awhile.  I create cosplays for myself and my daughter and I use a wide variety of fabric.  I needed a machine that could be flexible.  I really love the different finishing stitches it uses.
Pretty good machine. Does occasionally eat my thread (But I am just learning so could be me). The piece that helps to thred for you broke after the first use and have been doing it by hand since.
"Love this machine!  User-friendly (even by a non-mechanical novice), beautiful stitches, and great fun to use.  All you need is thread."
A great machine at a reasonable price. Does everything we need.
"Bought this for my grandmother for Christmas lasted only 3 months! Started having pounding noises after 2 months of use. now it won't sew at all... Cleaned it out and oiled it and still no help.....
She always used singer sewing machines since the 60s... What waste of money....."
"I was at first intimidated at purchasing an electronic sewing machine because I am not tech savvy but this machine was much easier to learn how to use than I thought it would be. I have an old singer sewing machine that I have used for years and has never let me down. I didn't really ""need"" a new sewing machine but this one popped up as a deal of the day and you could not beat the price so I bought it. I am so glad I did! It runs smoothly and it is much quieter than my older singer. The presser feet that come with the machine (with some practice) are actually very easy to use and changing them is a snap!! Quite literally changed with the press of a switch! The stitches available on the machine are very versatile and I honestly believe even though I am a seasoned sewer, this machine is going to bring my projects up to a whole new level! I highly recommend this machine!"
My wife is thrilled. Thank you
Great machine and easy to use
"Had it for a while now, Its a good little machine. We used it to make bags, reupholster an old suitcase, and a  bunch of other small crafts for our wedding, sew on name tags, repair rips in shirts and jeans, fix a backpack, and make doll clothes. The button attachment has also seen a lot of use.
Pros: Easy to use, Lots of stitches (we only really use 4 or 5 but still nice to have,) multiple attachments.
Cons: Has trouble going trough layers of thick fabric.
Over all it has seen heavy use for a few months and light use since then and has performed admirably."
Was a gift
"It gives E4 error and no one can fix it. Maintenance costs $129. I've read online that many Singer users had this ""mysterious"" error and could not fix it too. Waste of money! It worked for couple of days only.... Can't find words to express my anger!"
"This is great product easy to set up & use, great instructions exactly what I was looking for to replace my 50 year old New Home sewing machine which incidentally is still in working condition and is a great beginner machine"
Great little machine for the price.  I needed a lightweight one for retreats and this fit the bill.  Does everything I need it to.
This was a gift for my daughter.  She loves it.  So easy to use.
"I love this sewing machine. I was very nervous when I ordered it... from all of the reviews online 50% of people seem to hate it and 50% of people seem to love it and I had not previously used a computerized machine.
It's not the best for really thick sewing projects, but if you are using reasonable materials and trim seams properly and go slow it's ok. Some of the issues that I have seem people post, I strongly believe are just due to user error. The pattern stitch selection is really cool. All of my previous machines were mechanical, I was very surprised at how much I liked the electronic sewing machine. The foot up or down option when stopping sewing is awesome! I never had that with any other machine. Comes with a great selection of feet and a handy manual, clear and easy to understand.
Do not put your fingers all over the LCD panel, your mess it up, it is sensitive to static... :)"
"New product, in perfect conditions... I still don't know how to use it well since I'm no tailor or anything... But I def love it, and arrived on time!"
From the beginning this has had timing issues. I have paid to ship the thing back only to get it back and have the problems start again. They cover the repairs under warranty. Calling for help is a nightmare. On hold for hours and then they hang up on you because it is after 4. I have never had it make it through a project with out the timing going bad. I could have replaced the machine for what it  has cost me to ship it back to them. I just want a machine that works.
"This machine is great for me as a beginner. The manual is straight forward and easy to read which helps me figure out which stitch to use for which project. My husband has also mentioned how quiet the machine is, although I do not go very fast. The purchase comes with a lot of goodies, I have used a couple different presser feet but not much more than that in the couple of months that I have had the machine. As someone who wasn't completely oblivious to how to work a sewing machine but still very much a beginner this has been a great purchase.
The machine also arrived on time and unharmed. It does ship in the product box and the box had a hole in it but there wasn't a problem with the machine or other contents."
"works great, handy to have"
got this for my Wife - got it on the Amazon Daily Deal - great deal for the price.
Great for beginners! Muy buena para principiantes!
"I love this machine. It's easy to use, sturdy, and I haven't had any issues with it after almost a solid month of use."
"I've only been using the machine for about a month, so haven't gotten into some of the more complex stitches or feet, but so far so good.  This is the first new machine I've had in 25 years, but it was very very easy to get started.  Threading is easy, the digital interface is pretty intuitive, and it is QUIET!  It is made of plastic, and I do wonder how it will hold up over time, but the plastic also makes it lightweight, easy to carry and lift.  It is well constructed.

The fancier stitches that I've tested out look good and sew up easily.  I haven't figured out the needle threader, and the apparatus itself is a bit in the way right around the needle but I suspect I'll get used to it as I go.  The instruction booklet seems well written.  Overall quality for the price is excellent."
"Excellent Machine ~ It don't matter if you are an experience seamstress or a novice sewer this machine will work just fine for you. Not
to mention all the ""extra's"" that was included with the machine.  Worthwhile investment."
Awesome singer sewing machine.  So easy to use and great selection of stitches.  I would highly recommend this sewing machine to the beginner and experienced.
Good
Great product at a great price. Very user friendly and shipped quickly.
I've only done a few basic projects at this point but it's very user friendly. Would be great for beginning sewers. It only took minutes to pull out of box and start sewing. Great for someone who uses it for basic projects but isn't heavy duty if you're looking for a heavy use machine I wouldn't recommend it.
Very easy to use. Love that you  do not have to have a foot pedal to sew and you can slow the machine down so Grandchildren  can sew.  Lots of fun. Easy to change needle position and stitch length.
"Sews like a dream, easy to get started with, too! Love it."
perfect!
Great machine and great price.  I have one just like this.  I purchased for a gift.  This will do most anything you need.
I love the sewing machine
This was a gift to my 72 yr. old tech adverse mother.  She loves it and made a nice looking shirt in no time.
Love this machine!!
Awesome deal. Love it
I bought this for my sister to use when she comes for extended visits. She's an excellent seamstress.  She has been very impressed with the operation and ease of sewing.  She gives it a big thumbs up!
"It is OK, not perfect.  Have trouble with bobbin tension.  Very frustrating."
"Only used a few times, but this is the best and easiest machine, I ever sowed on! I like all the stitches and the see through bobin window as well as the thread cutter and needle threader!"
"I've had this machine for exactly four weeks and it's my new best friend. Love the stitch options (plus ALL the other different settings), the presser feet it comes with, and best of all it was a good price! I've had issues with other machines of this brand, but with the 7258 my faith in the brand has been restored. Projects are endless! It pretty much came with everything I needed, like ballpoint needles as well. I only had to buy an even fees foot because it wasn't included with this model."
Been sewing up a storm. It runs so smoothly. Love it.
Easy to get going on it - instructions were written so that you can start sewing right away.  Love my new machine!
I love it!!!  So quite and no problems.
"good starter machine, my wife loves it, easy to use, the dvd explains almost everything you need to know, the rest is up to you!"
great machine...easy to use and great price
Wonderful sewing machine. It has enough options so that I can progress in my sewing but not so many as to overwhelm me. This singer was easy to set up and get started on some of my sewing projects. Very pleased with my purchase!
I love this new machine . It works very well so thank you .
"Love it.....fascinating to use and enjoy the variety of stitches. Still using my 47 year old Singer, but the new one adds so many new functions. I just quilted a baby quilt this week and love the ease and great look. Instructions were initially overwelmimg, but are easy to follow and no problem adapting to the new procedures."
I barely used it and it stopped working. Singer said they will repair it but we have to drive across the state to the nearest repair center. Very disappointed.
Excellent sewing machine.  Very easy to use.  Great results so far
"I got it because it was recommended on Consumer Reports and Good Housekeeping lists when my old Singer died.

 I bought it to teach a little neighbor girl how to sew and it worked well enough for that.  I was surprised how noisy and clunky it sounds every time I use it. I do like the stitch options though. It will do until I have a dedicated room and cabinet that will justify an upgrade. It's good enough for repairs and hemming, etc."
"I never write reviews about products, so the fact that I'm doing it now is really saying something. Let me start by saying that I almost purchased a machine that cost twice as much as this one, because I believe that you get what you pay for with certain things, and I didn't want to throw my money away on an inferior product. I decided on this machine at the last minute based purely on the great reviews it had. I had to admit I was skeptical, but wow. This machine is amazing. Granted, my last machine was a very basic starter machine, so this was a huge step up, anyway, but I just can't say enough about the quality of this thing! It is quiet, the stitches are perfect, it's SO easy to use, it comes with a bunch of cool feet- and best of all- it had t jammed on me once! I freaking love this machine! Buy it!!"
"I love this machine!! I have a little knowledge of sewing and found this machine great. I was concerned about the negative things some people wrote about the tension and the ability to sew through thick fabric.i have no problem with either. If you watch the video first you will avoid problems. The video is very informative, simple to understand and shows me how to do things with this machine that I can even do.! I was impressed with the information that I learned regarding when and how to use the varerity of  pressure foots. This machine sews like a dream and the auto needle threader is awesome. I researched many machines and read many reviews.. Do not be discouraged by someone's negitive review...the ones that have it right are the ones that agree with me that this machine is a winner!"
"This machine is great for intermediate sewers. It has a lot more features than standard machines and is easy to use. I personally have 4 sewing machines and this is my go to. The stitches available cover a wide array of options and applications. The lower bobbin is easy to use and I do love that there are so many accessories available for this machine as well as others from Singer. The many interchangeable accessories make the Singer line more valuable and efficient in my mind. It's not nearly as proprietary as some other sewing machine brands. Additionally, the easy availability of support and tutorials is great for this machine. The only issue I have with this machine is the self threading option. It's likely just me, but it's something I have yet to master and get the hang of. Other than that, this machine is a great general, go to, every day machine and I highly recommend it."
"I have been slowly getting into this machine as I knew it was going to be a learning curve since my other machine is a 60 year-old black cast-iron Singer that shows no signs of slowing down. That said, the workhorse lacks features I have longed to have, and this one fit the bill. I will list the pros and cons and will probably come back with an update as I gain more experience with it. (I am an intermediate to advanced sewer, albeit out of practice)

Remember my only point of reference is a 60 year old machine, so some of this stuff seems like magic to me.

PROS:
Easy threading. I like the auto tension for the top thread.
Bobbin winding is simple
Generous number of extra sewing feet
Storage compartment!
Quiet operation
Sewing plate has seam guide lines! (I know this is really dating myself)
Easy to follow manual
Pedal-less sewing
Clean straight stitch
Helpful DVD

CONS:
Sideways thread spool (That's just weird, this is probably more of a personal preference rather than a con, YMMV)
Light is not bright enough (I have to bring in extra light, maybe younger eyes don't need it but if you are over 40, it won't be enough)
Plastic presser foot lever (Something that gets this much use should be metal)
Terrible work space around the needle. This is the most concerning of the cons. I have smallish hands and cannot maneuver well around the presser foot area. It is very tight and way too much ""stuff"" around the needle.
Needle threader is a nice feature if it made the job of threading easier. I find it easier to do it myself because the auto threader is too complicated and difficult to operate. Oh but they make it look so easy on the video. I wish. The rest of the time the threader is there getting in my way. If I can figure out how to remove it I will.
Bobbin is nice but the tiny slots for the thread are hard to find and finicky, maybe I just need more practice.
LED select buttons. This is minor but I should mention you can only go up with selection of the number. You can't go back down if your next selection is a lower number. You have to go up again until you reach the number you desire. Picky but annoying, it is a computer, how hard would it be to program in the instructions to change the number both ways?
No case. There is one available for extra purchase, but why not charge $10 more and just include it? It does however have a dust cover.

I might add a bit of personal information in case anyone else out there is in a similar position. I deliberated for years as to whether I needed a new sewing machine. I didn't sew enough to make that investment. OTOH, if I did buy a new machine with my desired features, maybe I will sew more. I finally took the plunge with this machine when Amazon put it on sale. I can honestly say I believe this was a great choice and wish I had done it sooner. So go for it! The workhorse stays however; it is an engineering marvel."
"I have had my new machine for 3 weeks but just got to start using it 5 days ago. Been very busy. I LOVE it. My old Kenmore machine still works but I wanted to update and have the automatic embroidery stitches. This Singer is a perfect size and was simple to set up with the instructional book and the DVD to watch. Lots of presser feet of which I have not had the chance to use yet. Right now I am using it to make pillows for my redecorated LR. It is very quiet to use. So far I am very very happy with my new machine and the price I paid on Amazon for it. I am not a professional seamstress but I make my own curtains, placemats, decorative pillows. I am also going to start quilting and this machine will make that even more fun. Great beginner to mid range type of machine."
very good
Does more than I imagined!!!  Excited to use it!!!
Totally enjoying this product!
It will be better.
My Granddaughter was surprised and thrilled.  Now she can learn to sew!!
Great machine.
"have only used it once ,but it is a beautiful machine  and I am looking to having some time to do some more sewing"
One the best for the price!
So far wife loves it
"This is a great machine so far!  I am not a sewing expert by any means but I am loving learning how to sew on this machine!  The machine set up is really simple and the quick start guide was really easy to follow. I like that there are so many stitches with this machine, you can never add those later so it is important to get a lot of stitches with your machine.  I have been told (by someone who knows how to sew) that if you don't get a machine with a satin stitch it will never sew right on satin no matter what you do, so its important to get a lot of stitches up front.  The price, plus accessories and all the stitches make this machine a great bargain!"
Best machine I've used in a looong time. Their models just keep getting better and better. SINGER is still an unparalleled brand in my opinion.
"Well, it's a great machine with lots of options, BUT it also has a horrible, deal-breaking electronic issue that ""just happens sometimes."" Look it up and buyer beware; my first machine only sewed 3 hours before the fatal error (amazon's amazing customer service let me trade it back), and I've been using the replacement (sparingly because I'm afraid) for a couple months now. Looks like Singer isn't the brand it once was. My old Brother is still more reliable."
I haven't sewed for years but this machine is so easy to use I'm sure I'll be making lots of things.  Light enough to move around where you want.  Great quality for the price.
"I love this sewing machine, does about everything. The only thing I think is dumb is that you can't reverse the stitch on a single line stitch or at least I haven't found a way. I've tried the 98 settings and it does do the reverse stitch when you start but does do it when you finish."
So easy to use for a novice like me! It's such a fun machine!
Amazing
Sews great.  Love the automatic button holes.
Love it!
great!!
"stitches don't hold , auto tension not working."
"I really love this machine so far. It's my first one, I'm a beginner, and I had a hard time figuring it out at first, the manual confused me but now that I have it's really easy. I haven't had any skipped stitches or anything, it's sewn through what I've thrown at it so far. When setting it up I accidently dropped it on its head and that didn't mess it up either. No issues so far!"
Wife loves it
"I haven't had or used this machine long enough to give a ""how well it does over the long haul"" review, but, so far, I'm having a blast with it! It's easy to use and has lots of cute decorative stitches. Although I've never had a machine with speed control (other that applying more/less pressure to the foot peddle), I really enjoy that feature on this machine."
In less than two months the foot peddle stopped working-
"I bought this on a daily sale for $99 and I'm glad I didn't pay any more for it.  I wanted to upgrade my 38 year old Kenmore, but this machine is not as sturdy as the Kenmore.  It's a little too compact for my liking between the needle and the arm.  I have not had any time to work with all the stitch options so I'm hoping that they are the redeming factor that the machine."
I am not super happy with this machine right now I keep getting an E7 error message which apparently means that there is an electronic error in the machine.  Or in short the machine will not sew until fixed.  I had to call singer up to get this fixed and was on the phone for 2 1/2 hours waiting for my call to be answered which is apparently my fault since I didn't call in the morning.  WHAT I DID FIND is that most of the time that the E7 error message is caused by not having the foot pedal to the machine plugged in correctly 9 out of 10 times so if you are getting this message then you need to plug the foot pedal in better.  Super rude acted like everything was my fault.  Terrible customer service.  I do really like my machine while it is working.
Great machine. I've used it a lot since I got it.
"Pretty happy with my new machine.  Been using her now for a couple of months and have exactly zero complaints.  It is quieter than my last, it does not bounce around when I am pedal to the metal."
Love it
This machine makes me excited to get back to sewing!!
"Wish it had a faster speed.
But it's a good machine all the way around!!!"
"This was a gift, but I have heard nothing but good things about it."
Not quite useful
I love Singer brand sewing machines because of how durable they're. This machine is so easy to use and made me remember how much I love to sew. My last machine was a much older model that kept needing to be serviced which made sewing projects very frustrating. Now I look forward to sewing with this machine. Would definitely recommend to beginner seamstress and more advanced if you want a reliable light weight machine.
"I was really surprised at how nice this is.  I just wish they would not have added the needle threader.  Even if it worked, it makes it really awkward to work, and see around it.  Changing needles and presser feet for instance, is unnecessarily difficult. It is SO not worth the aggravation it causes.  I might try to get it cut off."
So easy to to use!  Love it!
"A great machine, it's quiet, easy to use, and it works great!"
Excellent. Solid.
My first sewing machine....very easy to work with!  Have used it for 2 years so far with no problems.
"Very well packaged worked great out of box, has been used often with no signs of wear or future issues."
Bought this for my girlfriend. It's her first sewing machine and she loves it. She has been using it for several months now and has no complaints. She had to buy a walking foot because it didn't come with it and that's about it.
"I've been sewing for about 40 years. I also sold sewing machines at a local sewing repair shop. This is a nice machine, I was able to thread machine and select stitches without help of instructions or DVD, for someone who has experience using sewing machines it's very easy to operate. For someone new to sewing machines, keep in mind, it takes time & patience to learn the functions of any sewing machine, so I would recommend this machine for any beginner, it's just that easy to learn on. Don't get discouraged or feel its to technical, take one step at a time, most problems with machines, such as threads breaking, machine jamming etc.etc. is due to tension adjustments, improper threading, incorrect bobbin or winding or incorrect needle for fabric. Once you gain experience on the machines operation thru trial and error you'll find this machine is quite nice for the money. One other nice feature for those who have back issues or difficulty with pain in their legs that using a foot petal is difficult, this machine can be operated without the foot pedal. It has a start/stop button on face a machine. (Update..as of 3/26/16 I'm still in love with this machine. I use it all the time and never had a issue. Great machine)."
Bought as a gift. She loves it.
seriously awesome. money well spent!
Really easy machine to use.  Stitches nicely so far.
"I love my new Singer machine.  It does as explained in the description, and was a great buy for $200."
"Received this machine yesterday and I have been sewing with it right out of the box. All I did was plug it in, fill the bobbin and add thread by using the needle that was already in place and the auto needle threader. This machine is quiet, sews beautiful without adjustments and has many beautiful decorative stitches that are ready to use at the press of a button. There are also several presser feet that I haven't tried yet. Thank you Singer! Great machine at a great price!"
"I am an absolute beginner with an interest in sewing simple projects at home. The price was right for this machine ($137), so I decided to give it a try.  I received my order yesterday and I was using it within 20 minutes. I even made two simple accent pillows on the first try! I'm very pleased with my purchase and I recommend it to anyone who is considering a new hobby."
nice
I bought this machine after not sewing for 7 years and it made it so simple and fun to re-learn.
Love it! i am a beginner on sowing and i think is easy to use the machine.
"When I first got it, it worked great. But this is definitely not a heavy duty sewing machine. I found it difficult to sew layers, even double layers of medium weight knit fabric. Probably best for quilting, and other lightweight projects. However, it does get the job done if you force your fabric to go through. Also, the needle got stuck to where I couldn't change it out. It was weird only after having it for a couple of months."
This machine is great!
"So frustrated!! Used this for only 1 hour and C4 message came up. Did everything to resolve by the manual and still code keeps coming up. Can't even wind a bobbin!! Looked online and others say this code has come up and no one knows how to resolve. Yes I got it as the Deal of the Day for a great price but I thought with Singer I would be all set, such a Bummer!"
Bought the sewing machine with excitement used it once upon receiving it. Used it a second time one month later and did not work. Need to take it to a singer place because I can't even return it.
After lots of research I went w/ his one. As Iam new to sewing machines this was very easy to operate. Love it!
"i grew up using Singer machines and never thought i would like another machine, but they have gotten to be so cheaply made.  i think this machine would work for the beginning or fairly lightweight sewer, but i don't think it will stand up to hard or extended use.  i tried to stay loyal and then after 50 years as a Singer customer i switched to a Brother machine.  i'll never go back..."
"So far, I am loving it for my needs as a beginner sewer."
The machine worked perfect
Wife and 8 year old boy thought it was great.
Great
I haven't used a sewing machine in 20+ years.  This is easy to use - I have already made curtains & pillows with no problems.  Be sure to watch the DVD that is included.
"This inexpensive machine performs like a more expensive machine. I've had it for more than a year and sewn many yards of fabric with it. I make my own clothes and sew for my family, this machine sews heavy fabric with ease. I made all my Christmas gifts this year and most was done on this machine."
Wife loves it
Yes I like this machine; it has made a wonderful replacement for my 35 year old Singer machine that was damaged when we moved home to Upstate New York from Florida recently.  I received my order sooner than expected and in excellent condition.
"I brought the product for a Christmas gift for my wife. The one time she tried to use it, she got an error message on the screen and it did not work. But the representative of Amazon sent a replacement.  I'm waiting to seen if this one works."
"Update..3/1/15...Still not understanding negative reviews...just plowed through making a canvas bag and quilted tote(with really thick seams)...did have to help the fabric through the feed dogs a bit, but this machine just kept a sewing!  Did I say...LOVE TO THE LOVE??

Got this as a Christmas present from the hubster.  I strongly suggest for all newbies to sewing, take your time and watch the dvd, then sit down with the manual and familiarize yourself with your machine.  Practice the automatic needle threader until it becomes second nature.  I don't understand negative reviews, as too confusing on the manual...as it wasn't at all.  My threader did have a problem, as it wouldn't come down, and customer service from Singer was 5 star.  I had to send a copy of my receipt and the serial number, and my new piece is on it's way!  The CSR's were friendly and even gave ""free advice""...how to thread easier while my part is in transit and to make sure the needle is fully up, even if you have the auto needle position up, turn the knob a bit to make sure.  Sew many projects...soooo little time!!!"
Easy to use
"Junk. Worked only one time. Went to use a second time and only got Error Messages which are not listed in the manual. E4, E7. Returned."
Mom loves it!!!
"Excellent machine, easy to use, love it!"
"Bought this for our 11 and 13 year old granddaughters and they love it.  It did take a while to figure out and teach them how to thread it and fill the bobbin and get it in right, but once we got that done the computerized stitching is a breeze."
"Excellent product  I would buy it again, and recommend it to anyone looking for Computerized Sewing Machine especially for this price"
Great Product
great book
A gift for my wife who was using a much older machine. She is exploring it and it seems to keep her entertained with all the possibilities. Her creations have been both useful and at times interesting.
"I haven't used it yet, so will update this when I do. It came on time, looks very nice, and I love all the options for the stitches. Looking forward to sewing again!"
"I purchased this machine about 5 months ago. I sew for pleasure and as a business so this gets used almost daily. This is not a heavy duty machine. It worked great the first 4 months. I then used an embroidery stitch on the bottom of a pair of shorts and used stabilizer, nothing the machine shouldn't be able to handle, and switched back to a straight stitch and the stitch was off, on a slight diagonal between stitches and tension was off and has been since. I did absolutely everything to fix the tension and finally gave up and took it to a service shop. They want $120 to fix it, and I only paid $180 for it new. I am going to trade it in for a higher quality machine. I think if you use this for very basic sewing and will not be using it very frequently then it will probably work ok, but if you sew a lot this is not a good option. I have heard from several people, sewing machine service professionals and others, that Singers are not made like they used to be...I believe it. At first I did not, because this machine was amazing at first!! But after extended use (I oil and clean per the manual), it is having some problems. I had high hopes for this machine because of the overall positive reviews but I think it is time for me to invest in something better. I enjoy the automatic threader, and automatic buttonhole(although I hold my breath every time...it can be finicky). The backstitch is also nice, as is the needle in option. Do your research to find the best option for your sewing needs."
"This is no question 10/10. For the price point, there isn't even points worth comparing against other models. This thing is smooth, and has a TON of features. We've fixed SO MANY THINGS with this since we've gotten it. My wife has just started making cat toys/cat beds and even her own dresses.

For what this costs on prime, it is FANTASTIC. I am an engineer so believe me, I scrutinize quality VERY closely. This will make the recipient happy."
Very confusing instructions.
Excellent machine and easy to use and set up.  I purchased this for my 9 year old daughter since she showed interest in learning how to sew.  Before I could even find the time to help her set the machine up she did it herself and was sewing away.  She loves the stitch choices.  She even showed me how to sew. We are very happy with the purchase.  The only disappointment is that it doesn't come with the table extension.
"Excellent sewing machine.  I bought this as my first machine, and am learning to sew on it.  The manual is very thorough and easy to follow.  It comes with all of the presser feet I have needed so far in my 3 months of sewing, plus a few others whose functions I will learn later.  Easy to thread, easy to wind the bobbin, easy to sew with.  I would recommend this machine to any beginning sewer."
Love this...
great!
"good product..had a pit of problem with tension, but think it is working now"
"We bought this machine before moving back to the country and with the chaos of the move did not get started using it until a year later. After threading there was an E2 error code. There are no error codes included with the manual or available online. After searching online we found that this was not an isolated incident and many folks were in touch with Singer through their fb page but no response or solution was provided. After several phone calls to local repair shops, we took it in and had it fixed. It was a bad sensor. $70 later it is working. The Singer company is not our grandmother's Singer company and we will never buy this brand again. They are no longer American owned and their quality and service are well below par. I believe that this is a good machine, but if we had it to do over, we would select another brand."
"The best machine ever!!  My wife has been sewing her whole life and this is her 4th or 5th machine.  It's hard to believe that someone could get so excited about a sewing machine.  She has been repairing everything is the house from duffel bags to new zippers on backpacks that are both made up of heavy  material.  For once the old adage ""they don't make them like they used to"" is only true in that they make them better.  NO NEED TO BUY THE MORE EXPENSIVE MACHINE UNLESS YOU DO A LOT OF APPLIQUES!"
GOOD BUY
"the name says it all, Thank You Singer for a great machine."
Great product.  Easy to use.  Delivered on time.
Possibly user error but I don't think so. I have used every tension setting and it is either too tight or the top thread is too loose at any setting. Extremely disappointed since there were so many high reviews. Taking it into a repair shop to see what they can do since I am three days past my send back time. Ugh. Haven't had very good luck with Amazon this Christmas.
awesome
it`s good!!
Bought this for my daughter as her first machine and she loves it! Easy enough for a beginner to figure out.
"Had to do some sewing to reupholster a chair. Given my mom is getting up there I asked her to show me some sewing tips to pass it along. I usually have her to my sewing projects. But time for me to take of those things on my own. Anyway I doubt I would ever use all these options on this thing. However, I can say that the threading mechanism for the needle is great. I can remember my mother grumbling and cursing in her attempts to see how to put the thread through the needle in the old days growing up watching her sew. Anyway what a neat invention. I think she was a little jealous when I told her this had that functionality. The CD ROm was useless. And for whatever reason I could NOT get the bobbin to thread. It either would not thread or thread the bobbin holder. I tried and tried re-reading the instructions each time. I had to go online and watch several videos of women doing it there. Finally got it. Might not be able to do it again but I will just go back to see the videos I guess. This machine is very light weight too."
I love this machine!! It has handled everything I have done so far!! Love it!!
Excellent Machine
"I am a beginner sewer and so far so good.  It pulls a little, but nothing I can't correct."
Absolutely love!
"I'm a 71 year old retired man, and I had never sewn a stitch in my life before getting this machine.  The Book instructions were every easy to follow and understand.  The instruction disk and the YouTube video were very helpful as well.  I've had the Singer for one month ( since Dec. 22, 2014) and have made 21 pillowcases, one scrap quilt and four window valances.  I've spent way more on fabric in one month than I paid for the Singer 7258."
Exactly as described.  So happy with this machine.  Love all the stitches.
"Just received my order via Prime. Delightfully surprised that it was delivered on time, despite the blizzard and the State being shut down. I am very new to sewing and enrolled in a beginners class. So far, the machine looks, sound and feels nice. The users' manual mentions an ""extension table"" however I did not receive one with my order. Tried calling the number on the box but cannot reach that number from my calling area. Was wondering if anybody can provide me feedback about the extension table. Thanks

However, I do plan to review this product in more details in a few weeks. I would have given it 5 Stars but due to the 'extension table' ambiguity in the User's Manual, I will give it 4 Stars at the moment."
Love this machine. It does everything I wanted it to do & then some.
Excelent for my mother
"I'm going to enjoy this machine as it has an automatic needle threader. I used it today for the first time. Threading a needle has become difficult for me, so this feature attracted my attention! The foot pedal is a bit frustrating because it is so light weight and moves around when stepping on it. But not a big problem. A small compartment for bobbins, etc. detaches and leaves an armhole sleeve setup. It will be fun to try out the various stitch settings! This computerized machine is easy to use after reading the instructions as not every machine is alike. It comes with a DVD on all the instructions for its use. It deserves the five stars I give it!"
so far so good........easy to use
Daughter in law loves the machine.
My daughter is learning to sew on this unit and so far so good!
Made in china broke on first use.
"Great machine, easy to use."
Do what I need it to do...sew. Nice little machine.
"I've just had a chance to start working with my machine despite having it for nearly two months now and I'm left wondering why it took me so long to get started. It's a great machine! Setup is easy, it's quiet, and it has all of the stitches an intermediate sewer like me could ever need. I really enjoy that I don't have to have my foot on the pedal to have it stitch in reverse. My main issue with it so far is that the pedal is pretty flimsy due to the fact that it's all plastic. I wish it were a bit heavier like the pedal from my old Janome. Also, the power cord is pretty short which is also a pain but easily solved with an extension cord. All in all I'm very happy that I purchased this machine and I highly recommend it!"
Absolutely what I wanted.  It is so easy to use and I have so many projects to make.
I purchased this machine to replace an old Singer that I have had for many many years which no longer worked.  I am glad  to have  purchased this new one  which  was on sale at Amazon.  It is easier to use and has multiple stitching features .  I wish it  included a carrying case though.
Very easy to use. Light and loaded with all the features you would need.
"REALLY NO instructions!! NO MANUAL I AM SO ANGRY...I have not been able to even thread it.....I have used many machines, that you can just start sewing on...guess I am to old fashion...INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE!!!!!"
the machine never worked
Thanks
"liked the DVD that came with it....instructions very clear....machine easy to use
only con is the switch to turn it on is in awkward place"
"i received this as a christmas gift to start learning to sew and it has been a great machine. when i got it home i read only as far as to thread it all up and then i got started on simple straight stitch projects. as i became able to sew straight lines and get the feel of the machine i did projects with other stitches and fabrics and have finally read the entire book that came with it. i love this machine so far!

update.  i could not figure out what i was doing wrong. it was skipping stitches, the bobbin thread was wadding up, it would make loud noises in the bobbin case area, i knew that was not good!! the top thread will come unthreaded, scrunch and bunch up, and break. it is so new i cant even. i have cleaned and cleaned it. rethreaded it. im doing everything right. i cannot sew more than 12 inches without having to stop and fix a problem.

now reading all the 1 and 2 star reviews i am supper bummed out. there are no repair places near me and the repair places near me. i'll have to call sears and pay out of pocket. this was a gift and now i will have to get all the purchase info from my mil so that i can see about an exchange or something. idk. wish this machine was made better."
Daughter-in-law's BEST gift EVER (her words)!  She was more than thrilled -- and surprised!!
"This is the first sewing machine I've used beyond minor seam repair, so I don't have an extensive frame of reference, but I love this machine.  I've gradually be getting more involved in costuming and recently decided to make a costume entirely myself.  This involved making an entire outfit from scratch and I used this machine for all the sewing and it worked perfectly.  As a beginner, the number of options was a little overwhelming at first, but you can easily start with the most basic functions and only use the more advanced functions as you become more comfortable."
Singer 7258 Stylist Award-Winning 100-Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine is a super sewing machine.  It is everything the item description says.  It is easy to understand it's use and it is lightweight.  I love it and would recommend it to family and friends.
"The bobbin winder on this machine stops the machine and causes an error. In researching the error online; I discovered this is a common issue with the 7256. Singer never returned any of my contact emails, and judging from there support blogs regarding the issue they are either deliberately ignoring the issue or completely clueless.  Some users reported various fixes but none of them resolved my issue.  I should have returned the item to Amazon; I even repackaged it but the holiday's came up and I got side tracked and for the price and the hassle; I'll just use a bobbin winder.
I grew up with big solid Singer sewing machines that even after 40 years still work flawlessly, although without the features of today's machines.  It is sad that Singer isn't the product or the company it once was."
"I had a cheapo machine years ago when I was trying to learn...terrible experience, threw it out.  This one is far superior and easy to use for a beginner like me.  Has all bells and whistles that you need..lots of feet, automatic threading of needle.  I can't say enough good things about it."
"I love it!!! It has a setting to sew buttons on.....I definitely need it as I have a nice wool coat that most of the main buttons have fallen off.

I didn't pay attention to the fact that I was getting a computerized sewing machine, I was just infatuated by all the stitches it can do. I then realized that should the power go out, I would only be able to use the stitch it was last set on, so End of the World, please don't happen any time soon! LOL

That said, I still love it!"
Love this machine! Had a Brother machine first which didn't work from the very first day I got it. This worked from day one and does so many things. I'm so happy with the feet selection it comes with too. Very nice and easy to use machine.
Good value as advertised. Prompt shipping!
Still playing with all the different designs.  This machine does everything!
"Love this sewing machine for the basics.  I usually sew in the winter, and have had no issues.  It's easy to figure out and works great!"
good
Great machine and priced right.  Easy to follow instructions.
Sewibg Machine is smaller then I expected but the delivery was very quick!
This machine is really nice. Very easy to make lots of wonderful stitches to do quilting as well as just plain sewing.  Would recommend it to anyone looking for a new machine.
Love it!
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
"I am loving this machine. It sews like a dream, even on the thinnest fabric. Lots of great stitches. Easy to work with, buy it, you won't be sorry."
awesome
I like this product very attractive . Bye.
"So far, so good. This machine is pretty to look at and has been rather forgiving to a beginner sewer like myself. Has worked perfectly and I honestly have no regrets purchasing it."
"DO NOT BUY! I've had it for over a year and I have an E7 error.  I can't fix the issue because the error is not mentioned in the owner's manual.  I have tried every advice I could find online and nothing works.
Also I do not think this machine is well designed.  The presser foot lifter is on the right side and hard to access.  The automatic needle threader works whenever it wants.  The presser foot keeps falling off it's leg and finally the horizontal spool pin is cheaply made.  I do not understand why this machine has so many good reviews????  It's junk."
goood
"Wife loves it, shes made a ton of stuff using it."
"An okay machine, but not sure I saved any money...Walmart has them for the same price so if your not satisfied, it's easier to return ...just sayin'!"
"My old machine from 21yrs ago died in the middle of making Christmas gifts so I purchased this one to keep my projects going.

Pros:
- I was amazed how quiet it was compared to my old one.
- It handled a thick amount of fabric so easily. The fabric fed right through with me having to coax it along, the foot adjusted to the varying height of the seam with ease (think canvas cotton and fleece layers).

Cons:
- Reverse is annoying. I haven't figured out yet how to fix it but once the button is selected it sews forward on it's own before sewing backwards. Then after pushing the button to turn it off it continues to sew backwards before sewing forward again.
- I can't get the tension right. The top tension is loose and you can't adjust the bobbin tension. Tension is not perfect on the Auto setting but trying to adjust the setting seems useless as well. The manual is of no help.
- I don't like the pressure foot. I guess I am used to my old one that has a slit in the middle where I can see where my seam is going and I can't through the plastic window on the new foot.
- The plastic bobbin lid doesn't seem like it will last long. It's flimsy and I can imagine it the part that holds it in place will break off after too many uses."
I bought this for my daughter.  She loved it
Good machine with lots of helpful features
GOOD
I was only on my second project when this machine broke down. The needle was hitting the plate at the bottom. I had my mother and then mother in law look. At it to make sure it wasn't user error. I am so disappointed!
Very nice Daughter loves it
We are still holding giving this a good review - has some initial issues but resolved them by reading online comments.  So far it is working okay.
Got this for deal of the day on Amazon and I love it.  It's been a few months now and I'm learning to sew and have no complaints about this sewing machine.
Bought as a gift. She was very pleased
Great sewing machine! My wife loves it! Price was cheaper than anybody. Thanks!
Great product!
Just received this sewing machine 7258. 'Extremely disappointed. Right out of the box the foot pedal doesn't work. It worked five minutes then died. The automatic needle threaders is not good either. Followed the diagram but it appears to be out of alignment.  The general purpose foot was so tight it took a great deal of peasre to get it out.  I'm not sure if I should have it exchanged/replaced or get refund. I was looking forward to getting a new machine. I use to do a lot of sewing.  I Have a Singer 348 from 1964. It's finally getting on.  The quality was great.  Still works but is finally aging.
love it
"Not quite used to its features yet but am well pleased with it. I'd recommend it to anyone. Not difficult to use it at all so far. I love it!! JT Laurens, SC.."
"great product, as expected from Singer.  DVD is a bit overwhelming for a beginner but once you get into using the machine you appreciate what it can do.  It really is a exceptional machine even for the beginner, I don't think I will ever need another sewing machine.  Comes with everything you need to get going except thread and fabric.. Very nice item"
"I wish the stitch selection buttons had up/down for each digit instead of just up.  The feed dogs aren't lowerable, instead it requires a darning plate.  Not something I tend to need, but something I noted.  When using the pedal after sewing a few backward stitches it sometimes doesn't kick-in and you have to take your foot off, give it a second, then hit it again, which is sort of annoying.  Other than those few issues, this machine sews wonderfully.  Powers through multiple layers great too... I make kilts and so have occasion to sew upwards of 8 thicknesses of material at times and haven't had it get stuck once.  Smooth, even stitches.  I like that it remembers length/width settings if you switch to another stitch and then back (though only until you power off the machine)."
"Have only used my stylist about a month. At first it was very quiet but now it has a knocking sound that am concerned about.  It works well for straight stitch sewing on regular fabrics.  It does not perform well on heavy fabric sewing.  I have a huge problem when trying to sew more than one layer of bias binding on clothes such as folding end edges  The pressure foot eats the  fabric when I try to sew too close to the end of the garment, especially with multiple layers thus causing bottom bobbin thread bunching.  After discovering the proper needle position for the  needle threader to work it is a great asset.
Am enjoying exploring the various  stitch options.  I rate it possibly a 3 plus .  Amatuer seamstress."
This sewing machine is a dream. It works really well and I'm still trying to figure out all the stitches it can do. I was able to make my grandson a quilt for Christmas!
"was missing some accessories, called to complain. was offered refund, but i didn't want to deal w/shipping item back & waiting for replacement. was offered small partial refund. had to basically beg for a further refund, but it was given.

overall i am happy w/product itself."
Great machine! I am sooo happy with it! Thank you!
This is a piece of junk!  I bought it for my daughter-in-law and didn't try it out for months.  When I did it wouldn't work at all!  I took it to a repair shop I have used before and they refused to work on it at all!  They told me they come in all the time and continue to have problems over and over after they are adjusted.  Wish I had never bought this!
Got this gift for my mother for Christmas. She thinks the machine is run on magic -- it's that good!
My first sewing machine.  Love it!  The variety of stitches is really great.  I haven't even used all of them yet!  It has a very helpful user's manual and DVD included.  Great to learn on.
"sews great as long as you use thin to normal fabric .  It is not a machine meant to sew heavier fabric.  In that case it hits the metal and you have to send it out to ""time it"".  Pretty flimsy in my opinion."
just what she wanted
"I got this sewing machine for Christmas, and I love it. I haven't sewn since my grandmother used to show me how as a small child, and this machine made it very simple. I was making quilted pillows on my first day. The threading directions are printed directly on the machine, so you don't have to keep looking in the book. The various stitches are super simple to access. The feeder does an awesome job at helping you keep straight lines. I appreciate the fact that there is a light over the needle as well. I have a feeling I will be doing a lot of sewing this year."
Great
"Got this sewing machine as a Christmas present from my husband and right out of the box I was getting error message E2.  The manual has absolutely NO troubleshooting, or a table with error messages. You actually couldn't wind the bobbin with thread more than two turns before it would stop running and give you the error code. When you go to Singer's website they list about 10 issues that it COULD be.  After determining it was none of those options we decided to send it back. We also called a local Singer store and the sales lady said she didn't know anything about bobbin issues in particular, but that this model was discontinued 3 years ago for ""unhappy customers"".  Save your money and buy a better machine."
"Love, love love it! I have never sewed before and this machine is wonderful and I have sewn three quilts now. Great fun. Easy to use!"
"Well this machine actually belongs to my 9 year old granddaughter. We have only had it a couple of days and she can handle threading, bobbin winding, and bobbin loading. We have been experimenting, trying out different stitches and fabrics. It's a learning experience for both of us as this is my first experience with an electronic machine and her first experience with any machine. The enclosed DVD is very well done and opened my eyes up to what I don't know about sewing. Now if it passes the durability test, I'll stick with my 5 star rating!"
Present for my daughter-in-law!
"Very disappointed in Singer.  No accessories were included.  I have been trying to reach them since Christmas and finally was able to set up a account a week ago and got an email stating that I  would hear from them in 48 hours unless a holiday.  I get it it past a holiday, but this has been a week.  If people were packaging their machines properly they would not have so many calls to return.  Very disappointed in the lack of service I am getting."
daughter loved it
"I used this machine approximately seven times within the month I bought it, it started making a loud noise while i was sewing, so I returned it."
"I Purchased two of theses machines @ 159.99, I was thinking of another one as a gift, but now suddenly Amazon cranked the price up to 199.99. which is a 25% increase, the same sewing machine it's not improved, needless to say the money hungry Amazon can keep their machine, because this is an entry level machine and there is problem with it !!!!"
EVERYTHING WAS VERY GOOD
Works really well and the instructions are well written.
Seems to be very good now.
"I bought this after searching for best sewing machine for beginners.  Love it!  And was making my first blanket within a short period of time. Setup was detailed and
 easy!"
So easy to use! Love it!!!
This machine is awesome!  Does everything I need for all of my projects.
"Great sewing machine! Easy to follow instructions accompany machine to get you acquainted with the digital interface, if you're used to the old school machine. I have used it for everything from making blankets, to repairing my husbands shirts and even on my yoga leggings when they burst a seam. It comes with great accessories, everything you need to get started!"
Great gift for my daughter
Love it!!!!
"This was the most frustrating sewing machine I have ever used. I'm not sure if the one I got was defective but from the moment it came out of the box, I had error messages. I read online they if you shake the machine, the error message goes away. This worked on day one, then never again. I re-threaded and powered on and off. I did everything the manual suggested. Nothing. Very disappointing."
Was a gift for daughter and she couldn't be happier. She has used it a few times and so far so good.
Does all I hoped for and more!
The instruction book could be easier to follow.
"I like it. powerful and silent.
Only one weakness is speed. It is very slow compare to my previous machine.
However, it is almost perfect for home use.
I'm also satisfied with the price."
"Really enjoy this machine for simple sewing. One drawback: I do a lot of top-stitching design work on small projects and the machine overheats quite often. When I first got the ""E7"" error message, I couldn't find ANY support for this message. I finally took off the ""end cap"" to the machine,  turned it off for awhile, let it ""cool down"" and then was able to proceed. I really don't want to buy another machine for simple embroidery. I like the various styles on THIS machine but not at the expense of not being able to complete my work uninterrupted."
"I received this machine from my mother for Christmas. I was extremely excited to use it! Then very disappointed when the very first use proved unsuccessful. I can't even thread a bobbin, it turns about 3 times then stops and gives an E2 error code. I have seen some other comments on forums saying it's the connection for the pedal not being all the way in which is not the case. I've tried re-threading, double checked all of the manual (which says nothing about error codes) and I was doing everything right. Has anybody experienced this issue and found a resolution before I send it back?"
Exactly what we were wanting!!  Arrived on time!
"A five-star purchase. I bought this sewing machine for my wife. This is her first sewing machine, easy enough for her to learn to use in a few days. Complex enough for her to learn the intricacies of for a long time to come. My wife loves this machine. Totally satisfied with this purchase."
"My husband gave me this as a gift to replace an inexpensive EuroPro. I was ecstatic to get a Singer! Unfortunately, the timing in this machine goes out with very little provocation and I've spent almost more than it cost on repair fees... Not sure on what to replace it with that will be affordable for an intermediate sewer, but getting halfway through a project only to have it start skipping stitches is incredibly frustrating and disheartening."
Happy. Husband got it to plug in right and I figured out the rest. I'm a beginning sewer.. Life gives you good things. Now I have to learn all the feeds so I can play with the dcorative stitches I got It last night and sewing is super smooth! Don't be afraid of automatic! It's awesome!!i wish people will teach the different settings
gift
comes with a  CD to watch so you can get a good idea of how to set up machine and thread needle.  This is a great machine.  I used it to sew patch on a pair of jeans and it did an excellent job thru the heavy material along the rear pocket.  Awesome  I would highly recommend this machine.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. She loves it.
A brand new machine is giving an E4 error which a Singer service center told me it's a defective machine and needs to be returned to the manufacturer.  So disappointed and caused me hassle having to send it back.  Singer needs better QA on their products.
"Bought as a gift for someone that hasn't sewed since Home Ec in high school, so basically a beginner. Within minutes of opening it, she was already sewing things. Started with a few bookmarks and progressed to bags shortly after with plans of making several other items very soon. She even is planning to make a quilt!"
"I purchased the 7258 as a gift for my daughter in December.

I was putting the machine through it's paces with 5 pairs of denim jeans which I was hemming. I hemmed 4 pairs without issue. However, on the 5th pair of jeans, I received a pin prick near my thumb which drew blood. At first i thought that I must of stabbed myself on the many sharp parts near the eye of needle (I was threading the needle at the time). Fair enough, I continued with caution as this was a machine that was new to me.

Then it happened again. I received a much larger cut, 1/4"" which again drew blood and was very similar to a very deep paper cut. Then I saw what was causing the cuts to my hand. It seems that the thread cutting guard broke (see attached pictures) exposing the razor blade. The piece of plastic which covers the blade can easily be broken. I had used the thread cutting features a few times and while using it I thought it was a nice feature. But it is poorly implemented. I'm not sure what caused the guard to break but the machine was not moved nor anything fell or touched the machine. I suspect the fabric got caught on it and snapped it. The plastic is thin and brittle so a thicker fabric could easily get snagged and break the plastic...and you wouldn't know it.

I would consider this a safety issue and a huge design flaw. It can cause bodily injury if you are unaware the guard broke off. Since you have to access the presser foot lever from behind the machine and fiddle with fabric back there, you can easily put a nice long gash on your arm or hand that may require stitches if you brush up on the exposed blade.

If you have this thread cutting tool, please remove it before you or someone using the machine gets hurt.

Removing the blade is easy to do and all that is required is a philips head screwdriver (the one that looks like a.. + ).

Please refer to your owners manual for instructions on how to remove the cover. Once the cover is off, there is one screw that holds the cutter in place. Remove the screw, remove the blade and toss it in the trash!

The machine itself is nice however, I can only give it one star due to the poor design of the thread cutter.

Please watch yourselves!"
My wife loves this machine. She told me that just amazing and you get a lot of machine for the money and it is very easy to learn to use. The instructinn DVD is a real plus.
Wonderful machine. I enjoy using it.
Problem with step before the last--before threading. The light is not sufficient; needs to be brighter.
I bought this sewing machine for my 10 year old granddaughter. She absolutely loves it and its simple enough for her to operate. I strongly recommend it!
We were very happy with the delivery time and quality of the sewing machine.
"Hugely disappointing.  First machine was defective right out of the box.  After three hours on hold with singer customer support, they basically told me in 30 seconds of troubleshooting what I already had found online...that the machine was defective ie would not wind the bobbin.  I returned the unit and have received a replacement.  So far, so good, but I am still skeptical.  Make sure you buy a maintenance plan and keep your paperwork for most likely needed return."
"It's an amazing machine, and very simple to understand!"
My girlfriend loves me.....
Verry good!!
Made her happy!
No way to use all the stiches it has.  Easy to set up and use!!
was a good price
Very nice product for my wife. She loves it.
Great product!
I didn't get the 10 presser feet that were advertised with this machine.
Wife loves it. Lots of features for a small price
Worked for a few days The Top thread tension controller quit working. The thread breaks with pressure foot down. And am returning it.
"So far, so good. My wife loves it to death."
A little rinky dink but it does the job.
"My grandma gave me one of her older sewing machines so I could put together a few crafting projects for Christmas several years ago. I quickly realized that I needed a newer, more versatile machine. I did my research and I bought this Singer Stylist. I am very happy with it. It was easy to set up and use, and at this point I have had it for almost a year. I am still learning how to work this machine but with it I have sewn, embroidered, and quilted. It comes with a lot of accessories like different feet, and some of them I haven't used yet. The I structure manual is very clear but I will say that YouTube videos have also been helpful."
"I don't use it, but my wife does... when she's not making sammiches in the kitchen.  I bought it for the sole purpose of giving my wife the ability to sew my favorite shorts back together, mission accomplished."
All I can tell you is that my wife loves it. Says for the price it is a great machine.
"It was a great machine for the 3 small projects I finished before the motor crapped out. I took it to a professional Singer repair shop and was told that there was no saving it.

They were not large projects. I recommend investing in a Brother instead if you're looking for a cheap computerized sewing machine."
"So, when I 1st took this out of this box I completely panicked because the revelation that I really had NO CLUE what to do hit me.  I thought I was going to have to have a lesson from a woman I know who charges $45 an hour in the house, but then, fortunately she's not available for a couple fo weeks because I began to peruse Youtube and found 2 video's that could help. In fact, thanks to Emily P for providing the #1 best youtube on how to use the auto threader and sweet gentle CraftyAmy for thoroughly teaching me how to use the machine, I'm a pro!  easy as that!!  My Singer 7258 Stylist is my new favorite toy, indeed!!  Well, I needed it to complete a project I created for which my busy fashion designer friend no longer had time to finish.  Now I can finish my power pouches all by myself.  I'm smitten.
the only con is Singer did NOT provide a video demo using THIS machine, so...that kind of irritated me.  but again... thank you youtube friends, craftyamy and emilyp!!"
"I LOVE IT. I never thought I'd enjoy sewing. This machine makes it very easy.
I've never been more than a novice sewer. I can use a sewing machine to hem and make easy things like simple curtains and pillows, stuff like that. I learned how to use a sewing machine in high school. I've always had issues with tension. It's the one thing that has made me dread pulling out the sewing machine. I usually use my mother's big old metal Singer machine if I need to. I don't like how fast it is and I have tension problems with it.

But, this Singer is a dream. It does everything for you including threading the needle. The automatic tension, being able to run it without using the foot pedal, speed adjust, and the needle down features are just what I needed. The decorative stitches are great too. You can adjust each decorative stitch design to be as long or short as you want. I've just spent three days embellishing everything. Sheets, pillowcases, cuffs, collars, tea towels, oven mitts, shower curtains, pajamas....I need to go to the fabric store.

Like I said, I've never liked to sew. At least I've never liked to put much effort into it. This sewing machine practically sews by itself. I'm going to advance with this machine. I'm really enjoying learning new things with it.
This is the perfect sewing machine for beginners AND people who are adept at sewing and on a budget. I would think this machine cost much more if I didn't know any better.
My mother's been sewing forever and she tried it out and loves it too."
"Nice sewing machine. I've had some trouble getting the automatic needle threader to work correctly. Most likely, it's operator error.  This machine was purchased as a gift for my daughter. I just wanted to make sure it worked to my standard before giving as a gift.  Great price."
"OMG...my wife has been thanking me for days.  I should have bought this years ago.  heck, I need to get her another one next year it made her so happy.

my wife is a costume designer for a local theater.  she makes everything from Wizard of Oz outfits to Cinderella."
IT DOES IT JOB AND SINGERS NEVER LET ME DOWN
said came with a video how it worked but the video that came with it was not even for this product. bobbie does not go good. it does not get tight. im not happy with it
"Overall, I have been very happy with this machine.  I should state from the outset that I primarily use the machine for small quilts as well as a few bags.  If you're doing a different kind of sewing, my review might not be helpful.

Pros:
1.) Very solidly built
2.) Easy to thread the machine (especially compared to my mother's 70s singer!)
3.) Auto-tension works very well most of the time
4.) Lots of features, like needle down and speed adjustment
5.) More stitches than you will ever need
6.) Quick and easy to adjust stitch length
7.) Comes with lots of useful feet, like a darning foot for free-motion quilting
8.) Has free-arm useful for bags & sleeves

Cons:
1.) Struggles a bit with lots of fabric layers.  I've noticed this when binding a quilt when going over seams.  That can mean 5 layers of fabric plus batting, so quite a lot.  In this situation, the machine doesn't feed the fabric well.  I'm not sure if other machines would do better or not.
2.) Small arm - 5.5 inches.  If you're interested in quilting, this is a problem.  It's manageable for crib quilts, but when I finally upgrade to a more expensive machine, this will definitely be the reason.

I've pieced extensively with this machine.  I typically operate it at max speed, and it hums along and sews a very nice quarter inch seam with my quarter inch foot with very little guidance.  I also have had reasonable luck doing free motion quilting.  When I use higher loft batting, like wool, I have to adjust the tension, and have had some tension issues if I move too fast.  Overall, though, I've been pleased with its performance.

I bought this machine as an absolute beginner, having sewed more than a decade before on a 25-year-old singer.  In my opinion, this machine has all the capability a beginner needs.  The bottom line is that I've been using it two years now, and I find it a joy to use.  I've had great pleasure learning to quilt and make other small items for my daughter.  If you're a beginner, you want to find a machine that will allow you to find pleasure in sewing and not hold you back.  I think this machine meets those requirements.

In the sewing community, I think there is a certain amount of brand snobbery, and Singer is not well thought of these days.  Many will advise you to buy from a dealer rather than online.  It may very well make sense to buy a Bernina from a dealer once you've figured out this is a hobby that you want to stick with, but this machine gives you a low-frustration platform to explore sewing as a hobby without laying out too much cash."
Feed dogs stopped working after 1 week of using the sewing machine. Worked great at first.
I've used the product about 5 times and now I'm having issues with it. It cannot straight stitch any more. It gathers the fabric and begins to do a small zig-zag stitch. Its past the return period and now I have to send it to singer to get it fixed at my own expense. I'm very disappointed with Singer. I thought it was a reliable brand
"Great value for money.  The machine does everything I want and is so easy to use.  I especially love the needle-up/down function.  I use it in 'up' mode which is great for the kind of repairs that I bought the machine for.  The choice of stitching modes is wonderful and the styles are really cool/fun.  I'm sure the embroidery sewing people will love them and to be honest I want to use them but have no reason to !!  Very fancy :-)

So here's the but ....  when spooling a bobbin (black cotton) I noticed at the end of the spooling that the little plastic peg that is used to automatically stop the spooling was wearing off on the black cotton.  Basically the cotton was scraping away the automatic 'stop spool' peg.  This is shoddy and realistically there should be a metal cover to stop this.  I guess that's why this machine is cheaper than others.  All plastic = fast wearing.  This is preventable by just stopping short manually and removing the bobbin.  Or maybe I'll have to add a metal cover to the little peg !! It's not a show stopper and shouldn't stop you from considering this machine.

I would realistically give this machine 4.5 stars but Amazon doesn't have that rating !!  Value for money is great.

[1-month later]
I have really got to appreciate the subtleties that are designed into this machine and they are wonderful.  I've actually gone through quite a few repairs of clothes now and it performs excellently.  I use the needle-down mode more than I thought I would and it is a great way to stop you dropping stitches.  The results look very professional !!

I've also done work on some light leather and the machine is perfectly capable however I don't think the motor will hold out long for this kind of work continuously.  It's not industrial spec so I don't expect to use it for this very often.  More as a test in this example.  I've used heavy needles (#18) with bonded nylon thread for leather work and it has no problems.

I've used this machine a lot on Denim and it seems to have no issues going through 3 layers.  I've had to use the hand-wheel on 4 layer Flat Felled Seams but this is because I want to make sure the stitch is even, hence me going slow.  I believe it would easily penetrate the 4 layers. Here I've been using a #16 needle and denim thread.

Value = 4.8 stars now IMO.

[21 Jan 2015] I re-rated to 5 stars since that's closer to 4.8.  I've made a shirt from scratch since my Denim work above.  The machine is a great little workhorse and sews through thick fabric (4 layers) well.  I can hear the motor forcing the needle through on slow stitch mode and it does it well.  Love the needle down function.  I've not had any issues with jamming or having to set thread tension.  I wish the hole in the middle were bigger for feeding material through but I guess that's why you go to an industrial spec machine!!  I've used a lot of the presser feet and they have all worked well. I've also used a hem & cut foot for doing fake serging and that has worked very well too.  Very impressed !!  Stitches are balanced, equally spaced and look good.  Very professional finish (which I don't deserve!!).

I would say you need to be gentle with the machine and let it feed the material.  Don't force it or it will pucker (but I'm guessing that's just good sewing discipline anyway!!).  Also make sure you use the correct needle for the thickness of material and thread type.  I used a #16 needle for the thicker material was sewing."
perfect
I am a beginner and this machine is exactly what I needed. It is a great beginner machine that can grow with you!!
GRATE
"I've been using this machine for a few months now.  It's my first sewing machine, though I've used many others in the past (including a Bernina, an antique Singer, and a few more that I don't remember the brand on).  I've made several pairs of pajama pants, several odd shaped pillows, a pea-coat, a Christmas tree skirt and several girls skirts.  It's super simple to use and is quite basic.  It makes a great machine for a novice.  I love all the extra pressure feet and all of the stitches.  Sewing on buttons is a breeze!  The automatic button hole maker is awesome.  I love the instruction booklet - it explains all of the stitches individually!  This thing has a stretch stitch to use on Jersey!  Although, I really do love my new sewing machine, I didn't give it 5 stars for 1 simple reason - it's loud!  This thing is clunky and noisy.  Otherwise I love it.  I've tried a few things to reduce the noise - sewing machine oil, helps a little.... so does placing the machine on a pad."
"Thank you so much for making this 1/2 price so that I could afford it and my husband would let me get it.  I wasn't able to use my old Singer machine, there isn't anything wrong with it except I have MS and can't always use my feet or hands, with my new machine I don't have to use the foot pedal and I can change the speeds these are all things that are really important to me.  I've always wanted one with embroidery and quilting stitches so those are a plus, so thank you for a good price now I just have to find some electric scissors at a really good price."
"I used it right out of the box. I had the pleasure of learning on a Singer. It was my Grandma's treadle machine from the turn of the last century. I used later models, of course, and they are all the same, which is excellent! Please never change your standards of high quality and ease of use."
Love Singer sewing machines and love the computerized stitches!
"Sewing is so cool.
A good product for various sewing. I like that."
"Takes a while to get used to but is excellent when it comes to simple sewing, correcting or mending."
Purchase as a gift for my wife and she loves it.
"I bought the machine long time ago but didn't give it a try until last month...somehow the needle didn't pick up the bobbin thread and when it stitches it makes very loud noise and the fabric would be jammed. Did anyone have the same problem? Anyway to fix it? )Since it's no longer eligible for return, I have to fix it on my own.) Many thanks!"
"Got the dreaded C4 error 6 weeks in. Timing was off so that needle hit the bobbin case. Also, lots of bits were of cheap plastic that were already chipping. No internal memory to remember which of the three stitch settings you had.  Top cannot swing open so you have to totally rethread each time. Don't waste your money."
"Love Singer, good deal!~"
"the stitch tension does not operate at all.  I have tried multiple settings. The machine has made my projects look awful with overtight threads, especially my roman shades. The buttonholer does not work either. I am very disappointed."
"bought for my wife, is everything and more she wanted does everything and does it  well"
"It is a gift, so it hasn't been used yet, but looks like it will be very easy to use."
I bought this for my 16 year old daughter as her second machine. She loves it. It is user friendly and does a wonderful job. It arrived a day early!
"Sewing machine came quicker than expected and it has worked amazingly, lots of stitching to choose from and I love the stretch stitch options"
Love everything about this product.
love it
"What happened to the Singer Company.  I thought when I bought my new Singer 5500/5400 (Sew Mate), giving up my old Kenmore, I would have a fantastic machine.  Boy, was I wrong.  After hemming a couple pairs of pants, my machine started jumping stitches, breaking thread and needles.  I tried to contact the Singer company finding there were no repairmen in West Virginia and getting more agitated by the minute.  I have never had to pay someone to do my sewing.  I finally got a number from Sears saying they would repair Singer machines, but I would have to take it to a sears store, leave it for a repairman to pick up, repair and return to the store, which is 45 min. from my house and then pick it up.  This machine was purchased from Walmart in Sept. and is still under warranty, which was filled out when It was purchased.  WHAT IS THE PROBLEM????  I am irate and dissatisified with this machine.  Let me know what to do????"
"I just purchased a third Singer 7258 Stylist, the first I bought for myself last year, the other two will be Christmas gifts for my daughter-in-law and granddaughter. I think they will love it, too."
Love this machine. Last sewing machine I bought was 20 years ago. I was so amazed at how easy the decorative stitches were to use. The only down side was the area to the right of the needle is a little tight. But I'm getting used to it.
"I have not started using this yet as I am going to have to sit down and take time to learn about it and also have the time to sew. I am looking forward to using this as it looks very easy for a beginner, which I am beginning again after the new year starts!"
My wife is a beginner and she loves it!
I've been using this sewing machine for a few months now and absolutely love it. I had never used a sewing machine and learned with this one pretty quickly. I don't know what took me so long to order this!
Nice machine and easy to use.  Would recommend.
"I'm thinking of sending it back.  It's plastic.  I've found someone to fix my 43 year old Viking that's all metal and solid as a tank.
I know this is not a high end machine but it's really Cheepo made. It's a hassle to change the feet. The button sewing is a pain. The light is way to dim and I spent fifteen minutes trying to rig up another light so I could see what I was doing.  I tried to make myself like it.  The needle threader and the bobbin winder worked fine. It was easy to set it up.  I'm too old to buy a $1,000 machine when none of the kids sew and all I do is repairs,hemming, buttons, and light alterations. I'm hoping mine can be fixed, it's the second repair since 1973."
"I am only giving 2 stars, b/c they shipped it in its retail box.  NO protective box.  It appears to be intact, but a Christmas surprise has been ruined."
So far it ;is all they said it is......very happy with it.
haven't used it yet daughter has one and I love it.
none
"The machine is ok, however it does not work well on heavy materials. It would be find on just piecing. I love my grandma's 1950's Singer Slant-o-matic 403a much better."
good maching
I had the machine over a year now. No problems yet.
I love this machine.  It works miracles.  It does a lot more than I ever thought it would.  And so easy to thread.  And threading the bobbin is so quick and easy.  What a great purchase I made.
"Bought this for my wife.  She wanted a simple machine, not something fancy.  I bought this one as it's not the bottom of the line, but not complex.  Shockingly good value.  The price was good and the quality, features, etc. have been excellent.  We'd buy it again!"
"This one was to replace one just like it that I bought five years ago.  With heavy use, it held up well.  Hems jeans!"
I've been using this machine for two years & I'm impressed with how easily it sews all types of fabric. I never have any bunching or thread building up on the under side. I had all these problems with my 30 year old machine. Now I'm sold on the new & modern computerized awesomeness!
I'm familiar with Singer quality and wasn't disappointed with the sewing machine.  Item arrived promptly and in good condition.  I worked for 4-5 hours putting quilt pieces together with the machine and did not have to re-thread one time.  Wonderful item.
"I researched sewing machines since it had been a while since my last purchase 25 years ago.  I am amazed at the options and the pricing of machines today.  This machine would have cost thousands of dollars years ago, but it has become affordable today without taking away the durability and accessories this machine offers.  I received the machine in mint condition and on time from Amazon.  I took the time to review the manual and watch the DVD - a suggestion from another review for this machine.  It was well worth it as I too learned a few things!  I tested my machine thoroughly prior to writing this review.  The variety of stitches are wonderful and I am excited and eager to begin some new projects that I could not do with my older machine.  I have had great success with Singer machines in the past - as did my mother who made all of her childrens' clothing with a Singer!

My last machine was a White - worked well but was very basic.  Before I purchased this machine I was torn between this and a Brother Project Runway.  I opted for this machine because the outer shell of the machine is made from metal not plastic.  Even though it makes the machine a couple of pounds heavier, I feel there is less chance of damage if the machine should be put in harms way versus a plastic shell.

I would recommend this machine and I will update my review as I begin to sew some projects!"
"It would not stop sewing.  Once you touched the peddle, it would just sew and not stop unless you unplugged it.  The  peddle would not speed up or slow it down the machine. BUT, the stitch looked good AND it fed good!  Just would not stop!  I sent it back."
"I bought this for my daughter-in-law who is just learning to sew. She's quickly becoming a pro due to its ease of operation. The instructions that accompany the machine make it easy for even a novice, and it is quiet and does its job efficiently."
This would've been 5 stars but I have a couple missing pieces from it. Otherwise it works splendidly.
Very affordable - perfect for a second machine that is portable.  Delivery was very prompt.
good!!!
All went as expected. The package arrived on time and the device is great!
thank you
This sewing machine is the best!  It is so easy to use and sews flawlessly!  I highly recommend it!
"I really love my sewing machine.  It's not designed for heavy materials, but does everything I ask of it."
"So far so good, only complaint is the foot? doesn't lift high enough for thicker garments. Just needed something basic for stitching and sewing some random stuff. Does the job."
Fantastic sewing machine.
"I love my new Singer 7258.  It has all the electronic features it promises.  Lightweight, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, 100 different stitches.  Awesome machine.  I love the needle position button and the way it ties off ends.  So easy to use, even for beginners.  Some needles are a bit particular with the automatic threader, but it does work with the Singer needles.  Having a l of fun sewing!"
Great deal for the price.
"Help I bought this machine two years ago, I only use it on last December, since I work seeing for Christmas decorations, last year I used it and was working perfectly, and I stored  it until yesterday, but it doesn't work it shows C4 I have already chequed the thread in the bobbin and turned off, unplugged it, but it still shows C4, is there anything I can do??"
"I had my first singer machine for 42 years.  They make a wonderful product.
The new style machine is so easy to us.  I love it."
"Great machine!!! Daughter bought her one, this is her machine to make her ""first quilt "" with!! I'm very happy with mine going on now for 3 years."
I am very pleased with the ease of using this sewing machine.  I used it to sew a dress for my daughter and it was a breeze. I couldn't be happier!  It comes with several feet for button holes and so.  Also has more bobbin spools.  It has a lot of stitches that I will never use in my lifetime but nice to know if I need them they are there.
Great machine!
"The first two months with this machine were great but then I got to month 3. Some reviews call them birds nests but that's way too polite. My problems started with the understitching bunching up when did a decorative stitch. Some locked the machine up so badly that I had to remove the bobbin plate and cut the fabric the had wound around it. After a short time I started to have the same problem with simple straight stitches. (maybe I should mention that I have been sewing, and threading machines for 50 years.) I must have tried threading he machine but nothing helped. Contrary to some long-distance diagnoses, IT WAS NOT USER ERROR! I took the machine to a repair shop and learned that the internal tension plates had slipped, broken, or whatever they do. It would cost $100 to repair it. If I used the warranty I would have had to pack up the macinine and ship it across the state. North Carolina only has 1 authorized warranty in the state. I figured if something as basic as the tension plates gave after 2 months, something else would go a couple of months later. I bought a new, non-Singer, more expensive machine."
"Great Machine, I've taken it through the paces of some thick jean/Canvas, and silky satin, works very well overall with no issues, and I have been through my fair share of sewing machines, would definitely recommend!"
I'm a beginner. I really like this sewing machine. Easy to use and so far has worked as it should.
"My wife loves it. Old Singer had to be put away. She is getting used to the technology on the new machine. My impression?
Designed and built well. Solid (heavy) because the gears and important operating parts are metal not nylon or plastic. Good investment."
Piece of junk. The tension went all out of whack after 3 uses. Now I have to figure out how to fix the problem. Not worth the money. Look elsewhere!
I love my sewing machine when it's working but I've only had it for 6 months and the foot pedal is already broken. My last brother sewing machine from Walmart lasted longer. And it was half the price of this one.
"Great machine, I bought it for my wife for Christmas, now my grand daughter wants to learn on it and make dresses."
"So far I like the sewing machine just fine.  I have not had a chance to use it much yet.  The manual that comes with it is very good and easy to understand and it has a lot of extra stitches available without the complication and expense of cams.  I think that if you are not into decorative stitching, the machine stitches available would be adequate."
Beats my brother sewing machine over and over again. I can not remember which one I had but it almost made me give up on learning.  This one makes it so easy to want to try new things.
I love my new machine. The first thing I had to do was shorten some jeans.  It went right over the thick seams (something my old machine never did.)  I am not a seamstress but this is so much fun that I am making aprons for gifts. The Fashion Mate is smooth and easy to use.  I do not need an expensive heavy duty machine so this is perfect for me.
Great sewing machine. My daughter and son were using this machine within minutes of opening the box. Very easy to understand instructions and the self threading needle is awesome. A good machine for beginners as well as the more experienced.
Excellent machine!  I love it!
I bought this machine as a second machine to my more expensive Brother.  This machine performs just as well with basic sewing as the more expensive one. For the money it was a great buy. I take this machine to a church quilting circle and it gets lots of use. The case I bought was also great for the money.
Awesome
Good!!!
Good
Great product and fast shipping.
singer 7258 is a great sewing machine more then .It's very easy to use.
"I was pretty disappointed in this machine. I have had a Singer as my machine for-ever, I inherited the one my mom received when she got married in 1972 and it just conked out this past summer so I have felt an affinity and perceived quality in the name.
I think as with most things profits became the driving factor for most manufacturers. The machine is a comfortable weight but feels cramped with hardly any room for the fabric to pass on the right it gets scrunched and caught easily.
Coming from a purely mechanical sewing machine to a computerized wonder, the stich selections is GREAT! so easy to choose what you want and adjustments are easy peasy.
The self threading needle seems un-necessary and the mechanism gets in the way but I could deal with that. I could not deal with the thread constantly un threading itself from the needle mid stitch, over, and over, and over again. Probably 15 times in 1.5hours of sewing. Called the singer support line with a book in hand to wait for a human, only about 15 min, YAY. But she was not able to find a solution to the runaway thread issue we made adjustments but always the same results. I also feel that a better cover than a tarp cover should be included.

Returned and bought a Brother."
"This machine is wonderful. It is so easy to work with. I had a very old machine before, and I never realised how easy and smooth sewing could be. Now it is a joy to sew, not a chore. I am very happy that I chose this machine."
I Love this Machine so much to still learn but it does everything I need for it  to sew projects on !! I am going to enjoy using my new Machine and the company was fast and effecient on shipping everything was in tack!! perfect little machine for beginners !!
"I'm a sewing novice, although I've sewn lotsa doll bedding for the 18"" doll beds I build.  I'm loving this machine.  Prior to this I was using an older Brother model bought from our church's rummage sale.  It did the job, but the fact I can adjust the speed alone is wonderful.  I do have issues with trying to use the gadget to thread it.  It's a lot easier to do it the old fashioned way, IMO, unless I'm missing something!  Can't wait to get more advanced and use some of the bells and whistles!"
The DVD was defective and could not be used.
"Sooooo....I'm finally writing after using the machine for almost 6 months.  I have to say I love it!!!  For a beginner, it's really easy to use.  Threading is pretty simple.  Has tons of different stitching options (although I mainly use the straight stitch) to choose from and comes with a lot of accessories and presser feet.
The only issue I had was with the needle threader doodad....I can never get it to work and I actually think I broke it.  It's actually quicker and easier just to thread it by hand.
Before this machine, I used a Babylock.  It was a bit too pricey for me, so I went with this one after reading the reviews.  For a pretty inexpensive machine, I actually like it better than the Babylock.  You will not be disappointed."
"This is a great sewing machine.  I'm still getting use to it, especially that anchor switch.  I only did a couple of projects.  Comparing this machine to the Singer Merritt 9614, my new sewing machine is much quieter.  I like the many stiches that I can select electronically.  I've made corsets, leg bands, adjusting hems, attaching patches, repairing holes on denim.  Its a great machine and easy to use."
"I have, as yet, to use this machine as I am in the process of arranging a sewing room.  But I am looking forward to the experience."
Have not used it yet but can't use my feet so it will replace the kenmore one I have now that I am still using.  This machine has a button that you push with your finger instead of your feet!  Great product!
very good!
"I love this SInger as much as I do all my other singers!!!!!!!!
Great features, clear instructions, love it love it"
I have had this for over a year and have never gotten it to work correctly. It does not even make a straight stitch correctly even though I have tried changing the tension multiple times. I have spent hours trying to figure it out. This was a frustrating waste of money for me.
Great sewing machine!
to hard to to use and understand u have to be an expert sewer and i am a beginner
"I don't quite trust this machine. Other reviewers and question-answerers have said it's not heavy-duty enough to sew denim, and unless Singer has changed its manufacturing process, its gears are not metal, so I am hesitant about seeing just how strong it is.  No doubt a major part of my hesitancy stems from the fact that the first Singer 7256 I got didn't work at all, and I live where there are no reasonably nearby (i.e., within 100 miles) repair places.  In fact, I am dismayed that there's no Singer repair center anywhere in Oregon!

If I could wipe my mind free of ""where can I get it fixed if...?"" and ""what if it dies as the last one did even before I got it?"" I'd probably be very happy with the way this machine works.  I've sewn through several layers of fabric with no problems, and I really like its steady, even stitching.  Once I get accustomed to it and develop more confidence in it (I had a New Home--all metal gears--workhorse for 25 years) I think this machine will handle everything I need to do.  I don't sew horse blankets anymore, so I'm hopeful.
_________________________

[2 months later:]  If the first 7256 machine I got had worked the way my present one does, I'd give it 5 stars.  I've been using it for shortening denim jeans, adding pockets, making several dog ""coats,"" making buttonholes, inserting zippers, etc., and it has exceeded my expectations.  I'm very happy with it."
"My wife is mostly happy with her new machine. She says it doesn't have all the stitches her old Brother had and it doesn't back-stitch on some of the fancy stitches. The ""cruise control"" sewing is a handy feature. We also had a problem with the needle threader. It looks like a piece of the plastic broke and now when you pull it down to thread the needle you have to be real careful or it comes off.

(She sewed the dress with the new sewing machine and her good ole Baby Lock serger)."
"Why do they make everything Plastic? The bobbin keeps jumping and popping, to sew is a fight. I loved the singer I bought in the seventies worked like a dream, I am so disappointed with this one."
Best machine I've ever had! The features are diverse and easy to use. It's so quiet! No complaints about this product at all! It's been non stop sewing since I got it!
Excelent
"I never had a chance to use it.  From the time I received it and tried winding the bobbin it never worked.  I kept getting an error of E2, and there wasn't anything in the book about this error.  I went on line and tried everything people suggested.  Still nothing, so I finally took their advice and sent it back."
"i love this machin. ive always had trouble with setting the correct tension and now i don't have to worry about that, the drop in bobbin is a breeze. i don't have a lot of room to sew so i often use the button control for sewing rather than the pedal. its so flexible i love it soo much! great for beginners and seamstresses alike"
a giuft for daughter in law.  she loves it.
"After years of using a very basic Singer machine, this was the perfect next step for me.  I love this machine!  So many fun features to play around with!"
Up and running in no time out of the box.  Bobbin winding was no problem but it is manual not self winding.  Stiches are easy to program with push of button and I love the button for back spacing to sink the ending thread.  Happy so far no glitches.
"I had held off buying a new machine because I didn't want to learn how to operate a new one.  Then my 30 yr old machine failed right before a wedding I was sewing for and I had no choice.  I bought this machine based on it's Consumer Digest rating.  I couldn't be happier.  It was very easy to adjust to, using the CD and instructions furnished.  I have no regrets about purchasing this machine, and was so happy I could get it through Amazon at a great price!"
"Haven't made anything with it yet. Owned if for several weeks but have practiced with the different stitches and learned how to thread it. Much lighter and has many wonderful features than my old machine which also is a Singer made around circa 1900's and with the Singer quality and that one too is still running! Love this machine, I know that when I want or need to sew something it will be a pleasure to use. Highly recommend to beginners and advanced sewers!"
REALLY GREAT MACHINE SO FAR. . I ORDERED A BROTHERS AND HAD TO SEND IT BACK. I REPLACED IT WITH SINGER AND LOVE IT. I HAVE BEEN SEWING MY WHOLE LIFE AND THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE TOP 10 MACHINES ON HAVE USED. I WAS SURPRISED BECAUSE IT WASN'T VERY EXPENSIVE.
"Like so many others who have left reviews, I bought this machine to replace an older one, and I chose this particular machine because of the good reviews.  I wanted a machine with components that were durable and would last with a lot of use.  I mostly only sew cotton quilting projects, so I don't have any heavy demands for a machine, other than reliability and durability.  I've used this machine for about 10 months now, and can honestly say I've grown to absolutely despise it.  The faults of this model have already been well-covered by other reviews:

- no control for the bobbin tension and terrible tension performance (and yes, the thread is properly threaded)
- terrible tension means all the fancy stitches are useless because they don't stitch properly
- the bobbin winding seldom works, (and I definitely have the proper type of bobbin) so I often have to use my old machine or hand-load the bobbin
- when the thread jams (and it does often) I can't turn the hand wheel to loosen it out, I have to unscrew the needle plate to go in and unjam the thread

When the machine works well, I would give it maybe 4 stars, but it so often will suddenly stop working properly, right in the middle of a length of stitching, that I have decided to violently destroy this machine once I have saved and invested in a useable one.  I made some mistakes and have gained some wisdom from this experience.  My wisdom says:

Only buy a machine from an actual store, where you can take it for proper instruction, repair and advice.  I have learned my lesson.  Don't mess with an online purchase because it simply isn't worth it.
-"
"I bought this machine 3 years ago and it has been nothing more than a headache! About a month ago it burned up! The motor. From the start, the first 3 to 4 projects it was great, then it started! Tension was setting right, bobbin get binding up, kept locking up on me. No matter what I did nothing worked. Unlike the older machines you cant work on it yourself. I use to maintain my own machines. the last time I tried to use it for very small project, nope turned it on and got her ready to go and I pressed on the foot and EWWWW! Whats that smell! Yup, burned up, now it won't do anything. Never will I buy another Singer. On the Singer sight itself there are lots of complaints about this machine. I have been sewing for 40 years, they just don't make machines like they use to. So buy this at your own risk. Dont expect to much, cause with in 3 years it will be dead."
I've had my machine for nearly a year now.  I love it.  I just started sewing again after many years.  This is the perfect machine for me.  I'm still exploring all of the features but have been able to do everything that I've wanted to do so far.
"This machine is simple, yet versatile, spouse loves it."
Great Product!
My wife loves her new sewing machine
"Considering it came without it's electric cord and I need the use of it today, it is non functional and useless. Really? No electric cord?"
"Once you get informed of the new features, sewing is not only a pleasure but a breeze!"
"Wonderful product for the price. I purchased it for my daughter; and, she loves it."
"Great price!  Hopefully it will prove to be ""just"" the machine for my hobby."
Love this  I'm just a beginner in sewing so I can't give much review but I have been able to do the basics and I love this machine!
"Don't currently know how to use the machine, just bought it to learn how to sew,especially to start quilting."
"Great quality, 100% recommended! I love it =)"
"love the machine! easy to operate, great instructions with machine!"
I am more than glad..
Very pleased with everything.
"I absolutely love my new Singer 7258! I had spent quite a bit of time reviewing consumer reports, reviews, and consulting with a friend of mine who is a seamstress before I chose to order this machine. I watched my mom sew for years, but have only tried my hand a couple of times at sewing. My last machine (a shark) was very difficult to operate based on the instruction manual provided and the bobbin would never stay in. It would pop out every time you tried to draw the thread up to sew. I even had my friend attempt to figure it out. We came to conclusion that I just needed a new machine and I am so glad I chose this one!

I give the instruction manual 4 stars only because it did not say what kind of presser foot was pre-installed on the machine. It had about 9 or 10 others all depicted in the manual and listed their purpose, but not the one on the machine. It turns out it was a zig-zag footer.

The machine itself is easy to operate and intuitive to use. I am currently enjoying the automatic tension and stitch length feature as I am building my skills. It does have a manual override if you choose, but for now the automatic settings are perfect on the cotton quilters fabric I'm using. The machine is so quiet I am able to sew in the living room with my family as they watch TV and I have not had requests from my husband to go elsewhere during his football game! Although it does get a little bit louder the faster you set the feed, it is not significant enough to have to turn the volume up on the TV to compensate. AMAZING! no longer am I banished to another room if I want to work on a project."
"I have only 1 issue with this machine, the thread , as your sewing has a tendency  to knot up. My sister and I purchased this same machine at the same time. after telling her this was happening when sewing several layers of material at once, she said she was having the same problem. it jumps and knots up causing us to rip out the whole row( quilting) and resew it. Hence the 3 stars."
"This is my first sewing machine and so far I'm very happy with my purchase. It has a DVD that really helps with understanding everything you can do with your machine (which is a lot!) so I recommend watching that first if you are a beginner like me. It also has a lot of different parts to switch out for different sewing techniques which is so great! It has a nice bright light, and diagrams of how to thread the machine. For the price, and everything you get on this machine, I am thrilled and have been using it to make multiple things!! As I said before, I have never used a machine and my first time using it I sewed a baby gift in one hour! **Side Note- Plug it into a surge protector if it's going to always stay plugged in somewhere. This is just like a mini computer, and if a big storm came through you would hate to have it blow out!! Very happy with purchase! :)"
what I expected
I've had this machine for a little over a year.  I'm learning to quilt and had no sewing experience. I've completed 6 quilts and am happy to tell you that this machine has been great! It came with lots of extras and the only thing I had to order was a walking foot.  I've really enjoyed using it and am hoping to have a few more years of great sewing out of it before even considering going to a more advanced machine. Completely worth the money!
good product
It works!
"It took me a year to open this because I moved a few times, but I am thrilled that I did. What a fabulous purchase. Easy to thread and follow instructions. I am so excited to get to know this machine!"
a gift
"Very nice machine.  It's replacing a 53 year old Kenmore machine.
I like this singer (7258) because by just pushing a button you can have the needle stop out of the fabric or in the fabric.
I called the Singer Company to find out which machines had the ability to stop with the needle in the fabric
and the person on the line was very helpful and gave me a list of machines that would do so.  Wonder if this machine
with run in perfect condition for 53 years?"
Very nice.  Directions easy to follow.
great item
"I would say that this is a fair machine to purchase. Overall it is a good quality machine that has many really great features, however the main reason I only gave it 3 stars is because I was surprised that the machine did not perform even as well as my supposedly lesser-quality machines that I have worked with. I think that those who have already become accustomed to solid sewing machines with good features will not be nearly as impressed with this machine.

In summary, the machine does have great features and works well overall, however it is NOT a very sturdy machine. I do not feel that the mechanics were solid, and in particular it has tension issues and struggles with heavier fabrics or when you need to sew multiple layers at the same time. For those planning to buy it, just be sure to note that this machine is MUCH more delicate than you would think from the long list of features and its high ratings. As well, the design of the machine was not as convenient as I would have liked.

I encountered several problems and disadvantages of the machine from the first day that I opened the box and I continue to have minor-to-serious problems until today.

I'll start with the most serious problems:
Firstly, it does not sew completely straight on the straight stitch setting and I believe this is because the stitch width cannot be turned to 0. On any mechanical sewing machine, you must adjust the stitch width to be 0 on the straight stitch setting to ensure nice stitching. However the computerized screen does not allow you to lower the width to 0 on the straight stitch setting (the lowest it will go is 0.5). Anyway, I find it extraordinarily difficult to sew perfect, gradually-disappearing darts with this machine because of its lack of precision.

Second is regarding thicker fabrics. At first this machine could sew fine with a few layers (I was sewing with about 6 layers of thin cotton). However, if the layers were anything but cotton (synthetic leather, denim or even just thick polyester fabric) the machine would continuously jam or lose thread tension.

The third problem was the tension. The tension dial would cease to function properly sometimes and I would have to recalibrate the machine by turning it off and on and re-threading it from scratch over and over.

Fourth, the machine has had some concerning problems which I have yet to even figure out the source of. The very first day I used it I was sewing normally with simple cotton fabric when the machine suddenly stopped and jammed for no reason. It then started making a strange clicking sound whenever I was sewing, when before (for the first 20 minutes I got to use it problem-free) it was almost noiseless. After opening the thing up and checking everything, I still cannot figure out what in the hell caused that sound. Eventually it disappeared, but occasionally it starts making other rather disconcerting noises that make me think there's something wrong with it.

For the less serious problems:
The design of the machine makes the user experience a bit frustrating. The needle threader does not come down smoothly and jams unless the needle is in a certain position.

Second, the little compartment inside the machine is a bit annoying because you have to remove the whole thing in order to open it. In ,y previous machine, you simply flipped up the top to open it without having to take the whole thing out.

Third, occasionally when I start a seam, even after I lower the needle to the point at which I want it to start, the machine might jump over half a centimeter to one side because for some reason it was not centered to begin with). Very annoying.

Then there's the very dim light bulb (you can't use it by itself), the lack of a hard protective case (you gotta pay extra for that).

Lastly, I have yet to discover the source of this issue, but the machine emits a strange smell when I use it for very fast stitching. This might be because it is not well-oiled when it comes out of the factory, but even after oiling, this problem has persisted.

All this was extremely disappointing because just before purchasing the Singer Fashion Mate I had been using a Kenmore by Sears, which any Singer machine should surpass. My Kenmore did not have a single (and I mean not a single) issue for the 3 years I used it (very heavily too, on extremely thick layers or for long periods without rest). In the end I had to give it away because I moved to another continent and could not take it with me, so I thought I would treat myself to a Singer, but unfortunately this machine did not perform nearly as well as my 'crappy' kenmore."
"I purchased this after my brand-new Brother had issues with the bobbin. I bought it for $345 at Joanne's out of desperation, but it has surprised me and yes, I can even say I love it. I've never had bobbin issues. It has an amazing auto threader - no more licking and poking through impossible needles! I love the well lit area, the happy colors, the various stitches, widths, and lengths, and...it's just super easy to use! I can't believe sewing was this much fun and easy. I'm hooked and I've put off buying a bernina until down the road....or, maybe never."
"I finally upgraded from the POS that I bought at a garage sale.  It is night and day compared to this machine.  Out of the box, the CD is great, I watched it all the way through.  A few good tips in there.  The manual is easy and walks you through common stitches and which foot to use.  I hemmed some curtains and a pair of my husbands slacks with the invisible hem foot.  Can't wait for my next project.  Love this machine and all it's features."
Have not used it a lot yet but what i have done with it i am very happy with. Very quiet running in comparison with my old Kenmore machine which I was satisfied with too. Looking forward to using and enjoying this machine just as much if not more.
"Did not like this machine at all. Singer used to be ""the"" sewing machine to buy for the average sewer. I was lured by the different stitches. Don't be. The machine is light-weight and poorly made. It will walk all over your sewing surface if you try to sew fast, 75% of the stitches are different sizes of the same stitch. I don't know anyone who would be able to make use of all the stitches. I was very disappointed in this machine and returned it. I bought a Janome instead. Spent a little more money, but it was worth it."
"I haven't owned it for long, but I can tell this is a great machine no matter how much or how little you know about sewing.  Watch the DVD, read the instruction booklet and you will be just fine.  I highly urge you to read the book since this is a computer machine and may be very different than you are used to."
"I have not had a lot of luck with this machine. The thread keeps getting wrapped around the needle arm and causing it to seize. I have to disassemble the unit several time to clear the jammed thread. The auto-threader doesn't work and it's very difficult to keep the fabric feeding straight into the machine. In addition, the pedal stops working and has to be completely released and pushed a few times before the unit starts working again.

Unfortunately, most of these problems appeared after my 30day return window so I have to deal with warranty support that is 30 miles away."
What a great sewing machine for the money. this sewing machine is fantastic. I am a beginner and the machine is very user friendly and so easy to use. Great price
"Very nice machine.  A little difficult to figure out the tension control, but otherwise very easy to operate."
wife likes it
"Very nice, easy to use."
Quiet and almost idiot proof!
"I haven't had a chance to sew an article yet, but it certainly looks worth it!"
Great price and machine
So far so good! Easy to use and I'm a beginner. Well built.
"I feel like I died and went to sewing heaven! I'm not a beginner. This machine is effortless. Read a lot of reviews about the E message error. Hope I don't get it but it's obvious anything not done setting up correctly like threading, bobbin placement, is going to trip it off. Any stitch I would ever want. Forgot how beautiful and smooth a Singer sews."
"This Singer is a great machine, especially at the price."
Great machine loads of extras.
I bought this sewing machine for my daughter and it works flawlessly.  You cannot beat this machine's value when comparing price to product.
"Not, (so not!) impressed with this machine. Don't waste your money, not a quality machine. I'm donating it, otherwise, I would trash it. I started having problems with the foot pedal so quickly. I had already swapped the first machine I got, as it was defective. The closest service for the problem was several states away, I would have had to pack it up and ship it to them and pay for return shipping on my dime for a warranty item! So not worth it. If you think about buying this machine, be sure you know where the service would take place, shipping is expensive and it has to be packed well."
"I have actually only used it once so far to make a baby blanket for an expected great granddaughter but it worked great! I tried two of the decorative stitches to top stitch the blanket and two matching burb cloths; it was easy. This replaced a 50-year-old Singer Golden Touch and Sew (still worked fine so passed it on to a granddaughter). The biggest transition issues have been figuring the thread path for bobbin both winding and seating - my problem as the directions are clear - and remembering that the presser foot lever is to the right of the needle and not in the back of the needle. Old habits die hard. I am looking forward to fun projects as I get to know the machine better; it probably deserves a five but I haven't used it enough yet for that.
Note: I ordered the carrying case but sent it back as I don't think it is needed. The machine has a handle on top and fits easier in my linen closet without it."
I love my new machine.  It was a birthday present.  It's so quiet.  I love the fact that I can sew without the foot pedal because of arthritis in my legs and feet AND the needle threader - I am in heaven.  This is the best birthday gift ever.  Thanks Mom.
"Defective right out of the box.  Kept flashing E4 and the needle would not reset.  Called Singer Consumer Affairs and they had me try several things but could not get it to reset.  Received it and returned it, all in about 2 hours time."
"Bought as a replacement sewing machine and have come to use it more than I expected.
It has lots of features worth using.  I recommend it."
A++++++++++++
Good buy indeed!
Great machine.  Great price.  Easy to learn and use
Easy to use and runs like a champ!
Works great.
Still a beginner but I love this machine.
"I bought this machine for my wife last Christmas.  She and her mother always sewed a lot and always had Singer machines.  Her last machine finally wore out after about 30 years.

The machine died last week after 8 months, the touchscreen refuses to light up and the machine won't do anything.  My wife emailed Singer and got a totally indifferent reply from them.  Essentially it said that she could only get it fixed by mailing or taking it to a repair center (nearest is 4 hours away), and if she did anything else the warranty wouldn't be honored.  No apology for the problem, no expression of sympathy, just an email saying this is your only option, sucks to be you.

She also took the machine around to local shops and offered to pay to get it fixed, their answer was sorry, but Singer makes it impossible to get parts, we can't help.

Bottom line for us is that we will buy a Brother machine and never go near Singer again.  Shame to see a good company fall so far!"
"love, love, love this machine, it really is smooth and easy to use"
"Great sewing machine, Love that I can embroider all my Montral Canadiens logo on my hockey equipment and clothing."
Have only used it with one stitch so far.  Tried to get to another one but it wasn't intuitive.  Turned it off and reset it.  May have to watch the DVD and read the rest of the manual.
"Bad experience with this one.  Received early March, 2014.  I bought this as a back up machine.  I sew every day for my online business.  My Pfaff machine which I'd used for over  30 years broke down and the required part for repair is no longer available.  So I purchased this Singer to get me through until I select another machine - some kind of commercial or heavy duty model.  I've struggled to produce professional looking results with this machine as the stitches are not consistent, the machine tends to have a bounce when operated at high speeds (necessary when sewing for a business) and the top stitching is not pretty.  That said, I've been able to adjust techniques to the ability of the machine stalling the inevitability of a big ticket purchase.  About a month ago the machine jammed up and would not sew at all.  I finally opened the machine on the side and found that the lever connected to the part that moves the needle up and down was completely covered in tightly wound thread.  There were a few broken thread ends hanging off the lever, so I painstakingly used a tweezers and unwound the thread (hours of work) and removed all threads and the machine worked again.  Today it jammed again.  I removed the cover and was stunned to see a coil of thread about 1/4 inch thick wound around the lever in the same place and when I attempted to grab a loose end of thread, the lever popped off making thread removal very easy.  However, I can't get the lever back on to where it needs to be, so I'll have to make a trip to the repair shop and hope for the best.  The main question is, ""Why is the thread collecting there?""  Of course, the date for return to Amazon has passed (30 days).  I had this machine for 5 months.  My former machine for over 30 years!  This machine might be okay for a beginning or occasional sewer, but the inability of this machine to produce a consistent beautiful stitch, sew through thicker layers, and perform smoothly with no jams should be considered by a careful shopper."
At a discounted price this machine was perfect. It hold up well for new to intermediate people. Though I would not use heavy fabrics in the machine b/c I can hear it strain with anything more then say three layers of cotton fabric.
Great machine very user friendly. CD was great help. Wife loves it.
"Got for my daughter, she loves it. Easy to use."
"I couldn't wait get my new singer machine, it arrived in no time I was happy to use my new sewing machine specially how is tagged with best sewing machine!  I should of jus kept my old singer had it for 12 years and never had to buy neddles used the same ones that came with it for years and this machine it keeps breaking them no matter what fabric I use. So disappointed and not enough space under foot it's hard to work with very small space between. I'm very disappointed."
"JUST LOVE MY SINGER AND SO DOES HUSBAND WHAT MAKES ME HAPPY MAKE HIM HAPPY.  SINGER ALWAYS MAKES A GREAT  MACHINE, IT WAS A LITTLE CONFUSING AT FIRST BUT JUST READ THE DIRECTIONS."
"Great product,easy to use.  My daughter loves it"
I like this machine but it has on flaw that I wish I had paid attention to the base from the needle to the wall is to short. If you have anything bulky to sew you have trouble getting it through ......its fine for light weight sewing....... I love the auto thread .It really works great...........the stitches are perfect......I have been sewing for years and years so I know sewing machines. This is my second Singer and its a pretty good little machine . I just wish I had paid attention to this one thing. So just be aware of that .......
"A good value for an affordable sewing machine that has some nice features for a beginning/intermediate level sewer.  I especially like the convenience of being able to control the speed and the up/down needle positions.  I retired an older machine that worked well for years but didn't have a lot of extra features so feel like this is a  welcome upgrade.  If you have never used a sewing machine, the generic instructions on the DVD might not be a sufficient intro to sewing."
I use everyday.
I don't have alot of sewing experience but this machine makes me feel like a professional tailor compared to my mom's 1958 singer. I don't have a single complaint yet.
i got this machine for my mom. she loves sewing and has had a lot of other machines too in the past. but she absolutely loves this one.
"Did not meet my expectations at all, I was sold a broken and inoperable sewing machine ,which was why I had to send it back and all my project was suspended."
"it is a good machine, but doing the stitches is a little bit slow."
"The machine stitch very slow, too slow."
"Very disappointed.  The ""automatic needle threader is NOT automatic; by the time you thread the contraption you could have threaded the needle manually twice.  The bobbin is a top LOADING drop in, NOT top winding; you still have to wind the normal way which can and does sometimes wind around the holder underneath.

If you want to sew a bunch of fancy stitches this might be for you as it is supposed to have hundreds of them.  I wouldn't know because I spent so many hours just trying to figure the threader and the bobbin."
It works well.  It's a little flimsy but an excellent buy for the money.
"Opened the box, took out machine, followed the quick start instructions, manually threaded it, filled the bobbin and inserted it, started sewing. No bobbin problems, haven't tried the automatic threader, but all else smooth. Quiet and smooth, able to begin projects same day. Even after reading some scary reviews, no problems at all. Love this machine"
"Was missing Parts, working with company to correct"
Had one and my daughter took it so I bought another as this is the best machine I have ever owned!
"Wow, last time I used a sewing machine was about 30 years ago! Can do a lot with it once I learn how. Now just using straight stitch. Only problem is trying to work the auto threader. Follow directions but still can't get it to work."
"Still early, but I'm enjoying sewing again. Time will tell if I live up to the machine."
I am a beginner in sewing and I have this machine for over 6 months. Easy to use and I love the beautiful stiches!
nice machine for the money
Had some problems with the bobbin on the embroidery but used a different backing.
"I decided to purchase this as my first sewing machine about a year ago and I could not be more happy with it. It was great for me to learn to sew on but has also been perfect as my sewing skills have grown. The programed stitches are great and I have loved using them on some of my projects. Overall, there isn't anything I would change about this machine."
"I got this yesterday and LOVED it! Picked up a dress pattern for my daughter and cloth and got started right away. I loved the different stitches and with the manual and google (because I am new to sewing beyond a patch and didn't understand turns and parts) I was able to really take it and run! Halfway through I got the dreaded C4 error code. This says something about a jam or tangle blocking but mine would give me C4 non stop anytime I would press the peddle. It wouldn't even let me wind up another bobbin. I aimlessly searched online for any comments or solutions and found nothing good or suggestions that I had already tried. This morning I called Singer and was helped right away. They talked me through the troubleshooting and it was unsuccessful (they were really kind and helpful). They recommended sending for a replacement and said it was an electrical problem and possibly even from not using a surge protecter. Apparently the machine is VERY sensitive and other appliances in your house could affect or hurt the electrical components. I wish this have been written in the instructions! It wouldn't have taken much for me to move one from other areas of my house :( I am hoping this was the problem and I will not have any issues with my replacement. I really loved it while it worked! Amazon was very great letting me get a replacement, Singer helpline was very pleasant, and as long as my next one stays working well past 24 hours I will be very happy and gladly change my rating."
"Arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Have used it several times with no issues and I love my new sewing machine. It's much quieter than my previous sewing machines and has enough options to keep me happy. Since the frame is metal it does not vibrate on the table as does my other machine. My eyesight is poor and having the automatic threader is great.
We went into a fabric craft store and saw the same machine for twice the costs and laughed. It was well worth the money."
"This sewing machine is fantastic. Very easy to use and provides professional results. I'm still learning all the different stitches, but this is a great investment if you have a lot of clothing to alter, or even sew professionally."
Great starter machine. I don't have to use the presser foot and it has so many stitches. It's not good for thick materials and I have had it repaired about 3 times now in the 2 years that I have had it but as a beginner sewer I would say I definitely got my monies worth out of this thing.
Awesome
"It is amazing,ship is very fast,and it is so nice,I like it!"
I love this machine. It's excellent for beginners.
I have been using my machine now for a while and it is great. I have had no probrems with it. I have sinnger for years and still great
Excellent
"This is a very nice machine for occasional sewing. I mostly alter and repair.
Pros: It's easy to thread and adjust. It comes with excellent documentation, which I really appreciated because I hadn't had a sewing machine in years. I bought a case for it as well, which I recommend if, like me, you don't use a machine a lot. There's lots of decorative stitches and they all work.
Cons:It is a bit fiddly to get the bobbin thread ""picked up"" by the needle in order to start sewing and the pressure foot lift is in a very awkward place (you have to put your hand through the arm to lift it). It struggles with thick layers like pant seams. And, like most appliances these days, the cord is too short! But, if you don't need to sew canvas or a lot of stretch garments, it will do the job for you."
I'me really enjoying it.
Very good sewing machine and quick shipping.
Excellent machine. Easy to use. Hard to thread for us old folks.
Mine had upper pressure problem. I was issued an instant refund.
Very straightforward machine. Threading is slightly difficult through the top metal arm that does up and down. The hole is hard to access. Machine is very nice.
"I loved this little machine.  Has a lot of neat decorative stitches.  It ran just fine.  But I do want to say that the needle threading gadget is a piece of junk.  In. Addition to the fact that it really was almost impossible to use successfully, the little piece that was supposed to do the job fell off -- twice.  The second time into the open bobbin case and we had to take that apart to get out.  @$?;#.  I decided to just thread the needle the old fashioned way which still works believe it or not..  However,  if you want a machine that really DOES thread reliably AND easily, get a Brother.  It's amazing, honestly.  I bought one soon thereafter, and I can't say enough kind things about  it."
LOVE IT!!!
amazing machine even for a novice like me.  I have been actively sewing clothes for my granddaugther and have had no problems at all.  I highly recommend it.
Love the machine so far. Sews through leather like butter. Used it to sew patches on my husbands Leather Vest.
"Love my Singer.  I purchased a cheaper model and it was awful.  But, this one is amazing.  I am very happy, especially for the price!"
Fancy machine. This is the only one you will ever need
"Update less than one year later.  I am lowering the rating from five starts to one star.  The machine no longer works.  I will have to travel an hour to the nearest authorized service center to get it repaired, because Amazon only accepts returns for this product for 30 days.  Pretty lousy.

I love this machine!  The manual is clear.  The multiple presser feet greatly simplify tasks.  The variable speed settings are invaluable.  I haven't been able to get the self-threading mechanism to work, but that is my only complaint and is very minor."
"I was glad to get this machine, it is perfect for my needs.  I would definitely recommend it."
It was exactly as described.
Received quickly and I am enjoying it thoroughly.
piece of garbage - broke after 1 month and 3 uses.  no longer locks stitch from below.  an expensive paperweight- beware!
Awesome Machine. Simply the best. Such a great price we got two. Probably never will need the second one.
I haven't sewn in awhile so I was nervous about starting up again. This machine makes it easy and fun!
"I was so happy when the machine arrived and after 1 month of using it, it stopped working with an error code of E4. I did contact CS and they gave me instructions that did not help. Now I have to ship the machine out of state to get it fixed on my dime. Not cool!!"
love this wish i k new how to sew
"Great machine, lots of patterns and accessories but easy enough to use. Love it"
"While I have not been able to sew as much on my new Stylist as I would like because of shoulder surgery, I love this sewing machine.  For a compact machine, it feels very sturdy and is a snap to set up and start sewing with.  The only negative is that it does not have letters programmed like my previous Singer, but otherwise, it's about perfect.  The instruction manual is comprehensive, has lots of extras, and seems to sew well on any fabric."
Great buy best I already fixed a bunch of cloths with it. It pays for itself. Stitches are flawless and easy to use. For beginners and also experienced sewers
"So happy I purchased the Singer 7258. I've never sewn anything before and just by watching a few videos online, I've already been able to do many projects! I only wish I bought this machine sooner."
"I've had a myriad of sewing machines through the years. This one is pretty much what I would expect for the price. Great stitches- very straight and strong. My only issues are:
1) the bobbin is extremely sensitive when threading it. Any jolt while sewing can dislodge the thread from the exact position it needs to be in to sew properly.
2) the reverse sewing button gets stuck ALL of the time. That creates an error message and also doesn't allow you to keep sewing. pretty annoying when you're in the groove.

Otherwise, it's great. The variety of stitches all work and I've used it to sew many fabrics, both heavy and light."
"She was bored out of her mind until this gem arrived.  I studied the reviews, did comparisons for about 2 weeks & I'm glad I did.  It arrived on April 22, 2014 and she loves it!  She loves all the features.  Especially, the fact that it threads itself, that you can see how much thread is left on the bobbin and the nice bright light illuminating the work area.  She's purchased all sorts of accessories, including a special ""quilting peddle"" or something to that effect that she was babbling about recently. -So far she has created about 15 toddler outfits, a stuffed giraffe to match one of those outfits, 2 quilts and 10+ scarf / bandanas for her beloved Shih Tzu."
made my first dress with this sewing machine.  It really looks nice.  This is my first time using a pattern.  I usually sew by guessing.
"This machine worked wonderfully for about 6 months, Loved it. Then the bobbin case kept popping out and getting mangled. Next the zig zag stitch is skipping, next the button hole feature wouldn't finish button hole & last the hand wheel pulled forward and was rubbing against the case . Very sensitive to types of bobbins. Doesn't like sewing over 2 pieces of light weight fabric or trim. Makes horrible sound when attempted this .Tried calling Singer but was on hold for 30 minutes and telling me there's 3 callers ahead of me. Took to repair shop and waiting for call back to see if problems under warranty....."
"I love this machine, I love all of the features. Easy to use and set up. Comes with an instructional dvd which is helpful and kept my 3 year old entertained for a while. The price was good too, 100$  cheaper getting it through amazon and it also had Prime."
"Sewing machine is horrible. The petal no longer works after 4 months of use. When my peddle is plugged in it is disengaged from the machine, the machine does not recognize that the peddle is plugged in. His is very inconvenient, stressful and beyond irritating.  Now I have to use the automatic see button. I will be purchasing all Brother products from this point out"
"This was a gift for a friend who has been sewing for over 50 years, and she absolutely LOVES it!  She does alterations, as well as making clothes, quilts, blankets, etc, and she says this is the easiest sewing machine she has ever used. Period.

Her favorite machine previously was a 1970's model Singer Athena 2000 (I think). She said she loved her Athena so much, she was determined to never give it up, so she had it serviced and repaired many times over the years. When it bit the dust for the final time, she tried several different replacements, but had finally resigned herself to never finding a machine she liked as well...that is, until I found this Singer 7258 Stylist. Once again, she's fallen in love with a sewing machine! She is currently making children's clothes, and is really enjoying the decorative stitches already programmed into the machine. She has commented numerous times about the beautiful buttonholes the machine makes automatically, as well as these decorative stitches

As I said, she's a very experienced seamstress, but she is not very computer savvy. However, she seems to be having no trouble at all figuring out the machine's features. She has had only one complaint - about using the machine's automatic needle threading mechanism (with her poor eyesight).  But she insists that's a minor issue, and I think she has worked it out.  I made it clear to her that we could do an exchange for a different sewing machine if there was anything she didn't like about this one, but after using it for weeks, she still insists she has never had a sewing machine as great as this.

Huge win!"
"I purchased this machine in December, a Christmas gift to myself.  I used it on a few projects until April when it quit working.  My husband called the 800 number and I was told it had to be sent to an authorized dealer, I was able to take it to one nearby.  He called me once and told me that it needs a new motor and I have been waiting ever since....first I was told the end of May now it's the end of June....I am very frustrated."
"If you're looking for an entry-level computerized sewing machine, this is the one to pick. Compared to similar sewing machines, such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-8763-Curvy/dp/B0027DLWS2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 8763 Curvy</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7467S-Confidence/dp/B004DMVQR2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7467S Confidence</a>, you get more features for less money. You can't argue with that!

Prior to this, I had a very basic (mechanical) Brother sewing machine. When it broke, I bought the Singer Stylist to replace it. I used the Stylist for a little over two years, and even allowed my students to sew with it. On four separate occasions, I had my students go out and buy this exact sewing machine after trying mine! What they most appreciate is the fact that, unlike a traditional mechanical machine, when you put your foot on the pedal, it does NOT zoom away. Rather, it starts slowly and steadily, so you have full control over your sewing. It also has a speed control, which means you can set it so that no matter how hard you stomp on the foot pedal, it will not speed up. This is great for beginners who aren't confident or skilled enough to sew at high speeds.

Here are some of its best features:

* Speed Control
* Auto Needle Up/Down
* Top Drop-In Bobbin
* Automatic Tension Control
* Auto Needle-Threader
* 100 Stitches
* One-Step Buttonholes
* 10 Presser Feet, including an Overlock Foot

There are a couple of downsides to this machine. First, the zigzag stitch isn't all it's cracked up to be. Much of the time, zigzagging will pull the fabric, creating an ugly tunnel effect. You can avoid this by using stabilizer under your fabric, or by reducing the stitch width. Either way, it's inconvenient.

Second, when you backstitch, you have to be aware that it will continue to go forward one stitch, before starting to go backwards. And when you stop backstitching and want to sew forwards again, it will do the same thing, going backwards one stitch, before resuming its normal forward motion. It's a minor quibble, but it does mean you have to learn to compensate for it. For example, when you reach the end of your seam, don't sew right up to the edge, because when you backstitch, it will sew off the edge of the fabric before going backwards. Instead, you have to stop one stitch length from the end, leaving room for that extra stitch.

My other complaint is that this sewing machine simply doesn't last very long. After two years, I started having trouble with skipped stitches and loose tension. I took it into the repair shop and they said the timing was off and it would cost $100 to fix. Reluctantly, I let them fix it, but shortly afterwards, it started making a really annoying squeaking sound as it sewed. I oiled it regularly, so that wasn't the problem. And since I had only paid $150 for this sewing machine in the first place, it really wasn't worth paying another $100 to have them repair it. I bought a new sewing machine instead, upgrading to a much nicer model.

Despite these flaws, I'm giving this sewing machine four stars, mainly because it's a great entry-level machine. Hopefully, by the time it dies, you'll be ready to upgrade to something a bit fancier! Recommended for anyone who is new to sewing, but who wants something a little nicer. If you're an experienced dressmaker, you'll probably want something with more features, such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-9985-Quantum-Stylist-TOUCH/dp/B00FV8PZFQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 9985 Quantum Stylist TOUCH</a>."
"I've had a singer sewing machine for over 30 years and it was getting hard to find needles for it, so I decided to purchase this machine. I felt if my last Singer machine lasted as long as it did, this machine would too for my retirement years to make fun things for the grandkids. I use it on top of my previous Singer machine cabinet."
"I have never used a sewing machine in my life, but once I learned how to load the bobbin, I was good to go.  The machine is so quiet and actually pretty simple to use. I let one of my more experienced friends use it and now she wants me to sell it to her....NO WAY!!"
I love it!  It sews so smoothly and my stitches are great. I like all the features. It's a very quiet machine as well. Highly recommend!
"Love this machine, easy to use works great.
Haven't sewed in years, now I cant stop. no problem with it right out of the box."
I've already used it way over a hundred hrs.  probably closer to 200 and it still works wonderfully. I just need  the akphabet.
"Great machine.  Wish it had an automatic drop in bobbin winding system with out having to take the bobbin out and rethread the machine like singer athena model is equipped with.  Love the auto. Tension feature.  Very nice value @
$299.00."
"It's a great machine, very easy to use. Better than a lot of the other options available out there. I would highly recomend this machine to others."
I bought this sewing machine for my daughter-in-law and was impressed by its features.  It has all the bells and whistles of a high end machine at a fraction of the cost.  It is perfect for beginners or anyone who needs a light weight machine that can do it all!
"All I see here are reviews for the 7258!  These are NOT the same machine - for example 7258 will operate w/o a foot pedal and 7256 will not.  Foot pedal that comes with it is cheap and unreliable, but I can't find alternatives or replacements.  For a part that's REQUIRED for machine operation, you'd think they might tell you the part number - or maybe provide upgrades?  I don't know...  I've been sewing in reverse only by holding the reverse button because I can't find a higher quality replacement pedal for 7256 -  I really don't care how much people love their 7258.  Not the product I'm looking for reviews about!"
"I've sewn before, but I was never particularly skilled & it was a long time ago.  This machine has been perfect for me to begin sewing again.  You can start sewing as soon as you have it threaded (I used youtube videos to help augment the factory instructions the first time around), and learn to use some of the more advanced functions later.  My 10-year-old son is also able to use the machine with supervision, and he made a WWE wrestling costume!"
"I bought this as a gift for someone who needed a sewing machine.  I haven't personally tried it.  But, the person loves it.  So, I bought a second one for another person who needed a sewing machine.  Both ladies are very happy."
Machine worked for 2 months?!?!?!!? Completely failed electronic system error ------ COST MORE TO FIX than when purchased?!?!?!? They did not stand behind their product!
"As a beginner, I have found the machine to be fairly simple to use. Online videos have helped in some places where I didn't have enough knowledge to translate the manual. Lots of very cool features (many I will probably never use) and a ton of stitches for nearly every purpose."
"The clear plastic bobbing cover is too fragile even if you are super gentle with it, it still breaks. The little plastic ""tooth"" on the side of the cover which helps to hold it in place very thing and it looks like it got very flimsy over time and chipped. Machine does not work w/ out the cover.
I called Singer customer service they insisted that this is the first time they hear a complaint about this, also they said it should work w/ out the cover and it is not. They referred me to other company to order replacement part. I insisted, they told me that they will make an exception and will send it to me only once, and if it is breaks again I will need to order from their nominated supplier. Other than that the machine works great, however, I think it will make a huge difference if the company will pay more attention to the quality of some parts of the machine, and customer's comments. This way the product will fit with the company's name, know us producer of reliable, well made and quality product."
"This has not yet been delivered.  It's a Christmas gift, so we won't know what it's like for quite some time.  Check back with me in January."
"Love it! Chose it after checking several others. Had everything I wanted, plus I trust the brand. Price was unbeatable , free shipping and handling and delivered right to my door. Can't beat that!"
I purchased this Singer after learning to sew on and exclusively using my aunt's practically antique machine. This machine is simple to use and has every function a basic sewer needs!
"it's really good and i like it, i will pay more attention to this shop, everything runs well, hope this one helps"
Easy to set up and to use so far.  I have only ever had vintage machines and mondern machines scared me some but thisachine is super easy to use
"I am a complete newbie when it comes to sewing--I've only sewed by hand, and I'm not very good.

This was a fantastic birthday present from my hubs (I asked for it!!), since I was working on some waterproof seat covers for my kids' chairs!  Directions were super easy to follow, and I even used the button hole maker on my first day of sewing!

Can't wait to work on more projects!!"
"This really is a great sewing machine.  Lots of fun, strong, and gets through multiple layers of fabric.  Having said that I've hesitated to write a review hoping things will get easier.  Who the heck makes you unscrew the metal plate to take apart the bobbin casing for cleaning and unclogging?  My old machine just allowed me to open a little door that was on hinges.  This just doesn't make sense and I am having to go through this each time there is a jam.  I had no problems at all during the 30 day free return period.  Since then I've been so frustrated.  I do NOT recommend this machine.  In fact I would visit sewing centers and actually look at the machines before purchasing one on Amazon."
"i started sewing little over a year ago. i have already made several dresses, skirts, skirts and other garments with this machine."
"DO NOT BUY. This machine worked one time and then the E4 error message came up. This is not in the manuals and it is not on the website. My wife contacted Singer by phone at 2:27 pm. She was on hold over 30 minutes as number 17. Only 2 calls were taken after 30 minutes.  So it would take about 4 hours more on hold to talk to someone. However they cut off the calls at 4 pm so she could not get through. So we sent repeated emails to Singer for service.and there is no response. At the very least this is grossly  inadequate warranty service.  Now Amazon says we are out of the window for a return. So since we sought warranty service and there is no response it is now too late?  I have never before been dissatisfied with any seller or with Amazon and have many purchases. But it only takes one time to feel ""ripped off""! Do not buy a Singer product and expect the Warranty service!"
"So this machine stopped working the computer part would not do stiches. I ordered this for my grandmother who is our go to sower. She used sowing machine booklet and contacted the repair person they recommended, this was in the beginning of match, she has not received her machi9ne back yet and has an extremely difficult time getting ahold of the company who is always closed until Monday. This product turned out to be poor and the service is the same. Still no sowing machine and it's the beginning of may!"
"Excelent product, great features! All you need in one machine! It is perfect for cool details and personal touches in every creation."
"Novice Friendly machine. Sews beautiful. The only problem I had was the bobbin thread bunching when starting up, but that was all me. Auto threader feature is nice and worked well. I used it to repair a quilt and a add velcro to a dog jacket. Tested out many of the fancy stitches and they all worked fine. The light on it could be a little brighter."
I absolutely love this sewing machine. Since it is metal is seems more like the older models. It runs very smoothly and is so easy to operate. It has so many stitches to choose from
i bought it for a gift. it wrks grt. i think i made a grt buy. it was for my mother but.. . but now i want one lol.
"I purchased this sewing machine based on price and features and am very happy with the machine. It is very easy to use even for complete beginners. It includes an optional foot pedal and a reverse stitching button (WONDERFUL!). Also, it included an instructional DVD, but since it did not work I cannot comment on it. There is an instruction manual included that provides instructions in multiple languages. I would definitely buy this machine again!"
I have sewn practically all of my life on Singer machines and never had the problems that I have had with this machine. I bought it about a year ago to do minor and decorative work on occasion. I have used it a total of two times since I purchased it and it already has an issue that I am going to have to take to a repair shop. This is ridiculous! I knew I should have bought the Brother machine.
I bought this machine for the value and wide choice of stitch styles. I also wanted a second machine that I can take to a class that isn't as large and heavy as my Viking. I would recommend it as a primary or secondary machine.
Recommend this because it has very good features.  Easy directions for sewing.  Excellent variety of stitches. Will enjoy using this.
"I got this as a gift for my mother since her machine was over 20yrs old and in need of replacement. She loved it! She loves all of the stitching option and the features that make traveling easy. She can now take it with her to sew things for others without always having to have them come to her place because her old machine was too heavy to travel. Note that the accessories for the machine are in the travel compartment on the base of the machine near the foot, as my mom was unaware of this travel feature and thought the box was missing pieces. Very happy with this!"
"I am thrilled with my new machine.  The fact that I can set the pace (speed) at which I am sewing is wonderful.  I am not an avid sewer; mediocre at best, but this machine is serving me well.  The only complaint is the so called 1/4 inch foot.  I used to have a Brother and the 1/4"" foot they supplied was a true 1/4"" not one where you have to keep your eye on a notch instead of the edge.  Anyway, that is something that can be overcome and with the other features such as selecting needle up or down is also great.  Time will tell on longevity seeing as though it is electronic and I am from the old school."
"I had an old singer for 40 years and it still ran great, but limited. This new singer had exactly what I needed to do extra stiches for decorative touches to costumes. I do suggest going through the manual to help in understanding all the features. The threading is easy, the bobbin threader is simple to use and quick. I like seeing the bobbin through the top plate so I know when I am getting close to running out of thread. I would recommend this machine and I am anxious to read more on all the options it has available!"
"love this, using this machine makes people think I know what I am doing. Easy to use and has some very lovely stitches."
"I bought this sewing after reading so many good reviews about it. After this machine arrived to me, I have found it easy to work with. It is a well built product and comes with some extra goodies like bobbins, needles  etc. So far, I'm enjoying this machine. I will update my reviews as I get to use this machine more over the time."
"I ordered this machine in Dec. 2013 for my daughter, as a gift for her birthday now in April.  Never took it out of the box till now, April. I had no idea the thing wouldn't work or I would have tried it out right away.  Soooooooo disappointing.  The machines foot pedal, that is plugged in (like computerized) does not work at all.  So, unless I use the stop/start button, I can't sew with this machine.  What a rip-off.  So, now I can't give it to my daughter.....I can't return it to Amazon because it's too late.  I can't the machine isn't guaranteed to work or I can return it.  I know it's my fault for not tearing the box open immediately, but do most people open pkgs. that are presents before given as a gift.  I guess I learned my lesson....don't order if not opening immediately...I still think I should be able to return it. I really want the machine...I would like to just exchange it but I guess I can't even do that....cause it's toooooo late!!!! Bummer and out $200.00."
"Just took up sewing and I LOVE this machine. Very easy instructions and videos came with it. I had never threaded a maching before and it was easy. I LOVE the automatic needle threader since my eyesight is not great. The only thing that was alittle hard to adjust to was the LED light is not as bright as a regular light bulb, but so minor to this awesome machine"
I love this machine.  It was easy to get started.  I like the backup stitch.  It runs so much quieter than my old Singer.  I am making a rag quilt and it sews over several thicknesses like a breeze.  I would recommend this machine.
It is so easy to operate and has so many options at a really affordable price.  It has helped me make sewing my new hobby.
"Be sure to buy this from a place that will take it back -- Amazon is always good!  But alas, Singer is not.  I will never buy another Singer machine.  The parts crumble."
"it works great, i recomedd buying this product defenatly. for good purposes of course i am a newby and thanks to God[the LORD of the Sabbath/Saturday]. yeap"
It is so nice to have a machine that works.  It has done what i needed.  I can finally get some mending done!!!
"Finally learned how to sew! Very easy to use and great for a beginner. It seems to be very durable and has lots of features (no idea how to use them yet, but I'm learning)."
"This is a good Machine for light sewing and beginners, light and portable easy to use. I love it.
Thank you."
"i was scared to buy this for my wife, since there were many bad reviews of it. the machine works perfect, really glad we got it"
"This is my second sewing machine ever and I absolutely love it. The machine is very easy to thread, guide and use. The digital display is great for letting you know what kind of stitch your making. The machine is not too bulky and you really cant go wrong with singer product for the price. I have literally dropped my sewing machine and it has held up great. I use mines for crafts on a monthly basis, so it gets a good amount of use. I have had it for over a year and it is working just like day 1."
"I have an old (sturdy) singer and after having tried a brother out not too long ago, I was apprehensive about getting a new machine.  I don't have as many choices now, due to shipping options, so I went with this one (I actually got one of the amazon warehouse deals- perfect)...  For the price, I think this is a great beginner to advanced machine.  I'm missing my serger and old singer and this one has enough stitches to help with that.  I haven't used the button hole feature yet, but looking forward to it!  The stitching is quite smooth and seemed to handle a heavy duty job as well as my older one (I mean sewing through several thicknesses of heavy military fabric).  To start, I still had to push it through, but once it got going, the feeders seemed to do the job quite well.  I didn't have any issues that others have had with the thread bunching- I will report back if I do.  I have to admit- I LOVE the automatic needle threading!

UPDATE:  So, I did get the thread bunching, and at least in my case, figured it out-  It wasn't the machine, it was the plastic bobbin- the bobbins, in some cases, have little plastic 'nubs' on them from their manufacturing.  The nub was catching the thread and causing bunching.  Thank goodness for the clear bobbin case cover, so I was able to diagnose this fairly quickly.  I took a sharp knife and cut the little piece of plastic off of the bobbin and no problems since!  Still 5 stars.  I love the little decorative stitches that I've had a chance to play with.

Also, the button hole function is great!!!

My only small wish-  I wish I could even make it go faster!  My old singer (from the 80's) goes just a little faster and I'm missing that."
"Easy to use. Lots of creative stiches available.
Comes with great instructions if it's been a while since you have sewed anything."
"I have only had this machine for a couple weeks, but I LOVE it.  I am a beginner (I have sewed a few projects on my mom's very old Singer), and I was really worried that I would have issues and have no clue how to solve them.  The only problem I have had to date so far (and the reason for the 4 star instead of 5) was some bunching/tension issues when I was sewing a knit (yes, I was using the stretch stitch).  even after re-threading, reloading the bobbin and messing with the tension knob, it still bunched.  I then gave up on that fabric (I was having all sorts of issues with it anyway), used a different knit and had absolutely no problems.

I love that I don't need to use the pedal (the start/stop button is so convenient!).  Threading the machine and loading the bobbin were much easier than I expected.  I love this machine and have been sewing like crazy since I got it (1 skirt, 1 shirt, 2 scarves, and a blanket).  I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this machine."
"This is a nice machine with plenty of stitch options.  The bobbin gears are made of nylon/plastic instead of metal.  I recently tried sewing some thick material (putting s strap back on to a backpack) and the bobbin gear jumped a tooth, causing the needle to hit the bobbin casing as it entered the housing.  I was able to fix it and it's working fine again.  I can't complain being we got it for a great price."
"This is the BEST sewing machine! Love how easy it is to use, and newbie friendly! I've already made numerous things for my niece :)"
"Recently retired and thought that I'd try making some window treatments, etc. I received this machine as a Christmas gift to replace a very old machine which I was using. So far, I have made a number of items with it - tension is always perfect, no broken threads and the easy stitch selection is awesome! The foot controller is lighter than on my old machine and slides around on the tile floor, but a minor issue to me."
"I purchased this machine 10 months ago. It was working fine and then out of nowhere it started jamming and the bobbin case would pop out of the machine. I am not a novice sewer but ""assumed"" it was user error. After repeatedly trying to put the case back, rethread it, etc. I called support where they gave me the same advice to try again and then gave me the address of the closest repair shop that would do it under warranty 1,000 miles away. I took it to a local shop to find out they would charge $100 to fix it. Ended up shipping it and the repair shop said the timing was off. They fixed it and I got it back 3 days ago. Today I tried using it and the same thing happened again. I am extremely disappointed in this product and am going back to my old Kenmore that is older than I am that my mom gave me. Hope Singer will be able to help me resolve this issue on Monday."
"I received this machine from my husband for Christmas.  I use it for making many sewing products, even for sewing through leather and canvas for making mukluks and mocasins.  Greaty little machine.  i would recommend it to anyone."
I am just learning to sew so this is the perfect machine and so far so good. I am still learning all the features it has.
"sews okay never manages to master the self threading gadget, so I rely on a friend to thread it at times as I cant see"
"excellent machine quiet sews well, has many features  and dose many thing a lower class machine could not do.
Excellent value  I would highly recommend this machine for the professional or novice."
"I returned another sewing machine (different brand that starts with B) just a few weeks prior to purchasing this one so I was very skeptical when I received this one and proceeded to put it through its paces prior to the return window closing. I'm happy to say I had none of the issues I had with the other unit. This one has a good weight to it. It doesn't slide around on the table while I use it. (my 12lb cat can't shove it off the table when playing with his 8lb sister either and he could make the other one slide a few inches at least) I've sewn fleece and denim as well as seersucker with this one with no issues. I've changed the bobbins with no issues. (I did visit a local arts and crafts store that I'll just call J A's here... to pick up some Singer brand J15 bobbins after reading the utterly confusing reviews on them here. I wanted to be 100% certain of getting Singer brand bobbins and to my delight I found they were far cheaper there than on this site anyway so win win!) I like how even the stitches are and how you can slow down and speed up the pace with more control than just your foot on the pedal. This unit cost a bit more than the first light weight plastic disaster that I tried but since I like this one so much better I think it is well worth the $40 or so extra bucks! I'm reserving a star for now but if I still like it in 6 months and it hasn't burned up, failed or otherwise disappointed me I'll be back to update it to 5 full stars.
As of Dec 31, 2014 this sewing machine is still going strong for me. I've made a fleece poncho for my niece and cloth reusable Christmas and birthday bags for gifts to avoid using wrapping paper. Life is good!"
"Requested and received the Singer Stylist for Christmas. Just getting back into sewing after many years and want to take up quilting, but I didn't know if I'd really enjoy it so didn't want my husband to spend a lot on a machine. After just 8 weeks of use, the presser foot lifter broke. While I like the features of this machine, it seems poorly made and had trouble with even the simple tasks I did with it. The tension does not remain constant, and I'm very disappointed that it's 'down' so soon. Wish I'd asked for a higher-quality machine because I already know I love quilting but now have a week off because it's at the repair shop. Contacted Singer customer service -- no reply. Maybe it should receive just one star."
"I honestly don't know a lot about sewing (I'm quite the beginner), but I LOVE this machine.  It is very easy to use and has never given me any problems.  I would recommend it to any beginners."
"Thus far, I have been relatively pleased with my new machine. My husband purchased it for me for my birthday, through Amazon. The two issues I have had thus far are that the feed dogs don't seem to feed the fabric straight. Sometimes I reeeeeally have to wrestle with the fabric to keep it straight. I am new to sewing, so this makes things 10 times harder than they need to be. Hopefully if I do some minor maintenance/adjusting, I can fix that issue. I may take it to a sewing machine repair shop if needed. The second issue is that the foot pedal has not been working. There aren't any instructions in the manual about how to use the foot pedal- it seems to me that I should just be able to plug it in and it will override the system so that the foot pedal will control it instead of the push button. I need to do some investigating with that, too, particularly given that the fabric won't feed straight. Taking my hand off the fabric to change the settings or stop sewing results in crooked seems because of the crooked feed dog situation.  Overall, I am really pleased with the machine, however. It is easy to wind the bobbin, load the bobbin, thread the machine, and change the stitches. I don't own a serger, and using the different zig zag stitches has been really nice to finishing raw edges.  I think we a little more sewing machine education, and possibly some maintenance, I can get the machine to do exactly what I want!"
"This machine is just what I was looking for!  Sews like a dream, both lightweight and heavyweight (denim/canvas) fabric.  Would recommend highly."
"I am now retired and was still using my old Singer sewing machine I received when I graduated from high school.  Yes, that was over 40 years ago -- quite a testament to Singer!!!.  So I naturally purchased another one when I knew it was time to ""retire"" my old one (which does still work by the way).  My new one is amazing -- all the fancy stitches I could ever want but still so very easy to use.  I love it!!!"
"This is my first new sewing machine ever.  I looked for a long time before I decided on this Singer.  I am very pleased with it.  I have been sewing up a storm.  I have used it on heavy quilts and light baby pants, it has handled it all.  I have not got to play with all the fancy stiches yet."
"my old machine was so old that I could not get parts for it, so this new one solved the problem."
"I bought this Machine used from amazon warehouse and received it 2 days ago, Maybe that's why it didn't work correctly... I took it out the box plugged it in threaded the machine and grabbed some Fabric I pushed down on the pedal and after a few stiches I got an E1 error, So I rethreaded and tried again only to get the same outcome... I continued to try everything I got think of and the machine just continued to get E1 and C4 error codes followed by the loud beeping noise(ugh I hate that noise). So I decided to send it back and I'm going to buy a brand new one hoping for a better result. Will update soon"
"I bought this with almost zero sewing machine experience.  The DVD it comes with helps walk you through your initial set up, there is also a very nice written manual that is actually more helpful. This machine seems to have all the bells and whistles - there are so many stitch options.  I have only used it a few times and have not had opportunity to use all the features but I expect the directions will be as easy to follow.  Perfect for the 1st time or no-experienced sewer."
"I was given this machine as a Christmas gift this year as my 47 year old machine needed to retire.  I do a lot of sewing for my grandchildren and for charity and thought this would work great for me.  The week after Christmas I noticed that the hook for threading at #3 and #4 was tipped to the side and it would allow me to thread but not sew.  I sent it back and waited for another to arrive.  This arrived the first part of January and I have sewed very little since then.  Yesterday I noticed that the hook...in the same place as before...was tipped again and it would not sew.  I have been on hold forever with Singer all day and have even sent emails asking what the problem could be with no response.  I have heard that Singer has great customer service but I have not seen anything even close to good.  It had trouble getting someone to respond the last time and ended up using Amazon's customer service which was wonderful.  I will be doing the same again I guess.  It will be going back and although it is difficult since it was a lovely and caring gift from my sister and her husband, but enough is enough."
My wife has been talking for years that she wanted to learn to sew and start to sew new things.  So I got this for her for xmas.  She loves it.  She went to a few classes as the local arts and craft store.  And now is working on curtains.  She says its easy to use and has all the features she wants.
I learned to sew on a Singer. I looked and used some other machines but this one was my pick and I LOVE it! It is easy to switch between stiches. I love the automatic threader on it now that my eyes don't see the needle head as well. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
"I have owned a Brother sewing machine before and I decided to do some research and try this out because I had outgrown my beginners machine. It was definitely heavier than my older machine, but it felt sturdy and powerful. The drop in bobbin was new to me but easy to figure out. I did not use the automatic threading since I find the manual threading easy and convenient.

The machine is wonderfully engineered. The needle always goes back to the highest position when you release the foot, so you don't even have to use the wheel to pull it up. This may be a problem when I want to change directions mid-sew but I suppose there is some way around it. The foot-less sewing is also really great for long hours when I want to sit cross-legged and sew!

The lighting in the sewing area is sufficiently bright. The machine has a gentle humming (especially in comparison to both my older machine and my serger!). Overall a great buy and a charm to use!"
"I already have a Kenmore and have had it for years. It runs like a dream, but I do a lot of quilting and thought it would be nice to have two machines set up- one for piecing and one for free motion. So, when I saw this on special, I jumped on it. It is the noisiest machine I've ever used It clinks and clanks and sounds like it's insides are grinding together. My Kenmore purrs quietly despite 15 years or more of use.
Sewing is usually therapeutic for me. The noise of this machine is unnerving as it sounds like it's breaking down each time you run it."
"Great product, as a kid I always wanted a singer sewing machine but this is a fancy one--- Luv it!"
When I received this the foot pedal did not work at all. After an extensive wait (they were back ordered) they did replace. The machine is pretty basic if you have done a lot of sewing. It does the job though
"When I was a little girl, my grandmother tried to show me how to use her Singer. It was a huge fail. Then, recently, I had a reason to make little drawstring bags, and I was so not making them by hand. I did a lot of research and finally ended up with this Singer. It has a really solid metal body encased in plastic. It comes with super clear directions on how to thread the top spool and the bobbins. The instructions are printed right on the machine in case you lose the instructions booklet. It handles thread from my local grocery store (Meijer, for you midwestern-ers), and takes regular plastic bobbins. It comes with a million different extras that are stored neatly in the arm of the machine. I've used it to make three bags on regular fabric, and a huge Harry Potter scarf on fleece. The foots (feets?) are really easy to change, and the stitches are a lot of fun. The foot that comes attached is a general purpose foot and it's what I've used for everything, but it comes with eight or so different feet that are SUPER easy to change in and out.

For the record, this is an excellent beginners machine. I didn't even know what a bobbin was used for when I purchased it. It does come with a DVD to help you learn how to sew, but I haven't even used it yet, it's that easy. This machine would also be great for a kid learning to sew, because you can set the speed with a button on the front of the machine. So, even if your child wanted to use the foot pedal like mom, you can set it to the lowest speed on the machine, and use the foot pedal to sew.

A lot of people were complaining about the thread getting stuck in the machine where the bobbins are located. If you read the instructions, you will see that the thread has to come off the bobbin in a certain way. It's hard to explain, but my suggestion is to read the instructions (not the quick guide, the actual instructions) before you use it. Also, if the bobbin thread for some reason gets tangled, it's really easy to gently pull it out of the machine.

It's hard to say how much I love this thing. Easily my favorite purchase this year. Also, it has an excellent warranty. If you go to Singer.com, you can find the machine warranty there. The best part is that if you live in west Michigan, there is a certified Singer fixer-upper store right in Grandville. This might seem like unnecessary information for the entire rest of the world, but it played hugely into my purchase. It means I don't have to ship my machine to be fixed; meanwhile, you may want to look into your closest Singer authorized repair stores, because they're not ubiquitous.

Would HIGHLY recommend this machine.

**Update: After one year I wanted to review this machine again. I still stand by my five stars. I cannot tell you how many things I've made on this machine and it STILL works as good as day one. A few points... if your machine gets stuck and you get an error, turn it off. Unthread your machine and rethread it, and turn it back on. I freaked out the first time it buzzed and stopped, but it's really not a big deal. Also, changing the needle is easy peasy. I broke a needle trying to get through seven layers of fleece, and I thought everything was ruined- but it wasn't. And it comes with extra needles. This thing is really a champ."
"I do not regret purchasing this tool.  It is able to sew through fabrics that my old machine could not.  I have been so busy repairing clothes that I haven't started sewing anything new yet.
I have sewn zippers and repaired upholstery material for my chairs, my son's school pants, and so many other items that I am convinced that this is a heavy duty machine."
"I've used a few different machines in my lifetime - from an old 60's era metal case Singer with all the bells and whistles, to a bare-bones Brother that stitched either straight or zigzag, and a few more machines in between.

This machine was very easy to get used to (for me, an experienced sewer), and sews VERY well. The stitches are straight and strong, and the feed takes the fabric evenly and smoothly. The foot pedal is also smooth and responsive, and in case you need help with control, or are stitching tight curves or difficult stitches, there is a speed slider that you can use to help control things. I find it a huge help, and you can work the slider as you're sewing to speed things up or slow them down as needed.

I wasn't sure if I'd like the top loading bobbin, but now that I've been using it for a few months I never want to go back to the old style and fiddle with that little case again! You can actually SEE your bobbin, so you can check how much thread you've got and judge whether or not to reload so you don't unexpectedly run out at a critical moment - and it really is simple to use.

I did a lot of research before I bought this machine, and it really is the best value for the money. The frame is very strong and doesn't flex as you're sewing, or when you move it. It's heavy enough and smooth running enough that it doesn't walk on you as you're sewing. It's got enough power to sew through multiple layers of denim very easily, although of course it will occasionally hang up when running over the thickest part of a factory seam on a pair of jeans. Since this isn't a heavy duty machine, I'd say it does really well with denim. I've also sewn light fabric like satins and lace. No problems. The auto tensioner works surprisingly well, and only minor adjustment are needed for certain fabrics or stitches. The brother I had was a NIGHTMARE in regards to tension. Not so with this machine!

The only real complaint I have, is the LED worklight. It kind of sucks. It's just not bright enough to really illuminate what you're working on. I use an extra flexible lamp so I can really see what I'm working on. I don't mind, though, because everything else about this machine is such a pleasure."
"I bought this machine for Christmas because I wanted to learn to sew. I never used a machine before and I was worried about stuff like loading the bobbin. To my surprise, threading the machine and winding/dropping in the bobbin is very, very easy. After a couple of times, I didn't even need to look at the instructions anymore.

I did have one issue with the machine jamming but it was easy enough to figure out. I had used a new brand of thread and I had to lower the tension setting. If I set it to auto, it would jam and jam and jam. So I lowered it a little and I haven't had a jam since.

I use polyester thread for pretty much every project and it's worked out well so far. Cotton is ok, but polyester is stronger.

Also, I have a neat tip for sewing straight lines. Tape a block of post it notes to the seam guide on the throat plate. All you have to do is guide the edge of the fabric and that's it. Perfectly straight lines every single time.

I like that it comes with different feet, too. The overlock/overcast foot is great for preventing edges from fraying. The rolled hem foot is also nice but you should guide the fabric a little in the beginning. You can also use zig zag stitches if you don't want to bother with changing feet.

Oh, and the gathering foot is great for making ruffles."
"I always wanted a singer sewing machine and finally got one ..and i have too confess i like it  works great and has a lot of decorative stitches..i had a hard time figuring out the needle threader however i now know how too use it very easily..and you have too make sure you pull your top thread out enough or the needle comes unthreaded..pretty frustrating,,all in all it is a very good machine..however i really love my"" Brother Disney"" machine it has really spoiled me...if i had too make a choice i would have too say i would prefer the 'Brother' over the 'Singer'"
This is a wonderful sewing machine. The price and ease of use for this quality  machine is spectacular. I spent a lot of time researching sewing machines before I purchased the Singer 7258 and I am so happy with my choice.
"I would recommend this product to anyone who is just starting out sewing or has a bit of experience selling.  I bought it for a friend for Christmas, and she just loves all of the different settings.  She claims that it is the easiest machine she has ever worked on and it makes her life so much easier when she's trying to patch up some clothes."
"Has a bunch of fun stitches, like 100, it makes flowers and spirals and whatnot. It's easy to use and operate. I had an error issue at one point where the machine stopped, but I called up the helpline, which was super friendly, like some southern belle soccer mom answered my call, got it working in a minute through some phone wizardry, and I was back in action. If I had the same error without the same support it would be a different story, but they made it so I didn't skip a beat."
"The machine was priced in my price-range, and had all the features I needed and wanted in a new machine. It arrived well packaged from shipment and in complete working order. It is easy and fun to use!"
This machine is the easiest bobbin loader I have ever encountered. Threading the bobbin is easy too. Do yourself a favor and buy this one.
"You have lost me as a customer due to lengthy response times.

1. It took almost a week for you to reply to my email.

2. When I called your toll-free number I was informed that there were 16 calls ahead of me. At the 30 minute mark there were still 9 people ahead of me. That is too long to wait on hold. I gave up at that point.

3. I posted a message on your Facebook page. I have yet to receive a reply.

4. I sent an email to your locally authorized repair service and have yet to receive a reply.

In each of the examples above the wait time was totally unacceptable.

As a small business owner myself, I always reply to my customers with 24 hours. I strongly suggest revamping your customer service or you will lose even more customers.

I have now sent the machine back and will be buying a different brand."
This is my Granddaughters first sewing machine. She is ten and she watched the video and went to work. She's pretty smart but the machine is as well.
I wasn't sure I could handle advance sewing. This machine is easy to thread and I enjoy being able to see the bobbin. Operates extremely smoothly. Looking forward to trying the more advaced features. Machine comes with DVD basically teaches sewing and using it to train daughter.
"I had been procrastinating about replacing my old Singer sewing machine.  What a delightful realization that I made a great choice.  The value is very good.  Machine is very quiet, sews very smoothly and wonder of wonders - no bobbin problems!!  I highly recommend this model."
"i would deff recommend this machine for anybody looking to get into sewing
i have never sat in front of a sewing machine before but this one was sooo easy to use !
almost 1 year later  i am still loving it !

the only thing i don't like about it the original bobbins that come with it don't seem to wind up . but everything else is really great about it !"
"My husband got my this sewing machine as a gift and I love it.  I am slowly learning how to use it and we have two little ones so it is great for quick patch work with their clothes, backpacks, etc.  I even made them blankets with it that they loved...I still have a ways to go with using it but so far it is easy for beginners to use and I am loving it."
"This is a very easy machine to operate and learn. I love the self-threading needle.  I lost my previous sewing machine during Super Storm Sandy. My old one was over 15 years old and it worked great, but I couldn't see the needle hole to thread - so I stopped sewing. I can't believe how much it has made me to love to sewing again. I am looking to take a class so I can learn how to make / sew different things besides hemming my pants. This machine is awesome."
"I like it a lot, but the automatic reverse stitch button gets on my nerves.  Push the button and it stitches one forward and then how many you need backwards (depending on how long you hold the button) but then when you start stitching forwards again, it has to take one backwards stitch before it goes forward!  Urgh!  Frustrating when you are trying to stitch to an accurate line.  Other than that, this is a keeper.  It comes with so many feet, love the needle up/down stop button, and it seems to be built solid for the price range."
"My wife recently took up sewing and decided to upcycle old jeans into handbags as gifts to all the girls on our Christmas list. Her Singer Simple did the job, but not without some difficulty. After some research, I decided to purchase this machine as a Christmas gift to her. She absolutely love it! Not only does it have lots of bells and whistles when it comes to stitching, but the power is amazing for a machine within this price point. She will most definitely recommend this machine for any novice to intermediate user."
I bought this machine to teach granddaughters to sew.  It will be wonderful for that purpose.  I am a quilter and this machine will be handy to piece with so I can just embroidery with my baby lock.  I am very pleased with the sale price and the quality of this machine.
I especially enjoy the feature that lets me choose whether to have the needle up or down when I stop.  And bobbin winding is so easy.
I will be the first to honestly tell you about this. I really enjoy this sewing machine. As an intermediate level  sewer  I did not need anything to fancy so this was just fine for me.
"Not only does this machine look sleek, it works like a charm.  It is easy to use and is sturdy to boot.  Plus it does more types of stitches than I shall ever need.  A definite A+ recommendation."
"Used it once and worked like a charm. I learned how to sew in my junior year of high school (2012) and haven't touched a machine since. I was getting fed up of dealing with clothes that are too long or too big so I decided to get a sewing machine and fix my own clothes to my liking. This machine did exactly that. It also comes with a very helpful instructional DVD that helped a lot.

On a side-note: There's probably an answer to all of your sewing-related problems/questions on YouTube."
This one of the better Singer Sewing Machines that is computerized.  That is the predominate reason that I purchased this sewing machine.  I would highly recommend this model but only if you are an experienced sewer.  I would definitely recommend this seller to everyone.  The item arrived on time as per the sellers instructions.
"I bought this when I started sewing again and am very pleased.  I am unable to sit for more than a few minutes so having the hand control on the machine was a definite selling point. I have made numerous quilts, dog coats and other items in the few yrs since I bought it and it has trudge right along.  Not sure it was really designed for such hard use but it's holding up fine."
"I bought this sewing machine for my daughter who had sewn very infrequently on my machine.  This machine is easy to operate, easy to thread, has many features that make sewing various fabrics easy.  I'd recommend this to anyone."
Machine is wonderful. as described. No complaints. I have been using it since it came in & Everything is GREAT !!
We've been through 3 sewing machines only to be frustrated with our projects and waste money on repairing bad machines. This product is a welcome relief! Smooth sailing now! Love it.
"Although I am fairly experienced, this machine was very easy to figure out and use. Solid machine. Exactly what I was looking for."
"I just got this machine and used it for the first time yesterday, I love it, it's so easy to use and sews nice and I didn't have to fight with setting  tensions or anything. the bobbin is easy to fill and the machine is so easy to thread . I have been sewing for a long time and I have never had such a Beautiful machine. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a great little machine. Pat Michaloski."
"Like many posters, I did some mega research before purchasing the Singer 7258.  I was totally excited upon opening it and getting to work on my first project.  It was smooth, quiet and seemed great.  UNTIL...I attempted to sew through multiple layers (which I do often making quilted purses).  This machine couldn't even handle a few cotton layers.  I tried changing needles, tension, the works.  It was horrible - skipping stiches like crazy.  I am so sad, because my old singer could easily sew through the multiple layers on the exact same purses.  Back to the old Singer I go, until I find one that can do the trick.  If you are sewing through multiple layers, do not choose this machine!"
"My husband got this for me for my birthday this year and I LOVE it! It's so easy to use and set up was simple, it has so many fun stitches to use and also a variety for feet for every project! I also like that I can change the max speed to keep me from going too fast with thicker projects. I would highly recommend this one! I'm just a beginner at sewing, but this machine made me feel like a pro!"
"For any recreational, beginner to advanced sewer this is the machine!! I love this sewing machine. I've never owned a sewing machine but wanted to start some DIY projects. I've made pillows, sewn seams in clothing from heavy-duty to thin children's clothes. You have a choice of MANY seam styles, this comes with many accessories. & a great informational packet."
the projects you can do with this sewing machine is unlimited  ! I had an old  Kenmore machine  but it was time to replace it after 30 years  ! this one is  amazing.  It does so many things  just by pushing the button !  even  getting  the thread in the needle ! you still  need basic skills to use it  but it is perfect  if you  like to sew or just to repair clothing which is so much easier with this machine .
"We have had the SINGER 7258 Stylist for a few months now , and so far it has been a solid, very easy to use  machine. If your going to buy a first  sewing machine skip the 99.00 dollar specials, and spend the extra 75.00 dollars for this model its worth it."
"I am very happy with this machine and the variety of stitches and attachments. Overall it is a great machine for basic sewing. The one feature that needs improvement is the light for the needle. It is too dim to be of much help, but with the use of a portable op-lite nearby I see well."
This machine was the best choice for me after much searching.  I am not constant sewer but I like to have a machine to make things at a whim.  It has lots of choices in stitches.  So far I love it!
"My grand-daughter is just learning to sew.  I bought this machine for her.  When I saw how good it was, I bought one for myself."
"This singer is wonderful, portable, and makes buttonholes well!  I love it.  going to try it on making some jelly roll quilts with it."
"I bought this for my daughter who wanted to get into simple sewing. It is a perfect starter machine and the options are many. SHe will get a lot of use out of it I am sure. So far she loves it. Fast shipping, great price."
"I was very impressed to receive my new machine.  It is very easy to use and the instructions are very clear and easy to follow.  the instructional DVD came broken in two, but I was told that they would get another one sent to me ASAP in the mail.  Great customer support and service!"
"It was a bit confusing for her at first to get going with the auto threader and what not. But after i showed her the video on how to do it she had it in seconds. Very nice and easy to use sewing machine! This was definatly one of the best xmas gifts i could of gotten her and she gets so much use out of it.

Ease of Use 9/10
Reliability 9/10
Stitches and stitch selection 10/10

Over all i gave it 5 starts as a testament to singers name and reliability."
"I love Singer brand for sewing machines, and this one seemed really nice. I got it for my daughter for Christmas, and she loves it. I also got her the matching cover/carrier."
I have not had a lot of time to play with this beyond quick fixes to the grand kids clothes but I am loving it so far.  My last sewing machine was over 50 years old and a hand me down and down...  etc..  so I am learning all the bells and whistles on this machine.  Fun and interesting..lol.
"I LOVE this sewing machine. I'm fairly inexperienced with machine sewing, and I was thrilled at how this machine made it so easy. You can't really mess up on it, unlike my older Singer (from the 80s). All the stitching options are delightful."
"I got this for my wife when her very old Singer bit the dust.  The cost of repairing that machine was almost as much as purchasing a new one.  And this machine has so much more functionality.

It works great and she loves it."
"My husband bought me one for Christmas 2 years ago and I liked it so much, I bought one for my daughter this last Christmas."
"Got this awhile ago, abt a yr ago. Works very well. Runs smoothly. Will last a lifetime when taken care of properly!"
great machine for the money.  very easy to use.  we are first time sewers and this machine was not over our head.  i feel like it is the only machine we will ever need.
"I have been sewing for about 45 years and decided to treat myself to a computerized machine. After much research, I decided on this model, partly because I have always been a Singer user. The machine is easy to use and the stitching is very good. It doesn't seem to have the power to get through multiple layers of heavy fabric, such as denim. The light is also very poor. I had to purchase a desk lamp to use with it. There seems to be something wrong with the needle mechanism too. The mechanism is the same as every other Singer I have used, however, in completing any one item, I may go through 4-5 needles. They come loose and bend. I also learned that for me, there is not enough space between the sewing area and the right body of the machine. I need more room to manipulate the excess fabric. I will say though, that I taught an 8 year old how to sew on it and she found it very easy."
"Just in time for my retirement. I know I will love this machine , it is replacing the machine that has served it's time. Thank you Amazon for such a good deal!"
"Fine for small projects or learning to sew, but it's not up to the tasks I had prepared for it, such as converting regular jeans into skinny jeans and other clothing alterations.  It doesn't do well with more than one layer of thicker fabric."
"Comparing it to my old singer machine.  This has so many plastic parts that I'm afraid something is going to break.  My old (20 years old) machine did not have any plastic parts and was still running perfectly when I gave it to my daughter.  I purchased this one thinking it would be a better quality machine.  I still have trouble threading the thread especially at the thread guide.  It is not user friendly.  I have to turn the machine upside down in order to see what I'm doing to get the thread around the thread guide.  I have no trouble with the automatic needle threader that so many people have commented on.  Also disappointed that the face cover does not open up to see if there are any jams or to clean it out.  The lighting is very poor.  On the plus side, the different and variety of stitches should be fun if I can ever get around to threading the needle."
"sews great but little plastic piece where foot pedal plugs into machine broke off, when I was taking machine from my home to my daughter's house."
"Not a great machine but not terrible. It worked fine but I could never get the thread tension to work correctly - was always pulling too hard in one direction or the other. But overall a nice machine for cheap, was able to sew threw some pretty thick fabric without too much trouble."
"Fresh out of box, jammed. then could not get needle to pick up bobbin thread. This was a gift bought early, so amazon's return policy expired for full refund. Found a YouTube video explaining about the bobbin hook timing was ""off"" and explained how to repair--now with tools ready I can't get the bottom off. If you get something from amazon-check immeditely for proper function. Not impressed with Singer for sending out a machine that has not been properly inspected before boxing. Live in rural area with no ""repair"" service so thanks for YouTube for teaching the ins and outs of a sewing machine-but really that's why i got a new machine so i would not have to do this."
"This machine is okay, and better than the last machine I had.  However, it's not a workhorse, nor is it even close to being a heavy duty machine.  I'll probably end up purchasing another machine.  I do like some of the features this machine has."
"The best price anywhere and so many choices for stitches and repairs.
The CD tutorial is excellent at explaining all the methods.
The machine is very sturdy with a metal frame.
Should last a very long time.
Very happy with the purchase."
like it a lot it really sews good I would prefer it to others nice stitches and even stitches sews good
"I love Singer, and for this price, I had to have it!
I'm still learning how to utilize the stitches and all the extra goodies that come with it, but it's my new favorite toy!
will be making maxi skirts for the spring time for sure!"
It's still in the box unopened  I can't use it and can't return it. It was to be a gift for Christmas and so it was ordered too early ( in September). When it could not be used it was past thirty days for return. I will pass on future specials.
I bought a Singer to replace the Singer I bought second hand over 30 years ago. It's a good brand. I love all the decorative stitches and how easy it is to program them. Changing the presser foot is much easier than my old machine. I am disappointed that the needle is set so far back plus the light could be brighter and focused more on the needle. But all in all I am happy with it.
I bought this for my wife for Christmas. She has a 30 year old Singer that I bought her then for Christmas. What a difference 30 years make!!! This machine is a whiz and can do so many neat things. I am out of the dog house for a while! She loves it!!!
"singer is always a good choice, this is great if you are just learning to sew, got this to teach my grand kids, I have two Singers. I've been sewing for 45 yrs, and 1 of my Singers is 35 yrs. old and still sews like a dream. Just read the book. Pat. Chicago Il"
It would not run at all I sent it back. It was preowned but should have been checked out before shipping out
"Excellent machine! So easy to use, and exceptionally quiet. A big improvement over my old Brother. I can sew while the children are sleeping and the things I hated about my old machine such as loading the bobbin, and threading the needle are a breeze with this machine."
Has a lot of different stitches but some are so similar that they pretty much repeat themselves. I wish I had shopped more before ordering.
Bought this for my mother and she loves it. Very easy to use. I would recommend this product to anyone.
"We bought this as a gift for our granddaughter.  It is a perfect machine for a beginner, but will also be a good machine for years to come.  It is a great value for the price and easy to use.  It is sturdy, yet lightweight.  Totally satisfied so far."
"My wife loves this, espeacially the ease of use and all the stitches that are programmed in the machine...
Great Buy..look it up..do your homework on Singer Machines..you will buy this one..

Great Buy"
"Although I am not a sewing kind of person, my friend used it to make drapes and loved how smart the machine was for sewing an entire house full of drapes and sashes."
I love love love this machine. I have NEVER liked to sew but now I'm really almost afraid to say it...I really enjoy sewing now. This machine is so easy to thread and use. I'm attempting new projects and I love it!
Easy to use once you master the auto bobbin.  Directions were clear and easy to follow. Previous machine was a Brother and I love this machine!!
"Haas everything my adult daughter wanted in a sewing machine.  She is an avid seamstress and loves it.  Great price
."
"My wife finds it simple to use. One of my friends whose much more skilled said it doesn't give the fine control that she needs, but for amateurs like my wife it works well. She did need someone to show her how to use it, but it had been years since she had sewn anything and that would have been true of any sewing machine."
"I purchased this as an upgrade for our teen-aged daughter, who loves to sew. I went with the Singer brand, as that is what I use & like & am familiar with. This machine is wonderful! She was sewing as soon as it came out of the box. We love the drop-in bobbin & 1-step buttonholer. The decorative stitches look crisp & amazing! This is a machine that will take her well into adulthood. It has enough bells & whistles, along with being easy to use, to keep her challenged with her projects. Love it!"
"Sometimes the foot pedal ""stalls"".  That drives me crazy, but love having the computerized stitches.  Just wish I did not have the leave the machine on to keep from losing my settings when I take a break."
Christmas gift for daughter in law.............she loves it. Easy to understand a great gift for anyone with an interest in sewing. easy to use and understand.
"This is a very reliable machine. I had read the reviews & was expecting it to be quiet, yet was pleasantly surprised by just how quietly it runs. The auto threader is a must for anyone buying a machine these days. You don't have to be a master stitcher to appreciate this nor a techie to work it."
"This is my first machine, and so far, it is incredibly easy to learn on and use! I am very happy with this buy.  It comes with a nice dust cover, multiple bobbins, needles and feet! Thanks for a great machine at a great price!"
"Machine was ordered as a gift and came as promised.  Works well and fairly good for a novice user.  I'm sure more advanced user might want new and/or different features, but this seems to work well for our purpose."
"Very nice sewing machine and price was right.  Still learning how to use it.  I found that sewing over layers or seams is a bit of a problem and the machine does vibrate with increase in sound.  I found that the work area is small and is difficult while sewing on large items.  The automatic needle threader is very help but the area is too tight when you have to finish pulling the thread thru the needle and also for the process of using the steps to put the thread on the needle threader tool.
This new machine is a big improvement on my 3 yr old 10 stitch  machine.  So far, I am satisfied with the 100 stitches and not sorry for not getting more stitches or embroidery or quilting."
"We're not advanced sowers, so we can't review from that perspective.
We can say, however, from a beginning sowers perspective, the machine has plenty of features for the price we paid.

One thing that would have been nice is if it came with a case, even if it were just one to drape over it to keep dust off."
My daughter loved her new sewing machine.  Can't wait to see what she will make with it in learning how to use it.
"My loves it,  it has all the features she needs,  not the most expensive machine, but a good one for the money"
This was a gift for my daughter. Much better than expected. Adjusts to your speed and ability. I would purchase again. My daughter is a 22 yr old avg sewer.
"its exactly what my daughter wanted, its much easier to dial the stich you want rather than setting up the machine which took time"
"Well, its sews fine, however, is a little tricky getting the stitch you want.  Especially when you are not to
leave it plugged in when not in use so you don't mess up the computer.  Thus back to scratch when wanting
to sew something.  And I have already messed it up somehow and cannot figure out what I did or how to
fix it, no matter how much I take the lower part apart.  Will have to take it to the sewing machine man."
"I have had this machine for over a month now and I have used it a lot more then I had expected too.  I used to own a machine and have not had one for several years.  I wanted a basic machine, but not too basic.  I read a ton of reviews and choose this machine.  The best decision I have made in a while!  It is super easy to fill the bobbin and to thread, it comes with a handy chart for a quick reference to accomplish these tasks.  I have even had the opportunity to make button holes, I loved it!  So, very easy, I can not express how much I am enjoying sewing on this machine, and I am now seeking sewing projects!
This machine is also light weight and easy to move around, comes with a lot of feet, a button holer and a thin plastic dust cover."
"I have had a Singer Golden Touch and Sew sewing machine since 1967. At the time, this machine was a Special edition of that model. I have serviced it only a handful of times, and each time, the serviceman has commented on what good shape it is in. When our children were young, I made all of their clothes for a while, as well as repaired and mended others. It has given me more service over the years than I had expected. Since we now are Snowbirds, and move from Canada to the US for months at a time, I decided to purchase another machine to have down here in Mesa AZ, and still keep my original machine in our RV in Canada. With the new machine, it has many more design possibilities than my original machine, but it works just as I had expected for a Singer.
I have only used it a little since I have received it, but have found that it is easy to use, and works well.
I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good reliable machine"
"Purchased as a christmas gift for my mother in law and the machine doesn't work, connected the pedal and nothing happened, apparently the problem is the engine of the machine, its dead."
Simple to use and love the clear bobbin view. Had some issues with thicker matting when quilting but overall this is a great machine.
I bought this sewing machine for my wife for Christmas.  I found her looking at it back in November.  I took the opportunity to get her what she wanted as a Christmas gift.  She has opened it and has already made several things with it.  She tells me that it is exactly what she wanted.  She tells me that it is a GREAT machine.
I enjoy sewing again after a long period of time. This Singer 7258 Stylist award - winning 100 stitch computerized free-arm sewing machine is perfect. It has so many different stitches and I love that. And it is so easy to use.
This unit is very easy-to-use. It is priced right! I got it for my daughter for Christmas.  We made a dress over the holidays. I might have to buy one for myself!!!
"I've had this machine for a little over two months and I love it. I have about twenty projects I've completed on it. Everything I've done was easy and stress free with this machine. I haven't done anything with any fabric heavier than denim, but it handled the denim with no problem. Some of the feet and the menu options took a little getting used to but otherwise this machine has been great. I'd recommend it to a beginner or casual user like myself."
"I give this 5 stars...I have never had a sewing machine so easy to use. I have not tried all stitches but the ones I have are beautiful!!!! Do I recommend this, yes!!!!!"
"I am extremely happy with this machine so far.  It has all but one feature (dropping the feed dogs) that I wanted without spending over $200. The set up out of the box was extremely easy. The DVD was so-so but still informative. All of the stitches I have tried so far are incredible! Being able to drop the needle is invaluable for my quilting and applique work. Above all I don't think I will ever go back to using the foot pedal.  Controlling the machine via the on/off button and the speed control is incredibly easy to get used to and frankly, I feel much more in control than I ever did with the foot pedal. I hope this machine will get me through all the learning curves of quilting as I become proficient at my new hobby."
"During the past 20 years, I have more than 3 sewing machines, but they have different problems make me crazy,  Singer 7256 , it's easy to operate and can be fitted most sewing needles......, Singer 7256 solves the problems I have had,  I like this machine."
"Love,love,love this machine! Singer lives up to its name once again. This machine is light and easy for me to lift and store. The decorative stitches are only a digital button push away. Its easy to see the bobbin and how much thread is on it, because it's a clear lid on top just under the needle. Button holes are the easiest I have ever had. The button hole feature was the most important feature for me as easy button holing was what I wanted and exactly what I got. Nice self threading needle, which took me a few minutes to learn to use as I had never had one before, but once you get the hang of it, easy peasey. The price I got this machine for, was excellent and I got much more than I expected! Highly recommend this excellent machine for great price. I gave it four stars and not five because I would like a better cover for this machine."
"it's a great machine! It is amazing that such a low cost machine can do so much. The stitches are great, machine works well with many fabrics, and I have already completed a number of projects in the first week with it."
"Nice price and work well.
When I brought it before, I use Brother sewing machine. but singer is better.
buy it. goo enough."
"I have never sewed, but with the Ready Set Sew DVD I was going to teach myself, with a little help from my mom.  The DVD is warped and now I'm not sure where to start!"
"This is a great home machine for basic use.  No it won't sew leather and heavy upholstery fabric but it works great for the materials it was designed for.

Note: I saw several reviews that stated it lacked the accessories.  They are hidden in the arm.  If you are like me and not the kind to read the full instructions they can hard to locate"
"Bought for my daughter in law machine for Christmas. She was THRILLED!  She can't wait to try all the different stitches. I bought myself
a singer machine in the 1980's on sale with no container and that singer has worked beautifully  for me all these years and I have
made countless items with my machine. I've even made a leather purse with my machine. I LOVE SINGER!!!!! I know my daughter in law will enjoy hers for years to come too."
"This singer has alot of bellls and whistles and with time you can manuever through them all, however, I don't like all the plastic parts as compared to the singers of old. This machine maybe good for a newbie but I wish it had more depth to it and less plastic parts."
So far I'm loving this machine and have done several small projects. I love the cool needle threading feature and how easy the machine is to use.
"I am only a novice when it comes to sewing.  In fact, this is my first machine & I love it so far!  It is so easy to use and so quiet. I am having loads of fun with this machine!"
I think it will be a great machine for her.  I have a Singer sewing machine and like it and this is why I purchased one for her.
"This is the perfect size for young and old alike.  My granddaughter had used her Grandma's sewing machine so she knew it would work for her.  Easy to set up, attach needles and bobbins.  Singer continues to produce quality products.  Thank you"
"I came to the conclusion that I would need to hem my pants for the rest of my life.  They don't make clothes in my size.  So I bought a sewing machine to save money on locally expensive alterations (Hems cost me $20+ each).  I've never used a sewing machine before, but figured I'd learn.  For beginners like me, here is what you need to know:

It's a good, solid unit, as far as I can tell, and works well.  It's somewhat important to have a variety of stitches, but many are decorative and many are functional.  It's important to learn the differences and make sure your sewing machines has the important functional ones.  This one seems to have most of the important ones.

It comes with pretty decent instruction on how to load and thread the machine, but if you're a beginner like me, I wished it came with something a little more dumbed-down on the basics.  Like a 20 page Sewing for Dummies.  But I can't fault them for that.

The biggest complaint I have with the unit is their computer-ized interface.  It kind of sucks.  Like, you cannot click up or down to select a different stitch.  The arrows go one way, and you have to cycle-back over again to get the right number.  Also the settings on stitch length and width are a bit of a crap-shoot to get right unless you are a sewing pro.  I suggest doing a lot of practice on extra cloth before you start for real.

All said and done, I'm happy with my sewing machine and think it was a good price.  I'd buy it again.  But for newbs like me, expect a few headaches and confusion when you get started.  I'd give it 5 stars, but the interface kind of sucks."
"I love this machine. I went from a brothers that constantly had issues with tension. Now I was able to finish a sewing job in 30 minutes that took me three days before with the brother machine. ( no frustration time)
The only thing I don't like is that I can't figure out the auto threaded. This was something I was looking forward to as my sight is horrible."
"It's rare for me to write a one star review.  I hate to do it, but this is important enough of a warning to give. I had several issues with this machine, so I'll start with the first and work my way down.

1) The foot pedal didn't work out of the box.  I contacted customer service and they gave me a list of instructions to try, but it never worked.
2) The bobbin case is made of INCREDIBLY CHEAP PLASTIC.  I'm talking if you sew heavy materials and it pops, you will probably break the bobbin case. The bobbin case has two plastic tips that jut out and these control the thread.
3) No warranty centers in my state.  The nearest is a five hour drive.  Seriously!  I have a sewing machine repair shop down the street.  It's not like I live in the middle of nowhere. I would have to mail it in which would have cost 10% the price of the machine.
4) Overall quality of the machine is horrible.  Internal parts made of plastic.  Bobbins made of plastic.  Everything is made of cheap materials.  If you do a lot of sewing, you'll probably have issues.

I have a few nice things to say.  The customer service team was knowledgeable and the sewing machine does do a lot of different stitches.  This machine has been returned and we're looking for a machine with metal internal workings."
"This is an easy to use machine, especially since I've been using a 1946 model for so so many years. I'm very happy with this purchase!"
"the singer 7258 arrived on time and not damaged. the machine also included a  very good operating manual. the cd is very helpful with a lot of sewing hints. pluged it in and used it few times already ,very pleased with the results."
The last I used a sewing machine was in the early 80s.  Thought it was time to teach my granddaughter some of the basics.  Found this Singer for a great price and ordered it.  Amazing the changes that have been made of the years...all made a good product better.  I dare say that this machine is going to teach me about a few basics and more!  I'm still getting acquainted with this machine but it seems well built and is loaded with great features.  It's hard to go wrong with a Singer!
"This is my first sewing machine and I can't even put into words how thrilled I am. I've been messing around with it and testing out the stitches so that's now a huge part of my daily activities.

the only thing I wish singer made clearer were the pictures of how to get everything started. I don't know if it's just me or what, but I couldn't properly function.... so my mom helped me... but I got it now!

I definitely recommend this machine to people who want access to more decorative stitches and those who are planning on making costumes for conventions (like myself). It's a great machine and I feel like it will last me a very long time."
I bought it for my daughter but my wife likes it too they spend  more hour than I ever thought they would using this machine
"It's a really useful machine, and very convenient to use. The feet are good. Suitable for most of hand works. highly recommend."
"I knew it would; it's a Singer.  Lots of features for the price - very easy from the start; however, during the holidays I haven't had much time to practice.  It's smooth and quiet, lots of nifty stitches.  I can't wait to get my next project started."
I absolutely love my Singer 7258.  I've always had a Singer.  This is my third one. There is only one thing I woud change if I could.  It would be great is it would fit into the console that my Futura II fit in.  I would highly recommend this sewing maching to all my friends.odle
"I bought this machine in June 2013 because it had better features than my old one - which was working perfectly.  I have been happy with it until today - December 27, 2013 when I found out that the contact of the pedal was not working because it was loose from the inside.  Good thing that both my husband and I are pretty handy and we got it working again.  Let me tell you, the workmanship on this machine (once we opened it to fix it) is below standards.  If I had known that it was not U.S.A. made I would not have purchased it.  It is all very cheap plastic that looks and feels very fragile.  I hope this is the end of my problems with it because I really enjoy using it for my craft work.  Sorry, SINGER,  I think your choice of overseas work (Vietnam) was not the best."
"I give this sewing machine a 10! It is very easy to use, love the easy self threading. I loved it so much I bought one for my daughter who is just starting to learn how to sew. I work in retail I always recommed the machine, always tell them that Amazon has the best price."
I bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it.  She made a pillow cover the first day she set it up and it came out looking like it was purchased in a store.
Had a brothers machine for years that kept eating my work. Hubby got this for me and I love it. It is so quite and sews really smoothly
"It is my first sewing machine, and it is easy to set-up and use. I've been sewing daily since I opened it up!"
"Have not used it too much yet, but so far great. Had a singer before for years. Am sure this one will do the same."
"Bought this on impulse when offered by Amazon on daily deals. Was a little hesitant because of some claims that it couldn't sew through denim, but went ahead with the purchase because my old Brother just wouldn't do it for me anymore as a new fashion designer. I needed a more reliable and versatile machine with more features.

Last night, after months of owning this had the chance to use it. Start up was very easy and intuitive. I love the auto adjust tension and regulation! Just made my project so much easier. The speed adjustment was novel to me who started sewing by pedaling the old singers. I am so behind in technology in sewing that this was just magical for me.

BTW, it cut through the 6 layers of fabric including denim in the layers like butter. It had trouble keeping the stitching straight through the bulk, but hey, 6  layers!

The rolled hem foot was a plus and helped speed up my project and would be appreciated by those who do designer or linens fir the home. Can't wait to use other footers."
"Packaging was great although I thought it would be in another box. It was beautiful , clean and truly carefree to use. Runs like a dream.  I own 5 other machines and this is becoming my favorite! Saw it at fabric store for almost twice the price. GREAT machine."
"Yes, I'm a total beginner, and this unit came with a great 1 hour 5-part instructional DVD that was step-by-step, and very informative, even troubleshooting.  I easily learned how to thread the needle, and that is done with an automatic threader that is very easy to do.  It has a lot of accessories, extra feet for doing zippers and buttonholes, plus a 5-pack of needles, different plates for free stitching, .  I recommend ou make sure that you start out with strong thread, not rayon, but a cotton/polyester blend that will resist breaking when you try to pull it apart.  Very important.  I had to send back a box of 12 Madera rayon thread spools that cost me $8 shipping, because it was so weak, I could not use it in this machine (or probably any other for that matter).  So, if you are a beginner and want to learn how to sew, without needing any outside help, this is the one for you.  I bought it for $119, so look for the deals."
"Happy with it, have not used it much yet but in time I am sure I will learn all the new features.  Can't get the needle out to change it right now but I will figure it out.  Shipping was swift I was very happy with that."
Super easy to use and simple to set up and get started. Does not come with extended table as in pictures.
The machine offers a lot for the pricing! I'm used to singer products which is why I chose this machine.
"Oh my stars, even I can sew with this machine!  My sewing skills are certainly novice; the only thing I truly knew how to do prior to owning this machine was to thread a sewing machine (but I guessed at tension setting, wound bobbins by hand, etc).  I learned to use a sewing machine when I was in 3rd or 4th grade, and only for one project.  I used one again in Jr. High school, again, for one project.  Now at 40, I feel like a pro!  This machine is very easy to use.  It comes with a manual for set-up, problem-solving, and a graph listing the typical needles and threads to use with fabrics depending on weight.  It also comes with a pamphlet for a quick-start set-up, AND a DVD that is loaded with tips, info, and visual demonstrations.  I wish I owned this sewing machine 16 years ago when I first tried to take up sewing."
"SO EASY TO USE, I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH IT SO FAR, JUST GETTING TO KNOW HOW TO WIND THE BOBBIN AT FIRST.. CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS SEWING MACHINE!!!"
"machine is easy to use and also very nice looking .
I enjoy using it
Already have made many items."
"This is a wonderful machine.  I especially love the bobbin on top!  It is super easy to use, quick to change, and in the rare event that the threads get knotted, it is EASY to get the threads out!  All features work great, and I really love sewing on this machine. I got this for my mother and liked it so much that I then got one for myself.  I dropped to 4 stars only because it is not always easy to get the machine to start slowly."
"Love it! I have made several projects on it and all have turned out well. The automatic needle threader gets stuck sometimes, but I don't mind threading it manually also, sometimes the needle does not pick up the thread, but I have a feeling its just my lack of skills when it comes to configuring the adjustments. I love the variety of stitches, but you'll probably stick to the basic and maybe some of the decorative ones. The machine feels sturdy and solidly built easy to use instructions."
"This was my first sewing machine, so I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into when I bought it. It has worked wonderfully and I haven't had any issues with it. It has done a marvelous job on all kinds of material, especially thick denim. It's easy to use and doesn't take a lot of knowledge to get started!"
I bought this for my daughter to use in home ec.  She sat down at the machine and began sewing immediately.  All I did was tread it and tell her to put the presser foot down.  Within an hour she had half a rag blanket done.  And all this by some one who had never sat in front of a sewing machine before!  She told me she loves it and says it the quietest machine in her class.  Thrilled to have turned my tomboy into a domestic goddess!
"I am used to a more sophisticated machine but this one is great and would definitely recommend it, it would be great for a beginner and more advanced sewing."
"solid mechanicals, easy to get going ,straightforward design,I really love the automatic needle threader.anyone who needs a new machine with all the bells and whistles at a great price should buy this bargain"
"Replacement for my wife's beginning sewing machine. She just does repairs and this machine gives her more advanced features than she will use but the functioning, quietness, smoothness are quite remarkable for a machine at this price point. Very satisfied and it serves us well."
"Can't say enough, this machine is awesome to work with, easy to operate.  Had it for a year now and would order it again.  Great price for a great product."
This is my first machine and it works great.  It has been at my moms for the last month so I haven't gotten to test it out personally but she has been using it.  I hope I can get it back soon or maybe I should just steal hers.  ha ha.
Great machine for the money I am new at sewing so the friendly instructions and easy to use machine is a must for me.
"Keep looking!! I had to send this one back!! Something inside the thread route was causing the thread to shred and eventually break off during operation. I hate hate hate the way the spool mechanism works and how the thread is routed to the needle. Also the automatic threader makes me want the next up model that does it for you. I have come to the conclusion after reading all of the reviews of this machine. There are 2 types of this machine, the one that has broke down and the one that hasn't yet!"
"I have had this for almost 2 years, and it hasn't failed yet! Bought this for my wife for Xmas because she really wanted one for crafts, and fixing our clothes. I'm sure when she finally turns it on it will work perfectly."
"I was super excited to get this machine. I carefully unboxed it, read the manual, set it up and tried sewing. Spent an hour trying to thread the bobbin through and it wouldn't thread. The timing was off. Yes, right out of the box. Ok, got that fixed. Was excited again! Now it won't do any of the special stitches. I thought maybe I was doing something wrong. I RE-read the manual, watched 3 hours worth of youTube videos, went to the Singer website, did everything I could think of, thinking it was ME, not the machine. But it was the machine. And I even re-read the user reviews on here and realized I didn't want to deal with this Singer and their unsatisfactory customer service so I sent it back. I did MORE research and read more reviews on different machines and decided to try the Brother SQ9185. What a dream!! Walmart has the SQ9185 for $189. I would recommend the Brother to anyone reading this! Stay away from Singer. They aren't what they used to be."
"This is my Fianc's first sewing machine, and she absolutely adores it. She finds the setup very easy, and loves trying out all the different stitch settings. She is becoming quite the seamstress in very little time!"
"I've had this machine about 4-5 years now. I'd had a used White since the 70's and it worked great, but I wanted something a bit more fancy. Loved this one out of the box and was amazing. However, within the first few months the reverse button kept sticking and I then discovered that if I pushed it, it stuck going reverse so I now just give it a slight push and don't hold it and it does fine. The stitches looked great when it was new. Lately, the underneath is a mess. I've adjusted the tension and changed my stitch sizes now when I start to sew something.  The pressure foot could be a little stronger because the material does seem to slip. I know I'm sounding negative, but considering I've had this machine for a bit now and it's just starting to have a few problems; which could be me needing to change my needle more often and adjust things, for the price Amazon is offering, I don't think you will be disappointed. I paid more when I purchased it. I would like to buy a better machine, but just not sure any are like their ancestors for durability. Even with the problems I've had, I would still recommend this machine as one you'll enjoy to use. The light could be brighter, but I just use an additional clip on light.

Adding to my review..I've had this machine since 2009, and it's still going strong. I paid much more than Amazon is asking. It does great fancy stitches and I'm still loving this machine. I had thought the automatic needle threader had broken, but it wasn't. I was me in the early days using it wrong. Make sure it lines up with the needle so that the very tiny wire crochet-like hook doesn't bend. If it does, you can carefully bend it back again. If you need to replace it, they have them on Amazon. Also, it uses low shank presser feet so I've found some fun ones to try. I think you'll really like this machine unless you're a business and need a really heavy duty one. This ones does great for personal sewing. I've made pillows, aprons, hemmed jeans, etc. Just research and make sure you get the machine you really want the first time, but for the money this one is worth every penny."
Lives up to the Singer reputation.  Good machine for the novice user as it is easy to understand and use
"Without going through all the details of what this particular sewing machine does........mainly because there are already so many reviews about it.  IT'S ALL TRUE!  Reasonably priced, well packaged, great instructional DVD, professional looking, and durable.  Singer at it's finest!"
"If you don't have a lot of money to spend, this may be your model.  I found it to be  less sturdy than expected.  The light is small and inadequate (you will need a lamp for extra light), it does not have auto bobbin threading (which I did not realize), the work area around the needle is very small, the bobbin cover is a little plastic one (I am wondering how long before it breaks).  Other than these shortcomings, SO FAR, it has sewn well  on the projects I have done.  Had I realized some of this, I would have spent more for a sturdier machine."
"This machine sews so smoothly!  I'm impressed, and really have enjoyed it thus far (about 3 months).  It is very simple to understand, and the features are really handy.  I use the auto threader, and it really is easy.  I have enjoyed several of the stitches that are unique to this machine, and they have been simple and adorable.  I run a small etsy business, and so the detail work of my products is really important.  With this machine, I can make it as detailed or basic as I want to.  I really like the drop in bobbin winding system, and there have been literally no snags in my sewing, as opposed to other machines that I've used, where the exact tension isn't right, or the thickness of the fabric inhibits the bobbin and top thread from sewing in sync.  This machine just kinda keeps it all together, despite my varying the materials.  The 'auto' section for the tension must have that covered.  I love this machine!!!"
"I used to sew all the time, and I mean sew everything.  After carefully looking this over, I bought it for my daughter to teach her to sew.  So far she hasn't had the time for me to show her how."
"Love my new sewing machine.  Now I just need to quit giving myself so many projects!!!  I've only used it a bit but right out of the box, after watching the video, I was making practice runs.  I've just cut out my 1st pattern and am ready to go"
Good machine. You got to love the auto needle threader. Price great. very Dependable like you would expect from Singer
"Christmas season is upon us, and I am frustrated that I will not be able to make gifts for my family as I usually do.  My SINGER 7258, which was barely only a year old when it malfunctioned, will not sew; the entire bobbin case pops out every time.  I think it's a timing issue that needs repair, but I have no idea how to accomplish that.  I am extremely disappointed in this machine as it replaced a Kenmore machine that was over thirty years old that never game me any trouble until the last year.  I have been attempting since September to reach someone at Singer customer service by phone, but after literally hours on hold, my call has been dropped every single time.  I have sent three emails and received no response."
"This machine seems to be easy to use and its impossible to complain about the price.  I haven't been able to try all the stiches yet, but will over time."
This is a good machine. I like the versatile stitch patterns and use it frequently. I recommend this machine to novice users and for anyone wanting an easy to use machine.
This machine is very easy to use and operate.  Comes with instructional DVD and instruction book.  I love the many stitches it has.  Got this at a good price through Amazon and it shipped very fast! I am satisfied with this purchase.  I priced other machines at Walmart & Target and found a better price at Amazon!
"This machine is wondeful, it works perfectly. This SINGER was everything my mom dreamed of... Just amazing :D. I highly recommend it"
"I purchased this machine 11 months ago (12/19/2012). After taking it in to see what is wrong with the machine, I have been told that a repair would cost $80.00 in labor and the cost of parts. Will given the price of the machine this is an unrepairable machine.  How can a company such as Singer who have been in the business of making sewing machine so long and with such a history, produce such a disappointing product?  Will, I hope my review is seen by all in the market to purchase a Singer Sewing Machine and that they reconsider. My hard earned money was wasted."
"This replaced my wife's old Kenmore that seems to be worn out.  Great machine, sews well and does everything as advertised."
"This machine was easy to start sewing with, and the stitches are fun to experiment with. My old machine is a 22 year old Brother, and basically the 7258 is not that much different, except for the differences the computerization make. The machine is fairly heavy, which I like, but makes more noise than my old one. There are odd thumping and clanking sounds, especially as I just start sewing, that probably shouldn't be there, IMO. Minimal vibration, though.
I really like the top loading bobbin, with the clear cover, so I can keep track of the thread that is on the bobbin. I like the tension adjuster, which is more user-friendly than my old one. It takes a 15J bobbin, which I can't find any difference in from the regular 15 style bobbin. 15J cost about 3 times as much.
I haven't tried all the different feet, but the ruffle foot, which was a selling point for me, proves to be pretty much worthless. I can get ruffles by adjusting the tension and stitch length, better and easier.
One thing to note is how important it is to thread the machine properly, and thread the bobbin properly, as well. The machine may sew, but it will look bad, with the tension all messed up. My vision is not the best, and I have had to rip out several seams due to not seeing that the stitch tension was bad. (due to improper threading, either the top or the bottom)
I don't care for the needle up/down feature, because I sometimes want it up, sometimes down. I also don't like the fact that you can't stop the stitching ""on a dime"" because the computer has to finish its cycle, I suppose, and move forward slightly to end in the needle up/down position. And you have to take your foot completely off the pedal after a stop, not just pause and go, like the old type of machine.
I find that the machine struggles to get over several layers of material, and tends to stall on the top of the hump. I don't think I would try to sew many layers of denim.
I found the instruction booklet easy to understand, and the DVD helpful, teaching me things I hadn't learned in 50 years of sewing.
Even with all the complaints I listed, I think the Singer 7258 is a good machine, and worth the money. I'm having fun making Christmas gifts with it, and have endeavored several ""makeover"" jobs that I probably wouldn't have tried on the old Brother."
"I am writing this review to warn consumers that Singer cutomer support is almost non existence.  I called support and after waiting 30 minutes, I went from 13 to 11th in the que, at that rate I would be on the phone 2 hours.  I hung up and then emailed, it took 9 days to receive a reply from Singer.  The machine works fine but I do not think I would buy another Singer because of the lack of customer support."
"This machine was a little challenging to learn at first, but after watching the DVD a couple of times, I have learned to love the machine.  The stitches are amazing and actually easy after you understand the directions!  I wouldn't suggest this for a beginner, but if you have some sewing experience, it's a beautiful machine."
"Out of the box this worked ok. a day or two later, the tension is not correct and the knob did not correct it. I tried the steps in the FAQ. no luck.  I have been trying to reach Singer support for a week - they did not reply to email and their call center hours are so limited.  I am past my 30 day period to return through Amazon.  I am stuck & not happy"
"I love all the stitches and have been through many spools of thread since buying it.  I use it primarily for quilting and for making felt quiet books for toddlers.  The only aggravating thing is the reverse stitching.  I can't get the hang of when to push the reverse button and when I do, it seems to lock up the foot pedal so you have to depress it a couple of times, and then you don't know how many reverse stitches it is going to do.  Other than that, I have no complaints."
"It was a great machine for the 3 times that it worked for me.  I used it less than a month before it quit stitching and the needle started breaking and scraping the bottom.  Don't expect to get any support from customer service.  I called them and after hearing that I was in the 20's in line to speak to someone I decided to email them.  Waited a week, still no reply so I guess I would try my luck to call again.  I waited on hold for 3 hours before I was finally next in line!! no exaggeration only to have a recording come on to tell me that they were experiencing technical difficulties at that time and got hung up on.  Seriously?  I called back got to the back of the line this time I was only 19th in line, woo hoo, and waited on hold another hour to have a recording tell me that at 4pm they would be closing and anyone left on hold would be disconnected I was still 14th in line, I don't think I am talking to anyone today. Are you kidding me?!  Called back the next day, only had to wait about an hour and a half this time to be told to take it to the repair shop they could not help me.  Best of all there are no electronic repair shops in Ohio, only mechanical.  Closest one is 3 hours away, but you can ship it there - only you have to pay for the shipping, nice!  So to sum it up I paid $150 for a machine that I got to use without problem a total of 3 times, Amazon won't take it back because I am 1 week out of the return window for waiting on Singer customer service to help me which did not help me anyway and if I want to have it fixed I will pay who knows how much for shipping or gas to take it to a repair shop to have it fixed for free so I might get another 3 uses out of it.  On the bright side I guess it is a good thing I got it on sale otherwise I would have paid $300 for 3 uses."
"It was ok while it worked. Machine broke at about 3 month after purchase and even though it suppose to have a warranty don't expect to receive a new machine! We were told to bring it in to get it fixed, but location was out of state and there is no guarantee that it will work. Ridiculous!"
Bought this as a gift for my mom and she loved it.  She said it's easy to use and easy to store.
"I received the machine that didn't work out of the box.  The machine would turn on but the foot pedal never worked.  Forget about Singer customer service/email (that isn't factored into my review here) helping to solve the issue.  After making no progress with Singer, I decided to return the machine to Amazon.

Even though the machine never worked, it still gets one star for the simplicity of the manual and the included basic accessories.  The other star is specifically for Amazon's return process.  It was nearly painless, though I wish the return shipping was as quick as the original shipping option selected at checkout.  The refund was processed very quickly.

I'm now looking for a machine to replace this one.  I haven't entirely ruled out giving this machine another chance because it's possible the pedal issue was a one-off experience.  It surely has caused me to weigh the neutral and negative reviews a bit more seriously though."
"I took up sewing for the first time at the age of 69. I had a Brother machine which worked well, but I wasn't able to slow it down enough to learn properly. This Singer is the perfect machine for all levels. Being able to adjust the maximum speed automatically made  the difference for me, and I found all the operations easy to learn. With the computerized decorative stitches, I've learned ""crazy quilting,"" and I'll be giving small art quilts as Christmas gifts this year. I couldn't be happier with it, and I'd recommend it for all levels. Now if I could only find a rotary cutter that actually works, I'd become an expert in no time. Any suggestions?"
"So far so good!  I bought this machine after my 11 year old singer died.  I'm not an advanced sewer by any means, but I use a machine several times a year to make poodle skirts, halloween costumes, etc...  I used this one to sew a golden retriever costume with a faux fur.  It was easy to set up, handled the faux fur without problems and so far has been a great machine for the price (I have only used it a few times though, so we'll see how it holds up)."
"I have been sewing for 40+ years and my old machine finally died. This new machine has all the ""bells and whistles"" I ever wanted and is delightfully esy to use."
first of all parts ar missing the thread ripper and the attachting extra long table and this does sy it comes with it right now im not vr happy with t at all its kipping stiches too hopefullyi can work  on it myself but im not happy atall im cal ing singer first thingtommorow to find out where the extended table is and the eam ripper I did take tne insuranceyou offered and im glad I did something tells me I did a bd thing for ordering it
LOVE this sewing machine.  I bought this a couple of years ago and taught myself how to sew.  This machine made it so easy and I think it was well worth the money.  I love it and am glad I went with a Singer.
"Had problems with both the machines i was sent ,they were not the same problems but it was diapointing to wate."
"Fantastic machine, lots of versatility. Easy to control. Switching feet is simple. Having all the stitch sizes combined with all the stitch styles has really helped me learn how to sew garments in a much more professional way."
As a fairly novice sewer I have found this machine to be very easy to use.  I love the extra stitches.  The CD that comes with it is worth the watch if you are not an expert sewer.  It's gotten a lot of use making Christmas presents since I got it.
"I have had this model for over a month now. It was an upgrade to the Singer Basic that I had received 13 years ago as a sewing beginner. While that machine was a workhorse, I wanted more sewing featuring and in particular twin needle capabilities. In the time that I have had this machine, I have made a pair of shorts, a costume dress and a tailored jacket and pants. I do believe I am getting my money's worth. I was apprehensive at first because of the ratings and comments or complaints I had seen on multiple sites from some users. However, actually using and learning the machine my opinions are much more positive.

- The set up is relatively easy though I did flip through the manual just to become familiar with things.
- I've never used the automatic threader but I do enjoy the auto sew feature. I do not use for general short stitch sewing but instead for when I'm sewing a long length of fabric like pants. It is also nice because you set it to automatically fill a new bobbin. NOTE: If using the auto sew feature it is best to use the slowest sew setting as it moves quickly.

-I'm not crazy about the bobbin cover being a clear plastic as my last one was metal but it is a minor thing. Also, I am not a fan of the storage cabinet on this model. It can be annoying to have to slide it out to access the compartment. My previous machine had a top hatch for the storage compartment.

- This model sews like a champ! I appreciate the simplicity of it and smoothly it works. Having the overcast feature and the zigzag foot is awesome!

Conclusion! I highly recommend this machine. It is great for an intermediate-advanced sewer that wants something dependable with a fair amount of features."
This was a great buy for a beginner like myself. Not overly complicated and after my first few attempts I've now developed an easy comfort when I use it. Looking forward to learning more and more with this great machine!
"This machine is wonderful.  I have sewn on basic machines for many years.  I love everything it does: needle stops up or down, so easy to reverse,acrylic cover on bobbin so you see when it is getting empty, all the extras are on the machine in a compartment, love love needle threader.  I have researched and I am so happy I got this one!  The light could be better but I have an Ott light so no problem.  I am making a quilt and sewing now is so much more fun.  You'll love it! This is not Darrel's review, but his wife's."
"This is a very nice sewing machine overall. I bought it for my wife for her birthday. She loves all the stitching patterns it can do. This machine made her sewing life much easier compared to her previous machine (some brothers machine or something).

There are a couple issues I have noticed with it:
1. Make sure you clean it when you get it. There was a lot of oil coming out of it when first used, and it stained some of my shirts.
2. The string will snap now and then for no apparent reason. I believe it has to do with the needle position when starting. There is a tension problem somewhere between the needle and the top of the machine, but I can't really see inside there.
3. Most bobbins do not work well on this machine to refill the bobbin. The top piece that spins is too small for most bobbins we have, and I even have an actual full singer sewing set.

Other than those few issues, it's a very nice and fast machine."
I have enjoyed this machine except that it is a little difficult to thread the bobbin.  If the bobbin is not correct get ready to rip out your seam.
"I like the ease of using the machine, but it didn't include the extension plate. Stitches are even and uniform."
Sews smoothly.  Settings are easy.  It's what I wanted and expected.  The table extension was not included.  It should last the rest or\f my life.
"I received this machine for Christmas and loved sewing with it UNTIL I tackled a heavy duty project. So long as you are only sewing 2-3 layers of fabric, it works like a dream. But try binding a quilt  and you will become frustrated to the extreme. Good for general sewing, but you need something else for heavy duty projects.  ended up having to borrow a friend's machine to finish my quilt."
I received this machine two Christmases ago. Immediately out of the box it made a loud knocking sound. I was able to sew a pair of pants and made a few bibs. Had trouble with the tension the ENTIRE time I was sewing. I shipped it to a warranty center and the man told me it looked like it had been dropped during shipment. He replaced a couple things and shilled it back to me. It worked enough to sew a dress and a few pants on. A few months later I had a sewing machine store service it and while I was there I was told Singer isn't the company it used to be. So skip forward ten months and I took it to another sewing machine place (we moved) and he showed me three things wrong with the machine and it's not even why I took it in!! I have had tension problems the entire time I've had the machine. I can sometimes fix it and sometimes I can't. I would consider myself an intermediate sewer. I will be taking the advice I've received from veteran sewers and I'll purchase a good machine.
Love this sewing machine! Makes it really easy to switch between stitches. The only thing I wish was different.....some more room under the sewing arm to maneuver bulky fabrics would make this even better. But this definitely more than exceeded all my expectations.
"Great machine, especially if you're not very skilled at sewing... yet! I would recommend this machine to those starting out and those with more experience as it has a ton of options to choose from as far as stitches go."
Great little sewing machine. Easy to follow instructions for all the new to me stitches. Even sewed a few botton holes and buttons! I love it!!
It's time to replace my 1967 Sears Sewing Machine and I opted for this Singer.  It's a great decision thus far.  I enjoy using it for traditional sewing and am learning to use different stitches and some new skills.  The directions are clear and the machine is easy to use.
I really haven't used it yet- but will soon. Only thing I think I need yet is the extended  table and it seems to be out of stock so far. Other than that- I am sure I will really enjoy using it.
"Really enjoy my new Singer.  Like all different stich patterns, easy to set.  Can sew material I couldn't sew on my old Singer."
"It arrived before the date scheduled.  It was packaged very good.  It looks great.  It sews great.  I love the needle down position that it has.  It has a great feature that locks the machine when you fill a bobbin, when you are through and clock off the refilled bobbin, the machine unlocks and that is all you do.  I have played with a few of the programmed stitches, some of them are very useful.  If someone is looking for a good sewing machine, I recommend the SINGER 7258 Stylist."
"Love the stitches, easy to program and drop in bobbin. I am dissatisfied in that it has a very narrow throat - only 5-1/2"" between needle and the machine housing - very narrow and difficult to quilt with. But I love everything else about it"
I bought this machine for my wife for Christmas. I know she will enjoy it. Singer has always been a great sewing machine to buy and Consumer report agrees as well.
"I have been sewing for over 40 years. I picked this machine for a family member who is a beginning to learn how to sew. I tried it out and I love it. If you are looking for a simple machine with good power this is the one. The decorative stitches were easy to use and it sewed through more than 12 layers of cotton so some denim work should be no problem. Great bargain for the money. Note: If you are an experienced sewer and sew more than 15 hours a week, you may want to look into a larger model."
I liked it but I would have liked it to go faster when i pushed the pedal. The ease of use is very good.  I enjoyed that part of use.
"I hadn't sewed since middle school, and so far this machine has proven great for me just starting out and tackling multiple beginner sewing projects!  Can't wait to master sewing my own aprons, bags, etc.!"
"My daughter had a big sewing project to do, and the machine that I have is a 1957 Singer that needs service, which will cost about $80, so I decided to upgrade. We haven't played around with the stitches, but I find it easy to use. We watched the CD that came with the machine first, which helped with understanding the nuances of threading it."
Love it! Just made several Halloween costumes. Everyone has been commenting on how great they turned out! Plan to try a baby blanket next!
I bought this for my wife as a birthday present.  She loves it.  The hard cover is a good investment as well.
"This was a deal of the day. I had been looking at sewing machines so I could hem pants. I never sewed before. It was easy to set up and the instructions, along with online instructional videos on YouTube, we're very helpful. Within an hour, I learned how to set up, thread the machine and started practicing. I then tried my first hem and it was fairly easy and came out nice. This machine was perfect for what I needed."
"Bought this as replacement for my sister who was borrowing my older singer sewing machine and she loves it. She actually wants me to upgrade to this machine. I rarely use my machine so im not a huge sewer, but my sister uses this almost daily now. Shes been making pillows, bedding, stuffed animals, ect. She said it does a lot of the work for you and is very easy to use. It has a lot of different stitch options, ones that are stronger than what she had been doing with my basic sewing machine. She has zero complaints and thanks me weekly for spoiling her with this sewing machine. Its a great machine and i was lucky enough to get it for a great price. Amazon shipped it very quickly and it was in perfect condition. My only complaint was that it wasn't in another box, it just shipped in the singer box so it just sat on my porch and everyone could see what i had ordered."
So far so good. Have only used once. I will update more once I've had time to use it more.
"I finally bought myself a new sewing machine.  One that I could use without having to be an engineer to operate.  Much to my surprise the sewing machine had many more features than what I actually need, but having said that, was able to sit down and review the instruction book briefly, and get right at it.  Love the free arm feature.  Excellent purchase."
"I got my Stylist a couple of months ago and so far so good.  I just started sewing and it was easy to figure out, the manual is great for understanding all of the stitch options.  So far I love it."
"I have had this machine a couple months, I don't do a lot of sewing, but so far this machine has worked great."
I have gotten this is a gift and I loe love it! It came right one time! I have sewn many things and many more to come!
"I ordered this machine on a Friday morning.  It was delivered the next afternoon.  I expected it to be a good machine but it exceeded all my expectations.  It is an absolutely fantastic machine.  It is easy to use and it hums, it doesn't ""clack"" like my old machine did.  It is easy to set all the decorative stitches -- I got up at 3:30 the next morning to ""play"" with my new toy.  I tried all the stitches and it even does a good buttonhole.  I love this machine."
Nice machine and very easy to use. I have not yet watched the DVD but hope to do that soon and learn even more about my machine.
"I absolutely love my Singer machine! I use it as often as I can, and haven't had any problems with it yet. It is very easy to use and figure out. Love the light on it--so bright! The machine is pretty quiet as well (always love that)! Still have yet to really get into the features of the machine, but for now it has been amazing."
My mother in law loves it. She stated that it was a breeze for her to learn this new singer. She is now occupied making beautiful curtains and dress for the family.
"Since I was 12 I helped my mother to change or made clothes at home. By the age of 14 I made dresses for my younger sister. (6 brothers + 1 sister). Sewing and having a machine is just a very normal thing.
I chose the Singer for its stability, and many different stitches. Just enough for my use.
I replaced it for my ""Brother"" (the 7the one).

By the way in the Netherlands where I grew up every house hold has a sewing machine.

Warm greetings,
Florentina Mehta"
"WoW, I am so impressed with this sewing machine. I love the different types of stiches I can do. It's super easy and even sewed the 4 layers I had on my pants for heming them. I love this machine and am so glad I bought it."
I can give a better idea of how I like it when I get a chance to use it more.  I haven't had time to really get into a project with it.
"I grew up sewing on a singer and wow have they've compacted their products. I really like all the little cute diagrams on the sewing machine showing you how to thread properly, it definitely helped with my 1st time use of it. So far I've sewed denim, outdoor materials and satin with ease! I've only had the machine for 3 months so I'm excited to try out all the different stitch patterns. Gave it a 4 vs 5 because I wish it held a bigger spool of thread."
"I've never used a sewing machine before, but am sick of sewing by hand.  I'm getting the knack for it and the machine works great.  I have no reference point for comparison, but even with my lack of skills I was able to drastically improve my ability to create a halloween costume for my son."
"This is a EASY TO USE workhorse...has worked with all thread I have threaded.. (even polyester, shinny, silky polyster I ordered from amazon..40 spools on sturdy plastic spools with thread 'tamer'. Also, these  thread options are important so I can set a jumbo cone (4K YDS) behind the machine and just keep on sewing; stoping only to replace a pre-wound bobbin as I speed through my fun projects. I love the mirror image stitches all of them located right next to the original stitch.  The tulip stitches (two different ones :-)) are so fun. I have discussed this beautiful sewing machine on many reviews and it had slipped my mind to write a review until right now.  features: Sewing speed control with out and with the foot controller (press down with your foot to run the machine) AND control the speed with your hand  with stop/start button and the slider control on face of machine. This machine has the EASIEST tie off/back stitch(button) of the many machines I have tried out. Happy sewing and warmest wishes,Toni"
"This machine makes sewing effortless; there is no trial and error.  I love the start/stop button, no presser foot if you don't want/need/able to. The speed is also just right there is no pressing the petal too hard and it taking off. There are tons of different types of stitches which is not only fun but the instruction manual has a brief guide for some of their uses. The storage space in the base of the machine helps keep all of the extra parts together and in one place, again brilliant. I love how this machine is just advanced enough to get everything done, and with a bit of flare too, but not too complicated where if you haven't touched it in a few months you have to relearn how to use it.
There are a few items that are a bit annoying but nothing that would even come close to preventing me from buying again. One, the LED light. I love LEDs but the lumes is kinda pathetic, it needs a few more to properly view stuff. Two, the selector buttons for stitches, they only go up so if you miss the number or over shoot it you need to go around again."
Bought this for my granddaughter. Wanted a machine that she could start with but grow into and keep for a long time. This machine fit the bill and sews like a charm. Great machine for a fair price
"I needed a second sewing machine for my projects while I had another one in the shop for repairs. Looked around for a basic sewing machine both on line and stores. After shopping around I saw the Singer 7258 Stylist at a local store  and loved the way it sews. Decided that it would be the sewing machine to purchase. Looked it up on Amazon, found it right away selling for much less, ordered it, and am very happy with it. It's light weight, sews smoothly, and comes with many accessories. The only thing I find a bit of trouble with is the auto-needle threader. I thread the needle faster manually! I wish it would be like the auto-needle threader on my other sewing machine which threads so easily."
I really Love my new Singer. I was wondering if it would be hard to do the special stitches but it is so easy! The owners manual is very well written so all the special features are easy to learn how to do. I hope it will last a long time.
"I love my new Singer 7258.  It's easy to use, easy to thread and I would recommend this machine especially a
beginner in sewing.  I have made several hanging quilts and this machine was great to use.  I haven't sewn since
the late 70's and I'm just getting back into sewing so this machine is great for me."
"I am 100% new to sewing, and I am teaching myself on this machine with books and YouTube videos. I purchased this machine based on the reviews, and I am VERY happy with it. It is not overly complicated, but it still has plenty of useful features. The procedures for threading bobbins as well as the needle are easy to learn. I have completed a few simple projects: burp cloths, scarves, baby blankets and oven mitts. I have had no issues (like jamming) with the machine. I use Gutterman thread, and it has been great. I love the digital controls on the side of the machine, and the buttons close to the needle (like backstitching) are easy to use while still sewing. The machine is very study and heavy, which I appreciate. My only tiny critique is the size of the opening on the right side is a bit small. It is a little more difficult to feed larger projects through without mistakes. Other than that this machine is fantastic, and my more experienced sewing friends are totally jealous."
"I have only good things to say about my new Singer Stylist! It is smooth, quiet and easy to use. The instruction book is clear and concise. It's so much fun trying out all the different stitches and features. My last machine was a Singer Stylist purchased in 1979. It had a metal body which I miss. It just seemed more sturdy. But I do like how light my new machine is to carry. Love the handle! It's a trade-off I can live with. If your looking for a new (or your 1st) machine, this is an excellent choice. It would be good for a beginner. The speed control is awesome for a new sewer. No matter how you press on the pedal, it will not exceed the speed you choose. The clear bobbin cover is a great feature. It eliminates running out of bobbin thread and not being aware of it til you're at the end of your seam. On the other hand, all the features and stitches make it a good machine for any sewing level. As always, I had no problems with ordering or delivery from Amazon."
"Sorry this took so long, for my review. We sent the sewing machine to our niece in college. She loves it, art and craft major. Performs we'll for all her needs. Easy to understand DVD and manual."
"This is a great sewing machine.  I've never used a sewing machine before, and I was able to figure out how to threat and sew on this machine with no problem.  It's user friendly and I am very impress with the speedy delivery from Amazon.com (it's super fast, I recd the order within 2 business days)."
"I love it. My first new sewing computer.
Thank you very much and I've been telling all my friends and family about it.
I just can't stop talking about it. I Love it."
"I love love love my new machine!!! Its quiet, smooth, easy to use and all the features are amazing!!! Got a really great deal on the price but regardless I would have paid the higher price had I known how great of a machine this is. If you are looking for a new machine that has great features and ease of use, this is the one to get!!! I am totally 100% satisfied with my new Singer :D"
"The Singer Stylist 7258 is a really nice sewing machine.  It runs very quiet and has many nice stitch variations.  The only thing that I thought was odd, and I returned my machine because of this, is that when you push the up arrow to select a stitch, the direction that the count goes is random.  If you are on stitch 01 and you push the up arrow below the ""1"" sometimes you wind up on 00 and sometimes you wind up on 02.  I didn't like the unpredictability. Other than that, I thought it was a great machine."
"LOVE THIS SEWING MACHINE SO FAR. HAS BEEN 15 YEARS SINCE I'VE SEWN. TOOK THIS MACHINE TO MY SEWING CLASS FOR A MONTH. I HAVE NOT HAD A SINGLE PROBLEM. I HAVE MADE SOME SCRUB TOPS, ALTERED JEANS AND SHIRTS, AND DONE SOME OTHER SMALL PROJECTS. SUPER EASY TO OPERATE AND GET STARTED. HAVEN'T EVEN HAD TO ASK FOR HELP FROM THE INSTRUCTOR. VIDEO THAT CAME WITH MACHINE IS GREAT AS WELL AS WRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS. I'VE LOADED A BUNCH OF BOBBINS AND I'M SEWING AWAY. PERFECT FOR A STARTER LIKE ME...NOT ONE SINGLE REGRET!!!!!"
"I bought this for my wife, because it seemed to be a good sewing machine.  However, less than a year later and after only 2-3 uses, the thing is broken.  It won't even start at all.  My wife did some google searches, and found that this seems to be a common issue.  Since there isn't a repair facility locally, I would have to spend a fortune to ship this practically new machine off to be fixed.  Will never buy anything from Singer again, avoid them like the plague!"
I replaced my old Kenmore sewing machine. It was cast aluminum and weight 12 lbs. This one is much lighter and has more features.
"I really like this machine.  I never expected to get so much machine for such a great price. Delivery was screwed up , but amazon gave me a little comp for it so that's ok too.  More important,  I really love this Singer."
"Would highly recommend this machine!  Lots of stitches.... but not over-kill.... Runs smooth and quiet.  Easy to thread and understand.
This would be a great machine for someone who's just starting to sew and also the experienced sewer who needs a good basic machine!"
"I am very happy with my new Singer 7258. It has more than met my expectations. My mom was a Singer girl, she had the electric Singer machine, but she also had her moms old fashion foot peddler Singer. My husband bought me a cabinet style singer over 38 years ago. It lasted for over 20 years. I purchased a couple of brother sewing machines in the last 5 or 6 years, but I think I am going to keep the Singer it is still the best."
"This was the Gold Box Deal of the Day for $125. I was so excited to get this for my wife and as I was going to check out they removed it from the cart. It was still an hour before close of the day. When I put it back in my cart the price had sky rocketed while Amazons website and home page still showed the deal of the day price. I spoke with customer service and was told nothing could be done to rectify the situation. We will not be ordering from Amazon anymore and my wife regrets ever doing our baby registry with them because this was such a negative experience. Thanks, Amazon, for not living up to your reputation. Very disappointed that I won't be able to get this for her."
"I grew up with my mom sewing everything my imagination could dream up, and, being the great mom she is... she indulged in some of my stranger ideas.

So, when I found out that I was going to be a mom back in March, I had that ""Uh, oh... better learn to sew so the kid can have great costumes, clothes, decor, etc., too!""
Problem, Mom was living in Vegas at the time. I was going to have to wing it with YouTube and stuff Mom taught my ADHD self over the years.

I did my research. Oh, did I RESEARCH! I wanted to get the best machine to start with that would last for a good long while with plenty of features but wasn't too costly. This was a gift from my dad.

I chose the 7258 because of it's construction, features, and ease of use. Now, when I spoke with a gentleman at a local sewing/vacuum repair shop, I asked him how often he'd seen these in his shop or with some of his colleagues. He explained that the way the 7258 is constructed that it's a very stable and reliable machine, but, like cars, there's an occasional bad apple BUT MUCH LESS SO WITH THE 7258.

When I saw it came with an instructional DVD, I was very pleased.
Between the DVD and how EASY this machine is to use, I had sewn my first set of curtains within the first two days!

I'm not an expert, but the MANY experts I spoke with in person or over the phone said that the 7258 is reliable, easy to use, and an excellent bargain.

They were right.

I have been able to make two fairly elaborate Halloween costumes for children of friends, clothes for myself, and tailor items for my husband.

1. The bobbin is so simple and easy to load.
2. The needles and bobbins can be found at just about any average superstore (think Walmart).
3. Programming stitches is incredibly simple. You just press arrow buttons.
4. The speed slider is wonderful! It cuts time down significantly, and the stitches remain perfect no matter how fast that needle is moving.
5. The decorative stitches are quite lovely. Being able to add that special touch makes a project look more finished.
6. While it is heavier because it's metal, it's more DURABLE. I'll take a little muscling if it means I have a machine with great longevity.
7. It's a bargain.

My dad is a very generous guy and would have bought just about any machine of my choosing, but I chose the 7258 with thought and care.

I'm the kind of person that thinks that technological advances should be making machines that last forever. I'm also the kind of person that thinks if a car can't run for 300,000+ miles, it's not worth getting.

SUM IT UP: Durability, Stability, Easy to Use, Well Constructed, Easy to find the extras you need, PLENTY of options, many different presser feet that are easy to use, and a DVD that teaches you not only how to use it, but, also, helps the beginner learn to sew.

Great job, Singer."
"I love this machine!  I'm not by any stretch of the imagination a seamstress, in fact I can't sew a lick.  So my review may not hold much water, but I dig this machine.  It was easy to get up an sewing after maybe a few small snags with the way I interpreted the quick start instructions. Guiding the thread from the spool to the needle was interesting, since I'd only done it once in my life on a pretty old machine.  I figured it out.  The instructions for using the ""Automatic Needle Threader"" weren't working for me either.  I couldn't pull the threader down far enough to reach the needle, so it wouldn't engage.  Come to find out, the ""Arm"" has to be in the ""all the way up"" position, in order to engage the needle threader.  Who knew?  Don't think it mentioned that in the Quick Instruction and I really wanted to be up and running, well...quickly.  Anyway, got that issue figured out and from there it was smooth sailing.  She buzzes like a dream.  Quiet, steady, responsive. (Sounds like a car commercial)  The stitches are tight and even.  The settings do what I would expect them to do, but there's no confusion or complications in trying to use them.  I love this lil' machine.  I say little because the last one I used (back in 1847) was a huge Singer 22-C ([...]  Compared to that, this is small."
"I have not used a sewing machine since I was a kid so I was a little worried that I wouldn't remember how to operate one.  The Singer Stylist did not disappoint!  I read the quick threading instructions, followed the numbering on the machine and I was up and sewing.  Could not be more happy about this purchase.  If you are new to sewing this is the machine to get."
I have always loved to sew and this is the first sewing machine I have owned.  So far it has been great.  I plan to start quilting with it.
"I haven't used this a ton, but when I do it works very well.  It has a lot of different stitches that are fun to use.  My 6 year old son asks to sew on it all the time and knows how to run it, so it's pretty easy to learn."
I have this same model I bought in 1968....I used it a lot back in the day.  It would probably still be working if I had cleaned and oiled it on a regular basis.  But I loved it so much I decided to purchase the same model and so far I am very pleased.  You can't beat a Singer.
"This is my very first sewing machine (excluding my mom's machine from the 70s that had one function and couldn't go through more than 1 layer of thin cotton).  I absolutely love it!  I have put it through the test of a beginner not knowing what she's doing at all.  I love all the different stitching patterns and I am really excited to use more than just the straight line.  I have made a few items, including a beach quilt, a bag, and some jazzed up dish towels.  I was able to use the button feature which was amazing!  I still take it slow when attaching the button itself, but making the button hole is SO easy!  I never would have thought a beginner like me would be able to accomplish that, but its definitely thanks to the machine.  I would definitely recommend this sewing machine to others, especially beginners.  It is a little pricey for a first sewing machine but its worth it!"
"I purchased a refurbished model of this machine on Amazon for a ridiculously low price after deciding I needed something a little easier to use than my 1950s Singer (which sews like a dream, but is a lot more work to thread, adjust, etc).  Despite having the older machine, I am a novice sewer, and this machine has been so easy and fun to use, I've used it like crazy.  I've made half a dozen dresses, a couple of skirts, a pair of pants, a pair of pjs, a robe, about half a doze shirts, and hemmed or altered several items of clothing.  I've learned so much and my sewing has improved considerably in the past 6 months since I purchased it.  I'm about to venture into using the embroidery type stitches soon.  As to material, I've used mostly cottons and knits, with a couple of attempts at shiny rayon, but nothing really heavy weight.  I have had no problems.  I would recommend getting a walking foot for slippery fabrics, but otherwise, I have found this to be a great machine -- easy, flexible, and fun."
"I have sewn since I was 12 years old, and I am now 56. My friends rate me as an ""A"" skill level of sewing.

I found this sewing machine to be wonderful. The ease of learning to use it is wonderful....in some ways it is intuitive to operate. I just sewed a pair of slacks made of a heavy-weight twill, and it went through the task like butter. The instruction manual is extensive, and left me with no questions. The stitching is even. While the machine is computerized and starts with default settings for stitching width and length, i can just use the push button to change the settings. I like this feature because it reminds me to check the type of thread and needle, and age of the needle, so that I can adjust those to the task I am starting that day. While I am not a professional dressmaker, I find that the machine easily sews quilts, curtain-weight fabric, and clothing-weight fabric. The buttonholes look professional, and that quality, is important to me. The price was well within my budget. I would highly recommend it to someone who does all types of sewing on a daily basis. I would highly recommend it to teen-agers who would like to take up sewing as a busy pastime or a stepping stone to a professional career. I enjoy the variety of decorative stitches."
I love my new sewing machine.  i used to sew years ago and now that I am retired I wanted to get back to it.  I learned all I could about different sewing machines and from the information and reviews I decided to try this one.  I have not been sorry. It is so easy to use and sews just beautifully.  It is very easy to follow the instruction book and the price was very good.  Thank you!
This machine has a lot of different stitches which is perfect for a beginner to an advanced sewist.  I would recommend it for anyone who wants to have a dependable machine.
"I bought this a few weeks ago and I've loved it since I got it! It is very strong, and works well. I am very happy with it's performance."
"I needed to replace my old sewing machine and dilly dallied for a while, but itched to start some projects.  Found this sewing machine at Amazon, and the reviews looked great and Best Buy from Consumers Report..what is there not to like??  My anticipation to sew was great!  Couldn't wait.  Even sprung for the next day delivery. Next day came, I was sooo excited to get home on Friday night and play with it all weekend.  Didn't come. The delivery guy wouldn't drop it off without signature.  Ok..bummer.

Monday came, I had an odd day at work, which made me get up at 4:30a.  Ok..at least I would have my new toy....and finally, at the appointed hour I recieved my new toy.  Alas, too tired to fire it up..but had a wonderous time reading the manuals, and watching the dvd.  Got up bright and early this morning, determined to fire it up and burn some rubber/fabric..and lo and behold  THE PLUG WAS WRONG.  This machine was wrapped tight, unused, NEW!!  IT HAD THE WRONG PLUG!!

Called Singer.  After 6 folks ahead of me and 40 minutes later, I whined to the lady on the phone (she was very nice, I must say) and she felt sorry for me, and said they would send me out another cord today.

It will take 7-10 days to get here."
"The sewing machine I purchased had to be returned as it was defective.  The good news is Amazon handled the credit in a very professional manner.

Jim Hodge"
"I purchased this machine to ""Steampunk"" and update my current wardrobe. I was able to complete my first project right away. The embroidery stitches with no mess ups at all. I have not used a sewing machine for over 10 years and this one was like finding an old friend again. I can't wait to make the Halloween costumes this year for my kids. Wow is all I can say."
This is a great sewing machine for beginners or anyone not wanting to spend a ton of money on a home sewing machine
This is a fantastic machine. In the beginning it started giving problems but when it was adjusted properly it works good
"I believe that this could be a good machine, but I did not like how the power cord for the foot pedal plugged in separately on the right side front of the machine.  I sew on a table and the cord was not long enough to go to the side and then under to reach my foot.  If I let it come down at the front of the table where I sit, it hits my right leg.  This would be in the way when I am handling large pieces of fabric and would become tangled with the cord.  Singer really needs to redesign this feature."
"Everything about the machine is great !!!  It was UPS, the delivery company that certainly did NOT meet up to their expectations !!  The driver kept complaining there was No Such Address (NSA)  UPS has delivered to my apartment at least on a monthly basis.  This driver was too busy on a warm day to get out of his truck and go to the other side of the building.  Ever since I've been around buildings have a front and back as well as 2 sides !!  His excuse was ""it's not my normal route"".  I hope his customers on his normal route appreciate him !!"
"For a novice and rare sewer, this machine was intuitive and easy to set up and use. It fit the bill for my needs."
"I am so in love with this machine! It runs so smoothly i adore the features and functions it has. I love being able to control if the needle stops up or down. My sewing teacher advised not get a computerized machine but i did my research and decided to get this one anyway and i seriously couldn't be happier. If your debating about getting it, stop. Go ahead and purchase this machine you will have no regrets."
The Singer Stylist is my second Singer machine. It has met my expectations completely. This purchase was an excellent bargain!  I would recommend the Stylist without reservation.
I love the variety of stitches this machine has programmed into it. The ease of use is amazing. It sews beautifully and the bobbin threader is definitely one of the easier designs.  All over a great machine and this is coming from a relatively novice seamstress.
"the machine sews great! It has  many features, it is easy to understand. It was delivered ahead of time & in great condition!"
I've always been fascinated with sewing but never really gave it into it. Hubby decided to take the leap and gave this machine to me as a mothers day gift! It's an awesome sewing machine!! I love the programmed stitches!!!!
"So far, I am loving this machine!  I am not a beginner seamstress, but I am no where near an expert either! I have found it very simple to use. I am looking for more sewing projects since I had so much fun with my first project!"
"I love this machine, it is portable, but can handle sewing projects from curtains, quilts to heming and general sewing.  Nice specialty stitches, and can be controlled by a foot pedal or push button on the front of the machine.  Multiple speed control button and automatic threader makes this a joy to use."
"My husband and I decided to purchase this sewing machine after doing research on several other brands.  The only drawback about doing research on the internet, is that I could not physically test any of those brands, so we relied on the product award from Consumer's Best Buy. I was excited about the LCD lighting because it was something new for me and my eyesight is poor, but it was the lighting that was poor at best. I needed to finish an upholstery project and the machine would not push the fabric along so I ended up with minute stitches, not the 4 size stitching I chose; therefore I did not finish my project. Then I took in some shorts made from thick fabric, and even then, I had to push the fabric so it would walk on the feeder while the machine shook.

The pros on the machine is that it looks great, its a good size, and does not weigh a lot. It also has a lot of stitch choices. The automatic needle threader is great and the top see-thru bobbin is beneficial."
This is my first sawing machine and I've already did some stitching without previous experience....If it was some other machine I don't think that would be so smooth and easy....
"First off, this is my second sewing machine. I own a Janome mini, it performs good, but has no accessories. The reason I went looking for a new sewing machine. This is my first expierence with a computerized sewing machine. I have to say I really, really like it. It sews very fast and accurate. It has many feet to do all kinds of sewing. Its very easy to tread, and the bobbin winder is very good. I really like the buttons for pedalless work. They are in perfect positions. I have used number 18 needles to sew polypropelene webbing. It did 3 layers flawlessly. I also have used a walking foot and it sews so perfect. This machine has lots of torque. I would imagine it will sew denim no problem. It comes with many feet and other goodies. For the price, I can not believe the level of sewing I can do. Truly a great buy."
I'm a middle-age guy and bought this machine to make some camping-related items like gear bags that I couldn't find in the sizes I needed.  I was truly amazed at the features and quality of this machine for the price.  The automatic button hole feature is awesome to finish draw cord openings!
I have wanted a new machine because my old one no longer had a working bobbin winder.  My friend who is a fantastic seamstress recommended this machine.  I love the ease of the new machine.
"I bought this gift for my daughter. It's a beautiful machine, however I don't think she has had a chance to use it yet."
This is awesome for a first timer. The CD that comes with it explains everything on how to thread it and how to start sewing. Just get some thread.
"I am a beginner when it comes to sewing. I grew up with this brand, because my Mother would never use anything else. So naturally I gravitated towards Singer. I do have to say that I think this machine is perfect for learning. At first everything seems so overwhelmingly complicated but now I'm so glad I didn't get a different version, something more simple, because now that I've caught on, I am so glad I don't have to go out and re-purchase another machine just to have all the functions this one offers! I'm loving this machine."
"I am only giving this machine 3 stars and entertaining changing it to 2 stars. I don't feel it deserves a 5 star review because I have had the machine less than a year (purchased it in Dec 2012) and I just had to take it in to a repair shop because it was out of time. For those of you already thinking I did something incorrect: yes, I was using the appropriate size bobbin, the appropriate size needle for the project and the appropriate size/type of thread. No, I never broke a needle nor did I even run the needle through a straight-pin. Just FYI
The first couple of uses it worked great with no problems whatsoever, but these were pretty basic projects using relatively thin materials (one or two layers of cotton fabrics).
The next project was a little more complicated and involved the use of rip-stop nylon, felt, nylon belting material and velcro. This project I ran in to several problems sewing the nylon belting material and even the velcro. I muddled through the project; frustrated because I had to re-sew some areas several times, due to bunching thread. (yes I checked and adjusted the thread tension several times) Ultimately I just left the defects because it was for personal use and I got tired of sewing the same areas over and over. Even though I was diligent about trouble shooting my problem/reading the user manual, I still assumed it was due to user error of some sort.
The next project I was making a simple beach bag, again using relatively thin materials. The outer bag portion was a little thicker, especially when I added the interfacing, but the inner material was just normal cotton fabric. I again attempted to use the nylon belting material for the straps and just couldn't get the machine to sew a simple straight line of ""heavy duty"" thread (also using the appropriate size needle) without it bunching up. After several attempts I became very frustrated. Luckily, I was at a friends house who allowed me to use her Bernina to sew the nylon straps to the bag as well as top stitching the finished project.
I whipped my brow and kept pushing on with the next project. This one, a simple burp cloth; again using cotton fabrics with a thin piece of batting in between. A new problem arises, the top thread kept skipping stitches. I adjusted the tension thinking that it was too loose (even though I have kept it on the ""auto"" tension since I got the machine)and I figured it was a relatively easy fix. Still skipped stitches. I took the whole machine apart, cleaned everything, as instructed by the user manual (yes, I am one of those that read and follow instructions before sewing or using a new product), changed the type/brand of thread, changed the needle, re-wound the bobbin, and re-threaded the machine. Got about 1/2 way through a straight line and more skipping stitches. Again, friend with the Bernina to the rescue as she allowed me to use her machine to finish a project I was 1/2 way through. I still have 3 more burp cloths pinned together, ready to be sewn...

I will say that this machine is great for basic projects using only the thinner materials. The instant you try to sew anything thicker than a few pieces of cotton fabric, it just can't handle it. I would say that it's nice to have all the fancy built in stitches and the button hole option because it makes for some nice finishing touches to a project, but again, nothing thicker than a few pieces of cotton fabric.
The BOTTOM LINE:
This machine would be good for someone just learning how to sew or just wanting to do some occasional light duty sewing.
This machine won't even hack medium duty sewing projects and you might as well forget sewing anything heavier duty. Some people might consider sewing jean material heavy duty; I wouldn't even attempt it on this machine. I wouldn't purchase this machine for myself again and probably would spend the money on a higher quality machine, with a heavier duty motor and a warranty, like a Bernina or Viking. It is really sad because Singer used to be the best sewing machine money could buy, now it seems like chintzy crap made from china that can't handle more than a few layers of thin fabric. I used to be an avid Singer machine user, but for my purposes this machine is turning out to be useless. To someone else, it might be just what they need.
Please consider the type of projects you will be sewing before purchasing, otherwise you'll be frustrated like me."
Great machine for the price -- does so much more than my old basic machine.  Am having lots of fun learning how it works.
We ordered this machine to get back into sewing and have a few extra stitches to play with.  Works great and haven't had any problems yet!
"Great to learn with. She was able to learn to make slip covers and other things quickly. Machine is very good and durable, especially for the price. Great to learn on."
"Great product.  Only issue i have with it is the ""automatic needle threader""  it is such a process to use, your better off threading it yourself.  There is another version that actually does do all the threading with a push of the button. If your looking for that specific feature, besides that the machine is great."
So smooth and easy to operate.  Love it!  Went through thickness as if it was only 1 piece of material.  I actually chose this machine because of the automatic tension control.  Worked very well.
"I got this around Christmas with the Amazon gift money my Dad gave me, and I'm very happy with it.  I've wanted a sewing machine for a while, and I've used it several times to sew dog toys.  My next sewing project will be a shirt or dress pants."
"Wow!  I am a beginner, and I have to say that this machine is a little smarter than me.  Thankfully, it is very easy to use.  99 different stitches, sturdy construction, and a great value on Amazon.  Thanks so much!"
"I bought this machine after researching several different machines. I had a Singer my mother had given me, it was really old and held together with spit and a prayer. It finally stopped working all together (bobbin reversed itself) After reading other reviews of this machine I was a little iffy, especially after reading about the bobbin issues. After getting the machine and trying it out I realized that the bobbin isn't a simple thing, you actually have to thread the bobbin through the housing before pulling it up. After doing this I had no more problems with the bobbin looping while I sewed. And a major plus of this machine is how quiet it is!! A true pleasure to sew with."
"Previously I've done a lot of sewing, tailoring etc.  These days my sewing is pretty basic, so I wanted a portable, easy to use, somewhat basic machine.  This was a perfect fit for me.  I read lots of reviews on this machine and am very satisfied with this purchase.  The machine performs well and has pretty easy instructions to follow for setting up for different types of stitches, threading the bobbin, etc.  I also purchased the singer universal tote to store the machine in (since it does not come with any type of storage unit) and that purchase was a good choice also......"
"Unfortunately, my home was flooded by hurricane Sandy and I lost my old black Singer machine.  I am 72 now and was a little afraid of the new machines.  However, when one of the local sewing shops advertised instructions on any machine for $20.00, I decided to try the Fashion Mate7256.  I purchased the machine on Amazon, read the manual and to my surprise, was able to do everything the machine offered.  I just love it.  Sandy may have been a blessing in disguise.  If you're an older person who still enjoys light sewing, I recommend this machine 100%."
"Disappointed with Amazon. I didn't get all accessories listed in the order. Instead of a pack of needles I just got one needle. Got only one bobbin whereas the order said four bobbins; only one spool cap instead of three; I checked the accessory box several times to make sure but these items r missing.
Also the machine has lots of scratches."
"As a beginner, I have found this machine to be easy to use. I recently made placemats for my son's class.  The teacher must have thought they were good because he asked me to complete another sewing project over the summer.  Thankfully, I am going to visit my grandmother so she can help.  :)"
"This is my first sewing machine! Not the first one I've ever used (as anyone who ever experienced Home Ec in high school can attest), but the first I've ever owned.

I had a bevy of projects--pillows, curtains, shirts needing tailoring--that were going unfinished because I didn't want to undertake the hassle of hand-stitching them all. Having a machine has, obviously, made all those projects so much easier. I haven't had reason to use any stitch besides the basic straight stitch yet, but everything about this machine has so far proven useful, helpful, and wonderful. It's also small so it stores very easily."
Only giving 4 stars because I haven't used it that much yet so I can't review the entire product. What I have used so far I LOVE. It came with a lot of different feet which is the main reason I bought a new machine. I have my Grandmother's old Brother machine with no feet. Brother wasn't able to help me find any to go on it. After using the Singer and comparing it to the Brother there is no question. I should have bought a new machine YEARS ago! I read about some of the problems others were having but have not had any so far.
Bought this to have at my daughters house. She wants to learn to sew. Set it up and it is so simple yet so adequate I make my grandchildren clothes. It has been a breeze for work with. I have used many different machines and so far my favorite. I hate to admit I have even ordered a second one for my house. Have a good machine but ease and quietness made old machine seen terrible. Recommend to anyone.
"this Singer is a great machine, but is discontinued now by Singers, so was thrilled to find it online at a good price"
"I use this product to make dolls. I found it easy to use, I just have not figured out how to use the automatic threader. I recommend this product highly."
"I purchased this machine in mid April of this year- on a Friday evening (I live in a rural area and only travel to the nearest Walmart on weekends, and sometimes only once or twice a month).  I didn't even get to use it.  I plugged it in , attempted to wind a bobbin and got an E5 error code.  I learned from a rep that I reached on the following Monday that the code (not listed in the manual or on the website) was an electronic malfunction and that I need to take the machine back and get another.
I did this.  I did manage to use that machine for about 45 minutes, when it began a terrible clanking noise coming from the bobbin area.  There was no debris, lint, or thread in the bobbin area, and the machine appeared to sew properly, but I knew the noise was not normal.  Again I had to wait til the following Monday.  The Singer rep stated that this noise was not normal, and that it should be exchanged.  Unfortunately, I was unable to exchange it right away, due to other constraints on my time and not traveling to the nearest walmart for almost 2 months.  When I did finally get it exchanged...again, I was able to use the 3rd machine for a whopping 30 minutes to sew some netting.  It did a beautiful job, but about 30 minutes into the job, it made a whirling noise from the motor compartment, and the foot feed would not propel the needle or feed dogs and gave a C4 error code.  Again, nothing within the mechanism that I could find.  No bound thread, lint, pins, or anything within the vicinity of the needle or the bobin case.  Furthermore, I unthreaded and removed the thread, bobbin/case and it still did it.  It made this sound each time i pressed the foot pedal, though the needle would move up and down when the hand wheel was turned.  It sounded to me like a belt, but I would not get confirmation of that fact, as -again- singer was closed and I would have to wait until they opened again.  Obviously, by this time, I was furious and began searching for that code on the website, in the manual, etc.  When I could find none, I located the ""contact us"" area and found  the number for the US Customer service center.  I had not noticed in the past, but there is notice regarding late calls at the bottom...I have included it for your review.

""1-800-4-SINGER (1-800-474-6437)
Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. C.T.
Please note that our toll free Consumer Affairs line closes at 4pm. Any callers that call between 3:30pm and 3:59pm Central Time will be notified that we will be closing at that time. Any calls that remain in queue will automatically be disconnected at 4 PM. If you prefer you may contact us at talktous@singerco.com.""

I cannot believe that a company as prominent as Singer would put such a notice, much less actually disconect someone who had been on hold waiting for customer service for 30 minutes.  I guess true customer service is a thing of the past, and apparently so is Singer's workmanship & reputation!
I Have been a loyal Singer patron since I was 4 (I still have the machine I remember my mother sewing on at age 3 1/2) and am now 45...They have lost my business!"
This is my first sewing machine.  It is easy to use and learn on.  I like all the stitching options.  Haven't had a problem with it yet.
Great sewing machine for the money.  I am a beginner and have really started using this a lot.  I have made dresses for my daughter and curtains.  Easy to use and works well.
I have to wait until monday to call their service center because the code isn't mentioned in the manual or their website.  I also had a problem with the pedal about a month ago when it was disconnected inside.  Luckily my husband was able to fix that.
"I Have never bought anything worse than this machine. The machine was meant to be like new, but it was damaged and since I received it I couldn't fix it. I am disappointed so much."
Would be most informative to check back with the 5 Star raters after a year to see how many have had trouble. I'm pretty sure ratings would go down substantially.
"I bought this to help make costumes for a local theater company.  I buy thrift store items and modify them as needed.  I have made knickers out of men's pants (including adding buttons and button holes), made tutus for bird girls, am currently taking curtains and dust ruffles and turning them into French Revolution-era petticoats. I've modified vests to make them. (I've also repaired the lining of my husband's jacket.)

Considering that I don't really sew, the things I had made look amazing!  Creating them on this machine has been fun, pleasant, and rewarding. Set up was easy.  The DVD instructional video is extremely useful.  The stitch variety is a hoot (and very useful).

I've had this machine a year and a half, and I highly recommend it.  I chose it because others had mentioned how good the light, DVD, and ease of use.  I appreciate all of these.  I watched the DVD, have frequently  referenced the very clearly written instruction manual, and feel remarkably proficient for being a non-sewer.

In fact, I think I can no longer call myself a non-sewer.  I CAN SEW!!!!

I am extremely happy with this machine."
"This product amazed me coming out of the package.  I was very impressed with the features & ease of use.  (hence me giving it 2 stars)

Then, after only sewing on the machine a few times, I received an E7 error message & the machine just stopped. I was sewing a light cotton material; so I thought it wasn't a big deal.  I looked through the manual - nothing on E7 errors.  I looked on Singerco.com.  Nothing on E7 errors.  I searched the internet - everyone had an opinion on what the error was - nothing was right or worked.  After spending an hour + on hold with Singer (after emailing them & not receiving a response), I finally spoke with someone.  They said they would walk me through resetting my machine.  Well, that didn't work either.  E7 is a generic electronic error message.  So, now I have to ship this machine to NY or NJ because there are no warranty centers in RI or even New England for that matter.  I have to pay for the shipping.  So, I have to spend the money to ship it to get it fixed, but they will pay to ship it back to me (how nice).  Really...

What happened to the days of customer service & satisfaction?  Yes, the product is made in the USA.  Shouldn't that be followed up by a good warranty program?  Shouldn't they want to fix the problem so the customer continues to buy their product or make recommendations to friends?  What's the point in a sewing machine having all these great features, if it breaks & you can't use them anyway?

Mostly everything I get on Amazon is great or easily fixed.  I have not had any complaint prior to this one."
I'm a beginner and this is a great machine. I've had no problems with it and it's easy to learn. Recommend to those who want a nice first sewing machine.
"Wow, what a great machine. It is compact but not small.  Easy to load and thread. sews flawlessly, haven't jammed yet."
"I've sewn on singer machines all my life.  I got into a stupid mode and bought a brother.  It broke, and I ordered the Singer Stylist 7258 from Amazon.com.  It arrived within a few days.  I am so happy with Amazon's ordering process and I love the machine.  The Brother is so light it would move around on the table when I'm sewing.  The Singer is wonderful.  The stitches are great, the user manual is great.  I could do without all the foreign language stuff.  overall great product."
"I bought this with my own money and I was just begging to really know how to sew. My aunt was in the middle of teaching me how to thread my bobbin and then that didn't work, so we shrugged it off at first. Then we threaded the machine and when we tried to sew the error code C4 showed up saying that the bobbin thread was getting tangled up. I had my aunt and grandmother try to fix it for an hour and it still kept bunching up and therefore I cannot sew on it. I was so excited and now I am disappointed and have to return it to get my money back. PLEASE I DO NOT BUY THIS. I DIDNT LISTEN TO THE BAD REVIEWS AND THIS is THE OUTCOME"
"I'm not a very proficient seamstress. I wanted a basic machine with a few bells and whistles to do home sewing projects and repairs.  This fits the bill.  A few special stitches, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to operate it and it stores easily."
love this machine.  so user friendly.  so many stiches and so many uses!  this machine does it all for me
"I cannot rave about my machine enough. Where to start....??? I have sewn 4 quilts, 3 baby blankets, multiple costumes, pjs, and EVEN THICK MARINE VINYL with this machine, and it was no problem. I have broken one needle while making a quilt, but carefully removed it. I do clean it, oil it, and change my needles out so that it lasts longer. Take care of it, and it will do you good! i do not regret this purchase at all! It has saved me in the long run. It's easy to use, just read your manual!! I've seen a couple of reviews downgrading it bc the thread got stuck in the feed dogs, not sure why.  I have had no problems and am very proud of my machine. 2 years old and going strong! Definitely would recommend to anyone!

******UPDATE 12/15/13******
So, I've had a stroke of bad luck with my machine.  I have used it multiple times a week for over two years now, but last night while sewing some pillows, the bobbin thread kept getting jammed up in the feed dogs, and my needle kept hitting either the feed dogs, or the plate around them.  After I used a seam ripper to remove the bobbin thread mess under my fabric, I attempted to resume sewing.  Which is when I noticed my top thread has now stopped picking up my bobbin thread and I'm afraid my timing is off. It has been skipping stitches as well, (prior to bobbin thread getting jammed in feed dogs). I've replaced the thread, the needle, the fabric, & the bobbin... I've adjusted the machine's tension, I've cleaned the machine. I am at a loss as to what else to do.  I don't want to pay to have the machine repaired simply because I plan to buy an embroidery machine within the next month or so.  I am just devastated bc I love my machine so much! any help would be appreciated at this point. I'm also going to post this in the questions section so that I maybe can figure this issue out. :("
"I am a complete beginner, but this machine made it easy to learn the basics. All it took was some good ole' trial and error on my part. Great machine!!!!"
This is my first sewing machine that I have ever owned. I love it. Normally I sew by hand but this makes it so much easier and faster. This machine is so easy to thread and has a wonderful amount of stitches to choose from.
Singer. The name says  it all.  I have never been disappointed in a Singer product.  This sewing machine is a very good machine and easy to use.
"My first project with my new machine was an owl nap blanket. It worked great! Love all of the stitches, and the automatic threader worked perfectly. Also love the top-loading bobbin."
"I sew for fun. This singer works well for my needs. I trust the singer name and am pleased for the most part. However, the bobbin winder broke shortly after I got it. For now, I buy pre-wound bobbins. Have been looking for a separate bobbin wonder, but they don't get great reviews."
just learned how to machine sew and ordered it today. cant wait. :) I also got a universal case for it hope it fits.
"I still haven't opened it, but am so excited to use it. Got here super fast and in great shape."
"I bought this for my teen daughter on a gold box deal.  She loves it.  It has a lot to offer for the money and will do pretty much anything she needs to create her fashions.  This is certainly a best buy for the money.  If I were purchasing a new machine for myself, I would really put this one into consideration.  I have a lot of sewing experience and my daughter is a beginner, we both found it user friendly and a joy to use."
"Machine has excellent features, easy to figure out,  and sews very well. My wife is very pleased....what more need I say!"
"It works great! It's well made and the stitching options are a lot of fun. It hasn't broke down. This is an amazing machine if you don't have a lot of money but you do arts and crafts, or make your own clothing."
"I bought my last machine in 1968 and it was time for a new updated machine.  After reading the reviews on the 7258 Stylist, I couldn't agree more.  The options and ease of use were true.  My old machine weighed a ton!  And this is lightweight in comparison and can do so much more.  The instruction book is very clear and easy to follow.  The variety of stitches offered are a plus.  I am very pleased with my decision to buy this model."
The Singer 7258 Stylist Sewing Machine is exactly what I've always needed (but never knew it). It is easy to use & has enough stitch patterns to ensure that all my home-needs are met.
"Love this sewing machine. I was in the middle of a big project and my old sewing machine decided it was done. My husband told me to buy a new one. So after reading several reviews on various machines, the versatility and cost made it an easy decision. I received it in 2 days (Prime customer) and got the project done in half the time it would have taken me if my old machine had cooperated. I am now taking on sewing projects I wwouldn't have touched with my old machine."
I could hear a clicking noise inside as if it were trying to engage the machine but never did. Also the computer kept glitching with a message saying that the pedal was disconnected when it wasn't.
"I bought this on 2012's black Friday and never opened it until April 2013. I was scared it wouldn't work! but lucky for me it was perfect and not only worked but was as wonderful as I imagined. I've been using it a lot since for home and baby projects. Love the functions, the stitch options, how easy it works, and the accessories that come with it. The only con I've found is the buttonhole foot, because it only works for small buttons and I have no idea how to make a buttonhole without the automatic feature for bigger buttons, but hey, that could be my inexperience rather than the machine.
Overall simply LOVE IT!"
"So everything is going fine, then it's not -- it jammed up.  So I emailed -- they say they'll get right back to you.  Well, as one other reviewer said LOL!  I got no response whatsoever.  So I called once (23 people ahead of me), twice (they cut you off if you're waiting during the early afternoon), and then a third time.  During my 38 minute wait, the voice kept recommending that I send an email, which really began to make me crazy.  Then came a series of questions that suggest that you have done something wrong.  You have to ship the machine at your own expense to the nearest center, which in my case, seeing as how I live in the frontier state of New York, is three hours away.  Oh, and be sure to use a professional packer, because if it arrives in poor condition, they take no responsibility -- and if it isn't your fault (which apparently they get to judge), you might get it back fixed at some unknown date.  And then you wait for the next problem, I guess."
"Got this at a great price, does everything I need, no problems with tension, bobbins, etc.  would recommended to anyone"
I bought this for my daughter as a birthday present to replace an old machine that needed repair. She couldn't be happier! Great purchase!
"I got this sewing machine for mother's day this year. I haven't sewn since I was a child and I was a little nervous so I watched the ready, set, sew! DVD first. Immediately after I was done with that, I wound a bobbin and threaded the machine. Both were very easy to do! I have already made two dresses for my two year old and some pillowcases for a friend! This is the perfect machine from a beginner. It is fool proof!"
"I love my sewing machine - this is the third sewing machine I have ordered from Amazon and I have been very happy with all 3 of them- I bought one for my daughter and one for a friend-and now I have one for myself - it was a wonderful buy and was very reasonable and if I ever bought another one I would buy it from
Amazon!!!+----------------"
"I love this machine! I have been sewing for over 50 years, and with this one you get the best result by far with the least effort. There are two major things I've learned in using it: first, you must follow the manual EXACTLY for each operation. It works like a dream if you do. Secondly, the machine doesn't need, doesn't like, pins. I pin my fabric, then let it chug along at slow speed, and remove the pins as the needle approaches each one. The machine holds the fabric down so tightly that this is easy. Use the reverse and go/stop button instead of the foot pedal; you'll find you're not hunching over, trying to control the fabric - the machine takes care of it all! I couldn't be more pleased with the Stylist."
"I bought this sewing machine for my future daughter-in-law for a wedding gift. It's sleek looking and light-weight with interesting stitching to play around with. I tried it and what amazed me is the auto threading! This is indeed a ""must feature"" for all type of sewing machine! I LOVE IT!!! I know she is going to love it and treasure it for a long time."
"So far I love this one. I had purchased a Brother which turned out to be defective, so went back to the brand I used years ago. It was easy to set up and use. The DVD would be most helpful for someone new to the brand, but it covers many different kinds of machines."
"This may not be a top of the line machine but I love it.  The ease of use, the number of stitches and portability is what I love most about it.  The throat could be larger to accommodate a quilt but I'm making it work.  I recommend buying the extension table if you plan on doing any quilting.  Overall, a sturdy little machine."
"I am 66 years old and have used a sewing machine since I was eleven.  (Now that is a lot of spools of thread!)  This is my very first Singer.  For some unknown subconcious reason, I have always purchased other brands.  My last computerized machine died suddenly of an electric overdose...as did my printer.  So, knowing that Amazon is the best place to shop online, I found a listing for this Singer.  The price was right.  I liked all the accessories that it offered.  It sews just as good or better than any other machine that I have owned in the last 55 years.  I highly recommend it!"
"It has been many years since I attempted sewing. This machine is SO easy to use, and performs well. It has so many capabilities. Besides all the awesome stitch options it also comes with many varied useful feet (embroidery, zipper, Blind hem,) and needles for different materials. I chose it because I recognized the brand name and am so glad! IT SEWS LIKE A DREAM!"
"I am really impressed with this sewing machine I had an Elna for over 24 years, and I found this is the perfect replacement. I would highly recommend it."
"I received this machine as a gift from my husband. I am a sewer who has recently taken up quilting. My current sewing machine is almost 15 years old. I couldn't afford one of the real fancy expensive machines and so I decided to go with this. I love this machine. It is so easy to use. If I can't figure something out I look at the DVD it comes with or go on you tube. I would definitely recommend this if you want to upgrade your machine and not spend a fortune. Unfortunately after having the machine less than a month with many hours of happy sewing I got an error E7 and the machine stopped functioning. I waited on hold with Singer Customer Service for 1 1/2 hours and they told me that it was probably something to do with the internal workings of the machine and would have to have it serviced. There nearest service center is 2 hours from my home and it I wanted to mail it I would have to pay to ship it there. Because I had it less than a month I am returning it for a refund and will look for another machine. Too bad, because until yesterday it was a joy to work with!"
First sewing machine I have ever own that was so easy to work  I seem to always stay in the beginner group but with this machine I sure do have confidents to explore new projects
I just love my new Singer Machine. it makes sewing fun. The DVD is very helpful and I have watched it twice. it even threads the needle. At age 64 this is great.
Drives like a new car. Still need to get to know it better but I'm glad I made the investment.
I am ver happy with this machine.  I do not sew very much but for my needs it is great and was to use.  My sister who does sew also likes it ver much.
"this is the perfect machine for what I want to do with it. light weight, has the free arm and lots of easy to use computerized
stitches. With my eye sight and bifocals, the self threading is the best."
"I purchased a Fashion Mate and was entirely please with it. Amazon delivered it quickly and it was very easy to use, with features I was not used to on my old-fashioned set. Automatic threader! Thread trimmer! So great.

BUT, it stopped working after almost exactly 12 months of moderate use (a few days per month). The repairs were to cost about as much as the machine. I thought, fine - I enjoyed the use of this machine and it is such a reasonable price, I'll just replace it.

The second machine I used more heavily. Almost exactly 12 months later, it just stopped working. Again to the repair shop, with the same result. My shop told me that at this price level, Singer just can't afford good computer components.

This style is a dream to use - for one year. Then you'll either need to replace the computer components (about $100) or replace your machine.

After this, I'm looking for a mechanical sewing machine!"
"I bought the SINGER Stylist.  The machine stopped working after only owning it for 2 weeks.  When I power it on, the display shows ERROR CODE ""E7"".  I was disappointed as I have some projects to complete.  I am also frustrated because I have to pay shipping on the return."
"This sewing machine is NO GOOD. It is useless to me.  It sews by itself and it does it very fast. The only way to stop it is to unplug it.  I hesitate to use it because I don't know when It's going to start to sew by itself. My concern is that it might even hurt me. The sewing quality is not good either. I can count the time I have used this machine, on one hand, within the year that I purchased it. What makes it even worse is that I am not able to return and get a full refund. When I bought this Singer machine I expected a very good and reliable product because of it's name, but I was wrong.  My opinion has completely changed concerning Singer sewing machines."
"First one conked out after 2 years, but wife uses it all the time and loves the easy of use, plus she has a custom sewing table insert that was made for this machine so we bought a new one. She is super jazzed and says this one works even better than the first. Great auto-tension  feature not found on a lot of machines in this price range. Will have to say that singer phone support is somewhat lacking, but machine is great."
"the product is great but not user friendly. for a person with no background in using the set, it was difficult to manage. i ended up donating a brand new machine that i wasn't able to figure out how to use."
"I am a Singer gal. So, when I just could not deal with my old machine, which needed repair, I did my research and found this unit. As I wanted it instantly I ordered it thru Amazon and it was here in 2 days. For what I paid it is a good unit. I was able to start using it right away to make repairs and alterations to clothes & I have started sewing new projects. I hate where the Presser Foot Arm is for raising and lowering as I have always lifted it with my left hand & it was in the rear. Now it is thru & under to the right of foot and the lever seems cheap so I am being very careful. I wanted desperately to get one with a self needle threader, which this had, but it was confusing & it took awhile to get it to work. Thank God for YouTube videos because the instruction booklet & dvd were useless. I like all of the stitch choices and the digital button makes it easier than turning a knob. Threading the machine & bobbin is easy and so far I have not had any major issues. I cannot say that I would buy it again as perhaps I would wait and pay more, but for the time being for what I need it for, and for the price, it seems to be a good choice & will suffice and hopefully last me while. They just don't make them like they used to."
"I got this for my mom almost 2 years ago.  She recently started using it more and the second time she used it, it stopped working!!  The screen repeatedly showed C4 but after we adjusted and fixed everything several times and multiple hours later, it still wouldn't work.  I looked online and a lot of people had the same problem swearing off this product.  I wish I looked at the reviews more because this machine is crap.  Now I can't return it because the warranty has passed and I'm out more money to have it fixed.  You've been warned, no good will come from buying this sewing machine!"
I am quite new to sewing and Singer 7258 Stylist is the first sewing machine that I ever owned. I live in Europe and could not find this machine in my country so I ordered it from Amazon US. In the beginning I wasn't sure if that was the right decision since I had to use 120-220 V adapter and extra cable to get the machine running in my country. But once I started using it I began to love it. The machine is easy to handle and has no complications for a beginner like me. The vast number of stitches gives me the opportunity to experiment and have fun!
"So far-so good!  It's very smooth, very quiet, having a little trouble with getting the buttonholer in the correct place.  Tried calling the customer service number today only to find there were 15 calls ahead of me so I could not wait!  I am hoping that  I can put it in a former sewing machine cabinet I have which is designed for a ""free arm"" machine but I am not sure it will fit!  I sure hope so! I am having fun with it!"
I'm not someone who has experience sewing but this machine has been great!!! Very easy to use. I've learned to like sewing!
This sewing machine has just the right amount of stitches and designs for the average sewer. I recommend it highly.
"I bought a fabric slightly heavier than cotton to make valances.  When I doubled it to hem it, the stitches became loopy and erratic, because the machine could not handle multiple layers of the fabric.  I became frustrated after ripping and retrying repeatedly, and I ended up returning the machine.  It was apparent that it would not meet my needs."
"I had never sewn with a machine in my whole life. After watching the DVD that comes with this machine I was sewing up a storm. I'm not a master seamstress or anything, but I never had so much fun. It really makes sewing easy and I was excited I got fancy stitches."
"Tip of Pin Point that is to be plugged into machine to connect foot pedal broke off with FIRST USE!!!  Grommet on machine at opening of port for Pin Point also broke off machine.  This happened 5 days after expiration of return time policy to Amazon. Contacted Singer Customer Service by email and received their canned reply to seek help from Singer Authorized Service center--of which there is NONE in my state of Oregon.  Nearest authorized service center is 220 miles and over 3 1/2 hours away--alternative option--mailing it at MY expense.

Sears Customer Service was of absolutely no help!  If you have any warranty or repair needs for this machine do not expect any advice of any use from the maker of this machine."
"I purchased this as a gift for my teenage daughter for Christmas.  She had expressed interest in sewing after taking a class in high school.  Since December, she has completed several projects including a shirt for me (yeah flannel) an apron for her little cousin, and a stuffed animal.

Having the ability to slow the speed down was a major draw to this machine.  It has many features but not so many she'll get overwhelmed and it will grow with her for quite a while."
I do a fair amount of sewing and I have enjoyed sewing on my new Singer.  Good quality name.  Order and delivery went smoothly and would recommend them to anyone looking for a machine :)
I love this machine. Well built and full of features. Exceeded my expectations and required no time to be up and running.  I particularly liked the automatic needle threader feature.
"Bought this machine less than two years ago, have not used it much and started having problems with bobbin winding, the needle not returning to the up position when stopped, and the wheel being really tight.  Took to a local place to find out what the problem was and I also called the Singer Company.  Singer company was absolutely no help at all and told me that the filing of the warranty/registration was basically a tool for gathering information.  The company told me that the problem sounded like a belt, and the place I took it too that was the first thing they checked.  Also was told that I would have to have my sales receipt and get the machine to the Wisconsin Singer company, which is 200 miles away in order for them to look at it and that does not mean that the problem would be covered under the warranty. After talking today to the local store that I took the machine to, they think the problem is a shaft that was not properly oiled when the machine was assembled.  I thought Singer was a good company and have now found that the company has been sold so many times, the machines, parts and assembly is all over the world, and I guess that has taken a big toll on quality.  I will never buy another Singer product again and I will be telling my sewing friends not to buy either."
"I have been sewing for 45 years. I bought this machine purely for making buttonholes. I was leery of a computerized machine but decided on this one after a lot of research. I had thought my old machine sewed well until I started using this one, which puts my Kenmore to shame. I don't use a lot of the different stitches, but what I use are good. The straight stitch and overcasting are wonderful. And the machine sews much smoother than my other machine, which wasn't very old. As for the computerized portion, the only problems I've had were my fault. Once I checked the instruction booklet, I discovered what I was doing wrong and corrected the problem without difficulty.

After 4 months, I love everything about this machine, with 3 exceptions. It needs a stronger light, but that has been a problem with every sewing machine I've ever owned. Refilling a bobbin is tricky if you don't guide the thread through your fingers to get it wound correctly. Lastly, the buttonholes haven't turned out much better than my other machine, but I don't make buttonholes much, so maybe it's just my lack of practice.

I would buy this machine again."
"First let me preface this review with the fact that my first Singer sewing machine purchase was the Singer Promise - about $89.00 at Target. I figured a basic starter machine would get me by while I tinkered around sewing little odds and ends and things for around the house (pillows, etc). I was dead wrong - this machine was awful. I had serious issues with loose bobbin thread - and nothing would fix it. I returned it and got my money back.

Then I did my research and decided to put forward the extra money for the Singer Stylist - and let me tell you - it's a NIGHT AND DAY difference between the two machines. This machine is a dream - it's quiet, easy to use, sews beautifully, comes with TONS of presser feet, and the manual is very detailed. It also came with an instructional DVD - which I nerdily watched (and learned many helpful things I did not know!). A few of my favorite features of this machine are: the automatic threader, the needle-up option, a speed control on the machine, and a HUGE stitch variety. You cannot go wrong with this machine!!"
I think we would love the machine but doesn't work.  We called singer company & the man said the machine must be missing a part.
"It works great and is easy to use. The price was right too! My old sewing machine is 41 years old so you can see why I am thrilled about this new, state of the art machine!"
"Some background on me....I'm a sewing machine hoarder!  I probably own 20+ working machines of all ages and brands.  I have machines from a 1901 working Singer treadle to two Featherweights to several (i.e., over 5) modern computerized sewing machines, so I know my way around a sewing machine and know the importance of a machine that is easy to use.

I teach sewing to a small group of 9-11 year old girls who have very little or no experience with a sewing machine, and i've purchased 8 (so far!) of these machines through Amazon.com.  Every single machine arrives in perfect condition and runs beautifully!

This machine is very user friendly, and I have the girls up and running in no time at all!  That's very important to a new sew-er because if there are problems with the machine, they will become frustrated right at the start and then could find sewing a chore instead of something fun.  No such problem with this machine!  My girls especially love the decorative stitches and how easy it is to switch from one to another with the computerized stitch choice panel.  This machine has opened the door to my girls' creativity and is building the foundation for a life-long love of sewing and maybe even a way to add to their income in a few years as they sell what they make.  They've been making gifts for people from the very beginning.  I've even told them that they can sew their wedding dresses with this machine some day!

Another reason I initially chose this machine is the Singer 25 year warranty, something that you don't see in lower-priced sewing machines.  But in the year and a half that I've been buying them and my girls have been putting their machines through their paces, I've never had one issue with any of the 8 that we have!

I HIGHLY recommend this machine!  I'd give it 10 stars if I could!  If anyone gets this machine and has problems with it, then it's most likely a fluke and should be returned.  Or it could be something as simple as incorrect threading or bobbin winding.  There is one part of the threading that takes a bit to learn, getting the thread in the correct place on the wire guide and how to lay the thread for the needle threader.  A little tricky at first, but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature.  if anyone has problems with their Singer 7256, before you return it, feel free to email me and i'll see if i can talk you through the threading!

Happy sewing!

Rita"
"Price was a consideration and the reviews were good.  i just wanted a second machine that was lightweight and could carry elsewhere to do basic sewing. I have not used all of the decorative stitches on this machine yet.
I have tried the applique. The stitch used is good, but the foot that comes with it does not allow you to see your work clearly. An open toed foot would be A LOT better.
I machine piece quilts, and I ABSOLUTELY prefer my 18 year old Bernina for doing this. I like to hand quilt most of the time. I won't be using this one for the little machine quilting I do.

I do like that this has the needle up/needle down feature.

If you are a serious seamstress/quilter, I think I would look into another machine. If I didn't have my Bernina, this machine would probably have been sent back. When I am able to afford a higher level machine I will let this one go.

DISLIKES:
Bobbin thread is hard to thread in the track allotted.
Light is so bad it might as well be non-existent.
It is not a quiet machine."
"Bought thhis machine for my granddaughter for Christmas.  She loved it and has continued to use it often.  She is a beginner at sewing, but has made several different things.  Was a good purchase."
"this is a good well made machine for a little portable one.  The ""self threader"" is hard to use  so I  go back to the old way of threading the needle.  Keep in mind that it is a portable machine and not as good on  real heavy projects that my old  cabinet machine  did.  But for my needs a really good machine.  I would recommend it."
I bought this for my friend to jump start his passion. He was very enthused and the creativity sparked. The shipment was quick and the gift wrap made it pleasantly surprising for his birthday. Thanks!
I love this machine. I used it to make a memory quilt from my mom's clothes. I tried the freeform quilting and I love it. The quilt turned out beautiful and it looked like I had spent hours quilting it. I love the owner's manual too. It is well written and makes the machine very user friendly. My mom was a great seamstress and with this machine I am going to be a better one than before.
"This Singer 7258 sewing machine died after just 9 hours of sewing!  I couldn't believe it.  I couldn't get through to Singer without waiting for an hour on the phone, and the service center that was the closest to us had a phone number that didn't work and the wrong name of the location of the service center. When I finally found a number and the new location of the service center, they were very rude and abrupt and I won't deal with someone like that.  They admitted the Singer had listed the wrong store in the Singer website. I sewed on this machine for 5 hours when I got it and 7 months later got it out to sew on again.  In the middle of sewing it clunked and the thread got caught and it now skips beats, won't sew under any kind of tension.  It is a piece of junk and Singer's service isn't any better.  I'm just stuck with a lemon!  I found a Brother XL-2600i sewing machine for $85 dollars with over 500 reviews at 4.5 stars and I'm going to buy it.  I'll never buy another Singer product.

Later...I wrote Amazon about my troubles with this sewing machine and immediately I got to speak with a Customer Service Rep.  They offered to make this purchase right with me.  They gave me a return label in an email and I sent it back to Amazon.  Their Customer Service is amazing!!  I'm very glad that I buy so much from them. They do stand behind the products that they sell!  For such a big company, this is another excellent part of their company--their good customer service.  I bought the Brother XL2600i for $85 based on over 500 reviews with a 4.5 star rating.  I've received it and it is an amazing sewing machine.  No troubles with this one!"
Great sewing machine.  It is very easy to thread. Meets all expectations.  Glad I made this purchase.  Very easy to use.
"I have been sewing for a LONG time. I have/had several different sewing machines. I can say from experience, that this Singer finally measures up to the Singers from the past. There for awhile, Singer had a lot of products I would NOT buy/own. I work hard and I won't keep anything that functions poorly--I can't afford that kind of wasted money. As an experienced seamstress--I am pretty picky about what my sewing projects look like after completion--and like anything that is quality--my machine is the tool that I achieve that with! I also need to know the machine is an investment, something that will last many years. It has to hold up to many hours of working well, as well as function smoothly. I like this machine, and although it is realtively new now--if the machine lasts for several years--I say this is a definite WINNER!! I believe Singer is on the right track with this model. I hope that this will become another favorite of mine, as I like it's many concepts and designs."
I used to sew a lot 20 years ago and just now started into it again.  Bought this machine planning to do small projects but it does so many more things.  Does great with all fabrics from simple cotton to polar fleece.  I even make dog leashes with webbing and have no problems.  It is important to use the right thread and needle for the decorative stitches but the handy chart in the book makes it simple to follow.  Love that it is so easy to thread!  A GREAT buy!
I love my singer my mom had the old peddle singer for years I even sewed on it when I was little this machine is so easy and it threads so easy I love.
"I am not much of a sewer, but like to hem things from time to time.  With this simple machine, I have hemmed pants and made 2 sets of curtains.  Being a novice, I found it easy to use and it certainly had all I will ever need."
Great little machine I bought this as an upstairs machine and to teach my son and his gal how to sew ...awesome for the money ...just needs better way to ship ....shipping poor needs to be boxed stronger and to make the item private
"I haven't used my SINGER really much and I expected it would be a stronger machine, but I found out that I cannot do heavy projects, and I haven't really try a heavy one, just a little heavy and... The machine didn't really worked for that [ Regular pant ]... It was really disappointing. However, this machine works good enough for standard projects. Besides, it got so many options and are so easy to use that anyone can create awesome stuff.

Finally, I almost pinch my eyes trying to get it to work the first time, setting the thread was a hardcore step."
"Since I am not an experienced sewer, this machine is very easy to use.  Singer has always been around, so therefore, I knew I couldn't go wrong, plus the price was right, and fit my budget."
"My trusty Stylist that I had for 30 years died in the middle of a huge project, so had to get a quick replacement.  Getting used to a new machine will take a little time, but I noticed this machine does not do curves very easily and I am concerned it will not handle thicker fabrics such as wool or fleece. I would have preferred to have an adjustable pressure foot, as one pressure really does not work for all fabrics.  Overall, it is a good machine for a good price."
This is a very nice product for the price and for general sewing needs.  The machine actually does more than we expected for the price.  This machine is well built.
"Great machine.  Comes with DVD to help you remember the basics.  Breeze to sew, not like your mother or grandmothers heavy machine that takes forever to setup.  I have also found that using YouTube tutorials helps you get acclimated with sewing again."
I bought this for my wife who hasn't sewn in years.  She loves the convenience of the auto bobbin feeder! It also has a handy needle threader too!  The instructions imprinted on the top of the machine make it easy to thread the machine for both the bobbin feed and to the needle.  The included stitch patterns are many and easy to navigate.  You can do buttons with ease!  You can also easily adjust the stitch length and width. Nice!
I am just starting out in sewing and this machine was easy to use from the start. I have not had a lot of time using it yet but already made my husband a double fleece throw and a great baby carseat warmer.
I ORDERED THIS MACHINE JUNE 2012 FROM AMAZON AND HAVE SEWED A FEW THINGS. HAVEN'T HAD IT OUT SINCE JANUARY 2013 AND NOW IT DOES NOT SEW. THE ELECTRONIC STITCHES SEEM TO BE THE CAUSE OF THIS . OTHERWISE IT HAS BEEN A GOOD MACHINE.
i don't own this machine now but it def was a great buy and something i miss. My current one does just about the same but this one with 100 Stitches was always fun to play with options.
This was a gift sent to my daughter for her birthday. It came in a timely manner. It seems to be all that she wanted. We live in different states so I don't know anything else.
"Don't have any complaints yet!!  I love it so far, I have made a few curtains with no mishaps, and no broken needles-I am notorious for breaking them!  Super easy to use and I just wish it had an attached thread cutter..."
"great machine for everyday use, very easy to learn and understand, well built with lots of options, not too heavy"
"My wife wanted to get into sewing, having done it as a child watching her grandmother and later in high school.  However, this machine is VERY easy and user-friendly.  It's also very advanced for the price!  She is already ambitious enough to begin making blankets, throws, and pillows - next will be curtains!"
Bought it for my wife's birthday. She loved it! Her old one was worn out and this one had all the features she wanted. Arrived quick and in good shape. Amazon had the best price I could find
"4/3/13: I upgraded to this machine from a previous lower model Singer. I absolutely love this machine. I have sewn on other machines before but this is definitely my go to machine. It is quite user friendly and reliable. I have had it over a year now and have had no issues with it. I love the multiple stitch functions, although I don't use all of them on a regular basis. It is very easy to switch between the different stitch settings. It comes with several different feet which is nice. I also love the top loading bobbin. It makes it much easier to check and see when you are getting low on bobbin thread. The back-stitch (automatic reverse) function on this machine is beautiful. It sews a nice straight line. Like I said, can't live without it.

UPDATE 6/5/18: I originally bought this machine in 2011 and it is still running fabulously. I've been using this machine for almost 7 years and only had it serviced once and I use it quite frequently. It is such a great machine! It can handle several layers of fabric at one time, it sews knits beautifully, and has so many stitch functions that I still haven't used. I love the automatic button hole maker. I still love the top loading bobbin with the clear cover that allows you to see how much thread is left. There isn't much I haven't attempted with this machine. I've used it for large upholstery projects, sheer curtains, a variety of knit fabrics, hemming denim, quilting, minky blankets, and a lot more. It really is an all-around great machine. I've owned other machines but nothing works for me like this one."
Would not sew two pieces of material together let alone do anything worth having. This is a disaster and just does not work.
I have had this machine for a few months now and have been using it off and on. It is capable of multiple stitches and I have had no issues with the timing or any of the other problems some users have stated. I love the versatility of the machine and how many feet it comes with to begin with and that you don't have to go out and purchase multiple others to create a basic set. It has worked seamlessly with lightweight fabrics as well as heavyweight fabrics such as fleece. I would recommend this machine to anyone who is a beginner to a moderate sewer!
My wife hasn't used it yet but she loved it so now we'll wait to see if it works as well as mentioned.
The only negative thing I can say about this machine is this: it was very nice machine for beginner just like me. I can pick up quickly.
"This is a great looking machine and easy to use.  This was an excellent deal, and I'm very pleased with it."
"I just got me this machine and I'm using it, works very well. what I love the most was the price!"
me encanta este producto por la cantidad de funciones de las cuales son muy apropiadas para la creatividad en el hogar
"I learned how to sew when I was younger on an older Singer. I decided recently to purchase my own sewing machine for simple nursery item sewing. For the price point I was looking in this machine is great! It does everything and more than I need it to do. Very easy to work with especially if you've ever worked on a singer before, and the decorative stitching really makes your items look nice! Definitely recommend this machine!"
"My wife is very happy with this singer.  she had some issues in the beginning with the automatic threading, but all in all she is a beginner and the stuff she has made is truly remarkable.  her friend also helped her make some childrens clothes that are better quality than what they sell in the store.  This machine has already paid for itself in less than 1 year."
This was the easiest sewing machine to thread.  Where has this sewing machine been all my life.  It is easy to use too.  Excited to find more sewing projects.
"Love all the stitch designs! Easy to use, the instructional DVD is great for a quick start. Perfect for all levels of expertise."
The bobbin thread doesn't get picked up.  I can't even sew a straight stitch.  Make sure the machine works right away when you get it or you'll be stuck with a useless box.
"I've had similar tension problems to other folks who've rated this machine poorly. Barely even used the machine and the top thread tension just disappears. Took it in to my local Quality Sewing & Vacuum, who have been nothing but helpful and friendly and they were able to find and fix the issue for why my top thread tension was essentially zero (spring on a tension plate was messed up), sewed perfectly, notably the zig-zag stitch (03), which is most notably messed up with the top thread tension gone, since the bobbin thread is just a straight line. Less than 2 minutes back at home, and I hear a loud pop and the tension's gone again. Using simple polyester thread and thin woven cotton fabric, just to test it out. How frustrating, as a new sewer. I thought I was getting a great starter machine; turns out I was just getting a headache.

I'll just go buy a machine from QS&V instead. At least they know their machines work."
"I chose ths machine because of the reputation of the Singer name,  It has lots of different stitches, and I believe the price was right."
I purchased this as a gift for my wife.  I am very ignorant when it comes to sewing but my wife is not and she loved it.  She was impressed by all of the extras it had.  She has used it several times since Christmas mending pants and making curtains.  I would recommend it to others.
"I bought this to replace my other singer. It had the same set up as the other one which was nice, but as soon as I tried to wind thread into the bobbin, the mechanical spin was not smooth so my thread was uneven. I tested it on material and it didn't go over the thicker part of the hem well at all. I did like the things that it came with, but I returned it."
"I love everything about this machine. Am enjoying it very much. For my needs, it is great and the price was a steal, too. It goes for well over $100 more at the well-known fabric store we all have shopped at. Starts with a ""J."""
"I love this machine. I am a die hard Singer Sewing Machine User, so when my old one quit working I never thought twice about getting another one. Got here in like 2 days"
Smooth operating machine! Easy for beginners. You will not be disappointed with it! I'm sewing everything in sight! LOVE the button hole maker!
Purchased it for my daughter. Nice DVD tutorial. She used the machine the first night and is very please with the results. She was able to trim down a sweatshirt to fit. Very modestly priced for all of the features that this machine offers.
"Arrived right as scheduled.  Exactly what i was looking for.  Very easy to set up, use, easy to store. Very happy with this purchase."
"Its a Singer... built like one, runs like one, easy to use, cheap to maintain.  Good quality, no complaints at all!"
"I have nothing negative to say about this machine. I absolutely love it and you can NOT beat the price, even brand new. I was nervous about purchasing based on negative reviews, but I haven't had any problems at all with this machine. I've sewn all types of material so I'm not sure what people are sewing to cause the issues they experienced. Overall, for moderate to heavy use it's perfect!"
"I had ordered another brand sewing machine from Amazon a few months ago. Although I used that exact same model machine at a friend's house, sewing on it all day, winding bobbins on it, threading it, etc., without any problems, the machine I ordered was a LEMON! It made noises, jumped, and would not sew correctly no matter what I did! At my request, Amazon exchanged it for this machine without any cost to me!!! (I LOVE AMAZON!!!) This machine is a WINNER!!! Sews much prettier stitches than the other brand, bobbins wind easily, threads easily, and never hangs up!!"
She loves it.  I bought it as a Christmas gift but wasn't sure exactly which one to get.  I reccomend this one.  She is getting better everyday with it.
Purchased this Singer machine for my wife and she loves it! Order included several other items that either were shipped in the same box or via separate shipment.  All arrived at the same time and exactly as ordered and expected.
great machine. so far so good. the only thing i want to say is there is no extension table for this machine per singer. might make quilting a bit hard. great value!!!! thank you!
"I bought this machine so replace an old one I had so as expected I compare it to my old machine.  I've had my machine approximately one month and do love the many features it has.  I LOVE that you can choose to have the needle stay up or down when you stop sewing.  The backstitch feature is easy to use but does take a little getting used too. Definitely enjoying the needle threader.  I haven't had a chance to work with all of the various stitches but the ones I've used so far turn out really nice.  The DVD that came with it is not for that particular machine it is just a ""generic"" for any of their machines.  I would have preferred it to be based on my machine's particular features.  The main thing I don't like about the machine is the lighting which I consider to be very poor.  Compared to my old machine there doesn't seem to be quite as much workspace area under and around the sewing area.  Overall I would recomment this machine."
"THE MACHINE WAS MUCH LIKE I EXPECTED.  I ENJOY SEWING WITH IT. I HAD A SINGER YEARS AGO, THEN GOT A BROTHER AND USED IT FOR SEVERAL YEARS.  THIS MACHINE IS FUN TO USE. I HAD HOPED TO BE ABLE TO USE IT IN THE CABINET I GOT FOR MY FIRST SINGER..BUT WILL ENJOY IT ANYWAY.."
"This sewing machine was super easy to set up and the directional video was informative. Great for beginners like me. All the accessories are easy to use, makes sewing fun!"
I have been a Singer fan for some 45 years- this model is just perfect for my friend who wants a machine that is simple to use as well as versatile if she wishes to use some of the different stitches it features or make a nice buttonhole! I recently bought a Singer Confidence which I find is reliable and provides me with some versatility.  I love that the Fashion Mate 7256 has so many nice features such as the freearm which my friend will use to make her 2 granddaughters little clothes!
"This was a gift to my daughter for Christmas, she loved it, but after using it for almost three months it stopped working.
 She found out there were several people that had the same problem. She had to send it in for repair at a cost of
  shipping to her.  A little disappointing to her and me.  Singer was the best at one time, now I wonder.....Sally"
"I just got my Stylist Singer yesteday and started sewing on it today.  Well about an hour into sewing, it just stopped.  I got a C4 error, so I took the bobbin out and redid that, still C4, went to redo the top thread and when I went to use the automatic threader, it would not work.  I am sooo disappointed.  I spent days going back and forth as to what machine to get, since money was tight and I picked this one because consumer digest rated it #1.  I just had a feeling in the back of my head it would stop working.. I should of went with the Brother machine. Now I have to wait til monday to call to see if I can get it fixed or what!!"
I love this machine. Easy to use and the manual is very user friendly. It's a good machine for an experienced sewer. The DVD is good as a refresher course.
"Note to buyers:  I have been ordering things obsessively from Amazon for years and my friend told me to buy this sewing machine.  At first I bought it used because the price was much less expensive than brand new.  It came without a box and without a power cord.  When I spoke to customer service, they were very little help just telling me to order a new one and return the old one....  I was so disappointed because I couldn't get started when I wanted to but I did return it, waited close to two weeks for a refund then bought a brand new one.  The new one is awesome!  Lots of nice stitches on it and very easy to load and use"
"I'm delighted with this machine.  I learned to sew on Singer machines, but have had a Bernina for more than 40 years.  I don't sew like I used to but wanted more than a bare-bones machine and this one fits the bill at a very nice price.
Thanks!"
Great machine...now if it could only talk and teach me how to sew.  Pretty simple to understand booklet comes with it.
"I love this machine, it is easy to use & has many features that I am looking forward to using. I got this model only because it has a drop in bobbin instead of a push in, that alone is worth the extra $$ I spent!"
"was using a 10+ yo brother--it was ready to retire...this machine is awesome!!!  very smooth sewing, easy to use, lightweight (compared to the brother).  i love the auto needle threader and the stitch lock button.  did i mention the bobbin?  a clear lid so you can see when you're getting low, and the easiest bobbin to thread ever!  i haven't used many of the stitches yet, but i'm getting projects lined up!"
Sews very smoothly & quietly compared to my old sewing machine.  The features of this sewing machine are excellent for the price.
"Easy to use, good instructions.  I have not had a chance to really use it extensively, but I have always been a good believer in the Singer product."
"I am an amateur at best when it comes to sewing
So I cannot address the numerous features this machine has
But for the basic sewing I have used it for so far, it has performed flawlessly. Operated just fine after I broke a needle when I accidentally sewed across a hidden metal rivet...

Very easy to set up
Not a single problem so far (compared to the Pfaff that cost 5 times as much and would break down literally every few minutes of sewing)

Outstanding value"
I bought this to replace a small machine that I carried to quilting club and other places and used in the RV.  This one is so much more versatile.  It is light weight enough to haul around and does almost everything my bigger machine does.
"No problems so far with my first ever sewing machine. I thought it would be easier to just buy one, take a quick course and learn how to alter my own clothes and make simple things for the home. Great looking machine, easy to operate. Love it"
"I am extremely disappointed with this machine.  I received it as a gift.  I opened it today to use, and am completely unable to wind the bobbin for more than 3 seconds before the machine stops, beeps, and displays an error message.  I know how to wind bobbins and I cannot think of anything I am doing wrong.  This error message is not listed in the user's manual, nor can I find any information about it online.  There is no way to clear the error message besides turning the machine off and on again.  I have tried 10-15 times and each time the same thing happens.  The Singer customer service number on their website is OUT OF SERVICE, including the Canadian number (tried that too as a last ditch effort).  I called Amazon and they told me that the return period for this item has expired, so there is nothing they can do.  They advised me to get the machine repaired through the company under the warranty.  I looked on their website and there are no warranty centers in my entire state (and I live in Massachusetts- it's not like this is a sparsely populated state).  I give up!  This machine and the Singer company are unbearable!  I suggest you buy a machine from a company that at least still appears to be a soluble company."
"I haven't yet had opportunity to use my new sewing machine a whole lot, but from what I have done with it I like it. Even with the little bit that I have used it, it has already proved to be very well worth the price that I paid for it and then some. I would certainly recommend it for anyone who enjoys sewing."
"First of all, this is NOT the seller's fault.  Dealing w/Singer DOES NOT WORK (and that is the polite way to put it)!!!  I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  Shortly thereafter she attempted to use it and it would not work properly.  My daughter 'attempted' to contact Singer several times....waited on hold 60 mins first time, then 65 min second time...finally after a third attempt, Singer determined it was a foot pedal problem.  Told my daughter she would have the new one in 7-10 days.  It has now been 6 weeks and no word from Singer.  She again waited almost an hour for someone to take her call this morning and they are now telling her that the foot pedal MAY be delivered some time in Apr!!!  My granddaughter now owns a sewing machine she has not been able to use YET.  And what if the pedal is not the problem???  Then what??  Her warranty will be up before she sews a stitch!!!  So far I am not impressed w/Singer!!!  If I could, I would return this and buy something different!"
"Easy to use, I am still learning but this machine is patient with me.  I love having the different options and designs to choose from as I sew."
I bought this to do small repairs and adjustments on new and old clothes and it has paid for itself in probably the first 3 pairs of pants that I have adjusted versus what it would have cost at a tailors.  Easy to use and set up and very full selection of stitch options.
It's user friendly and very smooth. I've only used it twice so I can't give you anymore than that. Thanks.
"I had a baby girl who I wanted to sew dresses for.  My mother is an expert, sewing her whole life & has owned a very successful alterations shop for 30yrs but I am a novice & know very little, never had much interest in sewing.  My mother in law got me a little sunbeam for Christmas, it was very easy to use, very portable & I started making dresses. I couldn't finish any of the dresses @ home as the sunbeam only did straight stitches so I would have to go to my mothers shop to finish the hems & put in zippers/buttons.  This got to be a headache so I decided to get another machine.  This one seemed great: portable, easy to use, fancy stitches I could embellish with if I wanted, inexpensive & came with all the feet I could want. I opened it up, slightly intimidated by all the options I watched the video, read the manual & now feeling confident loaded the puppy up.  It didn't work.  The bobbin thread didn't catch. Looked it over, the bobbin-winding spindle was in the proper position, needle was in right, bobbin in right, threaded right. ???  I took It to my mother she looked it over.  the machine is broken the factory preset bobbin tension is off.  So I am returning it as defective & getting a new one.  Hopefully will update with better results.  UPDATE: Got the new machine, easy process btw, delivery guy picked up the old one for return as he was dropping off the new one 2 days after I requested a new one.  The machine works great, very quiet & smooth running.  Love all the feet, already used the zipper foot & rolled hem.  So many extra's come with it. Very detailed instruction manual & video so the mchine is quite easy to use even as a beginner.  Looking forward to playing with all the stitches.  Highly recommended."
"In the beginning this product was amazing.  It was an upgrade from my older Singer and I was sewing up a storm.  It handled heavy duty fabrics, the decorative stitches were pretty but then as of lately my bobbin case just pops out and jams the machine.  I've tried everything from cleaning the bobbin case and the other areas.  I thought I might need some oil so I used a q-tip and lightly oiled it, nothing works.  The stitches start shortening in length and I can't find parts for it.  It's frustrating especially when I have things to do and orders to fill.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong, I don't know what's wrong with it."
"This is a first on writing a review, but I'm so upset right now with Singer and Amazon! My mom bought this on Dec 20th, for me for Christmas..I loved the machine at first, until the timing went out, after not even 2 months. I contacted Singer, 2 hr wait on that call, to be told what the problem was. They said I had to take to a singer dealer that fixed them. Closest one is 2 hrs away. I contacted them and was told that I had to bring it in and could not ship to them, since I did not buy from them. The guy even SAID, if it was him, he would return it and buy a different brand..Also let me state that when I asked for the supervisor at singer over the rep. that talked to me, she gave me the first names of two, but said they do NOT have phone numbers to call them..Okay I'm not stupid and sure do not want anyone to talk to me like I am! No phones, really?? Was not hard to google the last names of these two supervisors. Sent off THREE emails. two weeks later still not a response! Contacted amazon about returning as ONE, NOT happy with singers way of business and TWO, don't feel I want something after not only 2 months as already broke. Amazon said that since, and yes it was 2 weeks PAST the window date to return (mind you not even 2 months old) that I would only get 50% back on this purchase! Can you say messed up all the way around!? IF you do NOT have a singer place around you to fix this, DON'T BUY! Trust me I learned my lesson good with this, also better second guess your buy with Amazon IF it is a product such as this that has a warranty with it! Not happy at all with singer OR Amazon right now.."
"The machine has more features than you would expect for the price, but I didn't like the Needle up/down function. Sewing was OK, but not great. Threading was great. Motor was a little loud. I ended up returning for a refund."
"Very cheaply made. It arrived with a broken piece, got that fixed for $45.  Within a week of owning it, it broke.  Got that fixed.  Needles broken and bent = 2.  Hangs up on pins. Won't push heavier/thick fabrics through without raising the foot.  Thought this would be a good inexpensive starter machine, Boy was I wrong!"
Great product! Super buy! Product is of great quality. Sews various materials easily. Would highly recommend. Looked at other sewing machines and this seemed to be of better quality.
"I bought this because there were good reviews and the ""brand"" reputation.  I have never had so much trouble with a machine.  Keep looking, save yourself many headaches!  It is very fussy.... when you try to switch stitch styles it will often do a hybrid form of the last one you were on and the new on, you have to turn it on and off between changes to prevent that.  Bobbin knocks and bobbin thread often comes off the little hook screwing up the back side of your sewing.  All the fancy things it says it does, only half the extra feet etc work like it says it will.  More than anything I just want a machine that can sew a straight line constantly!  With the bobbin issues, I am pulling my hair out with every project... looking for a new machine again right now, and it is a shame as this one is only a few months old :-("
"I like this machine for several reasons:  The needle up and down feature, the ability to use different weight threads for the top stitch and bobbin thread,the tension is very controllable if the threading is done exactly as the instructions dictate, the disc is a great help - informative and a great sewing review, the variety of feet are adequate, automatic needle threader, can use metallic thread as well as ribbon (directions for ribbon on disc) easily, and reasonable price.

There are few cons: the feed dogs do not go down. The plastic plate provided to cover the feed dogs uses up fabric space and sometimes flips out of position.  The plate to clean the bobbin case area is a little difficult to remove as it does have 2 screws instead of the more convenient pop-out type.  The key type screwdriver is very awkward to use! Every other feature is out standing. It was a great buy and I am enjoying it so much."
"I can't really comment about the sewing machine yet.  According to all the other reviews I read, it's a great little machine.  I bought it for my wife for Christmas.  Here's what I can tell you, though - it comes in a really nice box.  It's not too big, but not too small either.  The top it nice and flat, so it's easy for me to stack things on top of it.  I do that a lot, since it's still sitting in the corner of our dining room where my wife put it right after Christmas.  When I'm carrying stuff around and don't have anywhere to put it, I just pile it on top of the box.  No matter how high my pile has grown, this box has provided an excellent, stable base and has carried the weight well.

There's also a really nice picture of the sewing machine on the box.  This is a good thing, since occasionally my wife sees the picture and remembers that she really wants to get the sewing machine out of the box and have her mother teach her how to use it.  You see, we have this big roll of fabric sitting in another corner of the dining room.  She bought it a couple years ago to make curtains.  I don't like the roll of fabric because I can's stack things on top of it.  But let me tell you, this box is awesome.

I am remaining positive about the situation and do believe that in good time my wife will get out the sewing machine and use it.  When that happens, I will update this review as I'm sure she'll be very happy with it.  And please don't think I'm ragging on my wife.  She's an awesome wife and a wonderful mother who devotes most of her time to caring for our three kids - and in my book, time with the family is far more important than making curtains.  But I do have fun teasing her about the box..."
"She loves it.
So much better than the previous one she had (a different brand).
She already made a quilt in a week of work."
I have been sewing every day since Igot it. Iam working on a quilt and I love the Automatic Threader and being able to see the top load Bobbin.
So far this machine has exceeded expectations.  I'm finishing up my first sewing project ever (a quilt) and love this sewing machine.  I'm so psyched to start trying all the specialty stitches.  I highly recommend this machine.
"I bought my Stylist singer machine last August online.  I made one pajama outfit and did a few clothes repair. By the first week in January 2013, my bobbin thread wouldn't pick up from the top thread.  I finally took it in for repair and the repair man said  ""Timing was all off"". He informed me after he did the repair work that there were a few loose screws. It cost me another $71 to get it repaired"
"Excellent product, super silent (worth the extra $). Amazon shipped fast and safe. Machine is worth every penny!.

The Extension table is ""NOT"" part of the product (this was not made clear).

If you are comparing models 20$ less than this one? - go for this one as you will not regret this decision."
"Ease of operation, lightweight, partner loves it especially after using her older (20yr) machine. Only down side was there was no mention of operating voltage in add so had to purchase a step up inverter for Australian power supply. Otherwise great value."
Product came broken and had to take it for repair. The repair was covered but still a headache to deal with.
It works like a champ. Very easy to use and set up.  I am using it to make money on Etsy.
"i purchased this machine via amazon.com approx. 2 years ago...easy to use...luved it.....the only problem is that it has recently died...it no longer stitches....there are no repair people who will work on electronic sewing machines in 100 miles from here so now i am going to have to buy another sewing machine...(i did everything i could do by myself with no results)...but for these past 2 yrs it has been great! i love the needle threader and all the other little luxuries it comes with.....i would recommend it, but be aware it may not last for a long time"
I really love this sewing machine. It is so easy to use.  The manual is easy to understand and apply. I am glad I chose this machine and would recommend it.
"i ordered this machine because i was tired of lugging my 25 yo machine in for repairs. This machine does exactly as described,many stitches to choose from, many presser feet also.  i researched several machines before i chose this one, and singer is still a great brand. the price of 165.00 was very reasonable. love to use with out the foot pedal, and different speeds with and without foot pedal. will sew over jean material (seams) without difficulty,and love the threading of the machine (dont have to use my glasses). have been sewing up a storm!"
"the case of the sewing machine is rubbing on the, back wheel.
if I sew for long it gets hot."
I got this for my daughter for Christmas.  She has used it already and loves it.  It works great so far. :)
I have just began to sew by  eachig myself. This sewing machine is so easy to use and friendly to a person who has just began to sew. I would recommend this machine to others who are beginning.
The machine arrived by UPS before Christmas packed in a plian brown box which thankfully disguised the contents (thank you Amazon).  The disappointment came the day after Christmas when the machine didn't work properly leaving bunches of thread on the bobbin side.  The instruction book and the video insisted that the problem could be remedied by rethreading the needle properly.  After my wife retreaded the machine many times I tried my self several times to the point of insanity (doing the same thing over and over expecting differnt results).  I went to a local sewing center that sells Singer machines and spoke to the sales help about the problem and was shown how to thread the machine (exactly how my wife was doing it).  I returned home and contacted Amazon for the return and reorder.  This was very simple and we were surprised at how fast Amazon responded with a replacement.  The replacement is working just fine and my wife is busy with a set of window curtains.  Thank you Amazon and shame on you Singer for shipping a untested defective product.
after some frustration with a very old singer i bought this. it is sooooo great.  the variety of stitches is fantastic and the instructions explain some of the programmable stitches and how best to use them.  i had to buy all new bobbins but its a small sacrifice.
"This machine loads easily, follows a very simple method for choosing stitching, and seems to be an all-around reliable tool."
I absolutely love this machine. I especially like the automatic stitch settings. No more trying to get all the fiddly little details like thread tension perfect. The machine does it all for you. And the needle down option is wonderful. Perfect for removing pins as you sew.
"I bought the Singer Stylist based on all the great reviews on Amazon. This machine does not sew thick materials. You can't sew denim or anything with batting.

I wish I got a Janome instead."
"This is my second machine of this kind. I loved my first one so much that when it wore out (lots of use) I wanted to replace it with the same machine.

This machine has 60 different stitch types, including 5 auto button holes. To date I have used about half of them in various projects and all of them in little spots here and there. Most of these stitches are decorative (not necessarily functional) but they are fun. This machine is fairly intuative and has a good owner's manual that explains the rest. It has a chart with stardard stitch lengths/widths as well as the limits of each stitch, and spends half the manual showing each stitch, what it looks like, where it is commonly used, and any special instructions you need.

This kit comes with 3 bobbins, a key, a convertable sewing foot, and the auto button foot and a zipper foot. It also comes with a set of needles, a small bottle of oil, and a cleaning brush, as well as an upright spool holder and tops.

The machine is pretty quiet in operation, even when at full speed. I highly recommend this machine for anyone who is getting serious about their sewing projects."
"I got an unbelievable deal on this machine, and couldn't be happier. I am an expert seamstress, and this machine does everything it says it will. I especially love the various stretch stitches, which allow me to shorten yoga pants and put what looks like a factory finish on them. I would recommend this to anyone except people who do a lot of very heavy weight and upholstery fabric, as the machine is for home use rather than commercial use."
"My Brother sewing machine ""died"" a week before Christmas.  I guess I wore it out, because I sew a LOT.  I really loved that machine, so I began searching for a replacement.  The Singer offered most of the same features for less money and a MUCH BETTER warranty...so I opted to switch back to Singer.  I've had a sewing machine for over 40 years - always a Singer until I bought the Brother 2 years ago.  This machine has a beautiful stitch, seems more sturdy (I think there are more metal components), and I was up and running in about 30 minutes.  In the last 3 weeks, I've already made about a dozen items/garments with this machine, including some applique with the zig-zag stitch that turned out beautifully!

There are TWO features that I had on the Brother that this machine does not offer... variable speeds for sewing (besides the foot pedal), and the needle does not stay in the fabric when you stop stitching.  I really liked that feature, but it would not be enough to make me choose another brand at this point."
"After only making my 4th project the bobbin holder came completely detached from where it is supposed to be.  Now the return date has passed by 3 months and I will have to scrap it or pay more money to take it to a singer specialist.  When I called the Singer hotline there were 18 people ahead of me waiting, so I finally gave up.  Apart from the bobbin holder problem, from day 1 the thread frequently got stuck inside the bobbin device requiring me to rip out stitches too many times to count.  Sewing can be enjoyable, but with this device it's horrendous!"
"At first I thought the electronics on a sewing machine are just a whim but I must admit I am impressed. The stitches the this machine can do are unbelievable. Got perfect stitches with tension control on auto. I have previous experience with sewing machines so it only took me a couple of hours to start using it (watched the DVD, read the manual)."
"Mary loves fabric and fiber. She is a knitter, a weaver and a seamstress.  In the past when she would sew she either used her mother's sewing machine (a 1940's model) or her ""sewing machine"" (a 1950's model). Of course, they lacked today's technology. I gave Mary this machine for Christmas 2012. For the last month she has been practicing with her new machine. With this machine a creative itch is about to be scratched.  She has mentioned to me how easy it is to use.  She is thrilled to have so many options. At Christmas this machine was on sale. I bought it for under $140. A small price to pay for so much happiness.  She absolutely loves her new Singer 7256 Fashion Mate sewing machine."
"My daughter uses it and initially was overwhelmed with the many features and functions that are available, but once she used it a couple of times... she loved it."
"She has not told me one negative thing about this since she received it for Christmas.  Must be great!  She loves using it.  Used to have a ""White"" sewing machine from Walmart and this thing is incredible according to my wife."
"Used this machine for about an hour. Brand new out of the box. After waiting on hold for Singers helpline for 116 minutes, I was told in a conversation that lasted all of 45 seconds that a gear was broken. I could send it back to the repair center, BUT had to pay S&H to get it there."
"Higly reccomend truly love this machine, great accesories, also got the case for it great price fast shipping and great item so far"
"Got this as my first sewing machine and really like it, no complaints. Works for all types of fabrics and like the variety of stitches!"
"Bought this for my daughter-in-law and she has had some issues with it.  I have a Singer (30 years old and still working) but the new ones are a little over my head as well.

Need better manuals but we have worked through it together."
"I haven't touched a sewing machine in over 25 years, and I found it to be relatively easy to get set up and start sewing.  The only thing was the automatic threader I found difficult. Could not figure out how to do it, but was able to just put the thread thru the needle myself.  I'm working on my first quilt and so far so good.  I think its a gread buy for the money.  No need to spend more unless you want embroidery capability.  I want to get a good embroidery machine but when I do I will keep this one for regular sewing."
"- very easy to use (simple)
- the color very suitable
- lighter and can be taken anywhere
- elegant"
"This is my very first sewing machine after taking an adult ed class.  i followed directions (nervous!) and was able to thread both the upper and lower thread with ease.  I fixed a broken zipper and changed the presser foot just by reading directions.  The pamphlet is readable even for me.  So far, so good!"
Great price. This is an amazing sewing Machine. I am a beginner sewer and this machine has made it super simple to do. I have made so many things already with it.
"Nice and light, quiet and very user friendly.  I have not tried all the gadgets yet, but so far worked great on several different materials."
"She loved this and is very  happy with it!  My granddaughter loves to sew costumes for plays, so this machine is exactly what she needed!"
This was a gift for my daughter in law who has made many beautiful things with it.  Especially for my Granddaughter.
Easy to use. Good quality! My 8 year old can operate it and has been making beautiful projects. Lots of stitch options.
Husband got this for me as a Christmas present and I love it! It is a basic machine but has all the functionality you need!
"I love this machine so far! I'm new to sewing, but it's this machine has made it easy for me to get started! The directions are very straight forward."
"Great machine - so much I purchased one for my mom.  Quiet, smooth operation and love the auto bobbin and threader.  Makes life so much easier.

Two extra comments: you need to full raise the needle to get the auto threader to work.  Second, DO NOT CALL Singer after 3:30 CT.  If your call is not answered, even though you are in the que, they will disconnect the call and say they are now closed.  Nice, huh?  So being number 17 at 3:35 was not good enough at 4:01."
Love this sewing machine!  It has the ability to do all I want it to.  I like the stability of it and how easy it is to thread and maintain.
"I was very excited about the arrival of my machine, only to be quickly let down. I received an E2 error message when winding my bobbin- within the first 5 minutes of use. I searched the user manual which did not provide any information on error messages. I watched the DVD, and did not find any instruction for resolving the issue. I tried calling the customer support line, and couldn't not get through. When I was finally able to get through, their offices were closed for day and wouldn't reopen until the following Monday.

I am very disappointed with the quality of instructions and support provided. The instruction manual and the DVD are not specific to the model.

I guess what they say is true, they don't make them like they use to. I'll be returning my machine and selecting a different brand."
"Being the beginner of all beginners, when it comes to sewing, I am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase. I have absolutely no experience using a sewing machine and when I got this machine I was afraid to even touch it. After reading and following the directions, I'm happy to say that I have threaded the machine, wound a bobbin and already destroyed my first project! And it was fun! The machine works great! The directions were easy. The push button select is easy to follow. Setting up and treading the machine was a breeze. It comes with a lot of accessories. It's not too heavy. I would highly recommend this machine to any beginner as well as people who are experienced in the craft. Now that I signed up for a sewing class for beginners, I can't wait to really get started. : )"
Haven't sewn since I was in jr. high.  Love this machine.  The ease of use.  The design.  The size.  Everything!
"I do really love the machine. It sews so quietly and easily, not to mention that it has it's own needle threader.  Very easy to operate, even if you are new to sewing.  It's light weight, it you need to move it from place to place, yet stays in one spot when using it.  It does not vibrate when sewing, just quietly purrs along."
"I am a novice sewer, I was able to open the box and get sewing right away, I am only giving it 4 stars for now as I haven't really tested it to its full potential!  I've now had this machine for almost a year, I have made several quilts and other sewing projects, for a beginner, it is a great machine, very easy to use and very reliable, I love the automatic needle threader, but what I am discovering, is that I really don't need all the computerized stitches as I do mostly quilting and non decorative.  Also for quilting, I would recommend a much larger machine and a sturdy table.  I will get a bigger machine for quilting, but this will be my go to machine for my other sewing projects."
"I have already used this Machine a lot,And i must say i love it..For the price you cannot beat it..With all the designs to choose from,It makes sewing fun!!"
"I love my new sewing machine. So simple to use! I hadn't sewn since home ec 35 years before, but it all came back to me with this simple machine."
"I bought this for my fianc. She was able to get started with it right away, and has really enjoyed how easy it is to thread, and work with. Lot's of projects in the future."
I am very pleased with my Singer Sewing Machine!  Cannot wait to get started on the many projects that I want to make!
"I purchased this sewing machine to replace my old Janome, i have to admit i was nervous about making the wrong choice, but I absolutely LOVE this singer. Its so easy to use, and quite, moves along like a dream. I would recommend this machine for beginners all the way to intermediate sewers."
I purchased this for my wife for Christmas she loves it. Good price. Great shipping. Would recommend for anyone who likes to sew.
Perfect Starter sewing machine. Only downside 110V only! I bought this for my 15yr old and she loves it and uses it a bunch.
"I have only used the machine once so far, but it seems easy to use and I love the foot pedal.  I love the instructional DVD so you can get familiar with it in the beginning,"
"*4/26/2013 Update: So far my third repair is working and after nearly 4 months I have not had any more issues. I am upgrading my rating to 4 stars as other then my bobbin case issues the machine is great. But I still stand by doing your research and checking to see that you have an authorized service center near you before buying this machine. You should be able to find this out by visiting singer.com

Be careful about buying this machine if you live to far from an authorized service center.

This machine worked great for about three months. Now I will need to take it to the service center for the 3rd time in about a month.

1st issue I had was with the tension. I spent an hour adjusting the dials and the screws on the bobbin case and could not fix it. I took the 40 minute drive (one-way) to the service center for a repair. The technician also spent an hour trying to figure out what was wrong. He discovered that the bobbin case was bad and could not be adjusted. He replaced the bobbin case.

The new bobbin case worked for a couple weeks then it started to pop out while sewing. This either broke the needle or bent it. I had to take the plate off to put the bobbin case back in track a few times. Eventually it would not stay at all so I took another trip to the service center.

After explaining the issue with the tech he took the needle plate off to look at the bobbin case. He told me it was damaged and he insisted that the bobbin case would not pop out while sewing. He replaced the bobbin case and needle plate.

The next day I started sewing with a medium weight cotton fabric. I did not get far before the bobbin case again popped out while sewing. I put it back in and it worked for a short time before popping out again and breaking another needle. This time after placing it back in track the tension is awful and I cannot fix it. So I have to make another long trip the service center if I want to fix it. I may just give up.

**Update 1/6/13
After a talk with the repair technician, he told me that this machine is not for people who do a lot of sewing. It is just for the occasional sewer. According to him the Singer Curvy would be a better machine, which has a similar price. If, or probably when I again have issues with this machine, I will look into it or I may go with another brand. Though I think I would prefer to go with a brand that has a service center closer to home."
Wisht hey wouldn't use so much plastic but the machine is very nice. Another light would be helpful as the one does a very confined area.
"When my wife's 40+ Singer sewing machine broke, we decided to take the estimated $60 it would take to repair it, and put that money towards the purchase of a new machine.  My wife is glad we did!  Of course, there is a world of difference between the  operation of her old machine and operating this new machine!  We watched the included DVD, but it was not that helpful, as it was produced to be included with every model of Singer made.  My wife spent a lot of time reading the included paper manual, to learn how to operate this new machine.  However, she is very glad we purchased this new machine, instead of having her old machine repaired."
I love the sewing machine. it works wonderfully and I am looking forward to doing a lot of my projects with it. I enjoy quilting and can't wait to get started again.
"apparently there's no easy reverse, or so my girl tells me. other than that she likes it better than her last singer"
"I received this sewing machine for Christmas and it perfectly ...Until 3 days later. When I unplugged the foot pedal, a piece of the plug in broke off. Horrific quality, the thing you pull to put the foot down is made of plastic. I like my mom's 15 year-old singer sewing machine better.

EDIT: I contacted Singer customer service and they sent me a new machine. Great customer service. I have had it for 3 years now and it's okay. Not good, but okay. It frequently stops sewing for no reason, the power plug falls out of the machine a lot, somewhat loud, it vibrates the entire table when sewing.  But it still works. I will not buy another Singer machine in the future. I have a Brother Serger and it is so much better. It's sad that Singer has cheapened its products."
I replaced my old Kenmore sewing machine with this Singer machine.  It's easy to thread and use.  I'm looking forward to many years of sewing with this Singer machine.
Was easy to set up and seems like a great machine.  I practiced with several different types of stitches with no problems.  I followed the recommendations that this was a great machine for beginners and it seems to be.  I had bought another kind before and just couldn't get it threaded correctly.  With this one I had no problem!
"Good value.  Seems like a sturdy, smooth sewing machine even though it is not a heavy weight. Haven't used it much yet but so far impressive."
"Lots of options and accessories (and a dvd with handy instructions, hints, and guides). Easy to use and not overwhelmingly heavy like some others."
I purchased this for a fourteen year old granddaughter as I have used Singer Sewing Machines all my life.  She spent all day with her new Singer.  She made a sampler of every stitch and put a number under it so she would have a reference to her own work(even though it is already on the front of the machine ha). She is really into crafts and as I saw this happen I knew I had bought the perfect item for her. It performed beautifully!!
My machine sews so beautifully!  I recommend it to fellow tailors and seamstresses.  I love the stitches and it's so quiet!  I believe I made a smart purchase.
"This sewing machine is amazing and works amazingly well!!  For a budget friendly machine I wasn't expecting too much but WOW!!!  All the great automated stich patterns, super easy to use and thread as the threading path is labeled with numbers.  I have sewed some really heavy material and numerous layers of material at the same time and it didn't have a problem.  I don't really have anything to compare this to as its my first sewing machine but I love it.  The DVD that comes with it is great for begginers, though just as a warning it is a general sewing machine DVD and not about this specific machine but it is still helpful and shows some accessories.  I would order this again with no hesitation and you should order this too."
"I purchased this sewing machine as a gift for my girlfriend who has been obsessed with sewing for the past few months. She has an older machine that we're not even sure works properly, so I thought that this would make a great gift.

She hasn't yet taken it out of the box, so a five star rating is going to have to wait until she breaks it out.

I gave it a four stars because it's exactly what the description claims and it arrived very quickly. I ordered this on Saturday (22nd) and it arrived this afternoon about 1pm (24th). With Amazon Prime I only had to pay 3.99 for this expedited shipping.

I also paid $5.99 for gift wrapping. This was, to say the least, disappointing. It was in a giant blue bag with a gold ribbon tied around it. I'm unsure as to why it wasn't traditionally wrapped, it's a big rectangle box -- pretty simple to wrap. I will be requesting a refund for that just on the principal alone.

Wednesday will be set up and play day with this new machine -- hopefully a more detailed review will follow!"
"This replaced a 30 year old Singer machine I got when I first was married,  Works great.
Very easy to operate. Lots of stitches to choose from."
Nice product by it cost. Lot of points and hability to handle buttons. Easy-to-use even to starters on sewing machines.
"I bought this machine to replace a nearly 15 year old Brother sewing machine that had limited stitches and functions.

This sewing machine has made my sewing a breeze. It has more than enough built in stitches for the average home sewer, is computerized, and has a speed dial on it which will allow you to sew at the speed you choose without a presser foot. I like that I have the ability to punch in the stitch number that I want and the machine automatically sets the stitch length and width for me. Of course I can always manually adjust those as well if needed.

I like the drop in bobbin--it's very easy to insert and the clear cover insures that I won't run out of bobbin thread mid-stitch since I can always see how much thread is left. The needle threader feature is also pretty helpful.

The machine is very easy to use and the manual has detailed instructions on how to use the various sewing machine feet provided. There is also a DVD which I have not used.

The plastic cover that comes with the machine is pretty flimsy and looks like it might tear easily. I bought a rolling case for the machine so I haven't used it. If I decide to leave the machine out for extended periods of time I may use the plastic cover as a pattern to sew my own cloth cover.

I absolutely love this machine and recommend it as a good starter or mid-level machine for anyone who does basic sewing like myself."
I gave this as a gift because my Girlfriend wanted a beginers sewing machine. Although this is a beginners machine it is very easy to use with little use of instructions!
I have been teaching myself to sew for a while. This machine makes sewing so much easier. It is quiet and user friendly
"My wife asked for this as a Christmas gift and went from someone with no prior sewing experience, to a seamstress (at least as far as I'm concerned). She seems to enjoy using it and says it works well."
"I love the machine.  It works well.  All the different stitches are wonderful.  The last machine was given to me as a gift 48 years ago.  If this singer works as well I will never need another.
Anyone from a beginner to a seasoned sewer would enjoy using this machine."
"Came promptly & works like a dream. Handles the majority of stitches you could ever need with an automatic button holer. The case purchased separately is a basic hard shell & adequate for the job. Amazon service continues to amaze me. Free 2 day shipping for Amazon Prime, has never disappointed. JJ"
"My wife has mentioned that she wanted to learn how to sew for a while. This was a Black Friday special that I saw I got it for her. The machine looks nice, it has a lot of features and most importantly she was happy with it."
"This was a great value. Singer it's been a trusted brand for many years. I am very happy with mine.
Easy to use."
I used this machine to make button holes.  When I tried to straight stitch it developed an E4 error and I can't find anyone who will repair it.
I bought the sewing machine to get into sewing and making a quilt.  So far it has done what I have expected.
I wanted to start sewing again after a 15 year break.  This has been a great machine to get re-started with.  Not a lot to have to learn before you can jump in and get sewing.
"I sew on a regular basis (when work and family permit the time) and I LOVE this machine! It does everything I could ask for. The ruffle foot that came with it is WONDERFUL! Now making a ruffle on a garment is an easy, one step task. When I made the first one I ran out to show my husband how awesome it was... He didn't get it.
The book that came with the machine is so helpful and changing from one stitch to another is quick and easy. The lever release foot and automatic needle threader make changing tasks a breeze. I highly recommend this machine and have no complaints what so ever!"
"I am not a serious sewer, so I don't have much experience. Yet, I found this sewing machine to be easy to set up and use. It runs so much smoother and quieter than my old Kenmore (which only had to be replaced due to a misshap) and with lots of fun features to use. Even my daughter who is just learning how to sew found it easy to figure out and we have yet to watch the DVD. The only reason I did not give it five stars is because the light could be a lot brighter and when threading the machine, the last spot before threading the needle is awkward to thread!"
I received it and I was so looking forward to using my new sewing machine.  I set it up to start a new project and it wouldn't pick up the bobbin thread.  I still haven't been able to use it because I had to send it to the New York repair center to have the timeing repaired.  Needless to say I'm disappointed by this. I actually wouldn't give it any stars as yet because I haven't been able to use it yet!
"I recently got ""back into"" sewing after losing a bunch of weight and not wanting to buy all new clothes.  After taking in all my pants and doing a few projects, I was having fun with it and decided to buy a new sewing machine since my old one was limiting what I could do.  I can't begin to tell you how great this machine is!  I recently did a project that was really meant for a serger, but this sewing machine had all the stitches I needed and the project turned out beautifully.  With so many decorative stitches, stretch stitches, etc. you are only limited by your imagination.  Plus, it is such a good value with all the extra presses feet.  To buy all those would cost quite a bit.  The only thing I can criticize is the automatic needle threader.  So far I still can't figure it out/ get it to work.  I know it was covered on the DVD so I need to watch it again, but following the written directions I have been unable to get it to thread.  I have been threading it manually which is easy enough but I purposefully got a self-threading machine because I knew it would save me a lot of time."
"After a bad experience with 2 different  sewing machines from Walmart, I got smart and ordered a newer model from Amazon.  It does everything I want and more.  Easy to use and it came so quickly.."
"This is a gift for my daughter who is a beginner and so I set it up for her and gave it a ""test run.""  This machine is very easy to use and has great features, even though many parts are plastic these days---I have thought about replacing my own ancient, but reliable machine with this one since it has so many stitches."
It is so easy to use and and makes sewing faster.  I am so literal...it took me a while for the directions of a simple step as threading to sink in...but now that I know how...it all is so easy--even refilling the bobbin.  It was worth the confusion I had at first.  Most customers would probably understand the instructions better than I.
"My only complaint is that the threader for the needle sticks and does not work easily, I will probably have to replace it in the future....which was one of the reason we bought this machine for my 87 yr old mother, disappointing but not worth returning other than that she absolutely loves using it"
"I absolutely LOVE this machine... Of course, I went from a competitor's brand of a simple/basic machine... But still... This one is SO much better! Easy to set-up and use. Great variety of different stitches and fairly quiet (in comparison). Would definitely recommend this to anyone, even beginners!"
"I haven't sewn in years, but wanted to do some household sewing and needed a simple, reasonably easy to use machine.  This is more machine than I needed, but I like it a lot so far!"
"Let me start out by saying that I have rediscovered sewing machines.  My mother used to own a Singer, so I was familiar with it's mechanics.  But I am by no means experienced and would place myself in the Novice Sewer category.
When I got this machine I studied my Quick Start guide and even watched the DVD.  That DVD plays like an educational video you watched in Home Ec- with appropriate background music to match.  I do not recommend you force yourself to sit through the entire thing like I did-- however it did induce a righteous nap.  The directions to get started are very clear and easy to understand.
Sewing with a machine took a little getting used to, e.g. how to hold the cloth, how hard to push on the pedal,etc.  All thoings you'll have to figure out on your own to decide what's most comfortable for you. I practiced on a scarp piece of material (an old t-shirt).  The machine works flawlessly.  Only downside I found is that the arm that goes up & down and forces the needle through the material is a thread point in the process of threading the machine.  This arm only BARELY comes up high enough to expose the hole into which the thread goes-- which is a little bit of a pain to try to catch, but because of how well this machine works it's an annoyance I can live with.
Also, spend the extra money and do get it a cover though.  The plastic sheet it comes with is no substitute for a Singer machine bag or hard cover.
I definitely recommend this machine!  Do skip the $100 models and upgrade to this one.  It gives you so much more for the money."
"This machine was a replacement for another singer that I used for years and finally wore out. They are like a Timex- take a licking and keep on ticking. This machine is one of the only ones out there in this price range that give you the features of a much more expensive model. Customer service could be improved, but not overall 'bad'. My best advice in this price range is ""Stay away from Brother"" (there is always some hidden gimmick involved) and buy this model which has everything you ever need. VERY satisfied customer."
"Well, I am very happy that this came so quickly and I got it for a great price.  But, it was supposed to be my daughter's gift from Santa and as UPS is delivering it she runs up and sees exactly what it is!  It is packaged in a SINGER box with a huge picture of the sewing machine on it !  I thought it would at least come in a box that would conceal what it was.  Oh well, I guess that is my naivete!
Hopefully, it will work well.
Now I am wondering if everything I ordered from amazon will come shipped that way!"
"Great sewing machine! My wife & daughter positively RAVE about this. They'd been using an extremely expensive machine inherited from her mom, but repairing it was prohibitously expensive. Prying my wife off the ceiling after the umpteenth time her machine broke down, I quietly broached the subject of purchasing a new one.  *pause for air* ...after prying the thumbs off my windpipe, I decided it would take a highly impressive machine to break this Other-Brand-Name addiction.

Enter the Singer 7258.

I am not one given to effusive praise of electronic devices unless the machine manages to leave my socks smoking on the floor from the ensuant explosion.  However, to be entirely fair:  You cannot match this machine's performance for hundreds of dollars more. It comes with a ""How-To-Use-This-Machine-Even-If-You-Need-10-Thimbles"" DVD, which covers all the various functions of our shiny new white and green stitching monster. Within 24 hours of delivery, a dress using 20 yards of lace was in the making and sucessfully completed, to the unseemly howling glee of all concerned. This machine performed flawlessly, with no bunching, fussy bobbins, misaligned threads or howls of anguish coming from the seamstresses.

Between the price and the functionality, this has become (hands down) a Singer sewing family.  And now I breathe easier, knowing that if the thing breaks down, I won't have to mortgage a kidney to cover repair costs.

UPDATE 7/2/2013: Had to move for emergency medical reasons; sold everything at auction. This machine is so great that I'm buying another one."
"After struggling to make a quilted cover for my kitchen aid mixer with my old machine I decided to buy a new Singer.  The machine is fabulous.  Sews perfectly first time, no need to unpick.  Has a variety of options that are useful like finishing stitch either in the up or down position, you choose, easy reverse button, needle threader that works, and lots of fancy stitches to choose from.  Comes with generic instruction video but easy to follow with this machine's options.  Finished the thick quilted cover easily, then sewed an apron in no time at all.  Did not come with the extension table, I thought it did, but maybe I didn't read the inclusions properly.  Good machine for price."
Does anyone know if I can use this machine in New Zealand?  Have just bought it and having a crisis of confidence.
"I'm very disappointed of this machine ! I've bought it twice and have always had the same problems with it. My first machine died after only six months of using. It's more than a simple defect, it's a problem with the model of machine. The device overheat after a few time of use and doesn't sew good anymore. There is a problem of tension everytime you use it. If I can give you an advice, don't buy this machine, it's a waste of time."
"The Singer 7258 Stylist  is a very nice machine , easy to use.  The instructional dvd is very helpful. Would recommend the machine to a friend"
"My old machine was over 20 years old, so I decided to purchase a more up to date machine, I am glad I did, this machine is wonderful, had no problems threading it, the computerized decorative stitches are easy to do, machine in not noisy, light weight so it is easy to move ( my old machine was metal, very heavy)  I am satisfied with this purchase."
"I recently purchased my Singer Machine, the 1st shipment I couldn't wind the bobbin without getting an error message.
I sent it back for a replacement machine, it works great. The one problem is not having enough room to put my hands in the machine comfortably to sew. Very limited space. I am also having problems with oil or grease coming out of the machine onto my project I am sewing. I love the way it sews and is very quiet but, they sure don't make singer machines the way they used to."
"I received this Singer Stylist for my birthday as an upgrade from my Singer Simple. I have always used Singer machines and really love them. I love to sew and found that my Simple didn't offer all the features I was needing. I didn't want something so technical or difficult to use that I wouldn't enjoy using. The Stylist offers simple additional features that allows me to sew various projects with ease. So far I've been able to sew knits using an ""overlock"" stitch, rather than buy an expensive serger/overlock machine. I've also sewn a quilt for my daughter that I was able to stitch with free motion. I really like this machine, I've found it easy to use. If you are looking to upgrade but are worried about budget and ease of use, this is a machine that you may be able to buy and easily use."
I read a lot of different reviews before buy this sewing machine.  For the price this is a great sewing machine.  Instructions for all the different stitches are easy and a great reference book.  I would recommend this machine for anyone.  Easy to use. I haven't sewen for over 30 years and just started again.
"It is a little difficult to get started because I had no clue what anything was but once I got the hang of it, It's EASY!! Advice: try to read all of the instructions first : )
Great shipping time!"
"I love this machine! So easy to use!  Very good quality! I love all the different stitches!
I would recommend it to my friends!"
"I searched and searched for a great machine and I found it with this Singer! I've just started to sew by machine so I really needed something that wasn't too complicated but still allowed me to sew stuff at my skill level. The machine is easy to thread and operate and the video demonstration is short and to the point. There are several different stitches to choose from and its just an overall easy to use, great machine. And get it from Amazon because their prices are a lot cheaper."
"Love it.  Does exactly what I need it to.

I'm a beginner and thanks to the video that came with I was able to thread and use it my first try.  I would definitely recommend this machine to any beginner.

Someday I'll probably upgrade but there's a lot learning I will be doing on this machine first."
"I really enjoy my new Singer.  This is an easy to use machine.  I haven't sewn for 20 years and decided I wanted to be crafty again on a home project to make pillows for the couch because I couldn't afford to replace the couch.  So I thought I would refresh the look by buying fabric and creating new throw pillows.  Well the Singer was was easy to use, it has great instructions and there are a ton of on line U Tube step by steps to help with installing zippers and basic sewing techniques.  I saved a bunch of money and got to pick the custom fabric that I wanted to use.  This machine comes with a variety of feet so you don't have to buy them.  The auto threader for the needle is really easy to use once you get how the arm grabs the thread. There are so many stitches that are pre loaded onto this machine to it was fun to experiment with various stitches.  I am off to buy fabric for a duvet cover and drapes.  It's quite a bit of fun to create.  Enjoy!"
I purchased these machines for my sewing classes of 82 total students. These machines are sturdy and easy to use. There are a lot of features that the more expensive machines have. I am saving to purchase more of these machines to replace my Berninas. These machines are great for beginners and advanced sewers. I LOVE the needle threader since my eye sight is getting bad. I highly recommend the Singer 7258 Stylist.
"I bought this machine because of positive reviews, the name brand and the price; unfortunately, the second day I had it it jammed when I tried to use the decorative stitches. I was frustrated for about two days reading the manual and trying to adjust the machine to get a decent stitch. I took it to a service center and they told me they would fix it without charging me because it was under warranty, i decided to return it instead and bought a Brother XR1300 for the same price. I am happy with the brother; if you want to take your chance with the Singer, make your you test it as soon as you get it and I hope you get a good one."
I absolutely love my sewing machine it works so much better than the ones at school. it runs smooth and is not very loud at all
"I wish I could use it on smaller things, like the inside of my sleeves, but there are few that can be. I like the old model my mom has. It's an old metal one. The plastic, especially the pedal seems really cheap. I have had no problems with the machines. I love that it can thread itself. I do wish the spool holders were made of metal and not flimsy plastic. Overall, very satisfied and would buy it again without thinking about it.

Update: during my move, about 3 months after getting this, the port the pedal connects to broke off into the machine. Singer wanted me to mail the machine, from Alaska, to the tune of $50-100 in shipping costs. The other option was to drive 6 hours to a place that repair it. I don't see how either of those is a good option. They refused to ship the $3 part that was needed to repair it. Last time I buy from them."
"Being young I should be comfortable with technology. My first sewing machine wasa dressmaker so this is really cool to not have to put in stitch knobs to get certain stitches. My only problem was that the manual didn't inform me on how to get to the oily areas, i had to bring my sewing machine to a friends to figure out how to give it a good wipe down"
"Easy to use, great directions, always loved singer sewing machines. Great price when buying from amazon. Bought traveling case and bobbins as a package and the price was great."
"I love my new sewing machine. I don't know how to sew, but I am excited to learn with my new sewing machine."
"This unit works great.  My wife has the notion that anything can be sewn so she pushed this machine to it's limits.  She sews Levis with no problem and has made many fancy designs with the various stitches.  The price was better than anywhere we could find retail.  We have had it for about 9 months now with no issues.  One note, the instructions can be confusing if you are a novice with a sewing machine.  If you have ever sewn before, then, they're fine."
"This is my first sewing machine- and its perfect. I got it after doing alot of research on the various brands and models.

My mom has a Janome that cost probably twice as much, and she really wants my sewing machine. I've used her machine and this one is so much easier to operate, I LOVE the self threading needle (not really self threading but way easier than usual), and the variety of decorative stitches.

The reverse mechanism is fantastic, if you push and release it will do 1 backwards stich. If you hold, it will do the usual reverse stitches. It also has a speed control that I didn't seem to think would be important, but it is very nice to have. Its nice to be able to slow down the machine and still ""push the pedal to the metal"" for optimum control. My moms Janome doesnt have this and she and I both find that sometimes it ""gets away"" from us- just a slight increase in pressure on the pedal will increase the speed drastically.

It is also nice because the cords both unplug, and unplug separately. It makes storing it so much easier!

I highly recommend this machine!"
I use an industrial machine for auto interior restorations but needed something with more stitch types on lighter materials.  This machine gets rave reviews and I agree with all of them.  More than enough stitch variety and exceptionally easy to use.  As a kid I watched my mom struggling with her machine - never being able to get it to work reliably - she would have loved this machine too.  This machine does it all for you but allows you to alter some of the parameters of each stitch.  The included DVD is great and shows there are many attachments for this machine giving it even greater capabilities.  I very much recommend this machine.
"I have been sewing for many years and thought I would treat myself to a new machine rather than spend money on having my old Kenmore serviced - HUGE MISTAKE. This machine was advertised as a Consumer's top choice by Amazon so I was confident that I was buying quality merchandise but this machine cannot even sew a straight line without the thread bunching to the point of clustering on the face of the fabric.  It is cheaply made and performs poorly, and for a product that requires usage and testing to determine if it is worth keeping, Amazon only provides a 30 day return policy so I am stuck with a $178.00 lemon. Poor form, Amazon, I will not be purchasing from you again."
"First off I just have to say how AWESOME Amazon is..the first one I got had a few issues but amazon shipped me a new one right away and had ups pick up the not working one. it pays to have prime if you do a lot of online shopping..amazon now is always the first place I shop.. customer service is wonderful!!!

Now on to the singer 7258..it sew's beautiful!!! not loud at all..this is a upgrade for me from the singer simple. I loved the simple and that was an upgrade for me from my old singer that I had for years and years.. I know people say that singer has changed over the years and are not as well made from the old one's but really nothing is made the way it use to be these days, everyone is cutting coats somewhere and if you are not looking to spend tons of money this is a great middle of the road sewing machine.. the only thing i am not crazy about is the needle stop up or down, but I see this as something I just need to get use too.. the machine runs VERY smooth like it is sewing in air..this is what I love as i do most of my sewing when my kids are sleeping in the next room over. the simple was loud and i was always worried about waking them.. I sew just about everyday, making girls dresses and tons of other stuff. and I feel like this will add so much to all i make with all 99 stitches!!! I really feel like singer has me for life lol and with all the presser feet i have for them I really don't see myself going anywhere. if you are a beginner to sewing you should be fine on this..I can see my 8 year old daughter working it (and she will be)with the sales also that amazon has there was no question in my mind that this was what I wanted, price was great!!!"
"At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I want to say that this sewing machine is awesome!  I had an older and far more expensive Singer that doesn't even hold a candle to this machine.  If you don't sew because your current machine is too quirky, the thread is always breaking, or because sewing machines are just scary - try this one.  There is a start button on the front that you can use instead of using the pedal to control the needle.  The bobbins drop right in to the machine.  There isn't an extra piece that the bobbin has to be put in before it can go in the machine. The bobbin drops right in instead of needing to be put in sideways like with older machines.

The programmable stitches are great.  So many options.  I've tried all of them, even the decorative ones are pretty.
This machine comes with 10 feet.  That's a deal in an of itself.
automatic one-step buttonholes!

It comes with a cheap vinyl covering that I didn't see mentioned in the description anywhere - no need to buy a new cover unless you want a fancy one."
"This machine is one of the best that i bought. No challenge, it is almost noiseless, easy to use. What surprised me is that despite i am using a stepdown transformer because of the voltage difference in my region it is performing above expectation."
"This machine is one of the best that i bought. No challenge, it is almost noiseless, easy to use. What surprised me is that despite i am using a stepdown transformer because of the voltage difference in my region it is performing above expectation."
"Bought this machine as a replacement for one that was about 35 years old. Was deeply impressed with the functions for the price. While I don't indend to use it, I gave it as a gift! The person who received it was deeply moved.

Thanks for a great price on a wonderful gift."
"I purchased the Singer Sewing machine due to it's reputation, dependability and easy use. This was a birthday gift for my daughter, and I know she has had success in using it and can't wait to get back to the sewing table to make the next project."
"After using a sewing machine for almost 40 years, I gave in and bought this machine, and now I am angry with myself for waiting so long.  It sews beautifully, and it is so easy to operate.  It threads easily and winds a bobbin effortlessly.  I haven't yet tried the various stitches, but I am anxious to do so, especially to use in making clothing for my granddaughter."
"I am really impressed with this sewing machine.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7256-Fashion-Mate-70-Stitch-Computerized-Free-Arm-Sewing-Machine/dp/B005HR1JMO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7256 Fashion Mate 70-Stitch Computerized Free-Arm Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;I did not have high expectations, since it was not expensive at all, but it is really amazing. Have had fun with this so far. The only issue I have had is the more elaborate stiches and thin fabric, it gets stuck. I am a beginner sewer so might be my fault."
Quick  shipping and happy with the machine coming out of the box ready to sew. Nice quaility and lots of nice features for the price.
"Previously bought a singer machine from Target that was their most expensive one.  It had a few issues with the threading and my wife wasn't too happy with it.  After, reading some reviews it seemed those same issues were consistent with other buyers.
We ended up buying this machine on Amazon because of all of the other good reviews and so far it has been a good machine.  Haven't had any issues and it is still going strong after 2 months."
"I am beginner when it comes to sewing and I wanted to get a sewing machine so I wouldn't have to keep borrowing my grandmother's all the time. I started looking for a sewing machice and I found the Singer 7258 had a lot of good reviews and features. Some of the bad review were about the bobbin and the thread jamming, I haven't had a problem with mine. I was worried about buying it off the internet but it arrived just fine, wasn't damaged and works great. The instruction for quick set up are really easy and I had no problem with them. I have found no faults with this product. I really love it."
"I got this machine a few months ago and it was great. But after a few projects I started to have some trouble with my bobbin threader, my bobbins were really uneven. Other than that the machine is really great. I made a few pillows and a shirt and it was really good. I would recommend this machine."
"I have had this machine for a few months now and I love it!  I had never sewed before getting this machine and was able with the help of the instruction manual and a little you tube start sewing right away!  It is very easy to use.  It is easy to pick up and carry around with you (I am now taking a quilting class).  I think it is a great size it doesn't take up too much space.  At my class people with the more basic singer models oooh and ahhhh over all the stitching options.  Many people have machines where you can't adjust the speed or the needle up/down position! For the price I think this is a great machine for the novice/beginner sewer

Things I find useful/easy about this machine as a newbie sewer:
1. easy to thread
2. being able to change the speed of the sewing
3. automatic stitch length and width
4. automatic tension"
"I must have looked at bazillion sewing machines before settling on this gem. For background - My grandma taught me and I love to sew, I made all my gowns in high school, all my maternity clothes, and now i make all my clothes for work - dresses, pants, skirts, haven't attempted a suit - yet.  So I was looking for a sturdy machine with enough bells and whistles to make my sewing more enjoyable.  I had a Futura that was literally 20 years old, and it pooped out on me ( and I feel it was because I abused it... no maintenance,etc.) I didn't want to spend a lot of money, and I didn't want a machine that had features I would not use.  The Stylist 7258 is a great machine, can work with many different fabrics, has enough stitch selections to meet most needs, has a great warranty and the instruction manual was very helpful.  I highly recommend this machine!"
"My husband bought this sewing machine last week for me so not sure if will hold up, but seems very sturdy and of good quality.  I am just beginning to sew (learned many many years ago in school, but was not good at it) and this machine made everything super easy.  Very easy to use, there are directions and illustrations to help you thread the machine,  fill the bobbin, and explains the different stitches. Within an hour of unpacking the machine I was all set up and already sewing a pillow case for my daughter. I definitely recommend this machine to anyone."
"I have had an older singer for 35 years until it got too costly to repair. This machine is a great disappointment to me. I must have gotten a bad apple, so to speak. I have had nothing but problems with this since I have started using it. Every time I go to use it the bobbin or the needle thread bunches up under the pressure foot and I have to take it out and thread it all over again. It doesn't matter if I have been using it and had no problems, it still has thread bunching problems again every time I start over using it. It is also tedious to thread compared to my old machine. I don't care for the bobbin set up, because I have to take the machine base apart to get to the bobbin every time I have a problem, and check it out! I would never recommend this machine!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
"I would say this is the best sewing machine I've ever purchased but it's the only sewing machine I've ever purchased so... well I guess I can say that!

I'm a novice seamstress and was looking for a machine that would take a lot of the guess-work and mystery out the sewing process and I have to say that I'm pretty happy with the choice I made. The price was right for my first time as there seems to be a wide range out there and it go here super quick!

As soon as I pressed the order button I had began buying fabric so when my new machine arrived I took it out of the box, plugged it in and with the directions on DVD I was sewing in under an hour! Sewing... well that's a relative term, I put two pieces of scrap fabric together with a straight seam... to me I was sewing!

This machine is extremely easy to learn and very easy to use. The computerized part takes care of all that tension and stitch length stuff for you and all you really have to do it hold on to the fabric to get started. I'm completely hooked on this sewing thing now...My God, I'm even watching Project Runway re-runs AND I decided I needed a dress form so I ordered one of those too! Look out, I'm on a roll!"
"Great machine for the beginner and expert level sewer.  Singer is very reliable and easy to use.  I was sewing almost  30 minutes after getting it out of the box.  The machine has many features, a great instructional dvd and manual.  The price is unbeatable and I am looking forward to many years with this machine!"
"Was excited to get this machine with all the great reviews.  However, right on start up it gave me an error message ""E2"" that could not be resolved.  I threaded and re-threaded the top and bottom (bobbin), read the manual, cursed and swore and then finally watched the DVD.  None of the above was helpful.  The DVD is not for this model specifically, but is a generic Singer DVD and incredibly, the manual for this COMPUTERIZED machine has NONE of the error messages listed, which is absolutely ridiculous!  Any budget answering machine, printer or other type of computer equipment has an error message guide to help the user solve the issue.  Big thumbs down on whoever put together the manual.  We finally resorted to searching the internet for an answer to the error message and found it was supposedly a ""bobbin"" issue but the bobbin was threaded correctly and so was the top thread.  I have sewed all my life and know how to thread a machine.  (This machine is no different than any other I have used in terms of threading.)  Instead of calling customer service I decided to return this to Amazon, esp. after reading others' reviews on how crappy Singer's customer service is.  I figure this must be a lemon and didn't want to play games with a defective machine while the return window for Amazon expired."
"I am so used to doing a lot of my sewing with an industrial sewing machine so having a machine that is all computerized was definitely overwhelming. Being that I am currently in school for fashion design, I thought that it was about time that I needed something to use at home. I used to own a Singer Tradition sewing machine (I do not recommend this whatsoever). This machine not only allows you to choose when to have the needle down (easy for sewing corners and curves), but it helps you thread your needle with ease. All the embroidery stitches that it comes with are fun and are very useful.

I think the one thing that took me a while to understand was the complicated button hole and the various foots that the sewing machine came with. I definitely use the regular stitching foot, zipper foot, satin foot, and roll hem foot more than the other ones.

The only down side that I can think of is that it doesn't really like the big ol' cone of thread. The Singer tradition and all the other industrial machines allow you to use large cone of thread, but this one doesn't so I have to continuously life the cone so that the thread can go through without gathering the fabric that I am sewing.

I sew through a lot of thick layers and this definitely did the job."
"Read all the reviews and was super excited to get my machine!  My old machine broke and I really wanted a better one to sew my dog collars and sweaters.  I opened it up and was amazed at how quiet and smooth it was.  After sewing on it the night I received it, and a few hours the next morning it stopped working.  It acted like it was sewing, but wouldn't actually stitch.  I re-threaded it, changed the bobbin, changed the needle, followed all the trouble shooting steps.  Spent an hour researching and Googling the problem, it appears that it is a timing issue which needs to be taken in for repair.  There was a bright yellow card in the box from Singer telling me not to return the device, but to call them first.  I should have ignored this and gone straight to Amazon.  Singers customer service hours are terrible and they are not open after 4pm central time, nor on weekends, or holidays.  I spent the long holiday weekend not being able to use my machine which I was so excited to get.  I sent Singer an email Friday and got no response, so I called them today.  The customer service lady said that I could trouble shoot the device and fix it myself.  I explained what I had tried trouble shooting wise and researched and she said I would need to send it in to a service center for repair.  I would need to pay the postage myself and ship it out of state (since they do not do repairs in the state of Colorado).  I explained that it was only used for 4 hours and that it was brand-new, so I would like a new device, not the defective one I was sent.  She said they would not replace it with a new one, only giving me the option to pay shipping on it and wait weeks to get it back!  I had read the positive reviews of Singer previously...which was partly why I chose the brand-the customer service did not live up to the reviews.  If you have a problem with your machine, don't wait, just call Amazon!  I decided to call Amazon later today to inquire about returning the device or getting a replacement.  I explained that the machine failed to work within a few hours of use.  Amazon apologized for my problems and shipped me a new Singer Stylist overnight!  After reading all the positive reviews, I am hopeful that I had just gotten a bad device the first time and that the replacement will work better!  For the short time I used the machine, it seemed really quiet and smooth...Thank you Amazon for doing the right thing for the customer, if it wasn't for you, this device would have been returned!

UPDATE:  Device quit working again with the same timing problem!  This machine is junk and I do not recommend unless you don't plan on using it much!  I went out and bought a Viking as I use this machine for my items I sell on Etsy.  I need a reliable machine and Singer is not a reliable anymore!  Do not let the name fool you, everything is made in China now and there customer service is terrible.  I attempted to call them again and I was on hold (within 30 min of opening) behind 19 other callers.  There recording told me that if I was still holding at 4:00 pm when they closed I would be disconnected.  What a joke!  I will never ever buy a Singer brand again!  When I went to the sewing store to purchase a new machine all the women agreed that Singer is junk, if you want a good machine do not buy a Singer they told me.  Wish I would have known this before I wasted my money!"
"Read the reviews and the Singer 7258 sounded great.  I've sewed for more than 50 years, mostly curtains, simple clothing, and lots of repairs, alterations, etc so I decided to get a machine with more options than the rudimentary machines I had used.  First task according to the directions was to wind the bobbin.  Follwed directions, but the bobbin did NOT automatically stop winding, just kept slipping against the stop as it continued spinning.  Found the automatic neddle threader difficult but finally ""got it"" and began to experiment with stitches on a scrap of jersey as my first job was to shorted a t-shirt.  Settled on a stitch, grabbed the t-shirt and started sewing. I'd only sewed about 10 inches when the feed dog seemed to suddenly stop and the fabric failed to feed, ending up jammed into the hole where the needle goes.  Finally had to remove the throat plate with my husband's help to free the t-shirt.  Big ball of jammed thread and torn fabric resulted so I packed up the machine and returned it.  I've had it less than a week.  In all my years of sewing I've never seen this problem - maybe the old machine isn't so bad after all."
"My husband and son got me this machine for Mother's Day but I didn't have a chance to use it until late July. I had high hopes for this machine, I had looked at a lot of different machines before I chose this one. I was hemming pant legs and the first leg went fine but the second leg ended up with a huge web of thread and the bobbin popped up and pushed open the plastic cover. I could not get it to do anything else. It was also very loud compared to the old BabyLock machine I have. I tried adjusting tension with the same result (only on scrap fabric). I was very disappointed because there were so many positive reviews and a small portion of the reviews were negative. Unfortunately my experience was not at all positive."
"I purchased the Fashion Mate by Singer after doing a lot of research on different models. I was looking for a good overall machine that was sturdy and had more than one stitch to choose from. I use my machine daily so it had to be able to keep up with me. I chose the Fashion Mate because of the warranty, the stitch selection and because it was a Singer. I grew up using my moms Singer, and it very rarely ever had trouble so Singer is a name that I trust. I was teetering on either the heavy duty Singer or the Fashion Mate, I ended up choosing the Fashion Mate because of everything that came with it for the price. I have been using it now for over a month and I absolutely love it! I sew on Navy patches and this machine has been able to do that as well as make garments with fine fabric with ease. I am really happy with it. I strongly recommend this machine!"
"I finally retired my 40 year old Singer Touch and Sew because it needed a new bobbin case. This new one is a mid range machine, not nearly as heavy as the old one. I worry a little about some of the plastic parts which seem much thinner than in the old one. However, I made dog bed covers on the new machine this weekend and really like how it sews. I am happy with it. My biggest problem was locating the storage bin underneath the arm where all the accessories are stored."
"I purchased this machine when my Kenmore stopped working and could not be happier with it. This is the first time I have owned a Singer but I am sure it will not be the last!!! It is very easy to use and I love having the electronic stitch selector,it takes the guesswork out of stitch length and width etc..I particularly like the see through bobbin cover it is great to see how much thread is left at all times. All in all it is great value for a reasonable price."
"I purchased the Singer 7258 as a birthday present for my wife. She had an older super cheap sewing machine we bought at a local store, and was constantly getting jams and had problems getting it threaded and going. This was really frustrating for her, and would limit the projects she would consider. She is really into crafts but a novice with a sewing machine. The hope was that a nicer machine would allow her to get into the projects without fussing with machine so much.

  She's only had it a few days, but I can confidently say that it was a good buy. We watched some of the included DVD, which is a nice presentation for a beginner. It was great this was in there, because she is not one to read manuals. She had it up and going immediately, made some pillows for the playroom the first night. No jams, no frustration. The auto threading seems to work great. I don't think she has gotten into the advanced features, so I can't say if they are worthwhile, but the early verdict is very positive.

  For someone looking to get into sewing and frustrated with a cheap machine, I would recommend buying this model. My wife has been very happy with it and has done more in the last few days than she did in the last 6 months with sewing. She is already planning more complicated projects because she is not worried about having to fuss around with a lame machine."
"**This is the review of a complete novice, so you must keep in mind I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing.**

This machine came today, and let me tell you I was ecstatic when (after an hour of figuring out how to fill a bobbin and thread the machine) I successfully sewed a line!! Taking this into consideration, I find this machine pretty good for beginners. The sewing chart is insanely easy to use. I pressed a few buttons, changed some numbers, sewed some zigzag pattern into the material and I was grinning ear to ear. Very impressed with myself! That's how much of a novice I am!! If you're a pro, we'd obviously have completely different takes on things.

Also, I inherited my grandmother's 1960 something Kenmore Sears machine, and it didn't work. I know times have changed, but in researching a new machine I found everything to be made of cheap plastic. I really prefer the oldschool metal machines. If you're a pro and you well know that machines don't come like this anymore, then maybe you'd give it 5 stars. I also have a major problem with the extremely cheap plastic spool holder that doesn't even hold up my spool. My grandmother's machine had beautiful strong metal spool holders. I looked into a few Brother machines and they had plastic cheap spool holders too. Maybe this is the standard today. So disappointing, in my opinion. But alas, that's why I give it 4. That, plus the reason the table extension was listed on the Quick Set Up Instructions and it doesn't actually get included in the box. Aaaand the directions really stink for someone that has absolutely no idea what they're doing.

Great for beginners, but I am bothered by the feel of the cheap plastic. There was a plastic foot even! (was foot the right word?? ha)

Love the stitches and the comfort of the Singer name.

PS. I would love love LOVE to know by any of you if this machine is capable of sewing a patch onto thin fabric. Will the machine break if I try to sew through a thick patch onto a pair of scrubs? By what specs can I look at on my machine to know what can and can't be sewed? I did one by hand and it was too hard.

-->Update...

Umm. YEA. After being forewarned by these ladies at Joann Fabrics that most machines can't do patches, I tried anyway and was blown away. I did five patches for my brother, and fixed another thicker one that was glued on months ago. I am such a novice at this, yet I find it extremely rewarding that I successfully used this machine to sew on patches. I'm amazed. I did use a 100/16, but it didn't break. So impressed. (equal parts myself and this machine)"
"I have used several sewing machines and I find that this is the best one ever!!  The sewing machines I have used in the past always had a tension problem.  I would sew and then look underneath and see a garbly goop of thread.  No matter how many times I tried to adjust it, it would never work right.  It made me want to throw it out the window.

So when I was looking to purchase a new one, I did a lot of research.  This one had automatic tension, which caught my eye, and it threaded the needle for me.  Score!!

So the first time I sewed with it, I fell in love.  The sewing looked great, it didn't vibrate on the table like my old ones did, it was really quiet, and the tension was wonderful.  This is the first time I ever worked with a computerized sewing machine and I loved the way you could adjust the sewing pattern by just pushing a button.

For those who are just beginning to sew, or those who are experienced,  I HIGHLY Recommend this machine!!

Thanks!!"
"I had only sewed for about six hours over a three day period before the machine quit sewing all of the fancy stitches.  It only sews straight - and sometimes skips a stitch.  Unfortunately, this all happened ONE DAY after Amazons 30 day return period expired!  I emailed Singer's customer service dept. on the same day - no response.  I will say that this machine is very easy to use and has a lot of nice features and stitches - I will let you know how this gets taken care of.  UPDATE - After a Chat with cust. serv. rep. - they are sending a replacement, even upgraded the shipping!  Way to go Amazon!!!"
"I absolutely love this machine, even though the first time I got a lemon from someone on ebay who was selling a used one.  I returned it and got a brand new one from amazon.  I was a little nervous at first that it was this model that didn't work so well, but as soon as I got my new machine, I realized I had gotten a lemon before.  I love this machine, it works perfectly.  I haven't had any problems with it.  It has so many fun stitches and I'm excited to try them all.  I would highly recommend this machine.  LOVE IT!!!!"
"I purchased this machine as an extra machine for our cabin, so I didn't have to keep hauling my sewing machine back and forth.  I only had the machine for one day before returning it to Amazon. This machine did not have the needle up/down feature that I love.  After checking on Amazon, they sell the Singer 7258 which offers that feature and the price point on that machine is only $15.00 more.  I can't really give this machine a good or bad review because I didn't keep it, but wanted to put this review out there in case the needle up/down feature might be important to others."
"I have to say, I was a little skeptical when I got this one. It was a deal-of-the-day back in May, so I kind of held my breath and dove in.

So far, it's met every expectation.  This was the first sewing machine I've bought on my own. I'm 25 and have always used my mother's, but I decided it was time to purchase one myself, so I knew that Singer was the way to go. The computerized controls are very easy to use. The DVD that comes in the package is not nearly as annoying as many instructional videos I've watched, and the book is very descriptive and easy to navigate. The LED light is my favorite thing...it's crisp and clean, so I can easily see all my stitches as they go, but it isn't that harsh bright purpley-white light that I hate.

Overall, it's quite lightweight for a computerized machine, and very transportable. I would definitely buy it again.  The only downside I've found is that the pedal takes some getting used to. It's very sensitive, so if you push too hard, it flies. But once you get the hang of it, it's easy."
"make sewing easier!!~ especially the one-step button hole feature!! It always better have as many stitches option as possible, even tho you don't use them that much,"
"I purchased this machine because I wanted to have the convenience of sewing at home. I am a designer so sewing is a hobby for me I love it. I am also a mom of 2 toddlers so I wanted to have some me time meanwhile still being with my tots. I like that the machine is so quiet that I can sew when they are sleeping. It is the best time to sew for me. Why did I give it a 4 star rating? I have used the industrial machines for 4 years and grown up using my mom's old singer machine which was the greatest. This machine does not compare to that one. The design is very bulky and at that inconvenient. I loved my mom's old machine because If I wanted to sew and armhole with lining I would wrap it around the bottom when I removed the accessories part off the machine. I do small clothes for my babies so the armholes don't fit in this machine making it so hard to sew around. What bothers me mostly is that I like to sew fast and this machine is so slow. I press the pedal and it's going fast when all of a sudden it stops. I press again and it starts again. I don't know if it's only my machine but I am not going through the trouble of going to customer service to get this fixed or returning for another one. I don't have the time to go to the post office and make returns.
Other than that I also wish when you set it on a stitch and I turn it off it will still be there when it goes back on. Since like I said previously I have toddlers I have to turn it off every time I walk away from my machine even for a few seconds. I have to set the stitch and continue working. Sometimes we have to lose certain little details in a machine to get better ones like a machine with more stitches."
"I only barely got this for my bday from my bf & I absolutely love it. I have almost NO experience with sewing (my previous machine for a few months before this was a pixie singer!) I am already having so much fun just experimenting with all the stitch options. The machine itself is smooth, quiet (I was having a convo while sewing and didn't have to raise my voice much), and very customizable. LOVE IT! Can't wait to actually learn to sew for real!!!! I can tell it won't be long with this awesome machine."
"I have been amazed at the ease and variety of stitches readily available at my finger tips.  My first machine was my mother's Singer and later my parents bought be a Kenmore.  Although the Kenmore lasted more than 30 years, I fault myself for not updating to a faster, lighter machine.  I absolutely love the fact that I can see how much bobbin thread is available with the window treatments, pills and slipcovers I have been making for my daughter's new home,"
I went with a higher level machine than I planned and am happy with its features (stitch options). Took me a while to figure out how to do the automatic needle threading but I'm delighted with it now. How nice not to have to find reading glasses just for that task.
"I've not used my machine but very little so far, but seems ok. I can't get the needle threader to work. It's a little troublesome to thread the needle and set the bobbin, but I probably am just not to familar with it yet. Makes nice stiches."
"I sew at the intermediate level as a hobby. I mostly make dresses for my little girl and myself, and occasionally I mend something or sew something for my house. I wanted something that had all of the important utility features and a few decorative stitches for my little girl's dresses.  I searched and searched. With so many machines out there, I have to admit it was overwhelming to try to make a decision.

I was about to buy a Janome DC 2012 or the DC 2010 when I came across this machine. I noticed that this machine looked like the Janome and had many of the same features. However, the Singer actually had 100 stitches while the Janome had only 50.  I actually liked the designs of the Singer's stitches better as well. Now, I know some people are hardcore fans of Janome who think Singer machines are junk.  I know, I know.  But in all reality, I couln't justify spending $400-$500 for a machine when I really only sew for fun. I also realized that I don't need a machine to last forever, because in ten years I am going to want the newest technology anyway.  In addition, I have an all metal Necchi for heavy duty sewing if the Singer falls short.

I have been extremely pleased with my new Singer! At first I figured I would only really use it for the automatic buttonholes and the decorative stitches and use my old Necchi for the dirty work. However, I can't stop using the Singer. I love it!  It is not super light and cheap feeling like I expected.  There is a picture of the metal frame on the box, just like there is a metal frame at the Janome store to show you what's inside.

Overall, I am very pleased and recommend this machine for people who sew at the beginner and intermediate levels.  I don't know enough about them to say what an expert would need or expect, so I won't go there. But I love the needle threader and automatic tension! I love all of the accessories it comes with to get you started.  I don't know if it will last forever because it IS a machine, after all.  But in all honesty, it seems like all electronics are disposable these days anyway.  For a little more than the price of getting an old machine serviced and buying parts, you can get a whole new machine.

On the ""minus"" side, I agree that the pedal is light and the LED light for the needle area isn't very bright.  However, those things are minor to me and I can live with them. I can put skid pads on the pedal and use supplemental lighting when I sew. Problems solved!"
"This is one of the better light weight sewing machines I've come across.  It has numerous features and produces an excellent finished product every time.  In addition, it doesn't make a lot of noise when you sew.  The cover was also a nice addition.  Would highly recommend."
"I read the reviews about this sewing machine before I bought it and was encouraged by what I read. This is the first machine that I have not had problems threading, and the thread does not bobble up in the bobbin. It is quiet, lightweight, and overall a wonderful machine. You will not be sorry you bought this. Oh it arrived a day earlier than was expected. Thank you Amazon!"
"This is a great little sewing machine.  It works really well, doesn't cost a lot, and has a ton of decorative stitches, many more than I actually need, but I don't do a lot of decorative stitching."
"Ordered this machine after getting another Singer for mother's day, which I couldn't even get to work correctly.  This was is very easy to set up and start using.  I haven't actually sewn in a long time, but use it for mending, etc.  Would definately recommend."
"I received the machine last week and had trouble with the thread tension from the onset.  Called Singer Customer Service on Monday.  Their Customer Service agent was very rude and offered no help whatsoever.  My only option was to send the defective machine out of state to their warranty center at my expense.  Therefore, I decided to return the product to Amazon for refund.

Unhappy with Singer's product and poor customer service and I will never purchase a Singer product again."
"As soon as the machine arrived at my door step, I couldn't wait to get started. I hadn't used a sewing machine in 5 or so years, and I was relieved when I saw how easy it was to thread. I even did my first bobbin and didn't fail! I didn't want to stop using it once I started! Also, it's super quiet. I live in an apartment and was glad I could continue using the machine until I was finished. Very Satisfied. Hope this Singer lives up to it's name!"
So far.. I love this sewing machine. I have never used one before and this one seems easy to use and sews very nice. I have only done small projects so far but am excited to do more stuff on it. Can't find any cons so far.
"I have been using this machine for a few weeks now for basic sewing.
it does pretty well with medium thickness clothes.

but when i comes to thin and thick, it does not perform well. Not only the stitch tension is correct, but also it skips stitches making me go over same line more than once resewing.
The moving traction parts at the bottom (to push the clothes back as it's sewn) sits too far in the back where often it does not catch enough cloth so you gotta push with your hands.
also I wish there was a foot pressure controller setting. i found that the machine often pushes the cloth faster than the needle can sew.

other than that, i am happy with the machine. this is a basic machine, so few flaws as expected. it's light, quiet, cheap and I hope it lasts as long as they advertise.

if you need basic sewing machine for casual alteration at home, i recommend this machine."
I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR AN ECONOMICALLY PRICED MACHINE FOR MY DAUGHTER AND MY SISTER. WE HAVE LOOKED FOR SIX MONTHS. WHEN THIS CAME UP FOR SALE WE JUMPED ON THIS MACHINE. IT SEWS GREAT AND HAS PLENTY OF STITCH PATTERNS FOR ANYONES NEEDS. I MAKE BABY BLANKETS AND RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF A PROJECT MY MACHINE QUITE. THESE CAME JUST AT THE RIGHT TIME SO I COULD FINISH MY PROJECT. THIS IS A VERY USER FRIENDLY MACHINE. I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS MACHINE EVEN FOR THE BEGINNER. LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! IT.
"After weeks of researching different machines and reading countless reviews, I decided to purchase this one. Now, when I say I'm a beginner, I mean I didn't even know how thread a machine, OR that I had to ""wind a bobbin."" In fact the only time I had ever touched a sewing machine was for a class in the 7th grade. LOL! The instruction manual is easy to follow and after a little bit of practice, I quickly became obsessed with this machine! :) I have absolutely no complaints about it and would highly recommend this item."
"I bought the Fashion Mate 7256 two months go and have just recently started to use it. I have the same problem as another reviewer in that the pedal only works when it wants to and usually only when it is held in an upright position. Luckily I realized I can put it between my knees. I've emailed Singer about this problem and hopefully, I will have as good a response as the other poster did. Other than than, I love the ease of use, the large number of stitches to chose from and the automatic needle threader!"
The DVD that came with the machine was easy to follow and very helpful.  I am sewing and the machine is very smooth and operates great!
"I had a basic singer machine for years that was only capable of straight and zig-zag stitches. I had always looked at the multiple stitch machines and thought - do I really need all those for the projects I do, but decided to get one when my old machine finally bit the dust. I love love love it. Within a few minutes of unpacking and perusing the manual it was threaded and in use. I've probably used a dozen stitches so far and found it incredibly easy to use and change stitches - which begs the question ""Why did I wait so long to get one?"""
"I bought this sewing machine  for my daughter. She had just taken an apparel development class in high school. My daughter loves this machine and has made several things with it. She is now making a dress. Who knows, maybe even I will learn to use it!"
"I searched for this sewing machine at a lot of differant places for over a month. When i saw it on Amazon for almost half the price, I couldn't believe it. This made me very leery about ordering it. Well,i did,and i couldn't be happier. I have been sewing every day for two weeks and love all the features it has. The 100 differant stitches is great and i love the easy button hole maker. Sewing is so much fun with my new sewing machine.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SINGER-7258-Stylist-Computerized-Sewing-Machine/dp/B003KK807M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SINGER 7258 Stylist Computerized Sewing Machine</a>"
"I received this machine as a gift and had it for 18 months.  It worked beautifully until it jammed one day.  I took it to a repair place and discovered that it is not feasible to repair.  The part that broke is on the lift arm inside.  It was put together with a rubber fitting and when that part broke, it damaged the arm.  The repair place said that this is a weakness of this particular machine.  When I contacted Singer, they want me to mail them the machine (no Singer authorized repair places in our area), pay for shipping, pay for labor to get it fixed and then pay to have it shipped back.  Not worth it since I can purchase a new one for the amount of all of the shipping and labor charge.  I do not recommend purchasing a Singer.  Look for a better warranty with another company or one with an authorized repair facility in your area."
"I am a beginner at sewing and this machine has made it so easy for me to learn! I didn't need to attend any sewing classes to be able to do a good job... it's so user friendly! It's a great deal for the price! I am very, very happy with it :)"
"Great little machine...does all and then some of what I need.  No problems.  It might not be considered heavy-duty, but I've used it on jean material, and so far so good."
"I looked for several days on line checking out different sewing machines, mostly other brands. After reading about the same problem that another brand had I gave up and started looking into Singer machines. I found this model almost by accident. I'm the type that reads the whole instruction manuel before using anything, which I did. I'm really thrilled by what it does, I've been playing around with it, trying the different stitches etc. Some of the things that I thought was not really important like the needle threader is really pretty neat and very easy to use. I do wish it had the extended table that was available on another Singer model, BUT this model had all the other things I wanted- auto reverse, auto needle stop up, variable speed, can be used without the foot peddle etc. The only thing I really had to get use to was threading the drop in bobbin the correct way, which I figured out quickly. It's sturdy and doesn't dance across the table at fast speeds."
"SINGER STYLIST 7258 is a good medium stremgth sewing machine...  This is good for sewing on light to medium heavy fabrics.  It has 100 nice stitches.. Able to sew decorative stitches and also sew cotton  patterns onto the fabric with this machine.  I use cotton thread which may be better for this type of sewing machine.  They have some types of cotton 800, 1200 selling on Kmart..  There is a special stand for the 1200 type of thread spools.  Better to have the same sewing thread for the bobbin and needle..

The Singer S 7258 has a nice even sound to it when it is working ok.  If getting a louder sound, best to rethread or check the bobbin.. Best to change the needles when necessary.. Some people use a needle for a few weeks, a month, depends on what is being sewn..

Also what is nice about this machine is that it can sew without the foot pedal. If the  foot pedal goes out, can use the main start button to sew till getting a new one...

Also,  there is an Extension Table that can be bought on Ebay by a seller that sells them.  Mine was $42 about. It
slides into the sewing machine... It also makes it a larger sized sewing area.."
"I ordered my Singer Stylist about 45 days ago May 2012 and I've completed 4 projects so far. The Singer Stylist is my second sewing machine. My first was a really cheap Brother VX 1435 sewing/mending, it was pretty crappie. It would jam all the time it only liked certain threads and fabrics and I would have to stop allot and fix jams. I couldn't tell my husband that it was so sucky because it was a gift from him, lol. I always wanted a Singer but I was a little scared because their reviews have been pretty low. So I started to purchase one of the  Brother Project Runways, with all the bells and whistle. Brother reviews were super high and seem to be still climbing. Well long story short, it came down to this one and a more expensive Brother machine with the embodery features.

I asked one of my co-workers who been sewing for over 15 years and she said there both were nice but why pay extra if your not really going to use the extra feature.....Well two days later I went online and amazon had marked the Singer Stylist down by $45 and the brother machine increased by $75. So I took that as a sign from God and went for the Singer Stylist and I Love it. I only gave it a four star because it would have been nice to have a machine with some letter monograming. But this machine is loaded with sticthes, over 50 I think and they all came out great. It auto select all the stitch width for you, so that's great for new sewers. It seems to be pretty heavy duty, it didn't jam on my 4 projects. It did very well with cotton, denim and business fabric but I took my time to make sure I didn't break a needle because I hate when that happens. In hancock this machine goes for $299 and onsale 199 and I bought mines on Amazon for 165.

It comes with over 5-6 feet and their so easy to use, I didn't need the video I just glanced through the manual. I started using my machine the first day it arrived, so that way if I had any problems I could return it soon. So don't let it seat around, open it and use it but personally I think you will love it especially the reverse lock stitch button. I think my money was well spent, I do plan to buy one with all the bells and whistle later. Since im starting my own clothing site, I will need a more industrial machine to keep a high pace but hopefully I will be able to continue to use this one as a back up. Great Machine for a Newby and back up for Advance sewer.

Hope this was helpful
Oh yeah and take your time with your (Knits)that fabric can be tricky for any Sewing Machine."
"I love this sewing machine. Very good video came with it.  Easy to follow instructions.  Love the automatic needle threader.  I like that I can either use the foot peddle or disconnect the peddle and it sews automatically.  Like the ability to change sewing speed.  I was use to my Sears Kenmore,(and loved it) had it for 30 years, was not sure I could find a machine I would like as much.  But, I did not know what I was missing in a new machine.  Great Product with a good price."
"I bought this machine for my wife.  I was not happy when it arrived and the foot pedal worked when it felt like it, and that wasn't very often.  Contacted Singer and received a replacement foot pedal which worked perfectly.  It took about two weeks from contacting Singer to get the replacement foot pedal.  I would give this five stars, but the issue with the foot pedal, which other also seem to have, knocks off one.

A good product that the manufacturer stands behind, but initial quality control left a bit to be desired."
"Let me start out by saying that i am a not very experienced in the sewing field, i learned on a VERY basic Brother to see if i liked it. After reading all the customer reviews and the specs i knew i had to have this machine and when it went on sale i snatched it up. I really had high hopes for this machine, and i was right it really is GREAT!!! It feeds my fabric in easily and quickly without it going all wonky on me. I LOVE all the decorative stiches, they are beauyiful and the tie off feature works like a charm. I LOVE how easy it is to wind the bobbin and insert it in the machine. Everything about this just screams simple! I love it! I would seriously reccomend this machine to anyone starting out!"
"So far, so good. I'm just trying it out and pleased so far. So quiet compared to my old 24 year old Singer I replaced this with. The only disappointing thing is that the instructional DVD is damaged in multiple places and skips 2 - 3 minutes segments sometimes. Frustrating when I'm trying to figure out the finer details of the machine."
I replaced my 25 year old sewing machine with this one.  The box stated there was a DVD instruction manual but there was nothing in the box and no instruction manual.  I had to search on line to find it before I could even thread the thing.  I have sewed for many years so am not a novice but have not had a Singer before.  Once I got the instructions it was pretty easy and the needle threader was great.  Worked very well for the one task I have used it for so far.  I have not used the decorative stitched either but looks like it would be fun.
"purchased for my daughter, for mothers' day ! She can finally be a stay at home mom . Looks like she may follow in my footsteps after all . Just finishing her first quilt !!! She says it works great !!!!"
I got this on a Gold Deal and it was worth every penny! IF you read the instructions it is very simple to use and the results are great!
I got this amazing machine on sale and it is most definitely worth every penny. I have already made a few things with it and it works beautifully. The stitch selection is awesome and they look great on the material I tested on. I am in love with this machine and look forward to many projects with it!
My last singer lasted me 21 years and it was used when I bought it-this one is so very exciting to own -it does everything except cut the material and pin it together
I've had this sewing machine 3 months. The bobbin winder broke and the Singer sewing repair shop says this machine is too cheaply made to repair. It was made to be used and thrown away when it breaks. I liked using it until this happened.
I did a lot of research before settling on this machine. What I found is that the quality and features are totally worth the price - which is really reasonable. It's got a good heft to it and is no louder than you'd expect - I can hear a TV over it while sewing. The one-step button hole is freakin' fabulous and the decorative stitches work well with only minor tension adjustments necessary. I really couldn't be any happier with this machine unless it came with a seamstress and a coffeemaker.
"Haven't had a sewing machine in 30 years. I joined a quilting group and had to sew scraps into 9 block squares. This new Singer arrived by UPS at 9 am. I opened the box, unpacked, and hoped I would be able to figure it out. The instructions are so clear that I had it ready to sew by 11 am. I began stitching my squares and had them all finished and ironed by 3 pm. I did get stuck threading machine, but DVD showed exactly what I was doing wrong. It makes beautiful stitches and very easy to use. Having all the extra feet really comes in handy. A great purchase!"
"I bought this machine through Amazon when it was on sale for $119 and what a great machine it is!  I am a brand new sewer and since getting this I have made button holes (no problem!), sewn on buttons (easy), worked with various stitches including the decorative ones, used it for several alterations and repairs, and made a beautiful pillow for my couch just yesterday!  I am one who really dreaded trying to thread a machine or fill the bobbin--well let me tell you it is so easy with this machine I could not believe it!  I am so excited to be able to actually sew and fix clothes for myself I can't tell you.  If you are someone who has been toying with the idea of simply doing your own alterations or mending--go for it!  You will be so glad you did.  I think this machine has opened up a whole new fun hobby for me--and by the way, I have already saved what I paid for the machine by being able to put a new zipper in a dog bed that my new pup chewed up!"
"I hadn't sewed in years (I'm talking since grade 8 and while we won't mention how many years that's been, just know it's enough) so this machine was perfect. It was so easy to set up and is very user-friendly. I have really enjoyed using it and love that it's digital. For the price point, I highly recommend it for beginners."
"I got this today. I'm a beginner sewer (hope to make a T-shirt quilt). I read the directions in the manual and was able to set up the threads with no problem. I was so proud of myself! It even comes with a very helpful DVD with instructions and helpful hints. I was impressed with how quiet the machine was. I remember how loud my grandmother's machine was, so I was expecting this one to be loud, too. But it's not! Yippee! I just wish this unit came with a quilting foot, which I assume I will need to get for making a quilt."
I grew up with a mom who was sewing all the time and never learned so when I did decide to try it I knew I needed a machine that would be easy to learn on. After reading the reviews I decided why not and am very glad I did!! Loving this machine so far. It is very easy to use and the instructions for setup are clear and simple. I've made a few applique onesies and a baby blanket so far and any messups are all my fault not that of the machine. I haven't had any problems with thread bunching or breaking. If you are a first timer like me and just want a nice machine without spending really big bucks this is it!
"My husband picked this machine up for me when it was a gold box deal. I received it in the mail yesterday and have already completed a couple projects. I previously had a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Singer-Esteem-Sewing-Machine-1732/dp/B000J6AXV6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Singer Esteem Sewing Machine 1732</a>, a solid machine but it constantly had little hiccups and hangups, even when serviced regularly. I was ready for an upgrade. The Fashion Mate feeds beautifully. I made a diaper liner to test the function of the machine: even without a walking foot (again just testing) all the layers stayed together and the stitches were perfectly even, A+. The electronic controls are intuitively simple. The instructional DVD was all right, but it wasn't specific to the machine it was packaged with so I still needed to read the instruction manual for correct threading procedures. The only feature this machine doesn't provide that I miss is a needle down stop (this model actually does exactly the opposite) to make pivoting easier but otherwise, I am truly satisfied with my new sewing machine!"
This machine is wonderful for the price.  it does everything and more for all my sewing needs.  It is a very quiet machine and very easy to learn to use.  anyone needing a machine for everyday sewing should consider this one.  why spend thousands of dollars when you can get this one for such a low price.
"I've been using mine for about a week and it is wonderful.  I have sewn chiffon, knitted suedecloth, and multiple layers of denim and it handles it all with ease. Set-up was a breeze and I was sewing within 10 minutes of removing it from the box.
It threads easily, with the usual Singer threading diagrams printed on the machine. The auto needle theader is a kick! (and actually works) The bobbin winds, loads, and threads with the customary Singer ease (caveat: MAKE ABSOLUTELY SURE the bobbin spools in the correct direction--counter-clockwise, otherwise you will have loose tension, uneven stitches, and bobbin thread knots).
Stitch selection is simple, as is stitch width and length and needle position. The feed dogs have very solid and even motion. Thread tension adjustment is simple and bobbin tension is automatic.
Especially nice is the speed adjustment, so if you are heavy footed on the pedal you can still control how fast the fabric feeds. There is the availability of using hand controls to operate, rather than the foot pedal.
I selected this machine because of some of the features I've mentioned, rather than the 100 stitches available, but I'm not going to kick all those stitches out of bed. Some are going to spur me to projects just so I can use them. Others I hadn't planned on using, but they wound up making my project easier and are now a go-to favorite. And you gotta love those 1-touch buttonholes!
Also, the price I received on Amazon plus the 2-day shipping came in for a total of only $10 more than my local Wal-Mart (who was out of stock).
The drawbacks I've found are: the LED light, while bright, could illuminate more area, and making sure that bobbin is threaded correctly (both habit and intuition had me threading it in the wrong direction).
I am experienced at sewing and have been using basic Singer machines for over 40 years; this is my first higher-level machine. Singer has always had the name recognition, now the product superiority is becoming par with the name superiority again (there were some crummy machines produced for several years).
I love this machine and I recommend it to anyone."
"My wife has had singer sewing machines since she was a little girl. Even has an antique one from her mother. Her last machine finally died after many years and could not be repaired to her satisfaction.  We bought the Singer 100 stitch machine in December on sale at Costco, and it worked well for about a month. My wife hems pants, dresses and takes in seams for family use only, but the machine kept jammng, giving an E 5 error message which wasn't even in the manual.  After calling Singer, they said it was a bobbin problem and the machine would have to be sent out to service. Fortunately, Costco took it back, and after looking on Amazon, the machine got 3 stars and this is why.
  After using the Singer 7256 70 stitch machine about a month, my wife's vocabulary and disposition have improved immeasurably. The machine does not jam, and is even easier to thread. She still has about 60 more stitches in the machine's arsenal that she doesn't need. I think that the horizontal placement of the bobbin solves the problem of jamming that the vertical placement model had.
  She's a happy camper, and loves this machine. (Even if its green color leaves something to be desired, she hasn't commented on this.)"
"I have very little experience sewing and I love love love love this machine so far. It works fantastically! =) The tension is preset which makes all the difference in the world for beginners. It is adjustable, in case you actually know what you are doing. The instructions are simple and easy to follow. It even comes with a DVD to watch walking you through all the various things you might need to know. It is definitely worth the money."
This product is great when it works right.  You need to adjust the tension of the thread in order to get a good stitch.
"I have not used a sewing machine for 40 years and back then I didn't sew very much.  Before buying I compared features, prices and reviews on several machines and selected the Singer 7258 Sytlist.  The machine exceeds my expectations.  It is quiet, easy to use and the stitch selection with automatic stitch width and length make switching stitches a breeze. Now my only problem is finding projects so I can enjoy the machine!"
"I purchased this item as a gift for my Mother for an early Mother's day gift due to the fact that she wore her old Singer out.  I knew she was going to be doing some sewing so I thought it would be nice for her to have it as an early gift.

First she was thrilled it was another Singer, however being 75 years old this year she was afraid she would not be able to figure out how to use it with all of the gadgets that it has and different stitches it makes.  Two days after if arrived and on time at that she decided that she wanted to give it a try, we pulled it out of the box and I set it up on the table and plugged it in, I don't know a thing about sewing or the machine's I just read that this one and it had great reviews.  She gave it a shot and started to get a little frustrated so we pulled out the DVD that came with it and she was watching it when I left the room.  About a half an hour later I went to see how she was doing and there she was sewing away with the biggest smile on her face that I haven't seen in quite awhile.  SHE LOVES IT.

No cons to write about at all.  Mom says it is one of the best machines she has used and is very excited to try all of the new stuff.  This machine is well worth the price."
"I bought my first Fashion Mate in the 1960s and used it all the time as my kids were growing up.  It served me well.  I was so excited to be able to get a modern one that has more capibilities than just zizzag.  Now I am sewing for my grandchildren and will teach the girls to sew on my old Fashion Mate, like I did my daughter."
"I triple checked all of my orders on this day that I made my purchases. Somehow I managed to order two of the same sewing machines. I am happy with the quick response to the paperwork needed to return the sewing machine, but NOT with the required cost of $26 that I had to inquire to return it. I look forward to my refund from the sewing machine purchase and I would like a refund on the shipping cost. Thank you."
"This is my fianc's account, as he bought me the machine, but I just had to write a review. I used to sew with this old Brother machine. It ALWAYS jammed and made everything look pretty bad and unfinished. I actually stopped sewing because I would get so frustrated with it. I decided last year that I wanted to start sewing again and after reading all the positive reviews, we chose this machine. I love it. It's so easy for first time sewers! It was so incredibly simple for me to just pick up where I left off all those years ago. The manual is VERY detailed and very helpful. The stitch options are great, there's so many! The stitches come out really nice, the bobbin never jams! I haven't had one single problem in the year that I've had it. I'm really glad I went with this machine!!"
"This Singer was for my wife, to replace her ages-old machine. I don't know anything about using sewing machines, but I can tell you that since she got this she's been sewing up a storm! I asked her after she'd had it for a few days whether it sewed buttons on, since that's the one chore I always delegate to her. (OK, shoot me, I don't know how to do it!!) She told me no, then a few minutes later came running into the room to say that, yes, this machine even sewed buttons, not just button holes!

Anyway, I'm a happy camper because she's a happy camper. I wouldn't label my wife an expert seamstress, but she does make her own dresses, and often finds something at Marshall's or TJMaxx that needs an alteration to make it work, and she's great at doing that with this machine. The price was also hundreds of dollars less than others that we evaluated, and this item shipped with Amazon Prime.

I can tell you that now that she's had it for a month, she'd purchase it again. Oh, and lessons for this machine and how to use it are all over YouTube, so there are lots of tutorials to get you over most usage questions."
I have bought this for the learning how to saw. I love this sawing machine!!! I would recommend this to you!!!
"My new singer sewing machine 7258 was sent to me from amazon and arrived very fast and in perfect condition. I do like it, but it is new! My last sewing machine has lasted for over 30 yrs. So every thing is so new to me and kind of confusing. There is nothng I needed to know before I purchased it. I just have to learn how to use a newer machine!!!"
"I purchased this sewing machine to be the first brand new machine I've ever had!  I haven't been sorry.
It's attractive, very light and sews like a dream.  Now I understand why people enjoy sewing.
I've sewn something almost every day since purchasing."
"This is one of the best sewing machines I have ever bought.  It was money well spent and I am truly enjoying it.  Very well made.
Is of good quality."
"I find this sewing machine to be very easy to use, the instructions on the machine itself make everything so simple. I love all the stitch options. I am a novice, but I picked this right up. Couldn't be happier."
"I received this as a gift.  It's so much better than the non-computerized machine I had.  Pedal is so smooth and easy to control speed.

7/24......Finding out that the shank is too low for making yoga skirts.  It  works fine with wovens - not so much with other materials.  I will probably be upgrading to a heavy duty with a higher shank.  I'm disappointed."
"My machine definitely had an issue. I was so excited to have a new, beginner-friendly machine that I couldn't wait to take it out of the box and get busy.

Well, my machine was not at all quiet. In fact, it made a tapping sound. A pretty obnoxious, though not too loud, tapping sound. I put the machine away and did not touch it again for 2 weeks. The second time I used it, it was quiet for maybe 3 minutes, then the tapping returned with a vengeance. The faster I stitched, the louder it became. I wore my iPod to drown out the noise, but I could still hear it! I thought that sewing was supposed to relieve tension! Definitely not an enjoyable sewing experience.

It was a really good machine in that the stitches were even and the feed dogs practically guided my fabric through, but that incessant tapping... Imagine a woodpecker sitting next to you going to town on petrified wood. It sounded like that. I didn't even get the chance to play with the other stitches, so I have no idea how great those are.

I'm not sure if it was just a faulty machine or beginner's luck, but I just didn't want to risk dealing with another machine with the same problem. This one went back."
"I purchased this sewing machine in February 2012.  It sews great.  No problems at all.  The only complaint is there are no accessories that comes with the machine such as buttonhole attachment and thread holder.  Other than that, it's a good sewing machine."
"This is the best sewing machine I have ever purchased as of now. It will cover all my clothing and home decor styling needs for a long time.

Before purchasing this sewing machine, I have searched for over a month a new one as I have a Brother mechanical sewing machine which is very basic, 21 stiches, all-universal presser foot and zipper presser foot. I have worked for home decor quite heavily with it but I had hard times to finalize all with ease.
Also, I like to work clothing and have noticed that I had little choices in finishing the inside seams.

So I decided an upgrade to the Singer 7258 which I consider the best alternative for the people who like to sew on their own, for fashion design students or any fashion seamstress aspirants.
It does have a lot of stiches, 10 presser feet it comes with an explanatory DVD which I have followed to learn easy about the machine's capabilities. It is good to review visually, to learn how to change the presser foot, the sewing needles and the choices there are without damaging the machine.
Also it comes with an instruction manual that helps a lot too.

I am from Toronto, Canada and could not find in stores such a performant sewing machine at an affordable price. Then, I have tried to order it through Amazon.ca but have found only one seller at over 630$ a sewing masine. I know that the Singer MSRP it's high for this quality machine, but I have searched and found this one on Amazon.com at 205$ or the Sears.com at 230$. I had also to add the S&H, the custom duties and the taxes so it all came to a fair amount of 299$ USD.
The delivery was very fast considering international shipping. It arrived within 7 days from when I have ordered. It was un-opened and in perfect condition at my door!

I am very happy with the choice I made in purchasing the Singer 7258 Stylist for my work sewing projects.

Thank you very much Amazon.com!"
"I love this machine.  It's everything I needed and more.  For the most part I only do simple sewing so I didn't really need all the stitch options on the machine, but I needed something that would sew heavy fabrics reliably.  This does it -- I had 6 layers of quilted fabric and it didn't hesitate for even a nanosecond.  The automatic threader is super spiffy and I love the fact that you can see the bobbin.  I'll need to practice not using the foot pedal, but that falls into the category of ""old dog, new tricks"" and if I decide I can't or don't want to learn to do without it, it's there to use.  Again, a great machine for everyday use and I highly recommend it."
I can't begin to tell you what an awesome sewing machine this is. Ithis was the easiest  machine I have ever used and the instructions are fantastic!!  This singer machine was the best investment I have ever made!! I would recommend this machine...it's well worth the money.
"Bought this sewing machine for my 75 year old mother in a nursing home.  Easy to use and very nice.  Awesome deal for the sewing machine, extra bobbins and case."
"There are lots of really nice things about this machine, especially coming from the disaster that was the Brother ES version I had.  There are several good reviews of this machine already available, and my comments would be similar.  It's not 100%, but for me, the active hobbyist, I'd say it's 95%.

The only thing I'd like to take the time to note is that sometimes if the machine behaves oddly it may not be the machine.

I successfully sewed a wool bag with lining, interfacing, and fusible fleece, a hefty project for a non-industrial machine.  It handled it with virtually no complaints.  After that I moved on to sewing two layers of quilt-weight cotton and the tension was insanely bad (looping like crazy).  The bobbin was nesting and the top thread would occasionally break.  I feared I ruined the machine after my heavy project, but seriously the answer was I threaded it incorrectly.  I had to go to Singer's website for FAQ troubleshooting questions and try the suggestions.  After re-threading the top bobbin it returned to its happy, low hum of stitching. Before I found out this simple, and correctable, mistake my thoughts immediately ran through the ""now I have to pay $60 to get the tension repaired"" as I did for the Brother machine.

Cautionary tale, don't get overly anxious at first if it's trying to tell you it doesn't like something you've done to it.  Some sewers don't like to trouble-shoot, but when you're dealing with a piece of equipment some times it's helpful to be resourceful first.  I would say this with any machine."
This is a great machine for beginners.  Very easy to set up and use!  I've already made 2 projects!!  The instructional DVD is very helpful!
"Good product, fast shipping. Please Amazon, don't stop shipping
 to Arizona. Easy to use. Really like ability to adjust speed with peddle. No problems with different thickness of fabrics."
I love my new singer.  I'm not a great seamstress so I needed a machine that was user friendly and like the other reviews said this one is very simple to use.  It may have a lot of features that I'll never use but the ones I do use make it very easy.
"I just replaced my 35 year old Singer with this piece of plastic...the foot controller quit working the 2nd time I used it.  How do I get the foot control replaced without returning the whole thing...I am not a happy camper.
I called Singer and after waiting 20 minutes on hold a lovely lady agreed to send me another foot controller.  Thank you Singer.  I just wish they were still made in the USA."
"I recently purchased the Singer 7256 Fashion  Mate Sewing Machine.  As of this date, I am very pleased with the product.  Very easy to work with and I love the LED light.  I can actually see what I am sewing.  I would highly recommend this sewing machine to anyone."
"I have owned this machine for a little under a year.  I had never sewn before and chose this machine to learn on based on the positive reviews, relatively inexpensive price tag, number of stitches, and the extra feet included with the machine.

First, the positives (and there are a lot of them):

It's very user friendly.  The manual is quite helpful and describes how to use each feature the machine has, and also includes recommendations for what needles/feet/tension to use depending on your fabric and stitch choices.  Stitches are selected by buttons, and it's quite simple to adjust the stitch length or width.  The backstitch button, needle up/down button, start/stop button, and speed control switch are conveniently located and easy to use.

It's quite easy to thread and wind the bobbin, and I've never had any trouble with thread breaking.  The tension is easily adjustable with a dial located on the top of the machine.

The needle up/down function quite nice.

It adjusts to a free-arm.  A big help when sewing sleeves for children's clothing.  The storage compartment in the base holds all the included extra presser feet, as well as a few more that I've purchased separately (note - the button sewing foot is awesome).

It's been dependable.  I've used this machine every other day or so for nearly a year, and it has never once jammed.  The tension settings have been consistent and the fabric feeds evenly.

The automatic needle threader makes it MUCH easier to thread.

It comes with a bunch of extra presser feet.

The one-step buttonholes are fantastic.

It's quiet.  This is important because the majority of my sewing is at night after my kids are asleep.

Now I won't say this machine really has any ""negatives""...they're more just small annoyances that from what I've read, are par for the course with an inexpensive machine:

The pressure foot pressure is not adjustable.  There have been a few times where it would have been way easier (and the garment would have had better results) had I been able to lighten the pressure of the presser foot.

The start/stop button does not work if the foot pedal is plugged into the machine.  I prefer to wind the bobbin with the push button rather than the foot pedal, and it's slightly annoying that to do so I have to unplug the foot pedal first.

With straight and zig-zap stitch settings (not any of the decorative stitch settings), the backstitch button takes one MORE stitch forward before stitching backward.  It projects where the end of your seam/stitching needs to be precise, you need to account for this and stop short, then hit the backstitch button to go one more stitch forward.  Also, there is no continuous backward stitching function, so you have to push the backstitch button 3 to 4 times.

The machine will remember your adjustments to stitch settings while the machine is on, but the memory is erased once you turn off the machine.  You'll need to adjust your stitch settings again.

You cannot drop the feed dogs.  Now granted, this is not a machine geared towards quilting, but it would be a nice feature.  On the other hand, it does come with a darning plate to cover the feed dogs which makes it possible to do free motion quilting.  However, you'll be limitied to small quilts due to the size of the throat.

The lighting could be better, but there are accessory sewing lights that you could purchase separately.

All in all, I'm very happy with this machine.  Even if I upgrade to a more expensive machine geared towards quilting (larger throat space, ability to drop the feed dogs, etc.) I will still keep my stylist.  It's not too large to travel with or take to classes, and it would be a good machine to teach my daughter with when she is older.  I'd recommend it for beginners or anyone not wanting to spend a ton of money on a home sewing machine."
This is realy a very good sewing machine. Good price. Good looking and easy to use. Good # of feet. The only thing is it should have extention table with it.
Before buying this machine I used an older model of Brother Brand. When the Brother broke down I still wanted something reasonably basic but with a few more capabilities than the Brother had been able to do. I was in no way disappointed in the way this machine stitches and runs. The DVD that comes with it is very well done and gave lot's of good information and ideas. The only things about this machine that might take some getting used to is that the power cord and foot control are seperate whereas on my Brother machine they were all connected in one cord and the foot control is less sensitive than the Brother had ben and has some delays if I take my foot off it and then try to make it go again immediately. Those are not bad things but just something that I will have to get used to. Overall it is a very easy machine to use and it truly stitches beautifully and much better than my older machine.
"Researched machines for quite awhile on line and then talked to people that sewed a lot. It came down to Singer every time for over all dependability and machine build.
This was a, I'd really like but do not expect you to get, requested gift, she was almost speechless when you opened it and was amazed at all it can do once she started using it.
Couldn't be happier with the price, she could not be happier with the machine. She says compared to the 20 year old Kenmore this Singer almost sews by itself.
Amazon delivered everything they said they would, at a price well below any others I could find and shipped quick and fast.
Could not be happier and recommend Amazon to anyone wanting great selection and the very best prices."
"This sewing machine is awesome, of course im just starting but i think is very complete.. I bought another one machine as a gift to my sister,everything is electronic and so simple."
"great machine with Singer's great warranty, comes with a accessory kit and dust cover that still allows you to pick up the handle.  scored this machine at the gold box deal $139 and free shipping.  wife loves it and replaces an old handy down."
"I am moderately good at sewing and have branched out to do more complex projects, but I needed a new machine.  I use an old green Husqvarna Model 19 which will be buried with me.  I love that machine, but ""straight"" and ""zig-zag"" just won't cut it with the projects that I was tackling.

The Singer 7258 works extremely well, and I was sewing 15 minutes after taking it out of the box.  I would have given this machine 5 stars, but I love old metal machines and am frankly afraid of doing anything really heavy duty on this machine which is very lightweight.

I have been sewing on this machine for 4 months and it has been flawless so far."
"I did a lot of research before I bought this machine.  This would be my third machine so I do have experience with sewing machines. First I would say that it does have a lot of convenient features and does come with a decent number of pressure feet and supplies. The DVD it comes with is also very helpful- it helps you understand the machine and a lot of its functions.
What I have a problem with is the sewing ability of this machine.  I sew mainly home dec projects and needed a machine to sew through upholstery material and denim and it didn't do a nice job.  Sure it sewed it but it skipped a stich here and there and the feed dogs did not move the fabric through well (and yes I had the right needle, the right thread and the right tension).  I guess you get what you pay for.  So this is going back and now Im searching for a more simple machine with a more powerful motor, better feed dogs, better piercing ability that can sew through fabrics that I use. For those of you new to sewing, it costs about $100 to repair even the smallest glitch in a sewing machine and this Singer seems like it would definately need some tweeks here and there because its just not a strong machine.  I say save the repair costs and buy a more steardy machine with less bells and whistles to avoid the repair costs!  Oh and by the way, the warranty for labor is only for the first year.... its the labor cost that is usualy over $100 esspecially if its a compuiterized machine like this one."
well i liked it when i got it and started sewing immidatly and it was great!!! untill i went to try free style embroidery.... the thing jammed and left the bottom stiches so messsed up it looked like a birds nest... even after playing with the tension.... i was using a simple zig zag stich.... and the most fatial flaw and the reason why i returned it was because instead of having a switch or leaver to drop the feed dogs i was instead provided by singer a plate to cover them with... it didn't snap on very well and when i was doing the embroidery it kept on lifting up and i could hear it click each time.... rather annoying having to fight with that when you need to concentrate on what your sewing.....
"The machine is exactly what my wife wanted, accept it has too many bells and whistles. She would have preferred a machine that is more basic.  The only problem that I have was in the shipping. It didn't come in a plane cardboard box but depicted exactly what was in the box. She got her Christmas present a few days early because of that. It would have been nice to give the present to her on Christmas Day."
"I researched for a long time before making my decision, learning about drop-in bobbins and zipper foots... but of all the reviews I read none of them told me the things I needed to read as a first-time buyer.  I'll try my best to do that here:

1.  Set up is simple straight out of the box, you plug in the power and the pedal.  You turn on the power.  Done... Threading time.

2.  The instruction manual has three different languages all on the same page, so threading your machine and learning its functions the first time will be a little frustrating.  I really suggest watching the included DVD, even though it's not model specific, it does provide a lot of helpful information.

3.  The variable speed has proven to be very useful as a first time sewer.  I was afraid of pressing the pedal and having the fabric zoom uncontrollably through my inexperienced fingers.  However, the lowest speed allows you time to see and understand how the fabric moves through the machine.

4.  My husband hovered over my shoulder during my research days incessantly questioning whether this or that model would handle denim.  I have not had a chance to sew actual denim but the machine handled 6 layers of cotton fabric - it groaned and struggled slightly but soldiered through it.  I feel confident saying that with the proper needle, this machine would handle it fine.

5.  The throat plate does have measurements engraved on it so you can line up your fabric for the seam allowance, however, I wish the bobbin cover also had the markings on it.  I have to crane forward to see the measurements and my unfamiliar hands end up pulling the fabric sideways.

6.  Automatic threader... ingenious!  I didn't read my instruction manually thoroughly the first time (too excited!) and I was trying to thread the needle manually.  Stop!  Auto-thread!  :)

All-in-all, coming from someone who had never sewn anything a day in her life and made an apron and a pillow within hours of getting the machine; this is perfection!  A wonderful first-time machine and I doubt there will be many occasions where I'd need anything more substantial.  I am very, very happy with this purchase!"
"This is my first electronic machine, i always recommende it to my friends, I always say that ""it just needs to talk"". It's easy to sew, it's very light. I really love it!"
"I recently purchased this sewing machine because I got tired of having to go to my mom's to use hers. She has an old Singer machine (she wasn't sure of the model because she bought it from a school who was replacing all of theirs years ago) and I just loved it. It was straightforward to use and I could operate it without many hitches. I wanted to find a machine that was comparable to this old one. I'm not an expert sewer, so I didn't need anything extravagant; however, I do know enough of what I'm doing that I did want something that had some neat features.

This one was not as good as the old one - it was MUCH better! It is so easy to use. Threading the machine is a breeze; all the directions are printed on the actual machine. Winding a bobbin is a cinch. I love that there is a built-in thread cutter. Changing stitch patterns is super easy, and you can see an example of what the stitch will look like easily because it is printed right below the keypad. There are a couple of features I really didn't think I would care too much about, but I have ended up loving--the speed control feature, and the needle position feature. The speed control allows you to go as fast or slow as you want. You can set the speed to slow when you have a lot of intricate work to go through and the machine won't ""take off"" on you because you've pushed the pedal down too far. The needle position feature was also great. With a simple push of a button, the needle will stop in the ""down"" position so you don't pull material out of line with where you want to be sewing. My husband walked by while I was working on something the other night and said, ""Wow that thing is really quiet, aren't they usually a lot louder??"" - the machine is SO quiet, and I love that.

The only problem I have with the machine, and thus the 4-star rating (if I could have given it a 4 1/2 star I totally would have), is that it doesn't sew thick material very well. I was making a pair of sweat pants, and when I tried sewing down the waistband, it locked up and beeped. It was pretty dang thick though, and I really don't plan on sewing anything like that very often, so it's not a huge deal for me.

All in all, this is a fantastic machine. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a high quality machine that's simple to use.

UPDATE: I have used my machine so much over the past couple of months, and I still haven't had a single problem with it! I still stand by my review that this is an AWESOME little machine!"
"I love it! I have tried all the stitches and they work perfectly.  The auto needle threader is just what I need for my ""senior"" eyes.  I haven't tried all the feet yet, but I am sure they will be fine also.  I love this sewing machine and recommend it for beginning sewer and experienced.  It simple enough for the beginner and has enough stitches to keep the experienced going for a long time."
"I bought this machine some time ago.  Really, I was taken away by the great reviews.  I would have prevered a heavier duty machine.

There are so many good reviews.  But they are probably fake.  Look on other websites.  They think the Singer is a joke as far as doing something as heavy-duty as denim or cord.

The review that irks me is one saying how easy to read the instructions are.  They are designed for someone who speaks French or Span. because they are on the right side pages all in these 2.  Back of pages have English.  They didn't bother to put the INSTRUCTIONS on the web that I could see, in English only, either.

Still have been using iron-on hem tape.  Mending has gone to pot.  Haven't bothered to read the hard-to-read instructions.  I find the foriegn languages hitting you in the face when you open intsrs. to be maddening and confusing.

There are so many good reviews on Amazon, no one will be able to read mine, but I cannot work this machine without previous knowledge of computerized machines.  I don't quilt.  Spent hours trying to understand how to make a stitch wider or longer using instrs."
"I have only had the opportunity to use this machine a few times since I got it, but I will say it definitely performs great! Once you figure out the 'self threading needle' mechanism, you realize how handy it is. But the biggest benefit to me was how easily it handles thick fabric/multiple layers. I bought this machine because I was literally ready to throw my bargain Kenmore at the wall & attack it with a sledge hammer - it would drop multiple stitches, and bind up thread on the back side regularly. In particular, I had been working on making a Wilfred dog Halloween costume with faux fur (low pile, mind you). The Singer zipped right through the multiple layers of fur without any hesitation, no thread breakage or binding up, and perfect stitches. So for heavier duty projects (not sure on denim...) this machine can hold its own!

I have played around with just using the start/stop button without the pedal, and it was super easy to get used to (and kind of fun, too :D).

I can't attest to how it holds up under heavy use. I plan to alter some dress shirts that are too big after losing weight, and probably some slacks too. And perhaps I'll update my review if necessary. But to address other user issues, I haven't had any bobbin 'popping' issues, the tension adjusts itself for each stitch, but I found modifying it is simple if you feel the need, and I haven't really played around with the decorative stitches, but when I do I'll post whether they are good quality or not (with repetitive use)."
I am new to sewing and I am IN LOVE with this machine.  My first projects were blankets and with this machine I got it done in a snap.  I cant wait til I get a bit better at sewing so I can use the Flower stitch on this machine.  I would highly reccommend this machine to anyone.
"This machine is all that it's raved about and then some.  Adding to what's already said, this machine is also very quiet.  The instruction book is really detailed.  I'm a beginning sewer and I found the instruction book for this machine to be more helpful than some actual books!!  It shows a lot of the stitches, tells what the stitches are used for and details on how to do these stitches.  The drawings are very concise and clear.  When it says something is automatic, it is totally automatic.  I did a test buttonhole and all I did was put the fabric in, pressed the foot pedal and sat back with my hands in my lap.  The machine did it all.  That was hard to comprehend at first till I actually did it!!  I also like how you can adjust the speed.  I have it on slow and this is just right for a beginning sewer such as myself.  You can push the foot pedal all you want, it's not going any faster.  This works out well if your foot twitches or can't keep a steady pressure.  I have and will continue to recommend this machine.  For all that this machine does (including not having to use the foot pedal), I would think this would be a great machine for those who are physically challenged and love to sew."
This machine is a very easy to use machine with a lot of professional features. Highly recommend it. Definetly five stars.
"I really wanted to love this machine, but sadly, I ignored the negative reviews and bought it anyway, don't make the same mistake!

First of all, this is the first machine I've bought.  I've been sewing on my grandmother's old machine, then my mother's old machine.  I thought I wanted some more bells and whistles, and got nothing but frustration.

The bobbin keeps popping out of it's case, creating a huge knot of thread.  After cleaning up the mess and filling a different bobbin, the same thing happens.  The decorative stitches only worked once.  The stitching comes out loose and messy, no matter how much I try to change the tension, it's still a mess.  After 6 months of unsatisfactory use, I resigned myself to bring it in to get it serviced.  I convinced myself that maybe it sat around the factory for a while and just needed a tune up.  $80 later, I have the machine back and it still has the same issues.  I contacted Singer only to be told it's out of warrenty, whatever happened to 25 years?!  I'm done with it, and will be selling it on craigslist for half the price I bought it for.  With the money I get from this lemon, I'll now switch from ever buying another Singer and will move on to another brand.  To bad Singer's service has gone so bad, the old machine's I use are still working and haven't been serviced in years.  If I were you, don't even consider this machine, and based on how poorly they treated my problem, I will only be using the old machines that worked and still work and will move on to a different company."
"This machine rocks...very dependable.  Also, it is quite.  I am very glad  that I bought this machine.  It is the top of the line for the price."
"I really wanted to love this machine, and I still sorta do. But after I had a bunch of thread bunch up on me and am the bobbin house, I was kind of annoyed. After clearing this whole mess and clearing out the casing, mind you I've only used this for three days, the machine now makes a funny kerchunk kind of grinding noise. It concerns me and just makes me feel like -____- why... sigh.

Costco has a similar sewing machine (the Singer Brilliance) with an extended table, hard case, and just about the same amenities... I think I'm going to keep mine cuz I do enjoy the clear bobbin viewer but that grinding noise is really irritating for one, and makes me wonder if the machine will break down soon.

It worked great when it worked though! :)"
Bought it for my mother after her old one broke. It has more features than her old one and she was ecstatic when she received it.
"I bought this machine to replace my other Singer Stylist, which was over 35 years old.  I haven't found the need for all the stitches this machine can produce, but every time I have tried one, it's worked perfectly.  Very happy with the machine, and like that you can set the speed at which the machine sews.  My 9 year old has learned on this machine and has no trouble threading it herself. Overall, a great machine for the money."
"I bought this product because of a few reviews I read about it. I am really new to sewing and previously owned an old cheap Brother machine. Buying this machine was one of the best decisions I could have made. The machine is solid. It doesn't shake around when you're sewing fast. It comes with so many feet, I can't imagine that I will need to buy any in the future, unless I lose something.

The best feature this has, in my opinion, is the button that allows the machine to stop with the needle down every time. This is very helpful when I'm turning the fabric to sew a curve. I'm not very good at this, so I have to stop sewing quite a bit to turn the fabric. This was also very helpful when I was making an applique blanket. If you do not use that button, the needle always stops up. That is really nice also. One reviewer mentioned that if you left the button on to keep the needle down and you manually put the needle up, sometimes it won't let you take your fabric out, but this is solved simply by making sure you move the needle is all the way up. I haven't had that problem at all.

The LED light is nice and bright. I love it and it seems so much brighter than my old Brother machine.

The stitch possibilities are endless. I've been playing around with some of the decorative stitches and it's quite fun. I can't wait to actually do a project with these. So far, I've only really used the standard straight stitch and zigzag stitch.

I highly recommend this sewing machine to everyone. It works like a dream."
"Two of my friends at the office helped me find a new sewing machine on line, then we each bought one.  We are all happy sewers now.  The machine sews smoothly and quietly.  Why did I suffer so long with the old machine - it was twenty years old."
"Gift for seamstress daughter.  She has blessed and lauded this machine to the whole neighborhood.  Extremely happy with this machine, would not exchange it, does everything she asks of it, and the instructions are correct, DO NOT use cheap thread."
I purchased this sewing machine after my 26 year old Singer finally gave up!!! I love this machine!!! I can't say enough on how easy all of my sewing projects have become. I became use to my old machine constantly binding up in the bobbin and all the other issues I was constantly encountering with my old machine. This machine has turned sewing into a joy again!!!!
This is a great sewing machine.  I am enjoying this product because it is easy to use and sews very well.
"My old machine broke down so I spent weeks researching a replacement. I finally decided to give the Stylist a shot because of the good reviews.

The first machine I received worked for three weeks (or 3 minor projects). I sewed a few simple curtains and was pretty happy with how the machine handled. I then tried to shorten a few pairs of capris into regular shorts. They weren't denim or other heavy fabric. I got through the first pair of shorts without a problem but on the second pair the tension stopped working.

I called the Singer customer service number and was told there was a wait. They offer the option of emailing them . . . lol . . . I sent them an email two weeks ago and still have not received any sort of response. Two days after no email response I called them, put my phone on speaker and waited half an hour to talk to someone. You have to wait on a silent phone with a recorded messaged playing every 6 or so minutes telling you someone will be with you.

So half an hour later I explained to the lady that my tension dial wasn't doing anything. The top thread was just sitting on the top of my fabric no matter which way I turned my dial. She told me it sounded like a bobbin issue and that I could take it to their repair shop. No thank you. I hadn't even had it a month.

I sent it back to Amazon and decided to give the Stylist a second chance. It does have many good reviews. Maybe I just got a lemon. The replacement machine was on my doorstep less than 24 hours. I set it up, grabbed the shorts and things just went down hill from there.

The bobbin thread created a nest of thread twice. When it was sewing 'correctly' it would miss one stitch. Less than 20 minutes after I started sewing, the tension dial stopped working. I packed it up and returned it. The second machine wasn't even in my house 4 hours."
"I couldn't be happier with this machine. I have been doing light sewing for about 20 years. My last machine was an inexpensive Brother and I could never get the tension right, the thread would either break in the middle of sewing or be way too loose. Since I plan on sewing more than I have in the past, I decided I needed a new machine and singer has never disappointed me. This one is amazing. I have had no problems with the tension and while it does auto adjust, you can change it a little to get it just right. The patterns it comes with are great and the button hole settings are so easy to use. I never did a button hole before getting this machine, but using this machine my first one was perfect! It comes with a rolling hem foot also, which is hard to get used to at first, but with practice it will be a valuable tool. I really wish I had a machine like this 10 years ago I have not had any problems with it so far, it makes me excited to sew and try new harder patterns since I know I won't be fighting with the machine. Between it and my Serger I feel like I can do anything."
"At first I loved this machine....yup I did and then a couple months after I bought it the bobbin case kept popping out.  I have tried everything to fix it and no luck.  I am still working at it as well and no I don't want to bring something I paid $160.00 for to a repair shop after a couple months of usage. I have tried to contact Singer and they do not email me back.  I tried to call them and was on hold for a half hour, yes an actual half hour.  All the features caught my eye and now I just wish I spent my money elsewhere.  If anyone else has a solution to my bobbin case problems please email me willtolivelife@gmail.com.

Thank you for reading this and I hope you don't have the same problems too!"
"I purchased this machine after my other sewing machine died.  Prior to buying this machine, most of my sewing was limited to making very simple things like pillows and the occasional Halloween costume.  Now I hope to expand by abilities to sew other things.  I love the ease of the drop-in bobbin.  My previous machine had a front loading bobbin and it was a pain in the neck!  I also love all of the stitches that are built-in.  I haven't had time to try all of them, but I plan on it.  The size of the machine makes it easy to move around and store.  It also seems to be solid and well built.  This is important since I need to be able to easily move it from room to room."
This is a sturdy machine with a bunch of options!  I'm a casual sewer and it meets my needs perfectly!  It sews precisely and quietly...much smoother than my old machine.  I would recommend!
"I've sewn on a 1973 Elna SU as long as I can remember sewing, but lately the machine has been needing more frequent trips to the repair shop to keep it tuned. I bought this machine based on the great reviews as a reliable ""back up"" machine, but I think I'm spoiled now with how easy it is to program the stitches on this Singer (on the old Elna, you have to look up every adjustment in the manual, change cams, etc to change stitches). I've used this machine quite a lot for various intermediate projects: quilting, sewing jersey garments, etc.  Whenever the stitches start to look sloppy, it is always a result of me not checking to see that the bobbin was threaded correctly. It hasn't jammed once no matter how fast I sew, which is almost always as fast as the machine will go.

I had very modest expectations for this machine, and it's exceeded them. The only negative thing I can say is that compared to my Elna -- and Elnas are known for their exquisite stitches, so it's not really a fair comparison -- the understitch of many of the decorative stitches is not quite as precise as the topstitch. That's the difference between a high-end sewing machine and machines at this price point. Considering that this machine has become my primary machine because of ease of use and reliability, it's obviously not much of a drawback.

And lastly, I was to receive free 2-Day Prime shipping, but it was on my doorstep the next day!"
"I purchased this machine recently after a bad experience with another machine. This is my first computerized machine, and I could not be happier! It is well worth the money, not to mention all the extras it comes with.

I love the ease with which it sews. I would rate myself at an intermediate level, but I did take a class the other night. Even the woman who has been teaching this for years was impressed with the machine.

For me, the best features are the fact that you have the option to sew with out the use of a foot peddle. The sew speed can be adjusted. The seam allowance measurements are right on the plate, unlike the mechanical machine I had before. It is also very quiet compared to the other one, and much easier to operate. I also LOVE the fact that you can choose (with the push of a button) to have the machine stop with the needle either up or down automatically. While you would normally want to stop with the needle up, there are some projects that require the needle down, and this feature just makes it much easier.

I would highly recomend this machine!!"
I did my research before I decided on this sewing machine. I currently owned a Kenmore one and it sucked! Im pretty happy with this one so far I don't think id be able to hem a pair of jeans it doesn't want to fed threw on heavy fabric. Another thing is the thread seems to flop around while sewing but anything is better than what I was using im sure I just need to fine tune it. I love all the stiches that are on it! I got mine threw Sears for $175 free shipping on there website.
"I read all the raving reviews about this machine and was taken in by them.  I had the Stylist machine less than a month.
It jammed constantly.  Yes, I had the correct bobbin and rethreaded the machine constantly.  The NEEDLE THREADER quit working in about 2 weeks.  I know it was a BARGIN  price, but ....it should have had some QUALITY.  Did not.  I have returned the machine after 4 weeks.  I will be more careful next time.  In fact I'll go to buy one and not think of ordering something like this over the internet.
I have not heard about a refund.  I bought it on Amazon.com store special and made one payment.  We shall see.
Sight unseen.....beware.
Helen Richards"
my old machine died and I was desperate for a new one.  This one surpasses anything I was thinking of.
I ordered this sewing machine for my granddaughter who is making designer hats and pillows etc. and she loves it! She has made several items and had to read the manual to start. She said it was so easy to learn because the manual is easy to use and very helpful. This machine is not a beginners machine but a beginner can use it! Great buy :)
I am very happy with my Singer machine.  I wanted a machine  that wasn't complicated to use but had some additional features if I needed them for future  projects.  The directions were easy to understand and I was able to get started without any problems.  I am looking forward to using more and more of the 100 stitch options and also the ruffler.  The delivery time was amasing too.............Thank You
"This is a great sewing machine for a great price. I bought this to upgrade from by cheap brother machine. It is so much better and has so many stiches. It is a breeze to sew and threading the needle is easy. Also, the bobbin winder is wonderful! Great purchase!"
"At first I was a little hesitant to buy a singer sewing machine... the quality of the brand has gone down hill quite steadily over the years. I prefer Janome, but they are way out of my price range. I'm 18 years old, but an expert sewer so it was pertinent that I get myself a good machine, that wouldn't break a college student's bank. I found the Singer Stylist 7258, and thought ""Okay, I'll get it, I PRAY it works well. It seems to have all the features that a janome would, minus the drop feed.""  I was pleasantly surprised the night I got it. It sews great!! The features are delightful. I did have one mishap with it, though. The thread underneath caught and locked up my machine, I looked in the manual how to fix it, but it didn't work. So I called singer and they talked me through fixing it. The customer service department was beyond excellent!!

Pros: Customer service is great, smooth sewing, lots of features, comes with an immense amount of accessories, excellent stitches.
Cons: If it did need to go out to be serviced, there aren't many singer servicing stations... which means your warranty really only goes so far.

I'd definitely recommend this sewing machine!!!"
"I am thrilled with my new machine!  It came as expected and in good shape.  I am just getting back into sewing and will need to re-educate myself, but this machine has so many possibilities! The collection of stitches is exciting--lots more than any other machine in this range.  It seems sturdy and well made; even from coming off of an ancient singer I've used over the years.  The included attachments and automatic functions make it a total thrill to use.  I think I will be doing a lot more sewing...I am very pleased with this choice."
"This machine is just wonderful.  I'm glad I read all the reviews out there on all machines.  This one definitely had the most positive feedback, so I bought it when our other machine died.  I'm so happy we did.  The speed control is such a nice feature.  My 12 yr old daughter was a bit fearful of the power of our other machine and was intimidated.  When she sat down to do this one, she LOVED it!  I can see she'll eventually up the speed, but she loves that no matter how hard she presses on the pedal, she won't lose control.
The machine was a breeze to set up.  I can thread a machine pretty easily, but this one was so simple I should have left my daughter do it.  It took me all of 5 minutes to do it, and that included filling the bobbin, loading the bobbin, and threading the machine!
The number of stitches it offers is awesome.  My daughter is very creative and already has ideas popping in her head on what she can do with all the stitches (99?)!
The machine is quiet and the structure is made of steel.  Overall I am super satisfied with this machine!"
"Now you might think by looking at this review that I am buying and then letting my wife say how well she loves this machine. WRONG!!!! Yes I did buy this machine and it was a birthday present for my wife. Our last machine was burned up in a house fire back in 1998 which seems ages ago now Still. All of our clothes were burned up during that fire as well. So we did not have time to make new clothes or use a sewing machine much after that. Yes you will please note that I have said WE many times in the use of this machine. Guys your going to have to get with the programs here. I first learned to sew from My Grandmother. That was on an old treadle sewing machine made by ""YOU GUESSED IT"" Singer I wish I had gotten that machine but it was given to someone else not me. I learned on that machine and then when I turned 8 years old my step mom got a New Singer in a cabinet. That one had dozens and dozens of the black plastic cams that dropped into the top of the machine to give it all sorts of stitches. zig zags and even stitches to monogram with. Boy did I have fun with it. I even did me a couple of western shirts with arrowheads on the points of the collars. Dang that was fun. I took Home ec. In High School. I may not have been the brightest bulb on the tree but I was the only guy in a class with 25 girls. It was so much fun standing there in my gym shorts and having these girls trying to dress me up with shirts and slacks and vest's, Jackets. you name it it was fun Even when I got to build mini skirts and halter tops for the girls as well. I even got to do a show for the whole school. The next year i was not the only guy in class.
Now even though I am over 60 it does continue to be fun for my wife and I to do things together. we do some upholstery and Camo stuff for our own. I have built a drywasher for gold panning Working on Tent flys you name it we are doing lots of things. Folks this new machine may only have one hundred stitches but boy is it fun to work with. I have even done some leather and some lace for mosquito netting. I make some velvet bags for putting our bows and guns in the Velvet I use has a silicone impregnated thread and cloth as well. This makes the fifth Singer machine we have owned over the last fifty years I have been sewing. Every one is better than the last. Keep up the great work folks.

FYI I got the best price shipping taxes and all by buying through Amazon!!! Also got it in 4 days time.

dray"
"I make quilts - a lot of them, mostly pieced but some appliqued.  I bought this machine last November - a little shakily at getting it online rather than from a dealer - but it's been a wonderful experience.  The delivery was super fast, the price was great, and I have been sewing away happily ever since.  Finished half a dozen quilt tops, a couple tote bags, a quilted cover for my Kindle, and a couple wall hangings are shaping up nicely.  The manual is great, the machine easy to figure out, and altogether I am delighted that I got it.  It isn't the fanciest machine I've ever used, but it does all that I need it to do, and it does it well.  What more could I ask for?

I've always had a soft spot for Singer machines - I learned on an old Singer treadle that my Dad had converted to electric for my Grandma in the early 40's and then passed on to my mother, and my prom dress was made on an Aunt's treadle Singer, still going strong in the late 60's.  I have another Singer - the ""simple"" model, that I lug around to classes and stuff - it works well, also, in spite of all the ""lugging"" in the back of my car!"
Great sewing machine! Easy to use
had my old Singer 40 years and got this one really like it still learning new thinks about it.
Loved mechanics of the machine but I used it three times and it won't sew. Contacted Singer they want me to pay to send it to a company to have it fixed. The nearest one is New Jersey. I have tried to call them to make sure they can fix it. I left a message but no one has contacted me.
"My Kenmore was purchased in 1977 for $199, Yes, I still have the receipt in the book it came with. It was too heavy for me to cart around, so I got this one. I love it. Lightweight, has oodles of stitches..nice!"
"I received this sewing machine as a birthday gift.  I'm a beginner sewer and have been teaching myself.  This machine has been great.  It is very easy to thread.  It has a ton of stitch patterns to choose from.  I have only used the basic stiches needed to mend a few clothes.  I haven't gotten into using all of the fancy designs, but I did play around with testing a few of them and they seemed to work properly once you got the hang of feeding it through the machine at the right pace.

Also, I love the clear bobbin cover!  That helps to keep track of when your bobbin thread is getting low and it's time to replenish.  It has the option to have your needle stop up or down with the push of a button, you can set your sewing speed (slow for us beginners and speed it up once you get better), a reverse stitch button, an automatic needle threader (which took some time to figure out but now I love!), and it comes with an assortment of presser foots.  Like I said, I'm a newbie, so I haven't used all the presser foots and aren't even sure I know what all of them are used for.  I think for the price and all the options you get, it's a great deal!

The machine seems to be well made and sturdy.  Plus all the options and gadgets are nice."
The sewing machine did not include the power cord. Its only use right now is as a paperweight. I expected more considering the box was marked Amazon Inspected. Whoever did the inspection needs retraining.
Great product
"as a beginner , sewing is absolutely a breeze with this machine !"
Love it
Thx
