"I haven't used sewing machine since junior high and let's just say that's been a long time ago.  I recently needed to sew a number of items and my hand stitching is awful.  I found prospect of purchasing a machine rather intimidating & I wasn't sure if I would be able to use it.

 After much research I settled on this machine.  It came with a dvd on how to use it.  While watching the dvd I put the machine on my coffee table and it walked me through step by step.  I was sewing in no time and felt completely comfortable doing it.

 That alone was worth the purchase price but this machine can do so much more.  It came with a lot of accessories as well.  I couldn't be happier with my purchase."
"I bought this machine to use for quilting, and so far, I've been very impressed. I was skeptical getting a machine that was ""computerized,"" but it's actually very helpful. It beeps when something isn't right so that you don't start sewing with the foot up or similar. I have used it to sew several layers of thickness and haven't had a problem. I previously purchased the Singer Talent and had to return it due to a weak motor, and this is a dream in comparison. Much quieter, and so much more for the money."
"I purchased my Brother X9500PRW Sewing Machine in 2010.  I began using the machine late last year and it is a very easy machine to use. If there is a problem with the machine, the instruction booklet is easy to read and intrepret.  It has just enough features that can create wonder designs on my quilted pieces. I will be ready for the advance version of this machine in the very near future.  I would recommend this machine over a singer any day."
5 Star Seller ***** Great communication & very fast shipping.  Love this machine as it can do everything.  I use this for every day sewing as I have a great brother embroidery machine.  I love that is sews all thicknesses with  ease.  The many stitch functions allow me to have great finished hems & borders.  Very easy to thread & use.  I love Brother sewing machines as they last for ever. I finally decided to upgrad my old brother sewing machine.
"I recently bought this machine on Amazon and I just love it! I love the big table and all the stitching functions! I even doubled and tripled the fabric that I was sewing on and tested out all the button hole stitches and decorative stitches and it worked just beautifully!<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XR9500PRW-Sewing-Machine/dp/B005GXPOAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XR9500PRW Sewing Machine</a>"
"I purchased this item from Amazon.com

I recently started quilting and wanted a machine that could handle this.  After looking at multiple choices, I chose the Brother XR9500PRW.  I am very pleased with the results I have had with it.  Since I also make a lot of my own clothing, I love the way this machine accomodates all my projects.

The only problem I have encountered is using the buttonhole maker.  I am making a blazer with facing and interfacing.  Will not feed all the layers so I am forced to make them the old fashioned way - by hand!

I give this machine 5 stars and would recommend it to anyone."
Love this machine. Very easy to use.
"So far, this machine is a beauty. I'm a total beginner and I was able to sew no problem after a half hour of watching a video and playing with it. The threading and what not is super simple. And changing the feet is a breeze. It's got some beautiful features and all the inclded stitches are super cool."
"LOVE this machine, at first I thought hmmm! it was too light I worry that wasn't going to be sturdy, but WRONG, it is awesome."
My wife bought one of these machines in January and it lasted one month. Sent it back and exchanged it for a new one. The second one lasted two months before it quit sewing. Called Brothers and the person said to take it somewhere to be fixed. However only certain things might be warranted depending what is wrong with it. I am not happy with Brothers or their service. Went out and bought a Singer. I would have to say don't waste your money with Brothers. One star because there isn't any minus stars.
works great as added features to the last modle we had to replace
This sewing machine is amazing! The stiches come out so clean and the amount of stitch choices makes for some really creative and unique patterns c:
"i looooooveeee it
nice very complete
so easy to use
 excelent price
fast shipping

thankeyou im very happy"
"easy to use, wife loved it"
"Very impressed with it. Bought it for my gf, she was super happy. Works like  a magic."
"I really love this machine. I especially like the automatic needle threading,  simplicity of operation, and selection of stitches. Also like the convenience of hand power operation instead of the foot pedal."
broke one year later!!
"It never worked as designed. I kept getting error codes and put it aside. Now I find out this was a common complaint, the board of the computers go bad and cannot be replaced inexpensively."
Package arrived with box soaking wet and was falling apart. Machine dry though.  All the accessories are missing! Can't use most of the stitches without all the pressure feet.  Will you please send me the accessories missing from the box!
"My wife ordered this used sewing machine. She was surprised  when it arrived. It looks brand new! What she did notice was that the part the pases the tread to sew and use the machine.(see picture) I unscrewed ir,straitened it out with a plier and reinstalled it. With that fix it works perfectly. She loves it!"
Great product for a good price.
Daughter loves this machine. Easy to use.
"Bought this for my 11 year old niece who had been taking sewing classes for over 2 years and is a pretty advanced seamstress for her age and this sewing machine was a perfect buy. It will totally grow with her and my mother, who has been sewing for over 50 years said, after looking at the Brother XR9500PRW, that unless this breaks she should totally be able to use this way into adulthood."
Great buy and fast delivery
"Replaced my wife's broken Kenmore for this one. She absolutely loves it, says it has so many more options than the other machine. My daughter loves it as well, but that's mainly because she saw them using it on the show."
I find it very difficult to thread the needle.  It is  not a simple thing at all.
Great machine very happy
It works well and I love all the stitch options.  I like the different stitch speed options.
It arrived in good shape.  it was easy to thread and I was sewing in no time!
"This is a nice all purpose sewing machine for general sewing.  Specialists (quilters, embroidery fans) may prefer a machine designed specifically for them, but for those who dabble...this is a good machine.

One thing I learned from my sewing machine repair shop...if your machine isn't sewing perfectly right out of the box, it may need fine tuning by a pro.  Entry level machines  (as in under $1000) are often inflicted with poor adjustment from the factory.  A trip to the pro shop, and your machine will not vibrate, skip stitches, etc.

This machine performs well whether you are making tiny craft items or bulky drapes.  In short, it is a good all purpose machine.  The slow sew feature is fantastic for novices to prevent it ""running away"" with you.  The automatic button holer is fantastic too.

Here is a trick I use.  I put the owner's manual (downloaded from Brother as a pdf) on my Kindle and keep it near my machine for the features I don't use so often.  Super easy to refer to the directions then and much easier than dealing with a paper copy of the manual."
Was a gift but she loves it.
Great machine..Brothet does it again.
"Its  better then whats look like
 And its cheap price for amazing machine
 I love it and I like it so much

thank you"
"It was good while it lasted but like many others it jammed up, badly. I need to remove the plate but the screwdriver won't fit. This is so disappointing."
"I've had this machine for two years now. It had some issues sewing lighter knit fabric, it would eat them until I purchased a different foot for these fabrics. Two years later I've discovered that the machine seems to break once a year around the same time, the worst part is that I have to take it to a shop to get it fixed and even oiled because of the electronic parts. It may be perfect for you if you want to take it to a shop and pay someone just to oil the machine for you. If you prefer to oil and do a little maintenance yourself I recommend going with something without a LCD display. The cost of fixing the machine hasn't been worth it for me since none of the issues have been covered in the warranty and it's already cost me $100 for one repair, the repair prices have made the machine not worth fixing."
"This machine does everything I've needed it for, as a developing hobbyist. It is very easy to thread and use. It came with an excellent instruction book that I keep in my sewing desk for reference. Although I haven't used all the stitches, the ones I have used are wonderful. The larger quilting table is very useful, I use it almost exclusively. This machine in fairly quiet too.

My only complaint is the one font for the lettering is plain and boxy, so I still do my lettering by hand, but it would be good enough for labeling or putting names on belongings.

I've had a lot of fun learning with this machine in the last 8 months, and I would highly recommend it to any new or experienced crafters."
This is the coolest sewing machine I have owned. I have owned a singer for the past 35 years. It recently broke and would have cost more to fix it than the price of this Brother. I haven't used it for too long so I can't elaborate on all of it's features. But so far I love it!
I like this machine.  I was able to start sewing on it right away.  If you have trouble with the needle threader YouTube is very helpful.  I do thing that they could have used a medal pressure foot lever.  The plastic one feels cheap
I just love this machine!
"I am not the most proficient sewer in our home. I am however the only one to tackle some of the more difficult jobs. To that end, the machine has to be better than me because I need all of the help I can get. This sewing machine from Brother has performed admirably. I have made curtains and sewn about 10 hems in pants for the kids. The embroidery is kind of a neat gimmick but I thought I would be able to do more with it. Monograms appear to be the only thing I can figure out to do. All in all it is a great machine for the general use/hobbyist crowd. I expect professional sewers would find it lacking in some regards, for me this was plenty and a bit overkill. Thanks for reading my review."
My wife loves her new machine.
Love this easy to use I'm marking my first  quilt so it's bin grate for that
first time sewing machine buyer and I found it easy to use and it seems to work as well as needed so far
"This sewing machine is truly awesome !!  Literally within 5 minutes of opening up the box I was up and running and sewing !!  Quick start instructions were easy to read and I was able to quickly wind a bobbin then thread up the machine.  The action of this machine is very smooth and it feeds material through very well without jams.  The lower bobbin is very easy to place and if you follow the guides as to where to place the thread, it works just fine.  The automatic needle threader for the upper thread is just OK.  It's a nice idea, but I wish that the hook that pulls the thread through the eye of the needle would release the thread further along so that the loop of thread that is left in the eye of the needle is bigger and easier to grab hold of.  Apart from that quirk, the threader works like it is intended to do.  I spent a whole day working with this machine and it never jammed up once.  One thing when you are winding a bobbin - do NOT stop half-way through and let the thread get loose.  I stopped for a second to talk to my daughter and I was showing her the thread and it got loose and half the thread got wrapped around the shaft underneath the circular plate below the bobbin winder.  The circular piece of plastic is removable however so not a big deal.  I love the variable speed setting.  When I was sewing, I had it cranked up, but when I was teaching my daughter, we put it down on the slowest setting and that made it easy for her.  I haven't tried out all the stitches yet.  The reason I chose this machine (the XR9500PRW) over the CS6000i machine was the fact that the display on the XR9500PRW has a back light.  The CS6000i comes with more accessories - but I'm not sure I would be using them all anyway and a lot of people complained in the reviews about the display being hard to read on the CS6000i because it had no back light.  I'm not sure why Brother chose not to put a back light - seems silly to me.  Anyway the two machines are pretty identical in most respects and I found the display on the XR9500PRW easy to use and of course it has the back light so the display is readable in any lighting conditions.  Some people mentioned that the light over the sewing area was not sufficient - I found it to be just fine.  Of course more light is always better - but I didn't find that it was inadequate for the task of seeing what you were doing.  When you stop sewing the needle always stops with the needle down in the material - apparently there is a way to change that so it always stops with the needle up - that would stop me from needing to press the needle up button every time - but I will look that up online.
I highly recommend this machine and I am looking forward to making more stuff on it !!"
"I have been sewing for about 5 years now and have tried a few different machines.  My 6 year old daughter has also taken up sewing, so we've tried a lot of ""beginner"" machines with her as well.  This is by far my favorite of all the machines we've tried.

What I love:
- Lots of different stitch options and easy to figure out how to use them
- Speed options -- this is so great for the newbies and little ones
- Drop in bobbin -- how did I ever live without this?
- Fairly heavy duty -- I can sew through 4 layers of fleece with this, no problem

What's Not So Great:
- I can't seem to figure out the ""monogram"" feature -- it's supposed to be programmable, but I can never get it right

This machine really works well with all kinds of different fabrics from fleece to knit, to very light weight (think sheer Elsa cape).  My daughter has a Singer Start and she is always begging to use my machine instead. Her's is constantly making weird noises, gets the thread all stuck and can't seem to handle anything thicker than two layers.

This is the one I recommend to anyone who is looking.  I know it's pricier than many of the ""starter"" models, but worth it!!"
It felt like a toy..I returned it..it had a lot of nice features but not strong enough for me..it wouldn't sew through 3 layers of a guilt without breaking needle and thread..but for someone doing normal sewing it would work
Love my new sewing machine can't wait to get started on my next project my old one just gave out on me so I'm very excited about the sewing machine and it came right when it was supposed to thanks Amazon
This is an awesome sewing machine works great...Love it !!!
"For simple sewing it is good. Within a few weeks, the rod that holds the needle bent from maneuvering the fabric. It was not worth having it repaired. For easy projects I would say it is good.  But disappointed."
Really like this sewing machine. I am a beginner so I did need to do research on some things on the internet. I would recommend it does a lot for the price compared to others.
works well
Purchased for my daughter...she loves it.
I am a novice at sewing. This machine is easy to learn on. I doubt I will ever get to use all the stitches. It is nothing like my grandmoms sewing machine! The sewing machine is designed well for sleeve and pant leg hem sewing.  Sewing machines sure have come a long way!  I also love that it comes with a durable cover.
"Very happy with this machine!  The embroidery feature is a bonus, but note that it is about 1/4"" high block letters, no van to vary font if this is important to you.  Lots of accessory feet and embroidery and various other stitches!  Very lightweight and easy to transport.  Very reasonable price for so many features!!!"
Its very user friendly.  I own other Brothers and very satisfied with its performance.
"Runs very well.  It is a craft machine, so if you're looking for something for heavy-duty work, you might want to look elsewhere.  The stitches are fun."
great
"Really nice machine, has become my daily use machine.  Never an issue with stitching, very easy to switch stitches and feet.  Pretty much idiot proof!"
"I am newbie to sewing. I never took Home ec in high school and always regretted not learning to sew. My husband bought this machine for me for Christmas and Ive been slowly learning how to sew for the past two months thanks to a local sewing class, youtube and Pinterest. I have no experience with other machines so i cant compare, but my machine seems very easy to use once you have figured out the basics like threading the needle, etc. The button hole feature is fun and easy once you practice. The instructions in the book for actually sewing the button on are hard to understand so I found a YouTube video that helped explain it better.

Overall I think this is a great machine for beginners and those with some sewing experience."
"Wow, its amazing sewing machine. Its very quite, has 3 speeds, and a lot of functions. Its not so heavy. It looks great. I love it."
Table catches on small pieces (quilting extension) other then that great
My mom loved it! I am very impressed with all this machine can do. Thanks!!
I bought this for my wife(yeah right). I love this machine. I have never sewn on a machine before this one.
"I absolutely love this machine. I previously owned the csi6000 for 6 years, but broke it. (Thread caught on spool at top speed and jammed the needle hard on the plate and bent shaft too expensive to fix) I needed a replacement so I bought this model. I absolutely love it. For those that say the material jams under the pressure foot. Try using a scrap piece of material as a lead piece if you need your stitch to start at the edge of your material. I love the way brothers stitch out. I have a pfaff Creative vision 5.0 and this brothers is my go to machine to do every day sewing."
"After a lot of research about which sewing machine, brand and sewing options would be best for a newbie sewer, I choose the Brothers XR9500PRW. What I like most is the monogramming option! My son plays baseball, I like to have his jersey # on his hats, haven't done it yet but I can when I feel comfortable enough to do so. Box was puncture on one side but no damage was dThe threading option is neat, the bobbin winding, the footless sewing, reverse sewing all awesome for me. The reason I gave it 4 not 5 stars is because the monogramming is a set size, Ive included a picture, wish they could go bigger but I guess."
"I am brand new to sewing and didn't know where to start with purchasing a machine that would be affordable but also perform. My sister helped me look at some online and this is the one we went with, so far so good!"
Great product. Bought as a gift.
WONDERFUL
I'm new to sewing.  This is a fantastic machine for beginners and can certainly take you further.
"This is my third brother 6001 machine and I expect them to be disposable at this price point. This machine is a work horse until it's not, and it happens in the blink of the eye. If it needs to be cleaned or oiled, just buy a new one. I have two spares for bobbin winding that are good for nothing else. The upper tensioning mechanism is garbage. The thread pops out with the slightest vibration and causes the bobbin to bind up. Not wild about the proprietary nature of bobbins (plastic, and smaller capacity) and lack of available feet. I keep my 20 year old janome for some things because my universal feet don't work with this machine. 3 stars for price and adjustable speed."
Runs very smoothly. I sew a lot and am pleased with the quality I get from my Brother.
"I bought this machine two months ago because these low end Brothers get so much bad press on other sewing sites, and some of the YouTube reviews are so awful. Mainly because they are made by people who cannot take the time to read the manual nor to learn the very basic sewing hints and helps that make using a machine possible.  Having decades of sewing experience and owning several machines at a much higher price point, I wanted to see for myself what Brother has on the market in the big box stores and online that a person could purchase for a low and affordable price.

Well, here is the bottom line - this is a nice machine. The case is plastic and not as sturdy perhaps as some more pricey machines. BUT, the needle bar area and the innards seem to hold up really well to the sewing I have done. I have made a few projects on this machine, including a quilted greeting card that requires sewing through the fabric, the batting and a paper backing. No problem, not even a hesitation.  Then I did a stitchout of the entire stitch range on the machine including buttonholes and lettering. Yes, the lettering is simple and you have one font. BUT, can you imagine how nice some of the stitches are? AND I find the Brother machines really do a nice stitch! As nice as any machine I have used, and I have used a Bernina or two in classes, as well as my own Elna and Janome machines.  No, you cannot sew a saddle on this -but then you wouldn't on a home machine anyway.  I would think quilting a very large quilt would be a challenge due to the harp of the machine being rather limited at only about 5.5 inches.  However, this machine is light - can be picked up easily and moved where you need it, and it is very capable.

Brother machines have a very easy to learn user interface. To do lettering you merely choose the lettering button on the front and then feed the machine the numbers of the sequence of letters you want. Then sew. Easy to edit or delete as well.  Choosing stitches is a sequence of button pushes near the little screen and you can chose to advance ten because you have a two digit input.

Brother and Babylock put out the very best manuals in the industry. Probably in any industry. The manuals are exhaustive and easy to use - indexing is excellent. I love Brother manuals. Even my little Brother labeler has a great little manual!! Anyway, the sewing machine manuals are excellent, and I have found it very helpful to actually READ them as you set up a machine.  Then when you begin a seam, hold the threads as you start and you will not have thread nests.  This machine is no exception - very nice to use.  In addition it comes with two separate manuals - one in Spanish and one in English, and it includes a CD with video to get you going. Excellent video as well - all the steps of setup are there.  A nice set of accessories is included, and in that set are most of the feet you will need for your projects!  I could say ALL the feet, as there is a hopping quilting foot included (darning foot) as well. And the large table is a nice bonus. The hard case is something that I don't use, but it comes with a hard case for stage if you need that.

This is my second purchase here on AMAZON of a Brother machine, having purchased the SE400 last year as a beginner embroidery machine - I have been happily surprised by my Brother machines - I have owned the 1034D serger for over 12 years, and it too is a fine little machine.

The needle threader is a lot of fun and works! It is not the same as the Brother needle threader on the SE400 and other machines that actually threads the needle for you, but it is a very accurate threader and I so love that!  Again, Brother knows what they are doing!

When your machine comes, whatever machine you buy - sit there and read the setup guide and take the time to go through the proper steps with your manual. It really helps! Then use the machine wisely, take the time to clean it out in the bobbin area as directed, change needles every few projects at least, and learn about sewing. You will enjoy it more and have a lot of fun!"
"We got this for our Granddaughters Christmas present, she loves it"
Its a buy!
"This replaced the Singer Stylist I had had for 6 years.  At first, it felt like a much more luxurious machine.  The added table space and included feet were really nice bonus features.  Once I started going through them, I realized I would have to replace a few feet as certain feet worked on the Singer, but not on the Brother and were NOT included.  No big deal; I expected a bit of that with ANY new machine.  I did 3 easy projects (doll dresses) without a problem.  The bobbin threading system is much the same as the Stylist and both of my other drop-in machines and was very easy to load correctly.  There are stickers all over the machine to remind you of the thread paths, so it's really easy to do correctly.  What I did notice for bobbins is that winding isn't always pristine.  I've had to re-wind 2 because they were not evenly wound.  There were no loops like you'd see if the thread wasn't placed properly for tension, but they were too bottom heavy or too top heavy and the thread would have gotten tangled during sewing.  Not a super huge deal, but something I'd never had to do with my Singer.

The included stitches provide a really nice variety.  I played with the utility stitches quite a bit and was pleased there.  I did 2 buttonholes just for fun and both were easy, clean, and precise.  There are several buttonhole styles included so you have options and this was another improvement over my Stylist's options.

The piece I miss most and will probably replace first is the gathering foot.  My Stylist has one included but the Brother does not.  Given that I do a lot of projects with ruffles and gathers (dresses!), this is pretty crucial.  I REALLY wish this had been included or at least compatible with both machines.

The only other big difference that I have seen is that the Brother seems to be slightly less powerful.  Where I could sew through 2 layers of vinyl with ease on my Stylist, the Brother sometimes doesn't feed well or needs to be set on the lowest speed to do a good job.  The feed dogs also seem to be less powerful or not quite aligned just right.  I can usually zip a straight line through my Stylist, no problem, but I have to really watch this one. The faster the speed setting, the more problematic the feed becomes. On smaller projects, this isn't so much a big deal.  On bigger projects, the speed and time taken adds up and has gotten on my nerves a time or two.

Overall, this is a great machine.  It has more utility stitches than my previous and the added table is a nice bonus that I have enjoyed more than once.  The case is great, though I rarely use it because I am always sewing!  This is a great machine with just a few quirks that are easy enough to work around."
A little over two years and this machine is still working fine.
"Good machine, very satisfied"
I love my machine.  It is easy to operate.  Runs quietly.
It was a great value for the options on the machine. Bought for my adult daughter who was replacing an older machine. She loves it.
So far so good love it
She is very happy thanks
Wife loves it- had this several years works perfectly-Amazing!
Absolutely love this product. Easy to use.
Sewing machine worked pretty good.  The feed dog wouldn't come up so I took it into the shop. The cable broke and he couldn't fix it.  So it's dead.  I would have liked my machine to work longer than 15 months.
"I absolutely love this sewing maching. It sews great. I have quilted a quilt on it.
The quilting feature is very easy and free flowing. I would highly recommend this machine."
I enjoy the buttonhole feature greatly and the ability to stitch words onto cloth.
Christmas gift for stepdaughter. arrived early. she loves it
"I have never operated a sewing machine before, other than try my grandmothers pedal Singer.  A couple of years ago, I bought my wife a Brother machine, and the more she used it, the less she liked it.  That said, this is neither like my wife's Brother machine or my grandmother's Singer.

The XR9550PRW can be complicated for the beginner, but if you take it slow, one can learn how to use it.  The book of instructions is pretty thorough, except I found that the book referred to three different models of the machine; however, by highlighting the instructions that applied to the XR9550PRW, and forgetting the rest, learning became easier, especially when you saw the first 19 pages of instructions manual covered just learning how to thread the bobbin.  While the machine can do a lot, it is only a little heavier than the other Brother machine we have, so moving it around wasn't difficult, although the ""cover"" for the machine didn't seem to be very protective.

As for my wife., she found the XR9550PRW to be easy to use.  Once you got familiar to the different way you changed the stitches, they were easy to use.  She gave the machine 5 stars and I gave it 4 stars, as I found the ""case,"" if you could call it that, weird, and more of a glorified cover.  My wife did notice that this machine is very similar to&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-Sewing-Laura-Ashley-CX155LA-Limited-Edition-Sewing-Quilting-Machine-with-Built-in-Sewing-Font/dp/B00G3K83DC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother Sewing Laura Ashley CX155LA Limited Edition Sewing & Quilting Machine with Built-in Sewing Font</a>&nbsp;except several features that are optional with Laura Ashley are included with the Project Runway version (Quilting Feet/Foot items).

Overall, we thought it was a good bargain for the price."
"KID'S IMPRESSION:  I like this sewing machine because it has been useful, hasn't broken, and I love how the automatic threading system works.  I had trouble the first time but was fine by the second attempt.  I recommend it because it is very good.  My dad bought it for me after I had a kids sewing machine that broke quickly (Janome) and I like this one much better.  I like how smoothly it sews, the letters and numbers and all the different stitches. The needle up/down button and reverse make it easy, and I like using the table that comes with it (as told to by a six and a half year old boy).

FATHER'S IMPRESSION:  I was glad to have the Janome kid's machine for a few days for my son to get used to the needle with the finger guard, but after three days that machine's thread tension system broke so I ordered a ""grown-up"" machine.  Of course I had to sit with him for the fist couple of days (luckily it was Christmas vacation) to go through everything and make sure he knows how to be safe, but the machine isn't really that complicated if you take the time to read the manual.  He has respect for the needle and quickly took to this machine and was fine with the ""middle"" speed (speed control slide is great).  He learned to thread it right away (the auto needle threader is a huge time saver) and change to the appropriate presser foot as guided by the stitch selector display.  He loves writing names with the letters but the basic straight stitch is very good and drop in bobbin easy.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the bobbin winder - it is easy for the threads to wind up under the bobbin, so I have to keep a close eye on that process, and also easy for the bobbin to cut the thread before it is even 1/4 of the way full.  I also like the light weight, making it easy to put away and take out. Overall it seems like a good purchase without spending hundred's of dollars on a more expensive machine and my kid is super enthusiastic about making things."
"It was delivered two days early and arrived the day of my daughter's 10th birthday.  We were so happy.  I have the brother SE400 and I'm looking forward to using the additional stitches on this model!  It's easy to use and exceeded my expectations.

My daughter loves it!"
"When I was on vacation my 2 cats knocked my 1st version of this sewing machine 3 foot to its death. I bought this updated model to replace the hole in my sewing heart. RIP Bertha!
It did not disappoint me. The updates are great and even easier to thread and has a case that may have helped my older model
 I recommend for beginners to skilled seamstress.  Wonderful smooth machine."
"Love it! I was singing the hallelujah chorus all day yesterday while using it! Everything about it is perfect!! This is the best sewing machine ever!!! The stitches are beautiful, threading is easy, speed is adjustable, led lighting is bright, Love Love Love!!!"
"I had an old singer that decided to crap the bed one day and in a fit of rage I hit buy it now, I'm glad I did.  Makes sewing almost enjoyable when the machine does what it tells you to do."
quality product
"I love this machine! Granted my experience with sewing machines is somewhat limited. I learned on an old White machine that has the knee peddle and after that spent a lot of time sewing on a very cheap Singer machine.  The Singer was awful and really anything was an improvement.
After getting this machine - and learning how to use it - my projects have consistently turned out better.  I actually get people incredulous that I've made certain things because now they actually look professional!"
"I like the sewing machine very much. It is easy to thread both up and down, and it stitches well and fast. There are some functions that are not obvious, like you can adjust the needle to always stay up at the end of stitching or down for quilting, but it is not something that you can figure out yourself without the instruction book. I love being able to label all my kids clothes with letters. You can make it memorize a word, and then stitch it several times as needed. It stitches the letters with straight stitches, not as zigzag stitch, so they are not that thick.
I like the many stitches available. They list many of the stitches in the instructions and how to use them, which is great. My old Singer machine with about a hundred stitches did not have a word on how to use most of the stitches, and book do not usually focus on having many stitches available, so some of them were mystery for me. Some of the stitches are described on the box instead of the instructions, so I made a picture of the box to have them as reference.
There is a thing to help you thread the needle, and it works, but it is not as easy as they have on some Brother machines where you simply guide the thread to the left and press the button. Here you will have to guide it through small hook and then pull the tiny thread loop through the needle. It is still better than nothing. It does not cut the thread, and there is no knee control and you do need to pull the thread behind the foot before you start stitching, or you might get a nest.
What I really despise about the machine is lack of real onboard storage space. It kind of has the space, but it is not contained, and when you remove the storage compartment, you see that it is missing a wall, so you have to put your stuff in a (provided) bag. This is not the first Brother machine that I saw that has that ""feature"", and I really really dislike it. I prefer to have the special stuff to be stored with the machine it came from, so I would not loose it.
One of the interesting features that I have never tried before is hand controlled sewing. If you unplug the foot pedal, you can control stitching with a button. It is awkward for me to use, probably because I never did it before, but it is something that might be a lifesaver for a person with limited use of their feet.
Overall, the machine is a very good choice, even though it is not perfect."
"Im beginner/intermediate in sewing. I have a previous Project Runway model (pink, innov-s 40), which is super easy to use. The instruction manual and QuickStart Guide are extremely useful for novice users. This model has a larger table than my previous model, which is nice. The built in buttonhole and stitches are great. There are a lot more with this model than my previous one. Ive had no issues with either model. Ive used them for making thick blackout curtains, hemming garments, applying buttons and buttonholes, and making Halloween costumes. The bobbin winding feature works great. The bright LED light on the workspace is awesome.

Overall, I think this is a high quality machine with lots of extras. I would definitely buy it."
Good product
Very easy to operate. So much fun. I totally recommend
"Before this machine, my wife loved to sew the same way one likes to beat your head against a wall. Now, she LOVES to sew!
Everything is intuitive and easy. The bobbin loading is AMAZING! Thread cutters every place you need them. Lots of useful stitches and functions. Quiet and smooth running (her old machine sounded like throwing a bag of tools down the stairs). A+ machine and a great value."
"The first thing we liked is how complete this kit is, compared to similar-priced models.  It will keep you busy for a long time, trying all the features and options.  It's beginner-friendly and pretty powerful for how light it is, with a cover.  The drop-in top load bobbin system is convenient and the needle changes were easy.  The DVD and instructions are very helpful and satisfactory.  Good function for the price, so it's a great beginner or second machine."
good
Perfect just as described
"Not sure on what to post as this was a gift, but I know this is the exact model my girlfriend wanted with doing research online for a quilting/sewing machine without a lot of additional cost."
Bought for my granddaughter for her birthday. A great machine for a 10 year old to learn to sew. Ive sewn all my life & would not hesitate to learn on this machine.
good machine!
"This is a great sewing machine for both novice and intermediate sewists.
The 110 stitches offer great variety, and it is easy to adjust stitch sizes with a touch of a button rather than confusing knobs and dials. The layout is very straightforward and easy to understand.
It is easy to thread and wind bobbins. Be sure to use Brother bobbins and line up the notch when winding the bobbins or the bobbin tensions will be off.
The quick change presser feet work well, and this includes a nice assortment of feet. Quilters, this includes the free motion foot but not a walking foot, so you may want to add that.
The needles are easy to change and I love the drop-in top load bobbin system. It is so much easier than the front-load models.
The stitches have proven to be consistently even and not slanted, and I have not had any trouble with puckering or jamming.
I have enjoyed using the embroidery stitches to add a decorative touch to straps on totes, adding bible verses to book bags, and putting a beautiful edge on blankets.
The instruction book is easy to understand.
If you are new to sewing the instructional DVD is incredibly helpful. It will give you all you need to know to get started.

A note to more experienced sewists:
If you are used to handling your own maintenance, adjusting bobbin tension, and performing minor repairs on your own this might not be for you. This is meant to never need to be oiled, and is a machine that allows you to easily do your own maintenance. When my grandma taught me to sew, my grandpa taught me to maintain my machine. I have a 45 year old sewing machine that I am quite used to tinkering with and repairing on my own. That one is easy to open up, clean, oil, and adjust. This one is not. While it says it will never need oil, somehow I'm guessing that it won't last 45 years without it. This is a machine that you will have to have repaired by a technician, not one you will likely be able to easily do yourself.
For most people, this will not be an issue. As one who knows how to do basic repairs, maintenance, and adjustments I find this to slightly detract from my love of the machine.

Overall, this is a great sewing machine."
I love this machine so far. It's smaller than I expected but sees awesome and quiet. I also love the embroidery stitch easy to use and the DVD explains how to functions very well.
sent as a gift
I received my machine but it was missing the power cord and all the additional equipment and DVD. So I received a box with a machine I cant use.
"Wonderful machine! I have not had a single problem with it, and I have owned it for almost 5 years. I bought one for my daughter as well, and she has never had an issue with it. It is tough as nails, can sew thru several layers of denim! I have machine quilted quilts, made garments, bags, ect. Do note, however, that it must be oiled if you are machine quilting, since it is a lot of stitches very quickly, and because you are going through lots of layers of fabric!"
"I love this Brother sewing machine. Threading is so simple. Loading a new bobbin is also sew simple. I love the various features of raising the needle, the reversing button and simple placement of the bobbin. I would highly recommend this machine."
"I purchased this machine for my charity that provides free tutoring for ages 9 to adult. Sewing gives the students practical application of measurements which are part of our math curriculum.
This machine has many features but is simple to use and works well. I have no problems with it even though many children and novices use it.
The excellent user manual very clear and comprehensive."
Omg my first & I loved it!
"There are so many glowing reviews, I  feel like a failure. I searched and searched for and easy to use machine for a beginner. This is probably easy to use for a sewing person but as a beginner, I find it overwhelming. Who wants to have to watch a DVD or read a manual to sew a simple stitch? Maybe Im wanting the impossible. That is, and easy to use machine I can use to sew  hems, repair or patch something.  I don't need finished quality. I would be happy with the straight stitch. I have some curtains Ive been needing to shorten for five years.
 I cant find such a simple machine.  Ive had this a few months. I keep hoping Ill have the time to take a day or two to learn it.  Each time I try I become frustrated. Unless you are going to become a real sewer with time to dedicate regularly to get familiar with its features, maybe, like me you should stick to a needle and thread.  Now, Ive missed the cut off date to return this so I guess Ill try to sell it.
Its an attractive machine, lightweight and according to other reviewers who seem to have knowledge and experience, it holds up."
"Wife loved the Sewing Machine, has been a great machine for the price"
super easy to use. I love this sewing machine.
"This sewing machine is easy to operate.  It functions well, and I can adjust the settings easily to meet my fabric needs.  Having said that, I have noticed that this machine has jammed a few times, when sewing soft jersey knits.  The first two times it happened, I chalked it off to my inexperience with a new machine.  The third time was the worst, and this time I was carefully watching the stitching, so I caught the error immediately. To clear this jam I had to disassemble the machine.  Unscrewing the plate was very difficult, requiring the use of a ratchet, because the screw driver that was included with the machine, and those others that I had on hand, wouldn't fit.  I needed a screw driver that was less than two inches long. How can Brother not include a screw driver that fits the space above the screw???  Anyway, I really like this machine and will happily continue sewing with it."
"I sew a lot and have multiple machines. I was looking for a ""downstairs"" machine with a small footprint for drive-by mending, hemming and general repairs. Also, I wanted a machine my husband could use without letting him at my ""upstairs""quilting set ups. This is a great little machine. It is light but has plenty of power to motor through challenging tasks. I love the drop in bobbin configuration, the free arm and the extender table. I really appreciate the built in stitch chart, right on the machine...I always hate it when it's a card I might lose.

Unlike a lot of machines, this does not take up much real estate; in my case the dining room table. I like the hard cover that kind of floats over the machine, a Brother quirk. The design of the sewing arm is just right for a quilt roll. This machine is easy to thread and is beginner friendly. I've spent a month with it and it has not failed me. I appreciate that my husband could mend a tent fly on this and not gum up my other machines. Overall, a real winner for anyone looking for a general sewing machine."
"I have only had this a few days and have just basically been playing with it to check out all of the features. Everything I have tried has worked well. Quiet, and smooth running. I am not a serious sewer, I use easy to sew patterns. For the price, you get a great machine. Perfect for a beginner or much more serious sewer. I do not like the cover that came with it, it doesn't feel like it fits right. I have made a cloth dust cover for it and I have a hard case for when it's not being used for a longer time. I am very happy with this machine!"
"What a great little machine!  I love taking sewing classes and most ALL of them require you to bring your own machine...THIS is now my machine to take to class!!  I'm not sure which of two features are my fav...the self threading feature or the backlit LED feature, so, I'll choose BOTH!  Really this little machine for just over 200.00, has a ton of nice features and a hard cover.  The 8 feet will enable you to sew most anything from button holes to free form quilt stitching.  Take a minute to look at these features on their page, they have great photos of the feet with what they sew.  I think this is a wonderful starter machine (comes w/an informational CD) at an excellent price or for a second sewing machine for seasoned sewers like myself.  I don't feel you can go wrong with this Brother machine, I definitely would recommend it to anyone."
"I'm a pretty basic tailor, so I imagine many of the features of this machine will go unused. Mostly I just use a straight stitch with forward and reverse. So, I can't comment on all the stitches. But here's what I like -- the machine is light weight, so it's easy to lift and handle. The instructions are printed right on the machine itself and are pretty intuitive. Setup took only a half hour from start to finish. Not bad for a new machine with a very different look and feel from my old one! What I didn't like: the self-threading feature was difficult to use. I gave up and threaded it myself. I look forward to trying some of the fancy stitches."
I love this machine!  It was easy to get started using it and I have been making things non stop.  I highly recommend this machine.
"I haven't sewed in years, but needed to add blackout liners to curtains and my daughters jr sewing machine was not cutting it! Researched a little and choose this one. Wow so easy to thread, fill a bobbin, and all the other basic stuff, which is all I really know how to do  Cant wait to experiment with all the different stitches and the button holes. Lots of features for a great price!"
"I have a brother serger, also project runway branded, so I am familiar with how brother works. This sewing machine is a great machine for beginners or even more advanced sewists. it is really easy to set up, the feet are easy to change out. It comes with a wide table for quilting. I find the wide table also helpful for making place mats.

Following the manual it's fairly easy to thread, like most sewing machines it's a process but not difficult. The automatic threader is really just a larger area to put the thread through that then pulls it through the needle. The bobbin is easy to thread and the plate is clear so you can actually see the bobbin and know when you are running low on thread.

There are a lot of stitches, the stitches are easy to change and program. There is a really handy reference in the back of the manual that tell you what to stitches to use for doing different types of material.

The machine is fairly quiet and has a nice smooth rhythm.

There are three speeds, super slow, medium, and fast. This is helpful for newer sewists so the machine doesn't get away if one is heavy footed on the presser foot. 0

the machine light is great, you can really see what you are sewing. Some are dim.

So far the only two cons I've found with it is the thread cutter is awful and will pull the thread more than cut it, scissors work best. Also to reverse the stitch you have to hold on to the button rather than just set it.  Otherwise this is a great machine with lots of options, a good selection of feet, and pretty much everything one would need in a machine."
"I'm loving this machine! I've been sewing for 35 years and I've had different machines, more expensive and less...this is my first Brother, and also my favorite machine so far. :) I love the button to sew feature, (if you unplug the foot pedal) the easiest way to wind a bobbin ever.

I'm having a bit of trouble with getting the tension right but I'll get better at it with time, I'm sure.

I would recommend this machine and brand to a friend."
I LOVE this machine! It's so easy to use!
"My wife is overwhelmed by the technology and options available with this sewing machine.  There is so much available that it even comes with a DVD on how to use it.  The quality is top notch, and I was impressed with how quiet it runs (about all I know about sewing machines is the distinctive sound they make).  This review is based solely on my wonderful wife's observations:

The foot pedal is larger than all her other machines.
Setup is pretty easy once she understood all the buttons and such.
She liked the Project Runway branding.
It is much lighter than her other machines.
Her first sewing machine with a cover.

As I examined the machine I was impressed with it just by the obvious quality and design.  I couldn't help noting how things have changed; I remember my grandma's machine was in a wooden table and popped up, and it was made of cast iron.

A good machine with lots of buttons that the computer programmer in me likes!"
"First impressions of this sleek sewing machine...

The machine is exceptionally quiet. The bright LED light over the work area is helpful for seeing small details. Switching from stick to stick is very simple and self-explanatory. But if you need more of an explanation, the directions are very clear.

The extra wide table is a nice feature, as is the smallest width the sewing surface has once the hidden storage piece is removed.

The top-loading bobbin is really user friendly, for all experience levels. The machine is very light. The easy thread action makes threading the needle a snap.

There does seem to be a delay when removing your foot from the pedal, the machine continues for an extra stitch. Something to get used to...

Stitches are tight and concise. Having the cover is really nice for transport and storage. I looked forward to putting all of the stitch options to use. Over all this is a very easy-to-used machine with some great options."
The computerized options on this sewing machine are neat but they are not necessary for it to be a good product for someone.  Quality made.
"Seriously... love love LOOOOOOOVE this. I like to quilt, but I also make a lot of knit clothes. I haven't had any issues yet except that I should just get a second one so I don't have to remove my walking foot and twin needle to switch over to a quilting project.

If you leave the foot unplugged, you can use the auto feature which is absolutely AMAZING!! I love that this came with the table attachment and multiple speeds. It's pretty simple to change between stitches and doing letter as well. I have figured this machine out quicker than my last machine so it's definitely user-friendly.

LOVE THIS"
exelente producto
wife loves it for a first machine.
"I've been sewing since I was a child - LONG TIME.  I've owned a lot of sewing machines - expensive, and inexpensive.  I  own another small Brother and it's superb.  I also own and LOVE my Brother embroidery machine.  Why do I hate this machine, and hope you will not buy it?  First, how I tested it.
Quilting fabric and quilting - fine
Stretch fabric - pretty bad.  Could not finish the project.
Stitches - even, including the fancy stitches, as long as I was sewing on firm, cotton or pellon.  There are different feet and the LED tells you which foot for the stitch you have chosen.  That's a nice feature.

HATE: NOISE.  The machine is very noisy and sounds like it is working REALLY hard - grinding, groaning, just noisy.  A good  machine purrs.  This one is growling.  Also, it jumps to a start if it is set on high, rather than working up to speed.  Finally, as I sewed on this machine I noticed a high-pitched ticking/clicking sound.  And guess what it making it?  The needle is hitting the foot, just a bit, every time it comes up and down.  I could see the marks on the plastic after sewing for a while.  This will ruin needles at a fast pace and worse than that. A needle with a damaged point will skip stitches. And if the needle is hitting the foot that means the whole adjustment is off and it needs a trip to the repair shop - right out of the box.  Cheap factory work, poor quality control.  And YOU will pay for it.

If you  need a ""beater"" to do very basic sewing and don't need a machine that will last for any length of time, go ahead.  But if you're in the market for a GOOD inexpensive sewing machine, pass on this one.  Sorry."
"This is a great value for a quality sewing machine with features not usually found in this price range.
The computerized machine has the advanced needle threading system, which makes it easy to get a project started without straining to thread the machine. There are 110 built in stitches and the LCD screen lets you know exactly what stitch is engaged and at what length and tension. Adjustments are easily made depending on your project and fabric type.
I really like the easy buttonhole stitches as well as the wide variety of presser feet - pretty much every one most seamstresses will need along with a few new ones to try, like the monogram foot.
Another great feature is the oversize wide table for larger projects like quilting or home d&eacute;cor items. I'm not much of a quilter but it's nice to be able to disengage the feed for free style sewing.
The included cover keeps everything protected when not in use - another nice bonus.
It's easy to use for beginners but also has enough advanced features for more experienced seamstresses.
Very well made and a great value."
I was suspicious when most of my fellow costuming friends raved so highly about this machine. I figured it was just hyped up because of the Project Runway marketing attached. But this little fellow really is my new best friend. I don't even use any of the fancy stitches (yet) but it's just so easy to use. Threading the needle took a bit of practice to get down with the little lever but now it's super fast. And I've yet to have a single problem with the bobbin or tension like my old POS machine! Super duper happy I got this thing on a flash sale. I also like that it's lightweight and on the small side. Very pleased.
Nice machine for a good price!
"My husband bought me this a year ago for Christmas and I love it!! I switch back and forth between this one and the brother Embroidery & Sewing SE-400, but this is my ""go to"" sewing machine for making blankets, runners, towels, etc. at my Etsy shop.  I love the decorative stitches!  Great machine for the price!  BluePuggy"
this is going to be a gift to my granddaughter but my daughter in law has one and she is letting me use it.  it is just wonderful as my machine is old and just does straight stitches.
Super easy to use for a beginner!!! Love it!!
nice machine but received damaged. broken bobbin thread winder holder made of cheap plastic
So im new to sewing (self taught) and this is my first actual sewing machine i got it for cheaper than whats its marked currently. I do love this machine but yet again don't have experience with any other brand. Definitely don't regret it.
"My expensive viking sewing machine failed and it would cost $150.00 to fix it. I bought this machine and it does everything I need it to do , plus more. It even sews thru 4 layers of vinyl."
"I LOVE THIS MACHINE! IT'S EASY TO USE AND DOES SO MUCH!  IMMEDIATELY OUT OF THE BOX, I DID A SEWING PROJECT AND IT WAS SO NICE TO HAVE A MACHINE THAT PERFORMED SO WELL!  I STILL CAN'T GET THE AUTO NEEDLE THREADER TO WORK BUT I AM SURE IT IS OPERATOR ERROR & I HAVE TO PRACTICE"
"I don't really know where to start with all the reasons I love this machine. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I wish it had the presser foot pressure adjustment feature. Other than that, I have no real complaints. This is the best sewing machine I've owned."
"I just got this machine today. I bought it because my old machine, a Singer, got irrevocably stuck and it was time for an upgrade anyway since I'm doing a lot more advanced sewing nowadays. This is my first computerized machine. I am in love with it.

One weird thing is it doesn't come with a normal straight stitch foot that I saw. Also the website says that you should never need to adjust the bobbin tension which I'm a little wary about. I'm planning on using invisible and metallic thread soon and I just hope it works with the 1 possible bobbin tension setting.

Things I love: the automatic needle up/down button, the sewing speed adjustment (no more cringing every time I press down), and the bobbin system. I haven't figured out the needle threading system yet but I'm sure I'll love it. I haven't done too much yet but I'll update this review if necessary.

ETA: the straight stitch foot is called the zigzag foot. I'm also reporting that the needle threading is cool but not 100% successful every time for me. Also, the spool holder is really short and I've had spool pop off a couple times. I may switch to using the second attachable one which is taller. Otherwise still fast!"
"This machine is amazing with all the wonderful goodies like the needle threader, finger touch sewing without the pedal which is included if you like the option and no more bobbin hell like with my ancient machine. Brother made sewing a pleasure again. Highly recommended for beginner and intermediate sewers."
"Ive been playing around with this since I got it and I have to say I LOVE IT.  Its pretty quiet, easy to use, easy to understand! Its also really smooth to work with. Im working with some wool and its handling all the layers beautifully!

The only reason Im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 are due to some of the features.  The detachable arm doesnt have a holder like most machines so you get a little bag with all the foots and spools in it which is fine but not as easy as a flip open arm."
show
"the sewing machine came with a manual in a different language, not an english manual."
"Well I'm new to sewing n this machine is talking the stress of learning outta of it.. runs great. my only issue is it didn't come with a hard case. Just a cover.. so the bottom is exposed n unprotected when in storage. Kinda irratated about that.  My picture shows the cover just resting over the machine,  not connected to a bottom piece to enclose it. That's why the 4 stars."
Really happy with this.  I'm new to sewing and this machine is very user friendly.
This is a wonderful sewing machine!  It is my second Brother brand and I cannot say enough good about this machine.  Great price too!
Really works well.
"Love it! Still getting use to all the buttons, but it sews great!"
"Good machine to start as beginner. Lots of options to choose from, easy to operate. The dvd that it came with was helpful."
"Does anyone know why my sewing machine does that? It's like it's sewing in place and the fabric gets caught up underneath the presser foot. Is it the thread I'm using or has someone experienced similar issues? If yes, please how did you fix it. Note that I'm not using any thick fabric. Just a regular fabric. The one in the picture is a cotton square I purchased at Joann.

I'm thinking of returning it but I'd like to get some opinions on this matter before doing so.

Because of that issue I keep having, I'm rating it 2 stars so far.

Any answer would be appreciated. I also asked a question about it in ""Questions""."
Fabulous Brother Sewing Machine. Very quiet and so easy to use.
I am loving this machine.  It runs smoothly and I love the easy speed control button.
"Good,"
"Was a gift from my husband and daughters and I love all I can do.  I'm not a pro but have sewn costumes for my kiddos,  baby clothes,  curtains and purses before and this is perfect even for novice.  Easy instructions for embroidery!"
"Love it.  perfect for me to travel to quilting group and classes.  I wanted something lightweight and this is perfect.  Easy to operate, stitches are uniform.  Well worth the price."
My mom loved it~ Got it for her for Mother's Day.
Have used this machine for about a year..  It is a great little machine.
"This was a gift, but she loved it"
"If it came with an English instructional book maybe I could use this. The book was every other language but English. At least I can do normal straight or zigzag. Should come with 2 books, English and other."
This was a replacement machine for my wife. She is really enjoying this machine.
Best ever . Thanks so so much I appreciate 
"This machine replaced an older Brother that I owned and loved. I was excited to get a few more stitches with this new one but basically the same type of machine (or so I thought). This machine is lightweight which makes it good for traveling but bad for everyday sewing. The design of the machine base is just weird. As stated in some other reviews....it makes the machine a little unstable as it is rounded off instead of just square which makes no sense to me at all. I do not think I would want a child sewing on this machine as it can easily tip forward if they lean on the base too much. I could live with that except for the fact that this machine locked up and would not sew a few times in the 3 short weeks that I had it. This was with light sewing. I have been sewing off and on for 50+ years so I do not attribute these problems to operator error. I did read thru the manual to learn all about this machine. When it sews, it was a nice machine with easy to use features and solid sewing. And for the price, I did not expect it to last for years as my older all metal units. But, I do not need the aggravation of trying to deal with error messages that talk about the machine locking up and me needing to remove tangled thread....when there is none. I had to take out the bobbin case and even remove the feed dog plate to try to locate any thread. There was none. I did find some lint, so brushed that out and it worked....for acouple days. I was very disappointed after this happened a few times and I sent it back."
"item arrived cracked and broken, I had to return"
"Great little machine, easty to carry to classes and retreats."
"1). Bought new, and sewed for 3 days, 2 hours per day, the thread keep being jammed in the robin. I changed the robin, thread, needles, unscrewed the lid, clean the little dust. Assembled, unassembled, repeat again again for 2 hours, thread still jammed. Mad sad bad so much. The only thing I had not done in those 2 hours was to try sewing-machine-oil. I dropped 1 drop on the disk under the robin, 1 drop on the stick that on the right that kicks the disk. Then it works just so perfect *****.
 2). The plastic robin coming with the machine only work on some fabric well; it shows loose dots on the top on some thin fabric, but it is fine on the thicker fabric. I use the big size metal robin - it is a little tiny millimeter bigger than the plastic robin coming with machine. It works so perfect *****.
3). Be patient, it takes a few days to like it. Now I am sewing my 4-ways stretch summer pants to wear to work. It is so easy ( should never skip the oval/square crotch, & the waist band)."
"I just received my machine today and put it to the test by sewing my thick denim jeans. It worked amazingly, although I did work on the slowest setting and went stitch by stitch on the triple thick seams. This is my first sewing machine but it was simple enough to thread and I feel so fancy lol."
"Great product, somewhat easy to use"
Wife loves it . I was happy with the price. So many stitches and options.
Amazing machine! Affordable too.
Very Good machine its just takes an act of congress to replace the needle.. Very hard to do
"I could not be happier with this purchase.  This is the third Brother sewing machine that I have purchased and by far the most favorite.  It is easy to use, comes with a multitude of accessories,  and is perfect for any sewing project.  It also does simple letter embroidery!"
"Love, love, love this machine.  I enjoyed mine so much I purchased one for my daughter.  She is loving it too!!"
"I am so very happy, my Brother sewing machine is already here."
Honey of a sewing machine! Highly recommend.
"I'm very into this sewing machine. I'm a new sewer, and so far I've been able to figure out how to do everything I've needed, and I see things I will be able to use in the future. The power cord isn't that long, so make sure your sewing space is near an outlet."
"I am thrilled with this machine!  I teach sewing to kids, ages 8 and up, and I ordered 3 of these machines to add to my line up (I was fortunate to snag them at $130; now they're $160).  In addition, I have 3 12-year-old neighbor girls who are in and out of my studio sewing all kinds of things.  In fact, it was these girls who jumped on them right out of the box and figured out immediately that...wait for it...that THE MACHINE WILL NOT RUN IF THE PRESSER FOOT IS UP!  If you know anything about kids and sewing, you know that this is huge.  In the almost 2 weeks I've had the machines (2 classes going) NO jams.  It doesn't even seem to be sensitive if the kids forget to hold their thread tails when beginning a seam.  This machine is light weight but stays steady on the table, the presser foot is very responsive and allows the kids to take a stitch or two for corners, etc. without the machine getting ahead of them.  We sewed on multiple layers of duck fabric for tote bags today and none of the 3 machines even hiccuped.  The 3-speed control is also a big hit with my students.  I also appreciated all the accessories--including an edge foot that I had to buy extra with my $2,200 Pfaff.  FYI it comes with 4 bobbins, not just one."
"Probably good but I never learned how to use it. Too complicated,"
"Nice machine (project runway 95000) for the money. Sews quietly, smoothly.  Wish the light was a bit brighter.  I would purchase again."
I love this machine
"I bought this machine a little over two years ago and in the beginning I really did not know much about sewing or sewing machines, so I thought this one was a gem.  I thought that it was strange that my fabric would pull to the left as I sewed or that the fabric would get jammed in the feeddogs periodically for no good reason. But I just assumed those were problems one encounters when sewing.  Two weeks ago or exactly two years and two weeks after I purchased this machine, the computer board decided it was done. I took the machine to an authorized dealer and they told me the same thing. Not worth fixing mam.  I have been to numerous sewing machine stores and all of them are saying the same thing, ""don't buy machines from big box stores, they are junk.""  So now I am back to looking for a reliable sturdy machine that will last me more than two years."
Machine auto threaded broke off within 10 days. The machine keeps jamming and brother will not do anything about it other then say it needs to be taken to a party almost an hour away to be looked at. Junk don't waste your money.
"I have sent the original machine back and have another coming.  It COULD be a good machine, or it may wind up as junk. I don't think Brother cares.
In college art classes, I was always taught, ""form follows function;"" this does NOT.  Whomever thought this was some futuristic or ""cutesy"" design should be fired!!  The round opening between the head and main motor is poor and counter-productive to both use and maintenance. Squaring it off like other (AND BROTHER!!) brands would increase working space and comfort.

All LEDs are not alike.  Having converted a whole Toyota Camry to full LED lighting I know a lot about it.  TWO THINGS FAIL here: It is not in a common socket and accessible for replacement.  Down the road that will be a $50 replacement for a 5-cent chip!  Obviously, it is not a 5340 or 5330 bulb, which are very bright.  You can buy a plug in replacement for the overhead in your car for $4.99 with 12 chips on it.  DUH!  A simple, accessible, plug in module would allow MUCH better lighting.  It is neither bright nor directed well.

The screw driver. Simple tool but why? Simple thumb screws have worked for years!  And the screwdriver is cramped if you have any size hand at all.  The distance from the head to the main part is restricted BADLY by that curvey opening. Squared up, it would have been fine.  WHAT A HASSLE changing a needle!!

Press foot lift--especially when trying to ease over a seam thickness--is on the right side.  Every machine I have used has had it in the back.  To me, it's a left hand function.  My right hand is busy holding fabric down with the side, while stretching a finger to the reverse and the up or down button.
Okay, leave it there, but make it reversible or ambidextrous.

The table is free.  If I had paid for it, I would be furious!  The legs lock at an outward slant.  That is weak, unstable, and don't really lock.  Let alon the table does not clip to the body well at all.  One thumb screw underneath would help.

Font?  It is a gimmick.  A useless one at best.  Probably a teaser to try to get you into another machine, but it jacks the price of this one.  I'd rather have a free walking foot and quilting foot.  There is an option to correct for incorrect spacing. DON'T DO IT! Some letters and numbers will merely open a gap at the bottom.  E.g., an O will become an Omega, LOL.  Other letters like C will take on an italic slant, but other letters won't.

Storage and thread.  If you are not going to use a front loading bobbin, make the top open for storage.  While you are up there you can add a horizontal spool and caps for angle wrapped threads.  Like it or not BROTHER, you should know that!.  Bring them around of a vertical pin affects the twist of the thread.

Feed dogs- Drop them then try to bring them back up.  Pretty amazing they drop right away, but you have to run the machine before they pop back up!!  That little, junky, plastic slide switch at the back obviously is doomed to fail.

Speaking of running the machine!!  Starting and stopping the machine with the buttons has its own place.  It's nice.  There are times the foot control is better.  Why not a switch between the two??  Everything else has a switch!!.  Removing and replacing the plug, blind, IN THE BACK is a PITA!!  Plain and simple.

The bobbin winding is another cutesy idea.  Let me just say that threading through the bobbin hole the old way is easier.  Wind it a few times round then clip the thread with small scissors.  NO MATTER WHAT. This winder will not cause the thread to move up and down giving you an evenly wound bobbin.  Mine all put more thread at the bottom half, so I shut it off before auto takes over.

The scary problem:  This may or may not cause failure before you have to shell out money.  Two things happened with this machine.  Straight stitch, different lengths, needles from 11 to 18, fabric from handkerchief to 10 oz. canvas.  Dual Duty thread is crappola, but I included it in the mix.
Threads (cotton, poly, poly wrapped cotton) fuzz up on the needle eventually.  Then they break or nest up.  There is NO full in the bobbin carrier.
Every six or seven needle downs, especially at middle speed, there is a pronounced tick!!  Something is hitting or missing something.  THIS is why it is going back.

Speaking of speed.  The sliding scale is worthless.  The pedal gives more control.  If you want a sliding scale, put it a true variable pot.  Or add speed to the digital readout and computerize it. Cheap to do.

Soooooo.... we'll see what shows up Tuesday.  Stay tuned.
The redesign?  That is Brother's screw up. THEY need to fix it!"
I love this machine it has been a dream to sew with! I was using a vintage white machine that has held out through all my beginner mistakes but was fairly battered. With my new brother machine sewing has been a truely enjoyable experience! I easily sew slinky fabrics with an array of stitches I have found my projects much neater. I recommend this machine to both beginners and more advanced sewers!
This case is like armor! It has several times protected the sewing machine from my klutzy daughter. She loves her sewing machine but the case keeps it operational. Up and down the stairs it goes and is protected every time. One of my smarter buys.
"It's a tad flimsier than I'm comfortable with, but it's doing its job well so far. I love all the stitch options."
Very happy with this inexpensive sewing machine.  Lightweight and a sturdy plastic cover in included in the price. Have completed a couple of projects with great success.
I love it! Makes me excited to use. Easy to use. Dvd is great and manual.
It was pretty easy to use for someone (like me) who hasn't used a sewing machine in many years!
"I am so disappointed in this sewing machine. I picked it out as a birthday present from my husband because of all the positive reviews. Within the first couple of uses the needle threader broke, and everytime I use it I hear a terrible noise as the machine jams up and my fabric and thread get stuck in the machine. One of my needles actually broke because of how badly if got jammed. I constantly have to cut my fabric and thread out of the machine and re-thread it. When it does work, the stitch looks terrible, loose, and messy. I have looked at so many tutorials as I really wanted to be able to sew with this machine, but I see nothing that I'm doing wrong. Still I thought for sure the problem had to be me. Then I went to go see my 90 year old grandmother who has been sewing longer than I've been alive and I asked her about it. It turned out that she use to have the same machine and she had the same problem. She actually sent it off to be fixed with no luck as she continued to have the same jamming problem. She ended up just buying another machine, as I will have to do as well when I can afford to."
"Machine was a bit noisy at first, but after using it for a while it is much smoother. Have used quite a few of the different stitches, very easy to use . Well worth the price."
"I chose this machine as my first very own ,and it is everything I expected and more ,I love it"
"I bought it cheaply and it was very useful. As soon as I got shipped, I made my bedding... dogs love it."
"When my $350, only 5 year old Singer, probably used under 100 hours total, quit working right, I decided I needed a more expensive machine to get a good one.  I started reading reviews of machines costing between 450 and 650 and noted that all of them, regardless of brand, had a lot, high percentage, of negative comments, many of the same complaints i had with my $359 Singer.  Then I ran across this machine costing less than $200 delivered, and noted that almost all the reviews were 4 to 5 star, so I decided to try it.  It is wonderful, ten times better than that $350 Singer.  My only complaint is that it's tight space (limited space) around the needle making it difficult to get my large hand/fingers in there to thread the needle.  The self threader worked about twice,(that means not more than three times and not less than once)  same as on the singer, but that's not much of an issue, just had to get used to working within the space.  I have seen this is even less costly now than when I bought it, it's a great value.  My former wife, who sews a lot, and has an expensive embroidery machine, even bought one of these to use for her more routine sewing, based on my recommendation, and she loves it too."
good!!
"Wonderful machine! It's very easy to use and, after two months of consistent use while working on my first-ever quilt, it hasn't given me any trouble. I was even able to monogram our initials (my Mom worked on it with me) and date onto it! I do wish there were more options for the monogramming - there's only block upper case - but I'm not planning on doing much of that, so it's still great for the price."
Love the  machine thank you  so much
This is my new best friend!!!!!
"Absolutely love this machine. Only thing I
Would change is the light. I need something a little brighter. Love the ease of use"
Looking forward to using all the different stitches and for a low price.  Thank you
It does not work. CD rom not helpful. Cannot get the tension correct not matter how many settings I try.
"The only reason I am giving this machine 1 star is because I HATE LIARS AND DECEPTION!  This machine seems to have a lot of what I wanted but I found out that 'I"" am the ""automatic  thread cutter""  and the ""automated drop in bobbin"".  The machine would have been wonderful for what you got so why mislead customers?  I would have gladly paid more money for those items.  Instead both brother and amazon lost out on money and I didn't get the machine I was dreaming about.  I am soooooooooo disappointed."
Love it! Easy to use. I am not a big sewer so having easy to follow instructions and lots of features that make me look like a pro is great.
"I was planning to get the CS6000i, but when this XR9500 dropped in price to $10 lower than the CS6000i, I quickly ordered it. I believe they are both the same internally (same specs except for # of stitches), with different external plastics and different placement of controls. My friend is very pleased with the XR1355, also essentially the same machine. These Brother machines are fine for home use. Plenty of feet, all top quality. I have not had a single problem with thread breaking, or thread jamming. Good thread tension. The presser foot, although not having adjustable pressure, works fine with one layer of fabric, or several layers. The instruction book gives essential information for each operation, but online videos provide more insight."
"I ordered this machine because of these features. I want to make labels with my name on clothes. However, some fabrics are just really thin for it. it think the type of stitch is a little curve, not like my older singer machine that sewed straight stitches. I ordered an open box cause it was cheaper and I some accesorios were missing for example zig zag foot. And the button feet were incorrect. I received one standard button foot which does not work for this sewing machine. I had to reorder the correct one. the machine is strong (it does passes over thick fabric). It is also fast and light. I would have like some part were made of metal but it is worth the price."
I absolutely love this machine and my kids do too because the speed is adjustable to go super slow so they can help sew too and mommy not have to be as nervous about them getting hurt
"I just got it, and so far it is really easy to operate and I like stitch quality and easy bobbin system."
Love my new sewing machine! Love Project Runway! Brother did a great job!
"Received this machine as a surprise gift from my brother and sister in law today.....and so far, I am giving it 5 stars!  My only complaint is the work area light is a little dimmer than I'm used to, but I have a floor LED lamp I have there.....blame senior eyes....very fixable with an additional light!  I haven't tried quilting yet and after using a Kenmore cabinet machine that is 60+ years old, I'm sure this will be a huge difference.  So we will see....have a quilt in progress right now, so may finish it up on the Brother.....to be continued since I've only done some test stitching.  But it has been very easy to learn.  The only thing I haven't liked so far is the foot pedal....it works rather erratically."
Purchased for my daughter who is a fashion design major for her dorm room.  Her friend had it. Good for button holes.
It just works!
"Great product. Last time I used a sewing machine was 12 years in a home ec class and that was very brief. So I would say I am a beginner at using sewing machines.  I read the manual and was able to use the sewing machine the same day. Easy to use and works great. I have used this on thin fabrics, medium fabrics and jeans! Just when the layers of fabrics get thick you need to help push it a little to get it moving under the foot otherwise it will not go through and the thread will start to bunch in one place."
"Love this machine!!! I went from a very basic Brother LX2500 to the wonderful Brother project runway limited edition XR9500PRW. I am so pleased with this machine and it's features. Hands/feet free automatic sewing, automatic threading, automatic bobbin winding, the quilting table, the LED screen and all of the stitches!  Can't wait to make many awesome projects with this machine!"
This machine is extremely difficult to operate.  Even after reading the manual several times.  I know keep the manual on my lap while sewing.
AMAZING!!!!!!!
"It's more than what any cosplayer could have asked for. I've been looking for a new machine since my last one bit the dust and just wasn't happy with all I've found. This gem though, for monograming, quilting, 100 stitches, and $150? Bought it with little hesitation. Every stitch comes out perfect. And you get a lot of extras. Different foot sets, needles, everything even a new beginning sewer could ask for."
I am so very happy with this sewing machine!  EASY TO USE... RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX!  I was sewing up shamrock and heart and leaf trims immediately!  I have NEVER been this happy with a sewing machine EVER!
I'm very happy with this selection. It sew perfectly first time without any tension adjustments. Ixwould recommend this machine.
"I like this quite a bit. It isn't nearly as sturdy as my last Brother, which was almost 20 years old. Comparing them you can definitely see how this build is much lighter; you can also tell when trying to go through multiple layers. But, the computer part stopped working on my old one and they no longer made the part, so I had to get a new machine. I don't sew that much anymore, so I figured this would be good enough. And it has been. I have done hems. made repairs, sewn hair bands I made, and so on.

I have sewn jeans, but I wouldn't do it fast. Multiple layers, especially if heavy, need to be done slowlyI broke one needle, but other that than, all has been fine.

It is easy to use, has a TON of stitches, and takes up very little space."
"Two months into using my machine, the automatic thread feeder broke.  Not good.  Also the speed control moves way too easily, so if yu are sewing a heavy quilt, when you adjust the fabric and it hits the speed button, it moves it.  Resorted to using masking tape to keep it at the speed I need.
Overall, I would NOT purchase this from Amazon again, but would definitely go with a local store, so when things break, they could be easily fixed.
Other than that, I do enjoy the quietness of the machine and the variety of stitches."
Great! Everything I was expecting.
"I have had this machine for a little over 3 months and I love it. The big table, the ease of the bobbin and threading it, the built in stitches although I am still getting used to it all. My only complaints that I have is the bobbin size is very specific and you cannot easily go get the right size. not all the S15s are the same. I also don't like the pressor foot lever where it is located. It is on the wrong side for me, so a bit awkward to put up and down. I have used it quite a bit since getting it, on cotton blends, fleece, terry. I have also tried out several of the built in stitches. You have to make sure that you use the correct pressure foots with the stiching otherwise you have alot of problems with dropping stitches and breaking the thread."
Brother Project is good
"I haven't had this machine for two years, and it's broken.  Something happened which I don't know and the feed dogs dropped way below the needle plate, and cannot be brought up.  I took it to a repair facility and they told me it would cost as much to fix it as the item is worth, unless brother pre-authorizes me.  So it looks like I wasted some money, seeing as I only take this machine out for hemming and I made some curtains.  Also thread seemed to bunch up in the machine and always break while I was sewing.  It has a lot of features and I like the speed control.  Seems to sew easily in a straight line, but this machine is not sturdy and will not hold up to regular use.  It would have been better for me to either buy a cheap machine in anticipation I would get less than two years use, or just save money and invest toward a more sturdy machine."
I had never sewn before and find this machine user friendly and versatile.
"OOO OOOO I AM GETTING ALL GIDDY AT THE PROBABILITY OF BUYING THIS MACHINE!!!! I MISSED AN EXCLUSIVE OFFER ON A SINGER (SPECIAL OFFER  FOR PRIME MEMBERS) @ 2am TODAY!!!! And now would have to pay full price (phooey)!!! So, it must have been in the stars for that to happen 'cause I found something better in this brother!!!"
I love this machine so much. It's perfect and I love the monogramming feature
"This sewing machines  is more complex than what we had before and I sew not for 20 years.
The computerized stitching is awesome! It was so easily to use and it worked easily on the thick blanket material. I am  very happy with this purchase!"
"Be careful of the thread getting under the bobbin and wrapping around the post, it can destroy the tension adjuster with ho tight it pulls. Had to return the first one for this after barely a day because it damaged it bad enough the stitches wouldn't stay. The second one didn't go long before it happened to it too but it wasn't bad enough to warrant a replacement. Other than that it works great and being able to use the start/stop button instead of the peddle is an extremely nice feature. I'd never had a machine with that function before but now I wouldn't get one without it."
"I LOVE this machine!  I have been sewing for over 45 years, and this is my favorite machine yet!
The best part is being able to control it without a foot peddle, which means I have more control over the speed and therefore the outcome."
Very satisfied with this machine.  Good value for the vmoney.
"This was my first sewing machine at home. I took few classes and completed a few projects before. I carefully followed the Instructions - setup took a bit of time for me but was straight forward. I did experience a couple of bobbin winding failures. It either became unevenly wrapped or not winding at all. During my second use, I was sewing on slow speed - carefully feeding the machine -, then ""clank!"" some small metal part fell down from above out of nowhere. The metal part of the automatic threader piece fell off the plastic and there was no way to put it back on without forcing a lot of pressure. I actually never used the threader(I did it manually both times) and just broke down on me. Since this is my first machine to own, I don't know what to think. Based on other reviews, sometimes you could get the ""lemon"" units that have problems since the beginning. I only had it for little over 2 weeks and lightly used twice - I'm sending it back to get a different model."
"I purchased this machine and haven't been able to use it, had it sent to my friend in the US and she brought it to me, I was soooo excited, opened the box, followed instructions and immediately got an error.
It's supposed to mean there's thread stuck inside of the machine, guess what? I haven't even put thread next to it! I don't know how to thread it either so it makes no sense, this came sealed so I have no idea of what's going on.
The worst part? nobody in Costa Rica knows how to fix it"
I love this sewing machine. I'm really a beginner and the steps are very easy to follow
Fast and secure delivery Thanks so much. Great machine!!
I learned to use a sewing machine when I was a teenager. I remember how tricky it was to thread and how frustrated I got because the bottom and top stitches would get all knotted up. This machine is like a dream. I'm very glad I decided to pay a little more and get it. It's very easy to use and the instructions couldn't be more clear. I have been having a lot of fun sewing simple bags and making professional looking hems in my corderouys. Easy to use once you get the hang of it (try a couple of practice projects and use the internet to find videos of what you want to make). I'd recommend this machine to anyone. It's also much lighter than I remember my Mom's sewing machine being. It is easy to tuck away when I'm not using it and a real snap to set up when I'm ready to go.
"I have been eyeing this machine up for some time and always said that someday I would upgrade and get one.  Well, last week I was mid-project when my trusty old White behaved very, very badly. It was going to need to be hauled in for service, OR I could spend a little extra and get a new machine.  I dashed to the computer and within moments, this bad boy Brother was on its way.

I had no idea what I was missing by sticking with the old battle ax for so long!  This Brother machine is 100% pure pleasure to work with.  It took me just a few minutes to get familiar with the machine and start sewing.  My only complaint about the machine is with the ""accessory package"" that hides in the arm of the machine.  The kit is housed in a cheap vinyl snap bag, and I suspect it will not last very long.  I am on the prowl for the perfect accessory case to accompany this machine.  That being said,  I couldn't believe all the feet that came with the machine! The various stitches that this machine is capable of is wonderful to me- I was so used to making just three stitches do it all.  I finished the project I was working on in just a few minutes, and then looked around for something else to sew.  My mind is reeling at all the new possibilities ahead of me!"
anxious to use the stiches
good~~~!!
Great
good purchase
This is a very reliable sewing machine with many different options that I still need to explore!
My 10 year old daughter loves it!
it has really many function
"This was a birthday gift for my wife, she is thrilled with its performance! Plus you can't beat the price! If you have someone who is a fan of the show, and wants to learn the skill, this is the gift for them! Easy to set up, easy to use, and troubleshooting is a non-issue-"
This was delivered on time and is a great quality machine. Recommended!
Good sewing machine with lots of choice of stitches.  Only con is the changes of the various feet are not easy to achieve.
It was a gift and she says it works great and easy to use.
"Thank you, the package is all good. the machine is beautiful."
"Very quiet and does a great job. Still didn't get an answer on whether I can use the metal bobbins that I have from an old machine. They are the same size and width. I haven't used it enough yet to really learn all the options, but I look forward to it."
"The part of the machine which wraps the wire in the small coil unfortunately is not working well unfortunately. I'm going to request repair here in Brazil, this will be easier for me. The machine is amazing."
"I've had this machine for about 2 weeks and have been using it everyday with no problems.  It is easy to operate and the booklet and video are easy to understand.  I particularly like the drop-in bobbin that can be seen through a clear plastic plate so you know when you're running low on bobbin thread--genius!  Compared to my previous machine, a basic Singer, this machine runs much quieter and smoother.  I have tried several of the decorative stitches and am already planning projects using them.  The very basic monogramming function included on this machine is simple to do.  You can quickly put in a name to sew.  While not ornate in any way, I will use this feature today to put all of our family's first names on little Christmas stocking cuffs.  I easily made the 18 little quilted stockings with my new Brother machine and each personalized stocking will hold $5.00 scratch tickets (and candy of course) for a little Christmas Eve fun.  This very reasonably priced machine has really exceeded my expectations and I am very pleased with it."
"normally I sew on one of my vintage sewing machines. But I needed extra stitching and stuff for some projects, and this machine is just perfect for what I am doing."
I had a hard time threading the needle at first. Very easy to use. Like it a lot.
This Brother XR9500PRW Project Runway sewing machine is great.  It has excellent features.  I especially like it is lightweight - just 9.5 pounds.  It is a perfect sewing machine to take to classes.
"SO SO EASY TO USE!!
Set up from the box is easy and straightforward.
It's quiet.  Very quiet.
The speed adjuster keeps me from absentmindedly going to fast (like I drive...)
The special stitches are fantastic!  Can't wait to edge a baby blanket!
My mom was there when I opened mine.  She had to get one too!"
works great
Love this machine!
This machine only worked well for a week when I bought it. I don't sew often. Last time when I took it out to hem my son's pants it kept showing error message. It's so frustrating!! Hight tech headache!
nice
Works very well
Awesome and easy!
My wife loves the machine works better than expected.
great product
love it!
Nice machine! Easy to use and I love the different stitching options.
"Great sewing machine! It comes with directions and a video (which I haven't watched yet). I love how the ""easy thread"" system works and how smooth it runs."
a+++++
"I've had this for over a year now and I still think it is a great little machine. I've taken it to a few mid level sewing classes over the year and it has worked well for me. One of the instructors used it during the class and broke three of my needles. She hated the machine and doesn't like the brand. I guess it isn't for everyone. The needles broke going over thicker layers of fabric. I have also had about three needles break, but that was in a year, not in five minutes. Just sew a little more slowly when you get to thick part. I've also had a lot better luck with plastic bobbins. I really appreciate how many different feet came with this machine. Overall, I'm glad I chose this machine."
Great sewing machine. Handles most material just not made for think seams.
This sewing machine is perfect for anyone who has been sewing and beginners.  For the price you get a well made machine.  It's also very easy to use.
I LOVE this sewing machine!  I've had mine for several years now.  HIGHLY recommend.
Beautiful machine!!! Great seller!! This is everything I was looking for in a sewing machine!
"What a horrible excuse for a sewing machine.  I understand this isn't the most expensive model, but being a good introductory model it sure does cause a lot more headaches than what it's worth.  If you're just sewing wovens, I'm sure it would be just fine.  Anything else and you're up a creek and prepare to waste countless hours trying to wrangle this beast.  Even with the walking foot, it still cannot properly handle stretchier fabrics.  I'm writing this review a year later and I still think it's a hunk of junk.  I'd say it was user error, but I have taken classes now to see that it's less likely me and more so a poor product. Plastic, plastic and more plastic.  I'd sell it but I'd feel bad for the poor soul who ends up with it!"
I bought 2... one for me and 1 for my adult daughter.  We both find it easy to use and versatile.
very good . i like it !! very fun
I purchased them both and compared .. I found the CS6000i had two led lights to sew by and the XR9500PRW only had one .. I found the case fitted the CS6000i better and the XR9500PRW case was the same but had a styrofoam insert to make it conform .. I compared the stitches on both and found the only functional none decorative stitch the CS6000i was missing was a button hole stitch .. I noted the diffence in the feet that come with them and the CS6000i seemed like a better deal .. I would only purchase the XR9500PRW if I needed the extra decorative stitches .. I only give the XR9500PRW one star when compared to the CS6000i .. Otherwise they are the same except for the price and slight difference in shape .. Oh and the XR9500PRW back lit read out was a bit bright and a bit distracting to me ..
I just started sewing/quilting and was unsure what sewing machine to get. I didn't want to get a cheap one that was $100 or less only to end up getting another one in a year or so once I outgrew it. This is PERFECT. I'm so glad I decided to  get this. And this was the cheapest that I was able to find it. I love how many stitches this comes with and not to mention the accessories! Love that this includes the quilting table. It's come in handy already! I love this thing!!!! Great for beginners.
"I've had this machine for more than three years and love it.  no problems so far.  great for piecing, a bit too small for machine quilting."
"I'm enjoying the features and as a new-to-sewing crafter, it is easy to use.  BUT the bobbin thread is continually getting stuck and causing a mess no matter how carefully I thread it.  Definite downside."
"This is a great sewing machine, for the price it can't be beat.  I have made sewed countless projects on it and have had no problems.  I love the numerous stitch options, the ease of use, and the small size of this machine."
Tension issues
I'm very happy with my purchase.  So easy to use.
"Love my machine, The DVD that came with the machine was a big helpful!!!!!"
I used this machine for a quilt retreat.  It worked so well.  This machine was a good value.
I'm trying to pay for this item with my PayPal credit account
Love my new machine. I was looking to upgrade my old machine & did a lot of research on different machines. I ended up choosing this one & im glad i did. The speed control is my favorite feature. I would definitely recommend this machine to anyone
Good buy
"Great little sewing machine, lots of features and easy to use. I had never sewn before this but picked it up quickly after watching the included DVD"
"I am very excited about my new Brother machine.  It replaces a Kenmore machine of 20 years that is very similar.  It sews like a dream.  Very quiet.  Very lightweight.  I have been sewing for many, many years and have a little piece of advice for everyone buying this machine.  Read the manual and also watch the DVD video that comes with the machine.  The video especially will help you with several things.  I actually watched several YouTube videos on how to use the auto threader on this machine and either the person put their hand in front of the needle and blocked what she was doing or just manually threaded the needle.  After watching the DVD I found this to be very simple.  Also, make sure you use the proper bobbin with the machine and note exactly how to thread the machine.  Direction of the thread is very important.  I think the 3 speeds are a good thing.  Never had this before.  Also, never sewed with anything but a foot pedal.  You can press a button on the machine and sew without using the foot pedal.  This comes with tons of accessories and lots of stitch options.  I'm very pleased and am very glad I bought this model. "
"I honestly did not have any real expectations for this sewing machine. What impressed me was all the positive reviews, the Project Runway reference, the hard cover included, the weight, the drop-in ease of threading the bobbin, how quiet it is, & price. It has exceeded what I have previously used to sew on...mind you, the tough, sturdy, all metal, manual machine (Kenmore) spoiled me regarding quality and performance but having used a Singer since with a defective plastic bobbin case, dogfeed so low, repair service 75 miles away, I ordered this Brother. It is smooth, and the automatic settings with your choice of stitches computerized, stitch guide ON the machine, the comfort and ease, optional assist buttons instead of turning the wheel or stepping on the foot pedal make it a joy to sew! True, the needle threader has not threaded yet, even though I tried many times, unfortunately. The bobbin threading is a breeze, as is all functions. Worth every penny, highly recommend, and love to sew again!"
"I love it, it's working very well. I also have a Brother CS6000i, which is still working and I bought this one for the extra stitches and the sale price I got it for. It's nice having two sewing machines. Love all the features that this one has. Have not used them all yet, but I'm sure I'll get to them."
Light and works great
I have a Brother embroidery sewing machine and was tired of having to pull it apart when i wanted to do regular sewing and then having to put the embroidery arm back on when wanting to embroidery and was afraid that the arm would get damaged. My husband bought me the brother runway sewing machine When i took it out of the box I thought it looked like a toy but it is not I love it. Only thing i don't like about it is it don't cut the thread when you are done sewing like the embroidery machine does but that is no big deal.
The machine sews well but is noisy. I bought this for my grand daughter and it will be fine for her to learn and have fun on.
"Great machine! The only problem I have had with it so far is that it won't thread itself, I have to do it with a keen eye. The threader doesn't seem to work. But the machine is so great otherwise, I don't mind."
I NOT HAPPY WITH HOW HOW IT STITCHES WITH THE TENSION AND STITCH  SETING.
"I bought this mainly for freemotion quilting.  I've quilted two quilts with it, and spent three days on a piece that required freemotion 'thread sketching,' meaning I needed to change direction frequently and move the fabric smoothly under the needle.

This machine has been a trooper.  I haven't had to adjust the tension much at all - where more expensive machines have balked, this machine has had no issues with heavy or light batting, interfacing, quick changes of direction, standard stitching, quilting work, it's all been very easy and reliable!  I've used multiple types and weights of cotton and polyester thread, and so far, it's done fantastically with everything.

I haven't tried the decorative stitches, but this is a great machine for quilting - both for piecing and for free motion quilting.  I highly recommend it.  It has a needle down feature, which is key for free motion quilting, and a speed regulator, which is wonderful if you (like me) get a little out of control with your speed sometimes.  The speed regulator stops you from going over a chosen speed.  You still control speeds with your foot pedal, but it keeps you from getting out of control."
"Beautiful machine, great price but../Had to send back.  too complicated for my 88 year old mother."
"Lower end machine, but does what I need it to."
I love this machine.  The controls are so easy to use and threading and bobbin winding are a breeze.  Could not be happier.
Product is basically what I expected and a definite giant step up from my previous machine. It comes with a lot of additional feet (and other things) and I particularly like that it informs you which foot you have to use for what stitch (I can appreciate that as someone who is not always sure). So far it has worked very well. The one somewhat minor complaint that I do have is how they package the extra things that come with it. On my previous machine the part that pulls out (so that you can sew sleeves and such) had an attached little drawer that I could store things in (fully part of the portion that pulled out) this machine does not. Instead of having a little drawer it has a little plastic pouch that you're supposed to put things in and then you can slide that little pouch into the part that pulls out-but they are completely separate and I am concerned about the durability of the pouch and the fact that I have yet to put it back right on my first try (into the space provided for it-its a tight squeeze)-also putting the little piece that comes off to sew sleeves back on is a little annoying as I have yet to get it right the first time-especially while trying to put it on with the little pouch inside of it. Its pretty minor and not really an issue if you have a better place to put those things in the first place (like if you have a dedicated place for the machine) but I don't so it has been irking me just a little. Otherwise good though. Definitely read the manual.
ive more than made my money back on this lil gem- my first and only sewing machine so far and I love her.
Love thus machine. So many features.
"My wife loves her new Brother. Simple to use and understand. I bought Brother as I have bought Brother printers for a long time and know they are dependable. Lightweight and easy to carry and setup. Quite, yet quick and does lots of sewing tricks that my wife understands, not me."
"Worked perfectly, and everything was uber simple, and amazingly smooth with this nifty little seamstress wrapped in plastic...  until it ATE my daughters nearly completed RIBBON belt! Seriously.. it just sucked it down in to the 'whatchamacallit' thingy dohicky.. behind the bobbin.. Luckily it came with handy little screw driver--that has too long of a handle to be useful--for removing the plate.. so it's off to the hardware store to find a stubby flat-head (screw-driver, not clerk) so I can remove that piece of ribbon and get back to crafting my masterpieces of wildly not-strait stitching... But even with this headache (which is likely just my fault for doing something wrong -- in my defense, I haven't sewn in over 2 decades).. this is a pretty smooth machine.. I feel absolutely spoiled by the easy-to-use needle-threader.. it's like cheating! I don't even hate when the thread comes undone anymore."
I really like it so far.  Love all the different stitches.  Haven't tried everything yet.
great sewing machine well worth it. I am lost without it. I use my just about every day.
"I am a complete noob.
I don't know how to sew.
Who do I think I am?!

But then I found Brother XR95000PRW and now I'm making costumes for conventions. Truth be told, it took me 20 minutes to take the box off my porch, set-up the machine, and start sewing! I choose Brother because this was recommended as a great machine for beginners and I'm thankful for the advice. The informative video is great as well because it helps with the basics, I usually learn by watching youtube videos and online tutorials so it was easy to follow. If you can't sew a straight stitch after the video then you should consider going to a sewing class.

Since this is my first machine I don't know what to consider ""bad."" I'll give it a few months and update my review if anything happens - if I don't update my review then it's obvious my Brother worked perfectly."
I love my new machine its perfect.
"I've had this machine for a year now and absolutely love it. The one thing I've had a little difficulty with is setting the quilting table that comes with it but that'd be my only complaint. I like the manual- it's very easy to follow. The machine is fast, not too noisy, comes with a ton of special feet that are great. This being my first machine, made sewing my favorite hobby."
Nice Machine
Very good !
"This machine was an upgrade from a Brother LX 2500, which still worked fine...I just wanted more options re: stitches, etc.  The CE1100PRW is a great machine, perfect for beginners, but I believe can serve even a more experienced sewer just fine.  The price is great, there are some extra bells and whistles compared to the most basic machines, and after about 1.5 years, I really have had no troubles."
This is easy to use and has a lot of stitches.  It's a great tool for the price
Great machine for quilting and basic sewing!
Great machine to cart around to quilt any place I need.
"I really like the number of decorative stitches available. The price is fantastic for the machine. I bought this machine on a saturday morning because friday afternoon my Brother embroidery machine developed a problem and had to go in for service. I received this machine on Monday morning - Thank you Prime! I never missed a beat, and of the 3 machines that I use the most, it is the one that is being used on a daily basis."
Best sewing machine I've had in all the years that I have been sewing. Easy to use.
Been using a lot since I bought.  Easy to use and sews nice. Worth the price.  Light weight to carry also. Really don't need the extra case. If not going to travel with it it comes with a hard cover to protect it when not using.
"For many years I sewed on a Kenmore that was top-of-the-line when my husband bought it for me in the 1970s. It sewed, serged, embroidered, and had more features than I knew what to do with. It was a good workhorse that saw me through many cute outfits for my kids as they were growing up. But it was HEAVY. At this point in my life I needed something I could carry up and down the stairs, or bring somewhere if sewing friends were getting together. The thought of lugging the Kenmore caused me to abandon some good ideas.

This Brother was the perfect solution for me. It sews, serges, embroiders, and has more features than I know what to do with. And it does it quietly and with ease. Plus it cost a fraction of what my husband paid for the heavy Kenmore in the 70s! That's pretty amazing."
"love, love, love, my new machine.  I have made 14 tshirt quilts with it so far and a multitude of other craft projects....."
Love my machine. Just started sewing and bought this. So easy to use.
"This is a great little machine, light and easy to carry to quiling/sewing classes.  I love it."
"Machine works great. I imported it to Europe, and use it with 220v to 110v transformer - this works well."
Cannot be beat for the price.
Brother never disappoints! Great sewing machine.
Love it
nice sewing machine
"I purchased this machine to replace a Singer I received as a gift a few years ago. The difference is night and day! I am overwhelmed by the quality of this machine comparatively. It is quiet, VERY easy to use, and produces a top notch stitch. I have done a ton of this with this machine with very little effort that I never would have attempted with my old machine - sewing on a button, sewing knits, and MUCH more in just a few weeks. I am a moderately experienced self-taught sewer (thank you, You Tube!!) and I highly recommend this machine."
is cool! thank you!
"I was unsure which machine to buy after giving away my previous cheaper but dearest sewing machine (Ikea SY) after moving countries.
I am a heavy user, and I know how to use a sewing machine and how to adjust the tension, and how to take out a stuck thread from the bobin case. I believe these are very basics, of sewing problems troubleshooting, and the experience of the people who don't know how basics might be a little bit different than me. And for those buyers I'd kindly recommend to watch some youtube how-to videos and review some starter books which are sold in Amazon before returning the machine.

About this machine:
So far I am amazed with working with a digital machine. Its quite silent. There are multiple speed options, however, I still find  it easier to use the foot pedal works the best when I am making garment clothes.
I am using the needle threader first time with this machine, it works great but I think you need to treat it with care or it can easily be broken.
The machine comes with some basic foot, but was missing some other foot like ""invisible zipper foot"" I was using, so I bought a couple of extra feet and made a simple quilt used it on multiple layers and on different types of fabrics.
I am using the case that comes with the machine to cover it up, but I don't think you can actually carry the machine with the case. There is nothing to hold the machine. Which is a bummer, but its ok.
The machine has letter font stitching, which are difficult to see from in the images of the product description. I haven't tried them, but they exist, if you were also wondering like me.
I don't think the machine I got was used before or refurbished. Which was important to me.

Overall, this is a great machine, I suggest this to beginner sewists who are willing to learn and advance sewists who know what they are doing. This is the second time I am getting a Brother machine and I find the overall quality/price value of Brother brand quite outstanding when compared with other brands."
Great!
exceeds all my wife's needs
"Yesterday I received the goods safely in South Korea.
Very satisfied with goods purchased.

However, the products do not have the manual in Korean was uncomfortable.
If you add Korean manual
Like a lot of South Korean buyers, and due to this it is thought to have bought a lot more.
Thanks to Amazon.

eom jae-seok"
my favorite device ever!
Love it
I am thoroughly enjoying this wonderful lightweight machine.
"Have not use it as yet, but luckily manage to thread as instructed with the attached dvd super convenient and resourceful."
Rub Harder really likes this sewing machine.  our granddaughter is just learning to sew and she loves this machine.
"Wife loves it. She uses it lightly, so I can't testify to how durable or long lasting this machine will be, but I can get back to you later on that. She loves how many stitch patterns there are, and she says it's very user friendly."
"This machine was a great buy.  I've never touched a sewing machine in my life and was going to get one for around $80 but I'm glad I spent the extra money to get this.  It threads easily and my young children are both using it and learning how to maintain it.  Many people will tell you to start out with a basic machine but I think with this computerized machine, which is SO EASY to use, you'll have a lot less frustration and can begin sewing anything you want in pretty short order.  Plus there are many youtube videos that will walk you through every aspect of using the machine just in case you need help.  The included feet are very nice, as are all the extra goodies you get.  I am so pleased with my Project Runway XR9500! I am glad I spent the extra money - now I don't have to spend the money twice by buying a basic machine and THEN a better one because I've outgrown the basic machine.  I think this will be a one time purchase because I can't imagine needing anything else that this machine doesn't do."
"Great sewing machine, does TONS of things that more expensive models don't necessarily do"
I love love love this sewing machine!
"From the beginning nothing but problems,after 1 month stopped working altogether."
I love this sewing machine
"This is a nice machine and packaged extremely well. We received it very quickly. My daughter had a few problems with some of the parts, but called the number in packaging and they were very helpful and nice. My daughter is just starting out and had a small amount of knowledge from home-ec classes from school. She seems to use it well and the extended table was real nice. Good machine and has a lot of instructions that are helpful."
Works fantastically. I see mostly for myself and this machine has been great!
gift for wife. she liked it
"I bought my last sewing machine 40 years ago. I was a bit worried this would be too hard to learn to use. Wrong. Step by step I learned to use the machine and rather like its versatility. It's lightweight compared to my old machine making it much easier to move around.  So, I'll put the machine in my old case. Adjusting the tension on stitches and on the large range of stitches is easy and I like the way stitches look. I have not used the larger bed yet. I may not do a project that would need one for a while. I don't know how I lived so long without a needle position button and use it frequently. It's nice. Also the threader took me a bit to understand but my old eyes are liking it. It actually makes me more likely to sew items when I have to change thread color instead of letting a whole stack of little projects pile up! One small negative: I don't like the ""cover"" which just rests on one side and the top of the machine. Kind of a waste of plastic since it won't stay on without being held against the machine. I've got my old carrying case and this fits well with accessories so it really isn't an issue."
I am so happy with this sewing machine.  I am a first time quilter.  So far so good
"This is the first sewing machine I've ever personally owned and I was quite surprised at how easy it was to set up and start sewing away. So far I've made a queen size quilt, a few throw blankets and some pillow cases for my kids. It's easy to move from one room to the next. This is a great machine for beginners and experienced crafters."
Great machine for beginners or advanced users! BEYOND PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHASE 
"Got this machine as an upgrade to my current machine. It has more stitches and I wanted to experiment with some of them in quilting. I LOVE the machine. It is exactly as advertised, the shipping was super fast, and I have used it a lot since I purchased it. It has not missed a beat. I can see me using it for a long time to come."
my wife loves it
I bought this for my wife. She uses it at least once a week and tells me every time how much she loves it since it isn't as complicated as her other machine and much better quality than the basic machine she began with.
"I am a casual sewer, and this machine was an upgrade in terms of technology and features.  I have really loved using it.  It's easy and intuitive to use and will do all kinds of fancy things my previous sewing machine couldn't do.  I'm really pleased with this machine!"
"After my 30 year old Brother sewing machine died,  I splurged and purchased a new sewing machine.  Everything about my new Brother sewing machine is easy.  It is light-weight and easy to transport and set up, and it's easy to thread and operate.  I highly recommend the Brother XR9500PRW."
"My Husband purchased this last year for me, and I just LOVE IT! It is my first sewing machine, and I can't say enough great things about it. I have gotten over my fear of learning to sew with this baby. It has been so easy for me to learn on this machine I just had to write a review at 2am! If you have been been bitten by the creative bug ...buy this machine!"
Lots of features at a good price.
great
E joy in it. Not for a beginner but easy to learn.
"Haven't had time to use it yet, but can't wait to get started."
"This thing is awesome! I've made a couple of quilts and pillows with it already, and although some of the features are not something I'd personally use often (lettering) the other features really make this model. It was on sale when I picked it up, but I likely would have paid more had I known what a step-up it was from the previous Brother model I was using."
"This is a great machine for anyone! I started sewing at age 10 and made many of my own clothes til I was about 30 and could afford to buy them. I had an old Sears machine from my teen years until about 20 years ago. Then I bought a horrible manual machine that I could not get to work well and only sewed to alter a few things. I finally decided to get a new machine and am very glad I did not follow advice to get another manual machine. This sewing machine has rekindled my love of sewing and creating with fabric. It was like riding a bike, I can still do it! But it is so much nicer to have a machine that does what I want. I am an artist and I'm so excited to see where this takes me with my clothing and art."
Its a good machine but struggles with 3 layers of fleece [sewing the sleeve on a robe from fleece]
In love with this machine!
Exellent Sewing Machine
she likes it.
Arrived quickly.  Had it up and running quickly.  Finished project quickly.
I can't honestly review this item as I purchased it to donate to a shelter for girls who are victims of human trafficking and had the sewing machine shipped directly to the shelter.  The specs for the machine made me think it would be a good fit for girls who want to learn to sew.
This machine rocks. Love it. Had $3k machine and like this one more. Easy to operate. Great stitches.
Amazing sewing machine. I love all the different stitches. I also like the speed control. Best sewing machine I have used.
Love this machine!! It does everything I want it to do with no problem.
This is an awesome price for a lightweight machine.  Bought it for my Grand Daughter to learn to sew.  Has everything she will need for a long while.  Brother products are always well made and priced for value.
Had it one month.  So far I love it.  Very easy to use.
Machine came promptly and in good order.  I went through all the tutorials and then made a blouse.  I love this machine!!!!
Love love love this machine
"So far so good. I can sew twice as fast as I could on my old Kenmore. Not crazy about the left of center default position of the needle, but I'm getting used to it. The automatic needle threader is not quite as easy as I hoped it would be, but again, I'm getting the hang of it. Changing stitches couldn't be easier but I the buttonholer didn't work at all  for me. I haven't given up though and hope to figure it  out."
"Really really like it! Only issue I've come across is that the little quilting table leaves a bit of a ledge in the front between itself and the machine, where needles can get caught sometimes."
I purchased this after having another cheaper machine.  This one is easy to use but does jam from time to time.  I think I will just need to take the plunge and purhase a machine that is heavy duty.
"fantastic sawing machine. I did all the cushions, decorations and a few other projects flawlessly"
Excellent
"wife loves this machine, she be makin/fixin all kinds of stuff with it. Keeps her outta my hair!"
loved it
"When it works it works well. I can sew for a while then the bobbin jams then sew  for a while then the bobbin jams , then sew  for a while and the bobbin jams. I am just sewing two layers of cotton together . Each bobbin thread jam took an hour of problem solving. Atne end of the day , I worked more on the machine than was able to sew. I'm want to return  this defective product but it is outside the return guidelines for Christmas gifts."
"Bought this for a Christmas present and haven't heard any negative comments about it,thank you for a good product."
Great
"This is a nice machine for the price, works well with many stitch options.  Had a bit of trouble getting the tension correct but is doing ok."
LOVE THE MACHINE AND AM TRYING ALL THE STITCHES.  SLOWLY.  AM STAARTING A BABY QUILT FOR MY NEWEST GREAT GRANDSON.  LOVE THE STITCHES IT CAN MAKE.  MAY ORDER SOME NEW FEET FOR DIFFERENT PROJECTS.  LIKE A WALKING FOOT AND A COUPLE OF OTHERS.  WAS A GREAT BUY ALSO.
Super! Cheaper than local stores!
"My wife uses these for her sewing class, great units, everyone loves them."
I really love how light weight and easy this machine is to use!
"Great little machine,many stitches, lightweight to pick up and carry, yet strong enough for tough sewing, plus includes the quilting extender table. Everything I wanted and at a great price. I am an advanced seamstress and bought this as a backup machine."
Love love LOVE THIS MACHINE!!  It does hang up if Im sewing something too thick.  But no other problems
"This machine sews wonderfully!  Its easy to use, and quiet too.  It comes with a nice carrying case, has onboard storage for spare parts too.  Perfect for the beginner or experienced seamstress."
This machine is just what my wife wanted. She seems very pleased with it so far. It arrived two days after I placed the order.
"Machine does a pretty good job.  Has plenty of features. I bought two of them for my daughters last Christmas.  They've tinkered with them but haven't put a lot of time on either one of them. That said, I believe the machines will be around to grow with them as they need to do hemming or small alterations."
Does a great job even on thick material.
Beautiful machine!  Easy to use and computerized.
"Nice machine for the money. Light weight,  a good medium duty machine."
"One of the best ""just learning"" to ""Ok, I'm pretty good"" sewing machines. Great price."
Nice machine for my daughter.
Bought this machine for my wife a couple of years ago and it has been GREAT!! Just bought another for her sister and would recommend this machine to anyone looking for a middle of the road sewing machine.
"I could not be more pleased with my purchase of this machine , I love being able to quilt my own things ! It's worth it , so worth it"
"I really wanted to like this machine but every time I need to use it it seems there is yet another problem to deal with.  Right now I'm on hold waiting for brother customer service (very long hold), trying to find out what I need to do because my fabric has jammed, yet again, and I'm unable to get it out.  I was reading online and many suggested removing the needle plate but when I looked to find the small screwdriver that would fit under the casing and allow me to remove the screws, I found that this model doesn't even come with that all important small screw driver.  Once again, I'm stuck and unable to use my machine (I was doing a very, very simple zigzag stitch).

Update 7/22/16:  Not only does the machine jam constantly but the automatic threader is very, very fragile and breaks easily (seems to be a common issue)."
"Bought this unit due to the good reviews.  Went to set it up, bobbin winder works fine. Put down the presser foot to engage sewing and as soon as the pedal is pressed E1 error code comes up.  Hopefully it's a simple fix but atm not very impressed!

Update:
So I contacted customer support and the lady was more than helpful.  She made all the arrangements with UPS to have to defective machine picked up the next day, amazon covered the postage. On top of it all we recieved the new machine 2 days later.  Plugged it in, set it up, and it works like a charm.  I am very happy now with the unit and am more impressed with the customer service!"
"When I purchased this machine two years ago, I was excited with all the bells and whistles it had....I loved it!!  Ran great!!  Easy to use!!  Even my 7 year granddaughter was able to sew on it.  I have an online business, so I used it every day for many items....I was extremely happy with the quality of the machine.....Except now....just two years later....Its a piece of junk....I had it in for servicing for some problems I was having with the hand wheel and was told that it would not be cost effective to fix it!!!  That it would be cheaper to buy a brand new machine!!!.  What in the world!!  Never again will I buy a Brother machine!!"
Wife loves it...
"I just love love love this machine.  I haven't used a sewing machine since 7th grade FACS class, but picked it up easily!"
My old machine needed to be replaced after 30+ years. This machine is ok. I was disappointed to discover most of it is made of plastic. My old White machine was completely metal so I'm sure this wouldn't last anywhere near as long. I checked the reviews and questions on Amazon before I purchased and saw some that said it works well on heavy denim. I haven't had that experience.  I mainly use my machine for repairs and hemming my husbands jeans. It's ok on repairs but can't sew through the triple thickness of a hem so I'm pretty unhappy with that aspect. I do like the fact that it's very easy to thread and winding bobbins is a breeze. It does a lot of speciality stitches but I don't use those at all.  It would be a great machine for making garments but not for med-heavy denim or upholstery material.
"Great machine, bought for my mother in law, she loved it."
Very happy with the machine and it shipped very fast.
"The feeder dogs on this machine broke after only being used to make two quilts!  Took to repair shop, not worth repairing as they would have to machine a part thar may not work! Made in China piece of junk.  Unacceptable.  Tried to return since I've only owned it since Oct 2015, less than three months! But it is not eligible for return per amazon 30 day policy.  So upset!"
this is a light weight sewing machine. it will not sew even medium weight fabric without the stitches bunching up.
Incredible  machine!  Practically thinks for itself. Informative DVD very helpful. Great value!
I am a beginner self taught sewer. I love this machine it's easy to use and I am always looking for sewing projects. I can't wait to learn to more things with it as it has so many different stitching options.
"I bought this item last year, it was doing fine, until I was sewing something and the teeth ate the string, for the third time. These people give you a tool for this type of problem, but the tool is like three and a half inches long, literally an inch and a half too long to even use. The needles break easily and the thing that has the teeth in it is extremely difficult to take apart. I've had very few enjoyable experiences with this machine and highly recommend a different one."
"This is my first time owning and operating a sewing machine.  it is very easy to use with the instructional dvd that came along with the machine.  The first night I did some practice and learned the functions of the machine, there are plenty to be learned.  The second night Inhemmed up a couple sleeping pants and sea a couple pillow cases.  The built in stitches are excellent!  Iwould recommend this to anyone who is into sewing."
Works great !
Easy to use with a great video explaining how to use the machine.  Includes great embroidery stitches to optimize your sewing.
"I haven't used it yet but I am already disappointed in the hard cover which is only to keep the dust off of the machine when it is left sitting out on a table.  It is NOT a CARRY CASE.  This machine is very small & portable which I like as I am replacing a large antique machine in cabinet.  However, I can't imagine anyone leaving it out all the time & needing to only keep a plastic cover over it instead of a portable carrying case for storage.  The cover also has a large handle hole in it so dust can fall on it even with the cover, so just not seeing the whole point in the cover.  A carrying case would have been much more practical & useful."
works great!
Box was unharmed or dented. Good job.
Jammed the first time I used this and I cannot get the bobbin to work.  Really disappointed.  I have had other brother products that broke quickly but that was years ago.  I ordered this based on reviews and hoping the maybe I had just had bad luck.  Nope.  I'm sending it back.
"I was so excited for my machine to arrive. It did not disappoint! I previously owned the ce7070prw. I really believe tension issues some people have are user related because I absolutely hated my first machine (INITIALLY).. it made me feel completely incapable of sewing with its ""tension issues""- which all turned out to be due to my misunderstanding of how to properly wind the bobbin and properly thread! That said, I had absolutely NO issues out of the box with this one. I decided to make some baby gifts.. I have never tried using lettering, so that was an experience! Lol! I'm pretty sure I need thicker thread for fleece so it looked somewhat sketchy no matter what setting I chose due to this. It also did not help that I was using the regular needle and not a ballpoint knit needle which I did use on the bib and got MUCH better results (see pics). The machine is great! I had fun learning HOW to get what I need from it I suggest you do this in a light hearted mood also, probably not a process you want to learn if you're already overwhelmed or irritated!

Beginner tip: Get out some scraps of various fabrics and make yourself a little ""scrap book"" showcasing your most needed stitches at different settings.. it will make your future projects less tedious. I wish I had done that with my first machine so I recommend that to anyone starting to sew!"
"This is brand new, but I can tell you so far, it is amazing!  Runs so smooth and I love the speed options.  This is a big upgrade for me as I have always had Singer machines with knobs.  I still have more to use it for, but compared to what I have had in the past, this is a great machine for the money."
"I'm rather new to sewing.  Based on this, I will accept some responsibility that the issue could be my fault.  However, the feed dog just broke for the second time.  The first time, I can understand, I was working with some heavy fabric.  This time, it was fleece and cotton.  This machine can't seem to handle the work.  I've already paid to have it fixed once (which was just slightly cheaper than the machine itself).  Now it's just an extra expensive paperweight."
"I have three of these machines, that's how much I love it! It is perfect for new sewers because of the variable speed. The bobbin is easy to load into the machine and the needle-threader is wonderful for the younger and older sewer alike. I've been teaching my three daughters that are above age 8 to sew on these machines without issue. I loved it so much, I bought one for myself. I've sewn just about everything on these machines, from jeans to satin and have loved the ease of use each time. I highly recommend this machine for the beginner and moderate sewer."
good
Loving it so far. Smart little machine
"I didn't have any sewing experience when I bought this machine. It was easy to set up, and I quickly figured out how to sew a hem. Made a set of curtains for an outdoor pergola. My only gripe is that the clearance under the arm isn't quite tall enough to fit my whole hand underneath. So working with the foot and needle was a bit tight. Love the variable speed though. All in all a great machine."
Great price and works good too.
I love this machine. Easy to use and great directions...
"I am new to sewing, but this is such a great machine. It has allowed me to do quite a bit, and I have not even scratched the surface of what it can really do. I cannot say how much I love this product as my first machine!"
Thought this would be a quality product since it was a Project Runway Limited Edition. NOT!!  Pros: It's an ok beginner's product with great features.  Cons: Not sturdy. a light weight. Does not stay in place when sowing. Would not purchase again nor recommend.
This is a great little machine. I only wish it would of been self threading.
I really .love this sewing machine. I am having a blast. However the extended table that is with the machine is not really a good product. It does not stay snapped in. However this machine is the best.
This is a great product.
My daughter loves it for her class.
"Item arrived within one day.  I immediately unboxed and was able to start using right away. One slight piece of the styrofoam surrounding the sewing machine was broken inside the box, but it did not see to affect the protection. I love this machine, it sews very smoothly, I love the choice of speeds, the thread cutter, easy to use. I recommend for beginning to intermediate sewers."
"It has been years since I have used a sewing machine. I wanted to learn and make quilts and after several reviews and blogs, this machine was the best for a 'beginner' and learner.
I was pretty afraid to use it, but once I sat down to start a bobbin, the Brother machine knew what to do. Machines have come a long way; greater ease to thread, needle auto stops in the down (fabric) position, and buttons are all easy to reach.
I suggest you watch the instructions in the given CD, that helped me past my original fear.
I have been quilting a table runner with fantastic results. I did have an issue with the tension, but then researched to find that I had not threaded the bobbin right. For those with same issue, the grey plate slides towards you to expose the actual bobbin, and the metal threader. I was not catching both the grey plastic threader and the metal section below.
I used a Singer machine in the past, and this one is my new joy!  Making gifts and having fun!"
"Bought this for my wife two years ago for Christmas and it is definitely a crowd pleaser. She's made slippers, quilts, pillows, sweat pants, shirts, curtains, and much more. I have not heard her say ""I wish this could do...""."
My wife loves this. She's made curtains and fixed several pair of my pants and shorts so far. Easy to use and extremely versatile.
"So far, it appears to be a machine that will meet and easily exceed my needs.  I mainly purchased it for craft projects and mending.  My sister has the exact model and she makes very nice quilted wall hangings.  I was impressed by all the decorative and functional stitches.  I don't think I will ever outgrow it even if I become an experienced seamstress.  Very easy to thread, fill the bobbin, and change bobbins.  The needle threader works well too."
"Who can I contact ? I liked my sewing machine, I didn't use it much but this time I tried to use it, it began jamming the thread, I followed the instruction on the notebook but it didn't help! When I paid $180 I was hoping to be able o use this machine for few years, with limited work that I use it for!"
Great machine for the money !
Very easy to use and set up.  i've been teaching myself how to sew and this give me a lot of options versus a basic model.
bought this for a second machine is a great one to have.  This machine does just about everything.
Works well and with all the bells and whistles there is not much I can't do.
"In the last two years, I've used this to make clothing & costumes, repair ripped jeans, make simple buttonholes, attach Scout patches, ... Fabrics of every weight feed like a dream. So it seems trivial to sew accurate, good-looking garments. Believe me, I've used machines that demanded much more care from the user just to get a consistent seam!

This machine replaces my two-in-a-row super-expensive, way-computerized, I-can-afford-it-now, do-everything machines that broke before I ever 'did everything'! It is very easy to be drawn toward the promise of many features. But in truth, you often only need a few key items. And those expensive machines are remarkably fragile & hard to use. The only fancy stitches I've needed on this machine are the utility ones like blind hem, zigzag, over-stitch, applique, and darn. These are working far better than on the machines I used in my youth! I could not be happier!

The way the machine operates seems very sensible. For example, the default straight-zigzag stitch puts the needle to the left side--instead of the middle--of the presser foot. Different than the way old machines used to work, but quickly apparent how much better this places the foot to hold the fabric. Also, the needle pauses in the down position. My previous machine did the opposite and it became very annoying; I pause stitching to turn a corner or adjust the fabric much more frequently than to remove it.

It is so tiny & light you can easily store or move it. I love that, but it also creates one weakenss. The throat--between the needle & the motor-- is small so you cannot pull huge wads of Ren Faire skirt or king-sized quilt through; a rare need in most sewing. And my right hand had to re-learn the position of the pressure foot lever.

Bottom line, this machine would be great for anyone who just wants to sew clothing, or anyone with a small place or a limited budget. If money is no object, I would still recommend it: get this machine, and add a low-cost serger to your equipment. Only if you are an extremely dedicated machine quilter or embroiderer, consider moving up a size."
This is my first sewing machine ever and already had a couple of struggles but thanks to YouTube tutorials I think I will get through it. I know the DVD that comes with it gives all these features explanation but starting with one thing at a time is needed. Over all a super exciting buy and I hope to get into this even more in the future.
"BIG PLUS it's made in America, not China. Operating this sewing machine was a breeze and the instruction manual was so helpful. Great value for the money."
Fantastic machine. We bought this for our daughter. She has sewn on it daily for the last 2 months....super easy to use right out of the box. Another home run Brother!
I love my sewing machine!  I've made many curtains and so far so good!
Love this sewing machine. It's a Christmas gift for my daughter. Bought the same one for my other daughter and she loves it.
love it work nice
Reached me new and well-packaged
Love this machine. I've been sewing about 5 yrs and see a lot!! This machine replaces my 1st Brother that was a workhorse!! I love the decorative stitches as I make a lot of little girl clothes.
"Love this machine, works great. Everything I expected and more."
Love this sewing machine!
Love it
I've seen a lot of reviews and some of them made me nervous but I said what the heck let me try anyway. So far I love it!!! No major complaints from my end. I'm a beginner and have zero experience when it comes to sewing so I think this is perfect for me. My mom has been sewing on her singer machine for years and she told me that she's jealous of my machine. She said this machine is good even if you're and experienced seamstress. I was advised to get stronger needles if I wanted to sew denim and other heavy fabrics so I did purchase needles for that. But other than that I really satisfied and I can't wait to get started on projects. Maybe in the future when I'm more experienced I'll purchase a different machine but for now I believe this is good enough. I'm not trying to be Vera Wang or anything I just want to make clothes for my kids.
Have not had a chance to utilize yet but it came as described and since I am a beginner I wanted something that was not complicated.
"My Wife is very pleased with this, this is  the second Brother sewing machine she has had. This was an upgrade of a previous machine !!!"
not for me but for my girl friend'son in nyc ! she is very happy because she is starting sewing !
A+++++ SEWS UP A STORM WITH EASE!!! LOVE ALL THE COMPUTERIZED FEATURES WITH EASE OF HANDLING!!!  INTRUCTIONS  & (((DVD))) ARE VERY SELF EXPLANATORY!!! FANTASTIC FEATURES & PRICE  FOR A  BEGINNER!!!
works fine.
OMG! I accidently threw out this machine. This is a great and dependable machine. This is my second purchase.
"I haven't had the opportunity to use all the features it adresses in the description, but it appears to be incredibly easy to use. I've had other sewing machines and this one has proven to be very easy to use. Initial setup is very easy and it is lightweight for moving around.  I use it beside my Brother serger and they compliment each other very well. Thus far my favorite feature is the automatic needle threading capability! It makes excellent even stitches in all the applications I've had the opportunity use. The only thing I would change about the machine is the light. It could be brighter."
"I'm just learning to sew and this machine seems to have all I need. I've only begun to play with the different settings and feet. So far I have not run into a situation that I cannot do because of limits on the machine or needing different parts. I hope to have a long and happy relationship with my new machine. It runs quietly, threads the needle easily and even has speeds to preset so I can sew fast or slow. There's a button that allows me to sew without the foot pedal but I don't prefer it, yet.  The task light is nice and bright. It's very light weight and comes with a handy cover you can use to transport it as well. (its not a case, just a cover). The description for this little guy is pretty spot on. I think I did well to get this one."
Wife is happy so I am happy!
Very good! So cheap and so talent
"I'm a first time sewing machine user.  This machine was great for me and is still great.  So far I have made my daughter's costumes, patched up clothes, sewn on patches, and made doll clothes.  I think this is a great machine for beginners.  I would recommend it."
"Brother machine is a great value! I'am very pleased with the machine, It is a great product and very easy to use."
"Excellent little machine for the money. I am a very experianced sewer but do not sew as much in my later years as I did when younger. This machine is perfect for meand actually sews better than another brand I had for years and paid much more for! It has everything you need to make just about anything for yourself or your home. Runs quietly, has a good speed to it. Very easy setup and the design is excellent with all the machinisms frequebntly used in the most ebergy efficient areas. Beautiful, even stitches, no fiddling with tensions right out of the box. I advise anyone who buys a new machine to leave the tensions alone...they are set at the factory for optimum use and should not be tampered with. Comes with complete instructions in several languages. Highly reccommended."
"Love this machine. So easy to read the direction
 and so easy to  operate."
Absolutely love this machine! It was just what I was looking for
"I love this machine. It is easy to use and makes all my projects stress free, at least because of the machine."
Perfect sewing machine for the beginner! I use to make tshirt quilts. Picked this one because it had a shamrock stitch!
Rapid delivery. Surprised by how light it is.
New to sewing. I used my machine for quilting. I love it!!!!  Very easy to use. Everything is as promised. For a beginners this machine has been a real pleasure.
"Great sewing machine. After researching long, I'm pleased in the decision I made in choosing this model for my upgrade."
"My first sewing machine^^
I think it will be a great addition to my sewing life!"
This machine is easy with great directions. It makes sewing fun. Well made with lots of different stiches.
Thank you.
great value for price!
Works great .It does what it supposed to do. I like it for my quilting. I really like the drop in bobbin.
does everything
Amazingly easy to use machine. Great for beginners and veterans alike!
"I purchased this to replace a 15 year old Brother that still worked great, but I just wanted a machine with more functions.  I love this machine.  It is so quiet and smooth and came with a lot of accessories and features.  Great value for the price.  I love the amount of stitches and the ability to monogram.  Keep up the good work Brother!"
I bought this one for a friend who needed a new machine and she absolutely loves it.
Light weight and easy to carry.  Embroidery choices are excellent.
"It sews well  Is difficult to thread for me, it seems small for my hands.  but I deal with it.  It is pretty light weight, good and bad.  Carrying it is simple, staying stationary is it is a little wobbly.  A China product is my estimation."
"Love this sewing machine! I'm an experienced sewer but this is also great for beginners-advanced. Very easy to select different stitches/lengths. My daughter was able to thread it the first time and she has never sewn before. Runs quiet, light weight"
Absolutely love this machine! Used it right out of the box to create seat covers for an old office chair! Can't believe I didn't purchase this sooner.
"Love my machine. Haven't used most of the stitches but it's working great. Little problem with the tension, but that is common with brother machines. Once I worked that out, works like a dream."
Just finished my first project. It works very well!
"I have been sewing for over 50 years and about 8 years ago had a stroke so sold my expensive sewing machine.  Feeling better now and wanted to make a small baby quilt and do some little mending.  I researched sewing machines and finally settled on this Project Runway machine mostly because it was computerized, self threads the needle, had overcast stitches plus a few more.

I received my 9500 three weeks ago and did some little mending and made a beautiful baby blanket quilt for a newborn.  It runs so smoothly and not too loud for my sensitive ears.  Pretty easy to use but I do keep the book close to look up issues.  I like the needle threader but it has taken me a bit to get used to (wish it were a bit easier but have no idea how they could do it).  It has many nice foots, great quantity of stiches printed on machine which is terrific, quilting sleeve and nice cover.  My only issue is that I received the quilting sleeve, the quilting foot but not the quilting spacer which would have been helpful.

I am thrilled with this machine, I bought it on the ""black Friday"" in July for $165, I also bought the #15 singer metal bobbins, the 5300 brothers universal sewing case.  Great machine - perfect for me!!!"
great machine!  I love that it is light weight.  Perfect for my occasional sewing.
"Machine was defective out of the box.  You can imagine my disappointment. I didn't bother getting another one because it didn't sew well, jammed up and the entire shaft bent. It had to have been bent when it arrived because poly thread and 2 pieces of quilters cotton should not have pretty much ruined the machine. After it jammed, I cut the threads, re threaded it and it wouldn't sew after that. Plus, the ""starting"" position for the needle is in the left, not centered. That bugged me. And, the sewing guide for 5/8"" is IMPOSSIBLE to see. Only the metric marks are easily noted. It's unfortunate, I was so excited."
"Excellent machine! I""m having so much fun making stuff :-)"
Very happy with it!  3 speeds so my kids can use it without fear of going crooked.  Very easy to use and love the many stitch options.  Have made a few skirts and repaired a quilt with it so its performing beyond expected.
"I got this machine at a reduced priced and I was afraid that I was going to get a lemon. I overestimated the amount of issues I was going to face with the bobbin threading or the tension, but after using it for a bit (I did some test stitches and made a few pouches) my purchase was more than I could ask for!

This sewing machine however was everything I didn't expect in the best sense of it. The stitches were crisp, clean, and even and I can't believe I was missing out on so much. The decorative stitching is a bit excessive for my uses, but I loved all the other practical stitching my previous machine didn't have that this model came with, and all the ones they share that this model does so much better. Having this machine is a relief. I'm still used to threading everything manually and these automatic perks make it longer for me to thread a needle than if I just stuck it in the eye itself, but I'm sure that with enough practice I'll get it done faster.

For some people it seems threading the bottom can be a hair ripping task but I got it down the first try and I find it rather easy. Just make sure you follow the manual, but who's to say I won't be stressed about it down the road? We'll cross that bridge when we get there.

My only concern is the tension dial, the feed on the machine, and its shakiness. Even while working on a muslin at tension of 0 or 1 seems to gather the fabric inside the zigzag stitching no matter what speed I'm sewing at. Anything higher in terms of tension makes it worse. I also adjusted the bobbin tension and while that helped a bit there still seems to be issues with the gathering. Also when the machine feeds the fabric it seems to tilt to the left a bit and I have to stop to adjust the fabric. I may just need more practice and find ways to get used to it but until then it's a bit of a pain. Another concern is that because the machine is fairly light weight it can shake when sewing.

Overall I do not regret this purchase and I would recommend this machine to any beginning sewer because it seems like it will serve well for years to come while providing a lot of key stitches for you to grow into without being extremely overwhelming."
"Got this as a Christmas gift about 2 years ago and it still works great. Granted, I'm not a heavy seamstress, but this is perfect for someone like me who makes a few things here and there and is a beginner to sewing. You can't really beat the price for a nice brother machine like this."
AAA+++
"I love this sewing machine! It has great options for any sewing projects you may have. I've sewn pants, skirts, tops, dresses, etc! The biggest project so far was altering my bridesmaid dress. I thought it would be difficult because of the layers of fabric and the harder fabric material, but it was a breeze!

I highly recommend this if you are looking for a good sewing machine as a beginner/intermediate seamstress!"
I sent this machine back because it was too hard for me to see to thread it.  I replaced it with the awesome Brother SE400.  Love love love that machine.  I wish brother would make all their threading for their machines as easy as the SE400.
I would recommend this to anyone replacing a machine or buying their first.
"heavy use and still going strong - i would def buy this again. i struggle with using the letters but i think its a tension problem, i don't really need them so i just never put the time into fixing it."
"Sewing machines seem much more complicated now than they were 40 years ago when I first began sewing.  I used to make all mine and my daughters clothes, doll clothes, curtains etc.  Somewhere along the way I lost interest in sewing until a couple years ago.  My husband bought me this machine and it is so complicated.  When I do sit down to it it sews beautifully but again, for an older person like me who has not kept up with the advances in sewing machines, it is a challenge to get the stitching and tensions correct.  I will need to spend more time practicing.  Once I learn the ins and outs of the machine I'm sure it will be a very good machine.  I'm just electronically and technically challenged.  I wanted something that sewed with a straight stitch, a zigzag and made button holes!"
It has been wonderful for my quilting.  Quilts Of Valor
couldn't believe how great this machine is.  didn't expect so much quality for the price.  very happy with it.  made my first ever quilt with it and it turned out beautiful.
Takes a little getting used to but really love how it sews.
Love this machine.
Great product and price.
good!
"I needed a new machine, since my old one needed repairs, however, I didn't have time to take my old one to the shop. I paid for overnight shipping and got my machine the next day 12 noon! Awesome. So far so good! All is well with my machine. I can continue on with business as normal. This will hold me over til I will need a more industrial sewing machine. I am a fan of the Brother machines."
"I've had two other Brother machines (higher end) and wanted something that could easily be carried.  At first this machine was so easy to use.  I could tell some differences from my other machines but was willing to overlook them.  The second day after the 30 day return window expired, the machine started jamming with fabric getting caught in the feed.  I do not recommend buying this machine. Very disappointed Amazon."
Jams! Spen an hour trying to fix n still not working. Very disappointed
"Love this machine! Best sewing machine for a basic, beginning sewer or crafter. Bought this based on the reviews, the fact that it has a quilting table attachment, and can do limited embroidery. It is just awesome!! It has a removable ""table"" area to do hems or to add the quilting table attachment. It has a TON of different stitches, and even includes some pictures and letters for limited embroidery (awesome little extra) for writing on quilting blocks, or in the corners of blankets, etc. It is easily adjustable and easy to change the settings, width of the stitch, style, etc. It self threads the bottom piece, and is actually quite easy to thread the needle. In fact, the sewing teacher said she never had anyone thread their machine in the first try before! It's really just all I could ask for as an occasional hemmer, crafter, and beginning quilter. Would highly recommend it, and actually the other person in my class ended up ordering the same one because it was just so great!"
"So far so good.  I figured most of it out...  I haven't used a sewing machine since 7th grade home ec decades ago.  The manual and dvd are good and the machine is easy to use.  Machine does so much and is easy to understand.  I just can't figure out the cover.  Doesn't seem like it does much more than just loosely sit over it flopping in the breeze. Doesn't snug onto the machine,  doesn't go to the table top.  Maybe it's not supposed to or I might be doing something wrong.  I don't necessarily need the cover so I haven't given it much attention.  I was able to sew lined curtains without any issues.  Now onto the next project."
Love the machine so far I haven't used it yet but I did many test on scrap fabric
i bought this on the Black Friday deal because it was light weight weighing half of my other machine. I love it! So light to bring to the table. I love all the extras this has with the extra cutters for short cuts and the bonus free form quilting foot was fun to learn to use. Just need to pick the right straight stitch if you need reverse stitch.
Works great!
"Oh my I never thought sewing could be this easy! I tried my self on 18"" Doll clothes and perfect!! the button holes to the decorative stitching everything worked great with out a snag!! had only a few bobbin munchies accidents because the tension wasn't correct! I am very please!! have a few more projects planed!!"
"GREAT value sewing machine that has 100 stitches and basic monogramming.  LEDs, needle position button, needle threader, strength in pressure foot and dog feet VERY solid.  Hard case and number of accessories a huge plus.  Sewed thick fabric and denim (with a denim needle) NO problem.  Would and do recommend.  The metal singer class 15 bobbins work great in them as well."
love it
"Love it, there's so much I can do with it!"
"Works great, easy to troubleshoot."
I love this machine.  It is lightweight and perfect for carrying to workshops.  The stitches are as nice as my Janome Memory Craft 6600.  The Janome is very heavy and cumbersome to carry to workshops.
"I love this machine! I would say that i am a fairly inexperienced sewer, I have worked with sewing machines before and I always got frustrated when the machine would jam because I would do things in the wrong order. I finally decided to purchase a new machine because I wanted sometime for craft projects that required sewing, i bought this one because of the great reviews it had. I cannot agree more, it is electronic so if you go to sew when you shouldn't the machine doesn't let you and makes a dinging noise which is SO HELPFUL because i cannot tell you how many times i messed up the threading on my old machine and had to spend 10 minutes rethreading it. The only con to this product is the self threading needle, i cant seem to get it to work but threading it manually is not hard at all. great lightweight, multipurpose, and smart machine."
Very nice and just what I was looking for
"Great machine for the price! Bought it as a gift for my mom (Mother's Day) and she loves all the extra features!
Shipped in a nice box and inside a box so even though it rained the original box was dry.
Very happy with it and with how quickly it shipped and how it arrived."
"Wonderful machine, very quiet, easy to use, has all the bells and whistles of a $500 machine. Instruction manual is very easy to understand and use for first time sewer or advanced sewer. Very satisfied"
"Got this machine as a gift for my mother. She loved it, but now I feel like our current sewing machine is inadequate! It really packs a lot of features in for the price, and we all had a lot of fun messing with the embroidering feature right during the party. One thing to note is that since it is a Brother you'll need to locate a store that carries their accessories and needles. Some craft / hobby stores only carry Singer. This is generally not an issue though as there are universal needles and bobbins that this machine can take which will be carried at most stores."
Sews like something is wrong. I've tried all the troubleshooting procedures and nothing seems to fix the clunky sewing. I threw away the box and don't know what to do with it. Most likely I will have to take it somewhere and hopefully they can fix it.
Love all the different stitches! The quilting table is great too!!
"I absolutely caution your purchase of this sewing machine. I did my research. Read good and bad reviews and decided on this one.

The top load bobbin was horrendous until I learned how to tell it was loaded properly (it should give a bit of resistance when you pull on the thread).

Sewing more than thin cotton fabrics is just a no go. I've sewn fleece bib bandanas and had problems with the thread on top jerking around then getting under the tread spool and getting caught. This also happens when I'm sewing two layers of jean fabric.

I talked to someone in a sewing shop and she never heard of the spool sitting vertical. This one sits vertical and that's, I think, where the problem comes in.

I've spent more time figuring out what's going wrong vs sewing.

Find some comparable Singer machine and go with that. Seriously not worth your time or money."
"Great machine, great packaging and I'm very happy with my purchase."
Ordered this machine on a Sunday and received it Tuesday. It was recommended by my sewing instructor. I love it! It's super easy to sew with and has so many functions. I'm so glad I found it for this great price. Definitely worth all the money.
Gets stuck constantly. Had to take it apart after 10 min of sewing. Eats the material and really hard to get out. Machine kept shaking and and needle was down in bobbin area and would not come up. Was not pressing pedal and it kept doing it until I turned the power off. Then I would take machine s part rethread and it does it again. Really regret this machine
"Best sewing machine I've ever had times a million. Easy to learn how to use, endless stitch options, tough, powers through all fabrics, haven't had a problem with it."
Good machine.  Light weight.
This is the sewing machine I bought for my daughter to learn to sew on.  We love the ability to control the speed of the needle so if she floors it the needle only goes so fast.  She watched the included did and didn't have an issue with the bobbin and threading the machine.  She's nine.
Busy using all the time! Have made all my summer clothes!! Now working on grand-kids clothes.
I love this machine great performance  and very helpful  dvd.
I love this sewing machine! Its perfect for most of the projects I have and easy enough for beginners to use. I'd recommend buying some extra plastic bobbins (buy the ones specifically for Brother machines) there aren't that many that come with it. I've been using it for about a year and haven't had any problems!
I am enjoying this machine.  Use it for sewing and quilting.  Its perfect.
My wife is happy..
Mom is so thrilled with her new toy! She actually watched the DVD and learned a few things she was doing incorrectly. Best purchase ever! Brought tears to her eyes!
Easy to use with fun features. Great buy for the money! Highly recommend! I make dog collars on mine with a breeze. :)
Husband bought this for me for Mother's Day and I love it. This is amazing and fairly easy to use. I'm new to sewing but love my new machine!
"Daughter Loves it sew! "")"
Reasonable price for a sewing machine with a lot of features. I can't ask for more. Instructions were easy to follow.
"awesome machine for the price. Really user friendly, having been using for 2 months, sewing cloths, piecing quilts and doing free motion quilting, plus household projects - curtains, napkins, pillowcases. Haven't had any trouble with it at all. love the table extension.  Easy to thread, adjust tension, change sewing feet, etc."
"I previously owned a Brother machine in Europe- which lasted over 30 years. Recently I bought a entry model Singer here in the states which was just 'ok'- it was accidentally badly damaged in transit and so I embarked on buying a new machine.
The value and reviews for Brother convinced me to try a new 'computerized model'- I am 6 months in and am more than happy with the machine. I love the stretch stitches and the stretch overcast type stitch. The buttonholer is super easy- I am now used to the more digital sound of the machine - it is very precise and there is a needle lift -up & down button on the front plus a reverse button.
Dialing in stitches and widths/lengths is easy plus the digital readout tells you which foot you should be using.
This package which includes hardcover/accessories/ 100 stitches and quilting table I feel is a pretty amazing value.
I was also pleasantly surprised with Brother Customer support recently- answered email promptly and offered to send the replacement (small plastic bobbin cover) for a very reasonable price which was waived on a one time one item basis- Wow!"
In love with this awesome machine! Can believe I waited so long to get it!
Paid about $165.00. It's alright but if I could I would give it a 3.75. Why?  It's so little and plastic and I feel like it should be Barbie pink since it is sized for kiddies compared to my old singer model. I'm still learning how to use it so I will update if I change my mind. But while trying to mend an expensive sheet I felt it needed to have more clearance on the right side of the machine (needle).
So easy to use. I am totally satisfied with this product and would say feel encouraged to buy this product. I use it for sewing and for quilting.
I really enjoy the ease of using this machine. The only criticism I have is that the free cover really does not fit the machine so I have to cover it with a soft cover that I had for my old machine. Otherwise I'm very happy.
Worked great to begin with and within a few months wouldn't hold tension. Also a pain to get the boo in case in and out of you have to do that for something.
This sewing machine was a gift to my mother for her birthday.  I chose this one because my sister has the same model and was happy with it. My mom absolutely loves it! She uses it ago the time!
"My machine is 4 weeks old and I can't tell you how much I love it! I am not new to sewing but I decided to learn to quilt and am a new quilter. I wanted to find a simple machine that had a few little perks that could aid in my having a pleasurable sewing experience but not so complicated I needed someone like an engineer to explain it to me. This machine does exactly that. The accessories that come with it, is nice. Seam ripper, several feet, needles, but the best is the quilting extender table! That is boss for such an inexpensive machine to include for free. I didn't even know it til it was shipped to me, I wasn't paying attention to the description to see that was included! I love the fact that you can drop the feed dogs and do free motion quilting and that you can sew WITHOUT using the foot pedal! Another great feature, is that you can control the speed at which the machine sews. Monogramming and changing stitches are a breeze and the liquid crystal display, shows you what foot to use and the stitch length, the width are automatically chosen and displayed with whatever stitch you choose. So you don't have to figure out if you are using the correct foot, stitch or width. The ease of winding a bobbin and the quick drop bobbin case, is great! I hated the old method of steel bobbins and side positioning and bringing up the bobbin thread. With this machine, you don't have to do that. You drop in the bobbin, it has an automatic winder/cutter, and the bobbin thread stays hidden; you don't have to fish it out to sew, just start and it does it own. It has a side thread cutter on the head of the sewing machine. The throat plate of the machine is well marked to use the most common seam allowances. I love the flow of the machine; its not whisper quiet but it is quieter than my old one! Probably my only real complaint, is that the 1/4"" seam allowance marked on the machine, is in the grey plastic part and you can't see it as well as you should; I would have liked it to have stood out more to be seen better. Other than that, I truly love this machine. If you want something that is simple but elegant, has great functions but not overwhelming, this is the machine for you. This Brother may look intimidating to some or it may look like nothing to an experienced sew-er but it is a power house machine! **NOTE** If you want to see what it does and how it operates or you have lost your manual, they actually have put the manual on this page. Just scroll down and look on the left and it says PDF. It has the whole machine manual for you to look at."
Love it
Worked great. I have only used to hem about 8 curtain panels but played with a few different stitches. Would recommend.
"This is a great machine. I have seen 2 quilts on it with no issues. It is so easy to use. I was worried about the automatic threader after reading some reviews. However, it was super easy to use. I am not sure why others had issues. The only thing I don't care to much for is the monogramming. It is very basic and not that pretty. Plus when it monograms the letters are so small. Otherwise, I love this machine and would recommend it to anyone."
"I love my sewing machine. I've had a very basic one for a very long time so I was worried about upgrading to one with too many bells and whistles. This was perfect for me. It is versatile sturdy, and easy to use.  I love it."
"Terrific sewing machine!  Good price, good service, good packaging.  This is one fine machine and my wife just loves it!!  Does everything including the T-berry shuffle!"
"Best sewing machine for a beginner.  I enjoy using it and it's easy to follow the included instructions.  I can't wait to have time to use it to get better at sewing.  Durable and lightweight, comes with lots of options, dvd tutorials included.  So easy to use, I could probably teach my wife."
"Love, love this machine.  Definitely an upgrade from my old one.  Finished a quilt for my granddaughter and did the quilting on this machine myself. Really a good value for what I got."
"Terrible quality machine.  I will be returning it ASAP.  The needle threader is an absolute nightmare.  It's quicker to manually thread this thing than to struggle with it.  My biggest issue with this machine is that I cannot get one single straight line with this machine.  It pulls the fabric to the left when you are sewing so you can't get the correct seem allowance.  I have to be adjusting the fabric every few stitches to get it straight and I get one very messy stitch line. I was told to purchase a walking foot as it might help, but for regular fabrics I should be able to use the universal foot that comes with the machine and not have to purchase any additional accessories."
Love it!! Easy to use for beginners but has tons of options for growth and improvement!
Love it as my lightweight travel machine. Uses all the accessories of my other Brother machine. Great price!
"Lightweight, user friendly for someone who last sewed about 20 years ago, this machine made it easy to start again. Looking forward to using it more often!"
"I am still learning the pro and cons of the machine, but from what i have so far has been great. Can't wait to start quilting"
"love this, it does so much more than a regular sewing machine."
"It's lightweight and can't handle much of anything thick, but it's got a good stitch in light fabric, nice functions and for the money it's probably a great starter machine and one to keep with you for smaller projects for a long time.

My verdict - for anything heavy, dump the dough on a second-hand big ol' industrial machine. For lighter things, this works just fine...and it's admittedly sort of fun to play around with all those stitches!"
I am having trouble doing a 1/4 inch because the fabric shifts.  I purchased a special foot and that is not helping. The tension is also problematic as well as the self threader.  My Pfaff self threader is much better.
Fantastic machine. Easy to use! Love it!
So easy to thread and use...such a wonderful value
"This is great machine.  I have had it about 4 months and have used it for basic sewing of children's clothes,  I wish the light was brighter.  The machine was very simple to set up and start sewing.  The bobbins are slightly larger than my older Brother Machines so I can't use the bobbins in
 my older machine.  The machine came with a UPS label attached to the original box so my box was a little tore up. Brother packages their machines well so luckly there was no damage to the machine.  Would recommend this machine."
"I got this machine for my wife and she is crazy about it.  There was a little apprehension when she saw the menu but with just a little practice, she is sewing things she couldn't with her other machine."
"Bought this for beginning sewing. It was approved by two professional seamstresses that I know. It has most everything on it that I will ever need, but if I should ever want for more then I will be a very accomplished seamstress and will have an income from the craft to purchase something with more bells and whistles. Thank you for making a great product for a reasonable price to keep a hobby accessible."
Still learning to use it.
received item in description.  love it
"As a total beginner, I could not be happier with this purchase !
Already 2 little projects done.
Can't wait to learn more with it "
I am very new to sewing and found this machine so easy to set up and get going. The informational dvd was perfect for walking me through the process and I was sewing my first project 20 minutes after opening the box. It came with many tools to get me started as well as a protective storage case. I appreciate the LED light and easy to read stitch guide. I am not sure if it's a new found love for sewing or for this machine but I am already on project 4!
"because less than a year into using this machine, it is not working properly at all.  I did NOT buy the extended warranty and I now have an electronic door stop. :(  No one wants to work on this machine.  An authorized Brother service center says this machine is ""disposable"" and they will throw it away if I bring it to them."
5*
"I would say I am an intermediate sewer and I have really come to love this machine! I mainly quilt, but I have also used this to patch up my husbands work jeans and also to sew through thick woven wraps when making a ring sling.  It has handled all projects just great! It was also easy to learn the ins and outs of the machine after I took it out of the box."
it is hard to get straight stitches. that's what i do not like about it. i should have gotten singer or some other company.
"Seems to me that it will be a good buy. I'm still learning to use it, but should know soon."
"I love this machine so far, iv only used old singers so the features are amazing.
Two things however - it says it has a few features it doesn't.
It DOESNT have an automatic thread cutter,
It has a normal manual thread cutter like every other machine.
It DOESNT have thread sensors that tell you when your spool and bobbin are low.

It's a great machine, but there's no need for false advertising just to try and sell more. The machine is good without those features still."
Does everything but spin gold.
"I love, love this machine!  One might even call this life-changing.  My husband bought me this sewing machine because my entry level Singer I had for 10 years finally broke and I did a little research.  I chose this machine based on product features and online reviews I am a casual sewer and wanted a great basic machine that is easy to use.  I received this machine a few weeks ago.  I pulled it out of the box and within 10 minutes I was sewing!  I heeded warnings about using brother brand bobbins and found a 50-pack here on Amazon for a few dollars and ordered them as well.  My favorite thing about this Brother sewing machine is that it is a breeze to use.  I have always enjoyed sewing but hated my machine.  Now I love sewing and I love my machine!  Winding a bobbin takes half the time it did with my last machine and loading/threading the bobbin is a 5 second job with no special skills required.  My last machine required a 10 minute time commitment and nano-surgical skills to get the bobbin threaded.  I also like the speed adjuster, it came in handy recently when I had to learn how to sew with my left foot since having surgery on my right ankle which has me in a cast.  The speed adjuster kept me from lead-footing the pedal while I was getting used to using my left foot.  The number of feet and stitches included with this machine is amazing for the price!  I highly, highly recommend this product, dealer and the Prime membership to pull it all together within 2 days!  Do it!  You won't regret it."
"This machine looked very nice in every way, several extras, case, tools,
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, therefore I never used it in any way..
I sent it back, thanks to a free computer print out of a return address label."
I'm so in love with this machine. Everything I expected and more. Very easy to begin sewing right away. So quiet & smooth as well. Read a lot of reviews & YouTube tutorials before purchasing this Brother XR9500PRW. Best decision ever. Will use for years to come.
Excellent value
Love this machine
Sew really nice for a lower priced machine. Machine is very easy to use. Comes with paper manual and DVD.
"I haven't used all of the features yet, but so far it runs smoothly and is so quiet.  Glad I decided on this one."
I Love this machine its has many functions and the price is unbeatable
Great machine for the cost! Would highly recommend it.
"This machine works like a champ! From thin fabric to upholstery fabrics, it sews through smoothly. I have had no issues at all so far and have had it for several months, sewing a renaissance costume. Would buy it again!

Update: I have had this machine for almost 2 years now and i love it completely. I know it like i know my car; noises, feel, etc. I have done soooo many projects, making things for people i love, with this machine. I can't recommend it enough!"
"1st time sewer!!  I love my machine, its very user friendly."
Good Product
"Great Service from Amazon.  I'm in NZ and had to get this sent to an address in the US, got there without any problems.  Love the sewing machine, has met all my expectations!!!"
"I absolutely love this sewing machine. I am not an expert seamstress by any means, but this machine does everything I need it to do ...and more than what I will probably never do ...but it's fun to try!!! I might add that threading the machine is a snap. I haven't mastered threading the needle each time, tho."
"Bought this for my daughter after she struggled through several costumes with a 25-year old Singer machine.  Now she can concentrate on the costume, not what is happening (or not happening) with the sewing machine.  This is more than just a starter sewing machine.

Not really a complaint, but I thought it was bad advertising to have a matching rolling case in the video, only to find out it is not included."
I bought this machine for my daughter and she hates this machine so much she throws tantrums and anxiety attacks and the machine jams constantly and the feed dogs aren't that good she regrets getting this machine do just save your money and a trip to the therapist.
Love it
Great product
Steve bought this for my Valentine's gift and I am loving it!  It almost sews itself.  I am a new quilt maker and I am creating amazing pieces with this easy to use machine.  The only problem is I have broken a few needles because I didn't put the correct code in before starting to sew.  Operator error for sure!  Great deal and so easy to use.
"For those skeptical of the bad reviews, they must have recieved a lemon because I love my sewing machine! It works well with multiple layers of fabric & folded denim. Unlike many who said that the many stitches aren't going to be used, they are wrong in my case. I am dedicating my sewing machine for making lolita clothing! All the decorative stitches are excellent for sleeve decoration on ruffly blouses! OK, ok , so maybe the stitches are a bit of an excess, but comparing it to the 70 stitch machine it only cost a few bucks more xD
Sadly, a ruffler foot is not yet made for this machine (I CONTACTED BROTHER AND THEY SAID SO I CRIED) ... so elegant ruffles and pleats must be done manually -.- They do have a gathering foot for light gathering (ppft). I have to tweak the tension and use appropriate fabric for the monogramming. Nothing stretchy or flimsy.

That's the only down side of the machine (ruffle foot)! Its worked like a charm until now (about ten hours of sewing) so,, will update if anything happens 0-0"
Bought to replace Brother machine with worn out motor. Features are similar to last machine so easy to set up and use. Very quiet operation.
great machine. worked great as soon as i plugged it in.. very few adjustments once I got the hang of it I have not had a problem since.the only problem I was getting was binding up thread and the bobbin. I adjusted the tension everything works great.. this is an awesome sewing machine I'm using it for my first one and I will never buy another brand..
"I love that you changed the speed on the machine and not by how hard you press the foot pedal. I live all the different stitches it can do, but realized very quickly that they can't be done well as a quilt binding. The lettering is awesome, I can put a personal touch on all my projects. Only thing I don't like is the threader, it makes no sense to me and is jut difficult. Love this machine though!!"
wifw loves it
better than expected
I just received mine but have a friend in our quilt club that is really happy with hers she received for Christmas.
I love this machine! Easy to use!
"Easy to use, quickly learn, fun to use at a great price."
I haven't worked with my new machine very much but I did try different options and everything seems to work extremely well.  I think I made a good choice with this sewing machine.
"I absolutely LOVE this sewing machine.  I am not a well accomplished seamstress so ease of use was a must for me.  In the first two weeks of owning this machine, I made 100 pillowcases without having any trouble.  Easy to use and easy to understand instructions.  If you're a beginner or expert seamstress, this machine will not disappoint you."
"I have not used it yet, but I am pleased with the machine"
Havent used it yet but very excited to have it when I do get time !!!!!
Love the machine. Hoping I receive the bobbins I ordered soon.
Made a hit with the wife...it works great.
Very good machine...love the many stitches.
"I like a lot of things about this machine but used it 3 times and had to have the auto threader repaired.  Told that the timing was off  and had a few other adjustments done.  Repair didn't  cost anything--good warranty for one year, parts and labor."
"This machine is really easy to use by following DVD and manual.  I have used several times for quick projects and really like the smoothness in handling.  Stitches are perfect.  No regrets in ordering.  The price was outstanding for so much machine!  I have not had a chance to use all the features yet, but I am impressed with only the basics so far."
So far so good. I haven't sewn in over 30 years. Pretty easy to use and understand.
"I haven't even opened it and I'm so happy with it. The description needs to be updated so it says, even your mother will be jealous."
Great machine
"Haven't had a lot of time to use it yet, but so far, so good.  Easy to thread, easy to change settings.  Nice stitches.  Seems to be a terrific machine, especially for the money."
great
"This is my 1st sewing machine. My mother got if for me for Christmas. I hadn't sewn since Jr. High. A very, very long time ago. She bought it for me because I recently started crafting & I think she was tired of finishing my projects. lol This machine is so simple to use even I can do it. I LOVE the DVD instructions. Reading the book on how to auto thread confused me at 1st. Yes I had to watch the beginning of the DVD a couple of times when threading but I have it down now. I also jammed the thread by trying to sew  fabric with the wrong needle. *note to self: watch dvd in full* I had no trouble getting it straightened out. The error code shows you exactly what the problem is.  I'm still making simple things such as pillows & jean purses for my grandkids. This thing is so awesome I'm guessing some day I'll go in my craft room & will have totally made something without me. *fingers crossed*"
"Just like Project Runway said, it works, it really works."
"I love it although it does take some getting used to. Trying to figure out how to set the controls for the different stitches can be a challenge so at least until I have used it consistently, I won't be able to just sit down and sew. The manual just isn't very easy to interpret on that."
I bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it.  She says it is very easy to use.
Fine machine
This is a great machine for it price. Very easy to use and works like a breeze. Does so much. I highly recommend this sewing machine for anyone.
Love this sewing machine. Thanks.
"We love this machine... It even threads the needle for someone like me who has progressive lenses and still can't see.  We have done a lot of little things with this machine including sewn gifts together, made tree skirts, table skirts and various table toppers to start it off... So easy, Sew easy!"
Great starter machine. I bought this as a Christmas present for my teenage daughter. It's been years since I last sewed but it's coming back to me. I learned as a young child and sadly didn't get to keep it up but I'm enjoying the machine as well.
This is sew perfect. pun intended.. great little machine
Gave as a gift. So far so good.
I love this I named her daisy she is smooth running easy to use and comes with a dvd witch is very helpful
"like the multiple stitches available  but other than that very disappointed.  Self threader is complicated and does not work consistently. If you attempt to thread yourself , not much room for hand top to bottom to get close enough, to needle, to thread. Sounds like a machine gun  or needle jams with light material and bias tape on folded edges (not as thick as jeans).  I have owned many sewing machines and was looking forward to a automatic threader and many stiches.

Sad that I had sold my old one"
I bought this sewing machine for my daughter-in-law who wanted to learn to sew. It was easy enough for a beginner and can also do advanced stitching as her skills grow.
great machine !!!!!!!!!!! Works nice and so many fun stitches!!!!!!!!
So far it is a wonderful machine.
"My beloved Sears Kenmore super top of the line sewing machine finally gave up the ghost this year, after 40 years of faithful service and a lot of great clothes and quilts. Wow, it was like losing a part of the family. But I can't do without a sewing machine for long, not with a quilt for my granddaughter ready to be pieced.

I did some comparison shopping, checked the reviews, looked at my budget, and decided that this Brother machine was the best match for what I wanted to do, as an advanced user. I had never used an electronic machine before, so I knew there would be a learning curve, but honestly, the machine made it easy to adapt to the new technology. I still reach for the presser foot lever in the wrong place, but I'm sure eventually my hand will automatically go to the inside the way it used to go to the back. And this machine can do more than the old one could. Lots of things for me to play with and learn."
"love it, arrived right away, been using it alot and no problems, it came with a DVD to learn how to use it.... very happy with my purchase and I got a price I could not say no too."
"Great machine, does everything it's advertised as...I would recommend it to anyone."
"I've had this machine for over a year, and I use it for basic sewing, meaning that I haven't had the opportunity to try a lot of the bells and whistles that came with it.  I have, however, done some of the prettier stitches on scrap fabric just, to see what they were like.  Everything I've tried seems pretty easy to use, and I love using the letter stitches to make my own tags for my clothes (""by mom"") so my kids can tell which side is the back side of their pants or skirts.  My automatic needle threader broke (probably my fault), and I'm too lazy to get it fixed, so I just use the automatic threader I got for my old machine.  When I break that one (I probably will!), I can get a new one at Jo-Ann for $3."
Beautiful machine.
Wonderful machine!
It practically sews by itself! Great manual to get me started.
Wife loves this thing
"Thanks to everyone who writes reviews whether good, or bad.  They all helped me to finally make up my mind as to which machine to buy.  I settled on this machine for the incredibly good price and all of the built in stitches included.  I checked the CSI6000 which was the most popular machine, but for a few bucks more I got 40 more stitches, the quilting extension table, and a hard cover carrying case.  I was able to pull the machine directly from the box and was able to use most of the functions on the machine after watching the demonstration disc included with the machine.  I am an experienced sewer and the old machine I had did only straight stiches and zig zag stitches.  Using this machine was like going from using a hand crank phone from he early 20th century and then jumping forward to using an I-phone.  You can set the needle to stop in the up, or down position.  The multiple feet make it easier to sew the many types of stitches the machine can do.  The machine sets the optimal stitch width and length, but you are still able to adjust that up and down to your needs.  There is no more guessing as to how much thread is left in your bobbins as there is a clear cover over the case.  The only warning I have is to be very careful when buying bobbins for this machine.  All bobbins are not the same, and though they may look the same to your eye, they do not work in the machine.  Read the manual and get the correct bobbins.  Ptherwise sign me a happy owner of my new machine."
"Sews well, automatic threader already quit working, a little disappointed with this."
"A year later and still waiting on the wife to take it out of the box.
Price and other reviews were good."
"Very nice machine. I love the variety of stitches and the option to put lettering on my projects (letters are all in caps and only about a 1/4"" tall). I have had it almost a year and the only thing I wish is that it allowed more fabric width underneath the presser foot. It freezes and reads as an error if there is too much fabric underneath. I just unplug and it clears the error, but my project is left to sew by hand if the machine won't sew where it is too thick. The project I am talking about is a hooded towel I was making for my sister and new baby. It would not sew through with one towel thickness being folded over and the other towel just flat. The automatic button-holer is a DREAM, btw."
"I'm a 22 yo college grad and I'm truly a beginner. I've had never seen a sewing machine actually operate before I bought this. I bought this for myself in December (Merry Christmas to me!). I've been able to use it off and on for a month now. I was able to make a rag quilt for my nephew with this and it turned out wonderful! I kind of just jumped all in with that one.

When I first opened the box and started setting everything up, the manual was extremely helpful! I honestly didn't know that thread came out of the top AND the bottom or what a bobbin, or anything else was. I'm really happy with how fast I was able to get started (maybe within a couple of hours I was actually sewing) for being a complete noob.

I also didn't realize that you needed to change the attachment depending on different stitch types (monogram, zig zag, cool designs, etc). I just discovered that recently since I'm trying to incorporate more unique stitching than just straight lines in my next quilt.

I would highly recommend this as a sewing machine for beginners since it's one that you won't grow out of very quickly. There's a lot of functionality and new things to learn and do with this one that I don't think I'll ever trade up."
Wife was thrilled - first thing she did was fix a quilt!
"Easy to use, and stays dust free with cover."
"This sewing machine was a gift to me & I bought it as a gift to my grandmother, she loved it so much she cried lol"
It's great. Just how it's describe and fast shipping. It's worth every penny!!
"My daughter-in-law loves this machine! I wanted her to be inspired to start sewing for her kids and home and she has had this for a couple weeks and is already making beautiful quilts, curtains and clothing. She says it does everything she dreamed of and a lot more. It is very quiet and so far, she is in a sewist's heaven! Great value!"
"This is the perfect machine so far!  Although lightweight, it powered through multiple layers of fabric flawlessly!  Can't wait to do my next project!"
Nice machine and easy to use.
This machine was exactly like my previous Brother XR9000. I had no problem using it.
I love my Brother machine. Simple. I just enjoy sewing now.
It is great. Was easy to learn how to use.love all the stitches you can do with it. The larger quilt table make it easier to sew large pieces. If you are looking for a machine at a good price this is the one.
Excellent features and power.
It is good machine
"Really love the buttonholer! Easy to learn to operate. Also very nice that the needle always ends in the down position so that if you adjust the material you don't lose your stitch position. Don't buy if you are looking for monogrammed, though."
Everything I was hoping for in a sewing machine.
only slightly disappointed how light it is  sew awesome
this comes with a detachable table to make the sewing area larger.  The instructions are intuitive and very easy to use.  I was sewing on this within minutes of opening the box.  Considering i paid $149 and it was $449!! (yes $300 more) at the local sewing store I am thrilled.  Very good quality especially for the price.
"Amazing machine! It does everything I need it to do. Simple to use, and light weight too. VERY happy with my purchase."
"I was toying between this machine and a ""better brand"" one like Babylock or Janome. Bottom line, I really wanted some of the higher-end features this machine came with for the same (or cheaper) price as an entry level Janome. I use the monograming all the time and love it! It's only one font, one size, and all caps, but I didn't expect anything fancy out of a machine at this price. I use it to personalize gift items and to sew words into felt books for children. I've given it lots of use and have often sewn 4 or more layers of thicker material like felt or fleece and it does great! Sometimes sounds like it is working a little too hard, but it rarely messes up or jams. Easy to use, reliable, and won't break the bank. I love that!!"
"Just got this machine and I love it!  I had a stoke 4 years ago and lost the most use of my left side.  I had an old brother machine and wanted to upgrade to a newer model.  I did research and found this model.  After reading the reviews and FAQ's I decided to order and I'm so happy, it's so easy to use!  The quilting table helps hold the area I need to sew (or stipple, I love to quilt!) and the monogramming was so easy to master!  The DVD was very helpful and the needle threader is a blessing.  I had to quit typing with two hands and playing the piano but sewing is my passion and got back partial use of my left hand sewing again.  I recommend this machine to anyone who wants to step up to a newer model and is apprehensive about the bells and whistles the new machines have!  Two thumbs up and I can bring my left thumb up now!"
"I got this machine a few weeks ago, never having owned a computerized machine. Wow was I amazed at how easy it was to use. I have used it for several projects and it has yet to disappoint me. The stitches are beautiful. The machine is fairly quiet. I loved all of the presser foot attachments it came with. I just used it to put in a button and it was a glorious success!

My 10, 7, and 5 year old have all enjoyed practicing on this machine as well.

One feature that I have grown to love and now expect to use is the automatic feed feature. You can choose the speed. There is no need to even plug in the foot peddle. I was sewing a large blanket and this was perfect for keeping a steady pace.

Really a great machine. The only thing that would be nice to have would be a handle, but in the grand scheme of things... who cares! :)"
"shes happy,im happy seems to be a great little machine so far. and I got interested in it myself...may even open a new world of custom projects for daddy to now I can add fabric to my mixes of creations from wood,steel and plastic eitherway it made a good gift for the wife..im amazed at all the features."
Better than I expected.
"I ordered this sewing machine because my old one is so heavy I'm disinclined to even get it out. This one is smaller and lighter. I LOVE the stitches available and it works great. It has the button where you can start and stop the stitching from the front of the machine without the foot pedal, and I haven't yet used the foot pedal. I like the needle threader and use it consistently. I am a lifetime sewing enthusiast and just wanted a light weight machine for fun projects and mending/hemming. This is a quiet, reliable machine. Some people complain about the light, but I think it is exactly what it should be. If you need more light, add a work-light to your sewing station."
I am new to sewing and this machine has made it very easy for me to learn.
Love it!  So easy to use!
Love it . I haven't sewed in years . Ive appliqud a few quilt tops and monogrammed 2 towels. Not using the foot power is great.  I would recommend it highly.
Works great (fast and easy)
It works well. It was priced right too!
this sewing machine rocks!  I love all the options it comes with and it's a breeze to sew just about anything.....
This sewing machine works great. The embroidery part is an added bonus. It works well. It makes letters and patterns. I use the machine to mend my kids clothes and table cloths and smaller projects. This was just what I needed. It has a quilting extention which helps hold my material up. Great find for the price. Had it for over a year now. Still is great.
all okay.
Excellent value
My daughter loves her Brother. We gave it to her for Christmas. I've been sewing for 40 years and I want this one too!
We bought it for our daughter and she loves it.  It has everything she needs and more.  It has features like the very expensive models and a fraction of the cost and is simple to use.  It is perfect!
Nice machine. Many easy to use decorative stitches. I used it for three weeks and it completely jammed. Amazon had a replacement at my house in two days. Still enjoying my sewing time with my XR9500PW. I'm ready to order more Robbins (it comes with 4). I would recommend this machine.
This has worked great for us.
"This was a Christmas gift for my wife who really wants to learn sewing. It is a great device, with pretty comprehensive and amazing capabilities. This is clearly not what a sewing machine was like even a few years ago. This device is very high tech and able to do many different kinds of stitches, monograms, and way more than you might imagine. Brother as a company has many products that are pretty impressive, this is one more in a long line. The only possible downside here is that it is a complex device that might overwhelm if you let it."
Bought this for my wife who had never sewed before. She said it was easy to operate and picked it up quickly. She felt it has enough features to satisfy the expert sewer.
"Great light weight machine. Sews like a dream. I love it. I have more expensive machines, but so far I prefer this.  Was surprised at the quality."
Very good
"I am Eugene's wife that purchased the great machine.  It came yesterday with everything that was described.  The disc with all the information, and How to Book.  Everything was packaged securely and I was so pleased when I took everything out of the box.  The machine is amazing.  I told my husband, it does everthing but brush my teeth! The first thing I did was put the disc into the DVD player and followed the instructions. Had my machine right there with everything ready to go.  I never had a needle threader before, so I learned how to use that.  Easy.  Everything is so easy to do. It makes sewing so much easier for, everything you'll ever need in set into this machine.  Stitches galore, decorative ones, monogram ready, anything and everything.  I know its brand new, but i look forward to working this machine thoroughly!!!That threader works like a charm too. Easy to thread this machine.  Go for it.!!!!! Linda"
Bought this for the wife as a Christmas present and she is HAPPY CAMPER!!!
This machine is easy to use and I have been able to sew on thick fabric like denim which was hard to do with my other machine. I really like this product.
"This was a gift for my wife who is new to sewing. It seems to work really well for her. It took her almost no time to get started with it, and the results are fantastic."
Love this machine!
Very easy to use.  DVD instruction is very well done.  It does not come with a case.
"I have this model and my wife insisted on purchasing the Brother LS2125i for my 7 year old daughter believing it will be easier to use. We all hated the Brother LS2125i except for my wife. This model is so much easier to change the bottom thread spool, she loves the hearts, flowers and words she can sew. I like it because I can change different color threads for her in an instant and it's fun for her to select different sew paterns to try. I think the Brother LS2125i will be at Goodwill soon, in brand new condition."
Fast delivery - works great - would recommend to a friend.
"I have had this about a year now. I love this machine. I am freaking out at the current low price now, I may buy another just to have if this one ever poops out. All I wanted in a machine was one that would sew a steady straight stitch and not mess up EVERY SINGLE USE like my previous 2 machines. Boy did I get it with this one and more. I really can't say enough about this machine. I was originally going to just save a bunch of money (over 2 grand) and buy a bernina of pfaff thinking no affordable machine would work the way I wished. I saved thousands. I find I have used the different speed settings alot, and look forward to teaching my daughter to sew doll clothes on the slow setting. This machine has been a dream, I really enjoy sewing as a hobby, and have made curtains, little dresses & headbands for my daughter, tote bags, OR scrub hats and a few other things on this machine.  You can not go wrong getting this machine for under two hundred as currently priced....period."
Getting ready to use it today.  Easy to use and does a great job with a variety of fabric textures.  It has a lot of features.  I have not tried many of them but what I have tried works wonderfully!
Very satisfied
I love it.
so good  and i like it! thank you
I'm using it for about a year and love it so far! Works great!
My daughter loves this machine.  She just started sewing a month ago on an old sewing machine.  She asked for this as a Christmas gift and made a quilt in no time.  She is still working with all the different stitches and coming up with new ideas to put this machine to use.  Thank you Amazon for gift
"Good product.
I wish it could get free voltage."
"I love this machine and feel it, so far, is well worth the price. First - DO NOT remove the Styrofoam taped in the inside of the hard cover. I am pretty sure that I wasn't supposed to and now it rests oddly on top of my machine. I am having my parents try to get it out of their trash so I can glue it back in. haha.
Loves:
The automatic needle threader
The drop in bobbin system (easy peasy)
The tension has not been adjusted at all from out of the box. Yes!
The stiches!! There are so many and the machine automatically tells you which presser foot to use with which stich. Easy and so fun.  The possibilities are endless with this machine.
The font - yes there is only one, but it will do for my needs.  It is small, but like I said, it will do and it is nice to have.
The table attachment - it is probably small for quilters, but for regular sewers, it is really nice
The DVD - totally cheezy, but worth watching for your first time using the machine. I wish it were way more instructional on the harder stuff like blind hems, but they do say it is meant to supplement the instruction manual.
The speed control switch - It is great for beginners to start on the slow switch and then you don't accidentally stomp on the pedal and sew fast and crazy.
The option to always have the needle end down in the fabric.  This helps beginners not to accidentally lose their place if they have to lift the foot for any reason.
The accessories - I was surprised at all the feet and needles it came with.  You can do almost anything with this machine without need to purchase other items.

All in all, I think this machine is wonder for beginners and more advanced sewers. It is a machine that can take you from beginner to advanced without having to purchase other accessories or even another machine. Disclaimer: I have only tried basic fabrics through this machine. I have not tried denim or really delicate fabric, so the jury is still out on that.  Also, the LED lights are bright, but I still find the need to have a table lamp. Great purchase for the price.  Also, I have read everywhere to only purchase Brother bobbins. I ordered a pack at the same time I got the machine because I think it only comes with 3-4 bobbins and you will need way more than that and I didn't see the Brother brand at my local fabric store."
"I bought this for my wife.  She loves it and says:  It is easy to use, performs very well and is a huge upgrade to her Singer."
"Easy to use, quiet.  Love the auto thread and easy load bobbin.  Can't wait to try some of the quilting stiches"
Love it!
"My daughter in law loved this and said project runway is her all time favorite show!
Was going home to try her new machine out and figure all the accessories  out  TODAY!"
I got this for Christmas and it is simply amazing. It has been a while since I have used a sewing machine but this one is very easy to figure out with the step-by-step instructions and the DVD. I am a bit rusty but so far nothing has been out of my league. It is so easy to change the foot and needle and there are so many different things that this machine can do. I would say that this is an ideal machine for anyone regardless of their skill. I am so looking forward to growing as a seamstress on this beautiful piece of equipment.
just what wifey wanted.
Great
"This machine has everything you could want and more.  I wanted a replacement for my twenty year old machine which still worked but was too heavy now for me to lift.  I donated it to a Girl Scout troop and treated myself to this one.  I wanted enough features that when I pass it down to my adult daughter in a couple of years, it wouldn't be too simple.  Wow, I still haven't begun to use all the features.  Brother is a great, reliable brand and guaranteed to last.  I'm glad I chose this one, especially as no brick and mortar store could beat this price!"
absolutely  love
So far I have loved this! Quiet compared to my singer. And I can't believe how easy it is to switch up stitches! Very happy!
Excellent value! Easy to follow instructions and works great. Love it!
"I just couldn't pass on this Black Friday priced model.  It was too loaded and even though I'd decided many months ago to get the lower end model for $80.......I bit the bullet and got this.

Initially; I wanted the lower end model because of it's 'simplicity'.  I learned to sew in the early 1970s - back when sewing was part of Junior High School and High School 'Home Ec' (I believe this is all budgeted out now and no longer offered).

Anyway; I learned to sew on 'old school' machines and decided on what was familiar since I'm FINALLY resurrecting my love of sewing (I'm almost 60......so go me!).

I'd had a Brother machine about a dozen years back (when they were still made of cast iron) and it was pretty simple and worked well.  About seven years ago I got a Janome  4618LE which turned out to be a wonderful machine but complicated to use.  My mind is old school.

So; on Black Friday I planned to get the Brother lower-end model and then I see that this is a Black Friday mark down.  I ruminated, read reviews, and went with this model.  The buttons are not old school so it'll take a bit of practice to get with the program on this machine BUT.......turns out this machine is fantastic.  Works great, pretty easy to use and does a darn fine job of sewing a straight line with precise stitches.
The needle threading tool (which I admit to having to use) is fabulous.
Filling a bobbin is easy due to being able to fill it from the bottom......as well as the top.  I have a Simplicity bobbin threading unit so I use that most of the time - it's just easier than anything else.
I'm all about easy, these days.

Recommended.  Thank you."
Haven't had enough time to learn everything about it yet but happy so far it was up and running quickly.
cute back up machine
"Just getting back into sewing after stopping for 40+ years.  Wow, I had no idea that there were so many improvements to the machines and how easy sewing is now.  Love this machine and it's a lot of machine for the money."
Bought this for my students to use and they were able to get it up and running right out of the box!
great sewing machine
"I bought this as a gift for my daughter. She loves it!!! It works great and it's so easy for her to use!! She really loves that she can control the speed, she is pretty new at sewing so it helps her to get the hang of her stitches without worrying about the pressure she is putting on the pedal. It is a lot like my machine so it has been easy to teach her how to use it. It is small and light weight, making it really easy for her to move around when she needs to (Most of the time she leaves it set up in the ""craft"" room). She is excited about all the different stitches she can use and has been having a good time with trying out all the different varieties."
I have never sewn anything on a machine.  Everything about this was super easy and fun
super
"Wonderful machine, bought as gift for Daughter in Law as her first machine, she absolutely loves it and has accomplished so very much with this as her first ever machine. I was very impressed with it when I was allowed to use it for the first time."
Love it!
"I received the machine on the day before Thanksgiving holidays and spent 4 straight days exploring and enjoying it.  I wanted it for the decorative stitches and it has a lot!!  I love  sewing without using the foot peddle (button control) and the speed control and the feature that lets the stitch end with the needle in the fabric.  I love that it beeps if you try to ""take off"" without having the presser foot down.  I love not having to pull the bobbin thread thru.  I managed to make a nest a couple of times on very thin fabric with no backing (trying to short-cut and rush on my part), but that was my fault.  The video was helpful.  I mostly used the machine to do free-motion embroidery on fine linen handkerchiefs with machine embroidery thread and thin thread in the bobbin.  I am exploring changing the bobbin tension and found out there is a way to do it so I will carefully explore that option so that bobbin thread doesn't pull thru on free-motion embroidery.  Also, can't tell where the presser pressure adjustment may be.  Love the quilting table extension thingie and seeing the bobbin thru the clear window.  Don't like that the feed dog lowering button is hard to reach on the back.

Update:  I still like this machine very much.  The the presser foot pressure adjustment is hanging down right next to the needle bar.  I wound up not adjusting the bobbin tension.  Too scared to do that yet.  I completed some nice Christmas gifts and am going back to working on garment sewing.  Will keep you posted."
Great machine!  I am a quilter and it fulfills all my needs.
Works great
Love it!! great!!!
"At first I was extremely excited to receive my machine. It often errors out and is hard to keep it functioning. I have to find a place that can look at the computer and see what's going on with it. Sews a straight stitch without a hitch, decorative can be a problem..."
Love it. As described. Powerful machine. Easy to use.
Fabulous machine!! Fab fab fab! Highly recommend to anyone who wants a home sewing machine that can do just about everything.
Beautiful machine.  Just started familiarizing myself with it.  Hoped to make many new projects with it.
Works well
This machine is so easy to use.  The instruction book is great.  Very happy with purchase.
"Wonderful sewing machine for the recreational seamstress/quilter/crafter.  I have owned it for almost a year, with heavy use during the winter quilting season, and love it.  No mechanical problems, and easy to use."
"so far I am not impressed at all.  I've read in the manuel & practiced with the stitches-most of them look like crap.  Maybe I need to take a class from an expert.  the tension is never right no matter what I do.  I am so disapointed. :(
I have been sewing as a hobby for nearly 45 years. I also have a serger & another very reputable sewing machine.  I wanted this one for all of the extra stitches."
"Great for home projects and crafts, used to teach my daughter and she has use it for one year now! pretty affordable, just what I was looking for."
"Absolutely in love with my new seeing machine! It's easy to use and works beautifully! Sometimes the bobbin wants to not work so I have to fix it manually, but other than that I am in love with it! It stitches wonderfully, has a great selection of stitches and keeps a straight line! The tension stays in place and the attachments are fantastic!"
Not a very good machine. The top stitche is very loose....very bad buy.
"I have been so very pleased with my new machine. I had a Sears sinxe 1973 and searched pros and cons both brands. I love this machine. Been perfect for me. I was able to learn how to thread and bobbin bc of the DVD THATS included. Without that I COULDNT have just by reading. It's so simple to use. I even made a lap quilt. I embroidery stitched the patterns  after doubke facing , and stirched the whole quilt. Also made matching pillows. It's was my Grandsons christmas outfits I cut into a 12 sq quilt. You can't go wrong with this machine  the monogram stitch is very small so don't buy if u want to monogram clothes."
I love this machine easy to use very handy
Loved this!!! did even more than I anticipated!  Make sure you watch the DVD...it's not long but it teaches you things you probably wouldn't understand by just reading the manual.....I recommend this for any avid sewer!
"It's a fun, easy to use machine. Great for starters and advanced sewers alike."
"love the easy of sewing with this machine.however I'm a little disappointed with the tension being correct. it's very sporatic, but it bunches up on the bobbin thread. but I still would recomend this machine"
Good value and good machine.  We have been using it on and off for some time now.  The support for the reel is little too short but generally a very good machine.
excelent
"I am in clear physical danger when I attempt to sew things. Not my forte. But I often repair dog leashes, collars, etc., and had some small special projects and minor clothing repairs, etc., that would be much easier with a sewing machine instead of a Speedy Stitcher. I needed something that was simple to use but would have a little versatility should something bizarre happen and I got artsy craftsy or found I had a secret inner calling to be a tailor. Rest assured that has not happened and I will not be sewing any Christmas gifts.

This is a great little machine. I was up and sewing in short order after getting it unpacked. I still have all my digits and both eyes. Great value and quality. It will do everything I will ever need it to do with extra features should I want to noodle around with them at some point.

I haven't had it very long, and it gets limited use, so can't speak to reliability and long term quality yet. But I am very happy with it and would recommend it."
I stupidly read the reviews and bought this piece of crap - don't be fooled - spend a little more if you want to sew
perfect
I love this machine! I use it very often and haven't had any issues. It's really easy to operate and comes with so many options! This is a great machine upgrade even for a beginner!
Wife loves her new sewing machine. We still have her old Singer around for some of the heavier duty sewing needs. But this one has worked great so far for all her outfit making needs.
"Very easy to use. I have no sewing experience but started sewing after 1 hour of reading manual. Up to this point, I have sewed at least three pairs of baby booties and fixed 6 jeans hems for my family. I would recommend to those who are looking for one."
Great product! Arrived in good time as promised. Will return to Amazon!
The machine has been more than we had hoped for. The ease of operation and smooth sewing is great.
Does all I need and then some
"My wife loves it! And that's all that matters. No problems at all so far. She is sewing everything she wants to at a faster rate, and able to take on harder projects now."
"Nice machine, does everything you need."
I am still learning and experiencing the new things on the machine but I love it!
"LOVE my machine and DVD that came with it, I am now a sewing diva!"
"I had a Singer sewing machine that was giving trouble for a while.  Had been already cleaned and it went back to having issues.  So I looked at user reviews, other reviews, and prices, and found the Brotehr Limited Edition Project Runway machine.  I love it.  It serves my purposes without breaking the bank.  I would recommend it for somebody who has from beginner to advanced experience."
Very nicely priced new sewing machine for my wife. Operation is very quiet. The machine has lots of options for different stitches. It has also greatly increased the speed of her sewing projects. The needle threading could be a bit easier.
"My niece bought this machine and it worked so nicely, that I had to buy one too.  After using it for a short while, on one of the regular stitches, #02, all of a sudden it would get a mind of it's own and go too far to the left of the sewing foot and jam into the side of the sewing plate, breaking the needle!  The only way to stop the machine from what it was doing was to turn it off!!  I went through 4 needles trying to hem a pair of shorts!  By this time it was too late to send it back to Amazon so I took it to a sewing machine store that honored the warranty.  They adjusted a couple things, but said that they had never heard of such a thing happening to a machine.  It's hard to trust it when I've seen it ""in action!""  Other than that, it seems to be pretty nice although it doesn't run as smoothly and quietly as the one my niece bought.  :("
I didn't know there was such a difference between sewing with machines that cost less than 100 dollars and this one but man there is a  big difference. I love this machines. It sews through everything and the needle doesn't break if you sew over a needle. Love it!
I luv this machine - great machine - great price.  so far so good.
Nice y work very good
Great Machine
Hooray! love this thing!
Good sewing machine.
"I was looking to replace a fairly simple-use, but older sewing machine I had used for years.  I had no idea where to start, or what to look for in a current machine.  They could do almost anything now, and I certainly did NOT need to tackle learning all of the features available.  I chose this one due to other reviews, and what appeared to be, it's simplicity.  Upon arrival, I did something stupid - I put it away for about 3 months before I actually needed it.  Thankfully, it worked perfectly once I did open the box and read the instructions.  I still haven't used it extensively, but have used it enough to know it was a perfect choice for me.  Has basic stitches needed plus several more I may or may not use.  It is a very nice machine and I can recommend to others."
"It's lightweight, quiet, easy to use."
"I love my new sewing machine. I've never used one before and the first day it arrived, I was already making a bib for my nephew. I bought it as I'm interested in quilting and so far have completed several projects without any issues. The only downside, which is not a big deal, is that if I try to use the clear thread it will break. Probably I'm doing something wrong as I haven't even read the manual. I recommend this machine and amazon's price is unbeatable."
love it....best machine....made 4 quilts....
Contrary to other reviews all the parts and CD was included. I haven't used it yet but so far I love it. Has all the bells and whistles and Amazon had the best prices. I checked all sorts of websites and I highly recommend Amazon!!
very very GOOD!!!
"Worked straight out of the box. Seems smooth and reliable. The bobbins took a few trials to wind as required, but not a real problem - we had the wrong speed selected."
I've waited a long time for a GREAT sewing machine and now I have it.
Perfect for the beginner who would like to learn a lot of things.
"Love it!
Great deal, free shipping, nice machine!"
So far everything is great!
"I would recommend this machine to everyone! This is is an exceptionally well equipped sewing machine! Very pleased, can't wait to produce some beautiful garments and quilts!"
"A must buy for any beginner sewers! I am thrilled with this sewing machine! Besides a 7th grade home-ec class, I have absolutely no sewing machine experience.

This machine is extremely easy to: put together, learn on and use. While the simplicity makes it great for beginners, the quality and technology make it ideal for experienced sewers as well.

I was looking for a machine that was easy enough to use for beginners, capable of sewing upholstery fabric and extremely durable.  After 6 hours of reading amazon reviews on 4 different machines, I chose this one and couldn't be happier.
I saw many reviews from people who had been sewing and quilting for years and from beginners as well.  All were extremely happy and surprised by the ease and durability of machine.

Perks- easy bobbin winding system, automatic threader and bobbin thread pick up, 3 speed dial, presser foot or button control
 sewing, drop off/click on presser feet and reliability!

Gone are the days of trying to thread a needle, unraveling projects and knotted messes of strings- I simply turn on my machine, drop the needle (by button!) into my project, lower the presser foot and I'm off!

I couldn't be happier!"
"This is my second Brother sewing machine. I still have my Singer which I brought about 35 yrs ago. It served me well. I thought It time for a new machine and thought I would try a Brother again.  I chose this item for my Mother's Day gift. Haven't done a lot of sewing. I did make a small bag with webbing which is pretty heavy fabric--no problem, Easy to setup with the exception of the automatic needle threader--perhaps it's me, but I find it useless and this would have been a pro for me (old eyes). I made a few other garments and I find the sewing to be very quiet and smooth. I sampled the decorative stiches--they were easy to set up also. I recently bought a dressmaker form and can't wait to get started making a new wardrobe for myself. I thought the light weight was a con until I was able to put the machine in a bag and travel with it to make a costume for my daughter.  So far I am very pleased and would recommend to anyone. I will update my review if I change my mind after using it more."
"Been using this for making insulated curtains for a trailer.  It has been great so far.  The fabric layers are not that thick, but there are still at least 2 layers of fabric and then the thermal liner.  This machine doesn't hesitate.  Just make sure the thread tensions are correct.  I have fat ""man"" fingers and lower bobbins have always given me trouble.  Drops right in."
My daughter loves this simple efficient machine.
Very happy with this machine.  Have no issues with it at all. Love how easy it is to use and set up.
"Wife knows about such matters. Asked me to buy. I bought. Apparently, many desirable features at a great price. She loves it!"
"Works great awesome,I use it everyday"
What a great machine. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a new machine.
"I had a heavy vintage Kenmore sewing machine sitting in the basement that I never used.  I was looking for something affordable and lightweight that I could take to a quilting class.  I did a little research before buying, to make sure it would meet my needs.  This machine has exceeded my expectations.  The DVD that you receive with it is excellent in teaching you the basics.  It's so easy to change the presser foot, to thread, and to program the stitches you want.  The stitches are even.  I especially like the push a button feature to sew, where I don't have to use the foot pedal.  I just love it!"
"I love this machine. When I bought it, I had never touched a sewing machine before in my life. This machine is so easy to use and set up. It comes with a good variety of stitches. Till now I've gone through some projects with this machine and I love it just as much as when it first came into my life."
"I purchased this sewing machine for my 10-year-old granddaughter who wanted to learn to sew. She loves it, and everyone in the house loves it. This went to a house where no one had any experience with sewing or sewing machines. They had it up and running and sewing in no time at all. It was very simple for them to set up and to figure out how everything works. They sent me a video of the man of the house who is a manly man, sewing and embroidering words with it on the first day. They are very happy with it, and that means I am very happy with it."
I would call myself a beginner sewer. The Machine with the instructions manual makes it easy for me to understand and try new things.
This sewing machine was delivered to me in two days. I truly love this machine. It is exactly what I needed and more. Thank you do much.
Nice sewer maching
"I'm very happy with this machine. I have been sewing most of my life and worked off of older model Singers. This is the first machine of my own, and I wanted a computerized machine that wasn't too pricey. This machine comes with an abundance of stitches, and also has basic embroidery features that are easy to use. It's a GREAT machine for a beginner (lots of features) and also a good for folks with more experience or if you are looking for a 2nd machine.

The main perk of this machine is the DROP IN BOBBIN!!!! I cannot begin to explain how difficult it is to use front loading bobbins. If you are new to sewing, please keep this in mind when looking for a machine. Drop in bobbins (on the top of the machine, underneath the sewing foot) are MUCH easier to use. I also like the backstitching button too, along with the needle up and down button - both are conveniently placed on the front of the machine! It is also very lightweight and easy to lift, but unfortunately doesn't come withe a sturdy carrying case (just a cover) I have purchased a few after-market sewing feet (quarter inch quilting foot with a guide, binding foot, walking foot), and they snap  on this machine easily since it's a low shank machine.

A couple things you should know...  there are 100 pre-programmed stitches, which is probably more than you will ever need. But you can't upload extra stitches on to this machine. The monogramming feature is easy to use, and you can spell out words and spaces on to the machine by entering each numerical code for each letter. However there is only one font and size for monogramming, so don't expect too much. There is a manual stitch you can use to monogram by hand, but this takes praaaaaactice. I also had a bit of trouble getting the stitch tensions right for my stipple quilting stitching but eventually it balanced out.

Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase - especially for such a great price!"
My wife loves it.  She has no complaints and is able to use it just fine. She was born with one arm the left am being only half formed. So if you happen to know someone borne or with a amputated arm they can use this just fine
"I love love love love love this machine. The monogram feature is something I really wanted and I like it. Yes, it's small and all caps and not Etsy worthy, but it makes my projects look more professional and unique.
I'm a novice, but do lots of DIY crafts and projects. I've probably been sewing for about two years, and I've made everything from curtains to a quilt on this machine and they've turned out great. The threading is fast and all the different stitches make it fun. My projects look more polished with than machine and it's easy to use. I love electronic features, like the one-button needle up/down button. If you're a pro, you might want something more, but if you're a Pinterest/Etsy junky who loves to make things for your house and friends (curtains, quilts, pillows, baby gifts, etc.) on nights and weekends then this machine has everything and more than you'd need. Even my grandma who has sewn forever and quilts was impressed with the machine and the things I've been able to make with it."
What a great machine!  So easy to use.
Wife use it everyday. She praises the vast amount of stitching adjustment and computer sync. We live in a one bed room and it does just fine.
I purchased this for my daughters birthday and she loves it. She had a bottom of the line singer and said this is so much nicer!
"So much fun to work with.  Love the variety of stitches.  Am a new quilter, but old sewing pro--love that it is lightweight, i take it to quilting classes."
Great machine.  Runs so much smoother than my 6000.  The greater number of stitches is very useful and I love the monogramming feature.
Steal of a deal!
very good!!!!!!
"This a great machine!  I have had Singer and White sewing machines in the past but this is easy to thread, the bobbin is very easy to see and load, and the number of stitches is fantastic.  I particularly like the up/down needle button feature and the backstitch button."
Gave it to my adult daughter as her first sewing machine and she cannot stop talking about it ... sews like a dream!
Can't stop sewing.  Love it
"I am still getting use to it, but so far, I have no complaints."
Very pleased with this sewing machine.  Great product for the money.
"So far so good!  Great starter machine, and very ""user error"" friendly."
Love the machine!  Only prob so far is a tiny screw is missing from the needle plate showing stitch width. I would appreciate one being mailed to me.  I am  just learning to sew but it runs quietly and operates accordingly. I have not figured out how to use the start/stop button. I would recommend machine to friends. Once I receive the screw I will vote a 5.
good
"I've only used this machine  3 times.  The 2nd time I used it the automatic threader broke.  It had to be taken off.  i figured I'd just manually thread like I always have.  I started a quilt. Easy piecing this weekend.  Straight stitch, Nothing fancy.  All of a sudden the needle is in the left position instead of center and I can't get it back to center.  I can move it manually with my finger,  so it doesn't seem stuck, but no matter what I do ( trying to reset to center, several times) it wont' go back in position.  It's hard to get a hold of anyone at Brother.  I had to send an e-mail.  Waiting on a reply.  Very frustrated.  Still a new machine and I can't use it.

""Additional comments"" 6/30/14

I did get a service rep at Brother.  Gave me the closest dealer to take it to for repair.  It's an hour away.  Hopefully they will accept my Amazon purchase verification as proof it's still under warranty. Saying it will be about 2 weeks. Quilt project on hold."
"I love this machine.  I sew everyday and I need to make buttonholes, put in zippers, decorate dresses etc.  and this machine does it all.  so I highly recommend this machine.  I have a couple friends who have it as well."
"I am please with this machine.  I use it only for quick crafts and small projects, but it works great for my needs.  I would order it again."
"It is like driving a cadillac after driving the old clunker!!  Sews like a dream, so smooth and am still finding uses for the stiches!"
"I've had Singer and Kenmore machines before and this Brother was to replace my Kenmore that wasn't working very well anymore.  Rather than spend over $100 to have it serviced (again) I decided to take a chance on this machine and see what it was like.  I'm very happy with it and it sews beautifully.  It has several features my old Kenmore didn't have.  This is a great machine and I like that it came with the table extender.  My only complaint is that it doesn't sew over pins very well, which is something it's probably not supposed to do anyway!  But other than that, I'm satisfied with my purchase.  I've officially retired my Kenmore!"
"My other machine was the lowest end Brother and I got tired of not being able to do anything.  This one is so incomparably better (for just a little more money, I might add) and it is shocking.  You really get a lot of bank for your buck here.

My overarching comment is that many times one is tempted to do things by hand because getting the machine out and ready is a hassle.  This machine makes all those things way faster and more convenient, so it gets more use.  Real easy to get out and ready to go quickly.

Positive comments:
==================

1. Insanely easy to insert and get the bobbin threaded and ready for use.  This was a pain in my old one and I have saved so much time using this drop in method.  You don't need to pull the thread up or anything before use.  Also nothing complex to remember.  Simple and nice.

2. Threading the upper part and needle are great.  Once you figure out how to thread the needle it is so fast.  I never thread by hand any more. Another huge time saver.

3. Love that you can set the needle to end in the up or down position by default.  I also love the button that pushes the needle down and up.  I never, ever use the twisty thing to move the needle.  Such a time saver!

4. Lots of fun stitches and feet so there is a ton of functionality here.  You don't know how much you need obscure features until you have them and think to use them.

5. There are only a few controls but they are all useful.  There's not a single button or switch I don't use regularly.  Very simple, useful, intuitive user interface.

6. I originally thought the ability to sew without the pedal was a gimmick, but I use it all the time.  Whenever it's a small job and not worth setting up the pedal I just leave it.  Hemming pants or whatever.  Too quick and easy using the pedal-less functionality.  Good work, Brother!

7. Love that this thing can sew sloooowwwly if you want.  When doing delicate operations I hate how many sewing machines are too fast and get ahead of you.  You can turn this down so it creeps along practically as slow as you would like.

8.  The monogramming feature is very, very basic, but also very easy to use and a nice extra.  Normally that feature is found only way above this price point.

9. Very lightweight and compact machine.  I could consider this travel size and weight.  Great if you are the type of person who keeps the sewing machine in the closet instead of having a dedicated workspace for it.

10. Changing feet is crazy easy as well.  Who wants to unscrew feet?  Just pop them off.

11. This machine is way, way quieter than expected.  Much quieter than other machines I have used.

Overall this machine just couldn't be any easier to use and has a lot of useful functionality.

Negative comments:
================

1. The downside of the lightweightness of the machine is that it can move around while you are sewing.  Not as stable as a big heavy sewing machine.  The small size also has its downsides too if if you are sewing larger objects.

2. Putting in the bobbin is dead easy but also easy to get wrong.  Occasionally it won't hook under the little metal thing (or pulls out) and then it puts no tension on the bottom and your stitches look terrible.  Took me a while to diagnose this.  You get used to double checking to make sure it's right and then it's not a problem.

3. The monogram feature is easy to use but very, very basic.  It's not beautiful embroidery, just letters in a fixed size and not all that attractive.  I consider this a bonus feature so it's no big deal.  Good for putting your name on something in an inconspicuous place but doesn't produce a monogram you would want people to see.

4. The description seems to indicate that it has an automatic (mechanized) thread cutter.  That's not the case.  It has little grooves on it with blades that you can pull a thread through to cut, just like every other sewing machine in the world.  The difference is that this has them in three useful places: on the bobbin winder, in the bobbin hole, and on the left side of the arm.

That's basically it.  No real significant downsides.  This is a very, very useful and well-designed machine.  It is just like the most popular sewing machine in the world (the CS6000i) but has the addition of the monogram feature and a few other small extras.  I would absolutely recommend it for any occasional sewer, whether beginner or more advanced.  If you sew many hours a week or have special requirements you may want a higher end model, but this can get an amazing amount done."
I've only had it for a couple of months but it's awesome. Does stuff that I still don't know how to use. I watch the DVD that came with it and it was a great beginner video to familiarize myself with my machine.
I bought five of these for my sewing classes.  The students loved them.  They are light weight with lots of features and very intuitive to use.
This is the second sewing machine that I have owned and I am absolutely enjoying it.  It has been a while since I used a sewing machine and it has been a pleasure learning again.
"I needed another sewing machine for the 2nd house, to replace a cheapo machine that I had bought in Wally World and hated so much that I wanted to toss it out a window, but didn't want to spend an arm and a leg.  Looked up the reviews in Consumer Reports, and this one was mentioned.  Keep in mind that my ""main"" machine is an older Pfaff, made in Germany, weighs a ton, and can sew leather to a rock.  So the first thing that's noticeable is the light weight of this machine.  Next to the Pfaff, it's almost toy like.  However, once I started sewing on it, I was impressed.  Wide range of stiches of course, but the speed is what got me.  When sewing straight stitches, like piecing a quilt, or making curtains, you want to be able to zip along.  This is pretty fast.  Comes with a bunch of accessories, including a hopping foot for quilting, although the throat area is pretty small, so I'm not sure how big of a quilt it could do.

So if you have no intention of sewing leather to rocks, this might be a pretty good machine for a beginning sewer on up."
"I was given the task of finding a sewing machine for my daughter. She likes Brother machines. Nothing too expensive or too fancy. A workhorse of a machine. After looking at a number of sights, I found the Brother XR9500PRW Limited Edition Project Runway Sewing Machine. It had many of the features I knew my daughter would like. Lots of feet, too. BUT, it was listed quite a bit higher in price then my son-in-law wanted to spend. Then I looked at Amazon. Price was great and the sewing machine was one I knew would suit my daughter for years to come. Lots of stitches, lots of features, and did I mention lots of feet. This machine isn't a first and it isn't super fancy. It's the workhorse my daughter needs now. She loves it and told my she has already started learning new things and having a wonderful time."
"The product is nice and as we see in the photo, I recommend you buy those interested.

Me gust mucho, es un excelente producto, lo recomiendo ampliamente, no se van arrepentir."
"I can't say enough about how much I love this machine, it is so easy to use and sews so well I don't have any doubt that I will be using it for the next decade or so.  It is sturdy and hard working, it has every stitch I could ever want and a few extras!"
"Bought this for my wife at her request.  While I can't provide any details on its performance, my wife has been using it for five months without voicing any displeasure.  That's an automatic five stars in my book :-)"
I love my sewing machine. I burned up the motor in my old 1971 machine several years ago. Recently I'd used my boss/friends Brother machine and I really liked it. I love shopping on Amazon because I don't have to run all over San Antonio and I can get a better deal. I'd wanted a machine that could handle a variety of fabrics without giving me grief! I wanted to do fancy stitches without a lot of other equipment and I wanted one that could get into small places like sleeves. This machine makes it all so easy! Change some numbers around and you have a new stitch. I have hated sewing Velcro before but this machine handles it with ease.  I'm still learning new things but I'm thrilled with the machine and with the great deal I got.
"This came packaged securely, brand new and easy to use. The machine itself is a wonder and the features are easy to use. The video was very helpful in getting started and understanding this particular machine. Love it!"
"I've had this machine for 3 months now and I'm brand new to sewing. The DVD that comes with it is GREAT and so helpful. Between the DVD, some online instructions and videos I'm now doing my own sewing from patterns. I just did an entire cloak/cape project this last weekend from a Simplicity pattern. Love the needle threading feature, the kit for cleaning it and how easily it is to get the bobbin in the bottom. It is the quickest way to start sewing. I've done nylon ontop of leather and it chugged right along, so I'm also impressed by how tough this baby is!!"
"I have owned a basic Singer for a couple years. I am a beginner sewer and it always gave me issues. I thought it was operator error since I am new to sewing...but even the instructions were awful. Thank goodness my husband bought this Brother for me!!! It's amazing. If you do something wrong (like forget to put the foot lever down), it alerts you and won't allow you to sew. It's so smart! I love how the instructions are so detailed! It even came with a DVD (I haven't watched yet). If you are just learning to sew, this is the machine for you!"
"I bought this as a lightweight carry-to-class sewing machine. It only weighs about 12 lbs. and is easy to take to and from quilting or sewing classes. The cover does not have a bottom but does have an opening on the side toward the top that lets you grab the sewing machine by its recessed handle. This machine has all sorts of utility and decorative stitches. I have a larger Brother sewing-embroidery machine at home and the presser feet are interchangeable and that's a great advantage to staying within the Brother line. It also has an attachable quilting table that makes a larger flat area for sewing. Although my larger Brother machine is much heavier and has more bells and whistles, this little machine sews a quality stitch just like the larger machine and I don't hesitate to use it when I'm home."
u will not regret if u buy this machine. i really enjoy using it. i have done so many thing with it. AAA
"once I get used to a Brother! It's like the battle between Chevy and Ford! Nothing is really wrong with either, it's just that everything works backwards from the other!

Thank goodness for the DVD. Initially, it took over 2 hours to figure out how to wind the bobbin and thread the machine. With that said, by the second day it is going much faster, but I still needed to refer to the manual. By the end of the week I should be good!

Looks like there are some nice features which will take some time to figure out (not intuitive - turn off, turn on, push this button or that button, turn back on and off) But so far I haven't needed any of these features.

Now on to the good things!

Right out of the box, it is set up to straight sew! The stitch length is correct and the tension is perfect. I played around with some decorative stitches that worked perfectly with the presser foot and needle that was factory set up. Absolutely love that the needle always stops ""up"" and the needle up/down button is quick and precise when you want to turn a corner on the fabric.

It's light weight and easy to set up or put away. This is practically perfect for someone just learning to sew-it comes with a little pouch/kit of necessities and tools, and is a nice addition for those who carry their machines with them like purses (quilt clubs, classes).

I had been looking at a couple of machines in the $1,500 - $2,000 range but couldn't seem to find anyone to teach me how to utilize them to the fullest.

So for $160 I am very happy with this machine!!! Can hardly wait to try the applique stitch and see how it quilts through 3 layers."
"This is the second brother machine I have owned. I think it is a wonderful machine.  This one has 100 stitches, threads itself ( with a little help) has an extra surface to attach for bigger projects, has lots of feet and attachments, plus has a nice carry handle built in."
"I purchased this machine because the bobbin winder on my other machine broke, and winding by hand just wasn't giving me the results that I wanted. I was happy to see everything included in the package including the manual. I was able to start using it right away because I had a similar machine before."
"Amazing, amazing, amazing. This is my very first sewing machine and I absolutely love it! Thank you as usual Amazon!"
"I went searching for a new machine after my singer stopped working. After much research I decided to switch brands as it was apparent there were some serious flaws with the Singer brands. I came upon Brother branded machines. I was weary buying online but the reviews all looked great. I'm so glad that I trusted the reviews. I've now had this for a year and love it. It suited my rather beginner needs and has allowed me to grow over the year. Love the presets, especially how the machine tells you what foot you should use for specific stitches. As a beginner when you don't quite understand foots (I know I didn't) that was a lifesaver! The thread feeder saves you so much time. Everything about this machine is self explanatory. Always read machine manuals, they'll give you a great start on getting to know your machine and even offer some tips.

It's a sound machine with an amazing speed feature. I love this because sometimes I need to better control my stitching and I can take comfort that if I apply to much pressure my projects are going to fly through my machine. I can take it at a pace I'm comfortable with depending on my projects, especially doing appliques where a lot of manipulating of material is needed. I also love how you can have the machine start and end in a needle down position. This has allowed me to turn edges quickly and start back up in seconds instead of having to manually put the needle down then turn the fabric, then start back up. Just overall handy.

I can't recommend this affordable but versatile and strudy machine enough!"
"Absolutely love this machine...so easy and so light weight, and the instructions are very user friendly, can't wait to really get into bigger projects and learning all this machine can do."
I ordered this machine for my 8 year old daughter she loves to sew and I wanted to get her a machine where she can practice what she learns from her classes. The machine she uses in class was discontinued and was recommend to get this one instead. This machine was very easy to set up. I love how the machine has all the different stitches options which is a plus because the machine can grow with her and she can keep for years to come which is what I wanted....
"I'm brand new to sewing, but I've been wanting to get into cosplay for a while so I bit the bullet and took some classes at Joann's. After four projects on a borrowed machine at the craft store, I figured it was time to get my own.  I knew it would be between a Brother and a Singer, both having good reputations, but the Brother XR9500PRW won out because of the number of features and good reviews.

This really is a simple machine to use. I really like the three speed control which prevents me from going nuts and putting the pedal to the metal when stitching. The bobbins are a bit larger than normal and I've found that it does make a difference which size you use; unfortunate since I had a bunch of the smaller ones already. Threading is a breeze with the automatic threader which I never got the hang of on the borrowed machine. There are a ton of stitch patterns, most of which I know I won't use but it's nice to know they are there.

One thing that swayed my decision to get the XR9500PRW was the monogram stitch. Just program in the letters you want and let the Brother do the rest. At least that was my hope. I have not been able to get a legible monogram out of it yet. Plus the fabric tends to bunch up when I try it. Ah well, it wasn't a feature I planned on using a lot, but I wish I could get it to work.
But over all, I'm very happy with my purchase. What it does, it does well. It's light weight and easy to carry. It comes with an instructional DVD which is helpful for learning about the machine itself, but you find a lot more helpful sewing videos on YouTube if you need help with specific techniques. The stitch selector is easy to use and brightly backlit. You can unplug the foot pedal and just hit one button to let the machine sew for you (but I'm not that trusting of any machine). I like being able to set the needle to stop in either the up or down position (down keeps me from screwing up when I'm not thinking.)

Highly recommended for my fellow sewing newbies. So simple a dude can use it."
I've mentioned it before ... I like to sew - this ain't no Bernina but if you're not sewing through a pig's skin this one will get many jobs done nicely ... I'm teaching my wife how to sew and we are both grateful for a workable self threader among a few of the features of this one.
"I just tried my sewing machine but I think they sent me a defective product. I'm about to sew but when I pressed the foot controller, there was a little explosion and the smokes came out from the machine. I'm very very disappointed!!!! Now I can do nothing with this machine."
"""Santa"" brought this sewing machine to my 7 year old for Christmas.  The price was too good to pass up.  We've made 2 garments with it (a pillowcase and some pajama pants).  The machine works great and the adjustable speed control is great for beginner seamstresses.  It's very lightweight and easy to use."
"I purchase this sewing machine for my wife based off the high reviews on this and other sites. so far, we definitely have not been disappointed!

Neither of us have really used a sewing machine before, so when you first get it out of the box it can be a little intimidating. It probably has more functions and ""bells and whistles"" than we will ever use, but when compared to some of the cheaper alternatives with fewer options, those often do not include the hard case which can easily tack on additional cost to make them roughly the same price.

That being said - once you get this up and running, it has some nice features: the auto-winding of the bobbin is a great feature, and all of the accessories fit in a small storage bag which fits in the pull out drawer on the bottom left.

So far, we've made a few things (pair of curtains, fixed a button and just ""tested"" out some of the other features) and I think this will be more than sufficient to support plenty of homemade crafts/items for years to come.

The product feels sturdy, comes with a detailed instruction manual and is great for beginners. I think if you have more experience in sewing... you'll get even more out of the ""advanced"" features this offers. Would definitely recommend!"
"Bought this machine for my daughter based on good reviews. After a month of regular use, it started tangling thread, first occasionally then more frequently, to the point where it is now unusable. Emailed Brother, who sent troubleshooting tips, which didn't solve the problem. Checked with a local sewing expert, who said that the timing is off and noticed that the hand wheel is much harder to turn than it should be. I have emailed this info to Brother and am waiting to see if repairs will be covered under the 1 year warranty. If not, don't know what I'll do, as the cost of repairs could easily exceed the cost of the machine itself. Based on recommendations from several sources (which I wish I'd had before buying the Brother), I'll probably replace it with a Janome. Maybe I just got a lemon, but my overall experience has not been good.

Update:
Brother replied that the machine must be checked by an authorized service center to see if it qualifies for warranty repair. Had the machine checked at two local repair shops. Both told me it wasn't worth the cost of repairing (assuming I'm paying). The nearest Brother Authorized Service Center is 1-1/2 hour drive. If the postage isn't too much, I'll mail the machine to them. Otherwise, it's off to GoodWill."
"I have an Etsy business and my other sewing machine crapped out at a really bad time.  I couldn't get it repaired in time and had to order a supplemental machine to get some things done before a show.  I chose this one because I had a good experience with a friends Project Runway edition Brother machine.  Hers was a much nicer and more expensive version, so I didn't have super high expectations for this rather affordable machine.  I was incredibly pleasantly surprised.  Aside from the fact that it's ridiculously lightweight, it is just a downright quality machine.  It is easy to use right out of the box, and does a great job.  It has all of the features I need.  I would absolutely recommend this machine.  I haven't gone back to my Kenmore and this has held up no matter what I put it up against."
"This sewing machine was totally more than I expected.  I had never sewn a day before in my life, but it was easily workable and delivered everything I could ever want.  I am so in love with this machine.  It is sturdy, has several functions like the quilting & embroidery, and over 100 different stitches to choose from.

The only thing I would rethink would be to make the table stand more sturdy or tv send a block in between the two legs to stop them from bending when the material gets heavy."
"I did my research and this machine won hands down. I had never sewn in my 53 years and I wanted to learn and chose this machine. It is very easy to use and although I should have broken it several times by using the wrong foot and other novice mistakes, it just keeps running. In one year, I learned to sew curtains and quilt. It performs wonderfully at free motion quilting. The DVD makes it easy to begin (although the instructors voice is strangely annoying). In no time I was sewing away. I have made quilted pillow covers, done applique, made small quilts (both the piecing and the stippling), and made some art quilts. I have used the free motion to draw designs and even some original cartoon characters. I have had it for a little over a year now and although I have thought about upgrading, I just cannot seem to make the change when this machine is working so well. (knock wood). If you are a beginner or even an intermediate sewer just looking to buy a machine that does a little more, try this machine out. In my quilting class, I even had one woman prefer this machine over her very expensive machine. Amazon had the best price and it came very quickly.

Update 11/25/16- Three years later, this little baby is still working great with absolutely NO problems. Every once in a while I get some seams quirky but rethreading either the thread or bobbin has always fixed it. I have pieced and free-motion quilted over 50 quilts and pillows. The best size for free motion quilting on this machine is about 45X60"" but I have quilted one that was 55X72"". It was difficult due to the smaller throat but it was still able to do it! I am so amazed that when I bought this machine, I could not sew anything and was initially terrified of even threading the machine and now I am just so comfortable sewing all the time!"
"I'm not the most experienced at sewing, but this machine is easy to use. It runs very smoothly. I've been very pleased with this buy. My other sewing machine was always having problems and skipping stitches and the feeding dog kept jamming up. I was so fed up so I had to upgrade and I've loved this machine."
My daughter is taking this machine and her new serger machine with her to college so she can become a fashine designer. She wouldn't trade her machine in for the world.
"I wore my previous sewing machine down completely after 20 years.  It was rather simple, and I decided a liked the Brother series because it also seemed simple.  It is easy to use, but has so many features and sews so nicely.  I have only had it a month, and I have used it almost every day.  There was a bonus feature of embroidery on it that I love.  But generally I make quilts and clothes, so it meets my needs nicely.  The price was just right!  Thanks so much."
"I'm still learning, but this is a great sewing machine. Lots of options and fairly easy to start out on."
"For the price, this is a great sewing machine for basic clothing construction.  Unless you are a seamstress or plan to do some complicated construction, this will serve any home sewers needs."
"When I first got this machine, I found that it was easy to set up and thread, but then I found that the thread would easily come out of the top thread tension spring. I would be sewing along on a seam and then the thread would randomly knot up on the bottom, but then continue sewing nicely. Almost every seam I sewed, no matter how long it was, I would have to pick out some of it and sew it over again. Every little thing I sewed took twice as long. I tried going slower or faster or keeping at a constant speed. I constantly had to rethread the top. I don't have time to waste so I returned it. Amazon was great on the return."
"I was using a bottom of the line Janome Mystyle that needs to go in repair.  I decided to get this machine as a backup because it definitely has more features and was priced $100 less that my Janome that I got three years ago!  I do a lot of free motion quilting.

I just got it today.  A lot of things irked me at first, but with some minor problem solving everything must be just a learning curve thing.  I thought the quilting table was a little unstable at first.  Whenever I weighted my hand on the far left side it would tilt the machine...  then I was more careful about seating the table at the machine and made sure that the legs were properly locked out and I didn't have a problem.  The threading mechanism was definitely a good thing to have, but it's definitely another learning curve item.  It took me several tries to do it successfully. I love the way the bobbin is filled and threaded.  I like to use the Supreme Slider for free motion quilting but the throat space was a little small for it.  Luckily I had an old one that I had accidently chewed up the edge, so I just sliced the chewed up edge and it fit in the throat space just fine.  Love the needle position feature.

I usually set the stitch length to 0 to free motion quilt, but wasn't able to get it down to 0. I had to fiddle with the thread tension for awhile, but I even with fiddling I never got any severe loops or problems.  In fact, it was more consistent with good stitch quality than the Janome.  I changed out the foot to the included free motion quilt foot.  I found I wasn't able to quilt as accurately than my Janome.  The hopping mechanism of the foot would advance the quilt on it's own which means I had to use more muscle tension to keep handle the stitching.  The LED light produced glare on white fabric, and the clear plastic on the foot made the needle position difficult to see.  I found that I had to crane my neck more to be right on top of it to quilt accurately.  Again, this is probably just a learning curve thing.  I definitely like the incandescent light on the Janome better because the lighting is more diffuse and covers a larger area thus no glare on white fabric.

I logged onto Amazon today to print a copy of the invoice to keep with my warranty.  I noticed that they had lowered the price $30.  So I opened up a Help chat session and they proceeded to refund the $30 plus tax!  I LOVE AMAZON!"
"So far so good , haven't had a chance to use all the features yet , machine is real quiet and threads easily ."
Glad I purchased this item.  I am learning to sew and this has bee great for me.  I am sure it can do lots more than I have tried so far.  I look forward to all it can do.
I love my new sewing machine. The dvd was very helpful as I have never had a top loading machine before
"I started sewing with a manual Singer Promise 1409. While that one is a strong machine and has served me well, it is very basic with just 9 stitches and is VERY loud. Goodness, my whole table shakes when I use it! While I originally wanted to stick with Singer, none of the machines in my price range, (under $200), could match the Brother xr9500PRW.

This Brother is an amazing, affordable upgrade! Quick set bobbin, needle threader, and needle down position are my favorite things. Not to mention the tons of decorative stitches! It is so quiet compared to my Singer. Also, the fact that the pedal is not needed for any if the intricate stitching is wonderful. It does get slightly louder when using the start/stop button, but is sill nothing compared to the Promise.
I made a list of all the things I wanted my machine to be capable of, including;
-adjustable needle position
-drop in bobbin
-wide selection of stitches
-quilting table included
-multiple presser feet included (with a free motion quilting foot)
...among other things I may not be thinking of at the moment. This machine covered them ALL.

Also, a HUGE plus is that the bobbin is not only drop in, but, it is a quick set bobbin...no holding the top thread and turning the hand wheel to pull it up! Simply drop it in, thread through tension spring and around plate. An attached cutter cuts to perfect length. Replace bobbin cover and begin sewing!

The only other thing that would make this machine even more perfect, is if it had an automatic thread cutter. Not a huge deal for me since I've always had the cutter on the side of my other one.

I truly feel I made the right choice by purchasing this machine.

UPDATE:5/19/2014
I am still in love with this machine, overall. However, the light on the machine is very weak, as someone else stated in their review as well. I have an Ottlite that I use, so it's really not a huge bother to me at home. If I take my machine some where to use that doesn't have good lighting, it could possibly be a strain to my eyes. I've tried out just about everything on the machine and it does very well! Still very happy with my purchase."
"*Update* I have been using this machine fairly regularly now and have learned that I have to take the bobbin casing out quite a bit to keep the stitches from bunching up or not showing up right. I tried a different needle, changing the tension, rethreading the machine (upper and lower), and everything else I could think of. Nothing worked but cleaning out the bobbin housing. While not really a problem, very annoying to have to do in the middle of the project. *Note, I am using Gutermann thread most the time.

This is my first well operating sewing machine, I used to have an antique one and another Brother (can't remember which one), but my husband was the only one brave enough to use either of them. I decided November 2013 to buy my own and use it at least semi-regularly, sewing clothes and doing projects for me and my family. I researched for months before deciding that this was the best option for me. I wanted a machine to be simple to use, and that could grow with me as I progressed from novice to intermediate,etc. This fit the bill. I have made pillows with this machine, and one dress for my daughter. I love how easy it is to use and how quick it is to complete a project (compared to hand sewing that I did before). I have no issues I wasn't able to easily resolve on my own. I am now looking forward to adding a serger to my sewing tools. I will update my review here if anything changes. :)"
"I have only tried it on a few things but it worked fine. I have not challenged it at all, though. Very simple projects."
I have been pleastantly surprised by the ease of this machine. Its been quite a few years since I've sewed and its been fun!
Pretty good machine. I had help from a professional on a project and she was surprised of how good it handled heavy sewing. I love the fact that it's easy to use.
Bought this for my grand daughter to learn to sew and for me to take to classes. It sew well but as stated in other reviews it is not a fan of thick materials. The start stop button still works but does not light up. I haven't had this machine for a month yet so not sure if anything else will go wrong. It has great features and fairly easy to use the threader which is nice.
"I did not have time to check everything but what I did, this machine did it perfect. It is not heavy at all and very comfortable. just do not know if it does over-lock so if I find out that I will be happiest!"
"I love it!!!  I'm still learning how to use it, but the basics I'm enjoying.  Both my husband and I have lost quite a bit of weight so I've been busy since I received it taking in clothes which we probably would have had to give away because now they fit so big.  Can't wait until I can start making things - first project is making pajamas for my grand kids.

Highly recommend it!"
"Sews beautifully.  Instructions easy to follow. I have used it to make pillow cases so far. Have many more projects to sew. It is lightweight, comes with its own cover, and many accessories. Great buy for the money. I love it so far."
Outstanding ! Product is fantastic. Very good. Very usefull and options to work withi Patchwork. My wife is enjoying and loved !
"Love this machine, only problem I've encountered is the thread jamed, but realized it was my fault for not using the correct foot!  Having fun doing monogram ing with it!"
"I love the machine with lots of stitches and functions in one and it run very well, a bit loud but ok to me, one thing annoying me that the thread holder is short that the thread keep fall down."
"After I lowered the dog feed the switch quit working and it won't raise the feed, until then I was really getting to like the machine now I'm stuck.."
"I blow up sewing machines every year. I was in the process of making a wedding dress when the last one blew. I panicked found this online. It shipped right away and I was back in business. It even did a better job than the other 10-15 I blew up before it. I also bought the extended warranty, JUST IN CASE."
"this is an excellent light weight, heavy duty machine.  It has all the stitches needed, and keeps an even tension.  I am a quilter and I bought this machine to take to classes with me and also to  use at home.  I would like to see a better light system.  Having said that I would still highly recommend this machine for beginners all the way up to professionals."
"This machine sews beautifully, and the built-in stitches are wonderful.  Overall, I really like it.  A couple of things I don't particularly like are the needle threader - it's difficult.  If I could see how to loop the thread over the little bar thing, I could probably thread the needle manually.  I wish it had an automatic thread cutter.  I have a Brother SE350 (Sewing and Embroidery) that has a much easier needle threader, and a push-button thread cutter.  I miss those on this machine.  That said, I do like it.  I have been sewing off an on for 20+ years, but almost daily for the last 2 years, so I'm not a novice.  I sew children's clothing, household items, and handbags/purses."
"I have only begun to start using but so far, it is great!!  It is intuitive and easy to use and I love all the options if gives me.  I can't wait until I have time to sit down and learn more about it."
I am really not a sewer but I wanted something simple so I can hem slacks and simple things. I like this machine very much is almost sew's everyting itself. I tecommend this for someone that just needs simple things done. I really liked the video of how to use ...I hate reading directions.!!
"I used to have a very expensive computerized Singer Quantum and the computer died.  For a fraction of the price, this machine has many of the features that made my old one great.  Already have made a bed skirt, curtains and pillows for a bed room, recovered and ottoman,  and sewed several garments for my granddaughter.  Handles a variety of fabrics.  I especially love the variety of buttonholes.  Don't be fooled by the low price-this is a great machine!"
"Found the machine very easy to use.  Being a computer machine had to get use to the fact things are done a little different.  Followed the clear directions in the booklet and everything went smoothly.  I have been sewing for over 50 years, so this is not my first rodeo.  The price was great from Amazon, even though I did not need it, I couldn't pass up the great deal.  I have 5 other machines!  My deciding factor for purchasing it was the 100 different stitches, and all the extras. It was purchased as a used, in good condition, but I think it was a just a return, from someone who didn't dare to use it after it was bought!!!!!!!!  I could be wrong.  Have a great day, and Thank You Amazon!!!!"
"I ordered this Sewing Machine as an up dated one to the one I had and it is way more than I ever dreamed I wold have for the price and every easy easy to use, I love how it is so easy to pick you stitch and it tells you what needle you need for that stitch. If you're looking for a easy to use but great Machine buy this one, you will love it."
"This is a very nice light weight and quiet machine.  Easy to transport to class because of the hard cover with the grip in it.
I am very pleased to say the least."
"I can't stop sewing!  This machine is so awesome it's consuming my life.  Everything works awesome on it.  Even the embroidered letters look pretty darn good for a machine under $200.  I'm a guy with normal large guy hands and I'm able to operate this machine just fine (I was a little worried looking at the picture).  I've done some quilt type sewing, zippers and embroidery and all have been great on this machine.

If you're looking for a good, affordable sewing machine, stick with Brother."
This is a great sewing machine-I am still learning to use it. It has stitches for everything I would ever want to do. I can't wait to try the quilting table and walking foot.
Its not a bad machine but the description said it had automatice thread cutting and it does not. I sent it back and bought the SE400 instead. The machine itself is a very good machine. Just a typo problem.
"My sister and I decided to get this for our mother, as an early mother's day gift.

My daughter in law loves to sew as well, and did not have a machine.  It seemed like such a good deal that I got her one too.

I tried it out and loved it!  I had been thinking of getting a new machine, and this one is so easy to use, and does a great job! So I splurged and bought one for myself too.

My sister has one as well.

We all love it!"
I like this product. It is easy to use and offers a wide verity of features. Project Runway anything is to much fun. I have a little trouble with the placement of the press foot lever as I am accustomed to it being behind the machine. I would say this product is one that the novice or seasoned person who sews would enjoy using.
Worth every penny! Great buy... Being a first time user when it comes to sewing machine ! It was very simple also the DVD instructions on how to thread the machine super cool!!!
This machine is perfect for quick sewing projects.  I love all the different decorative stitches and letters for monograms.  It's the perfect compliment to my brother embroidery Machine.
"I have several machines. My most favorite was an old Montgomery Ward machine I bought in ""72 but I lost the main disc somehow a few years back and haven't found a machine I live as well. They comes 2nd to any other machine I have had!! I am very happy with all the patterns I can do with it and how well it sews! No issues!!  Very happy and would recommend!!  LOVED the price also! I got it here cheaper than I have seen it in the stores. I check all the time just to see!"
It meets my sewing needs..I have and will continue to recommend my machine to others in my sewing circle..I found the DVD very helpful in getting started. Thank You
"I love it, it was perfect, so I make beautiful pieces, and very easy to use, clear pine. Cute, easy storage ......"
"I was surprised at how quiet this machine is! I'm used the the basic Singer machine, and that thing is obnoxiously loud and shaky, like a train coming. This machine is smooth running and quiet and I love it so far!"
"I love this machine, very easy use.  It is just right for the crafty kind of sewing I do.  Good machine for the price."
EXCELLENT machine!  Arrived as scheduled & in perfect condition!  I am just thrilled with this purchase.  It really helped me finish up all the things I had to make for my daughter's wedding & everything was Beautiful!  I highly recommend this machine!
"I cannot say enough great things about this sewing machine. It is extremely easy to use - the user's guide is very readable. It has a ton of stitches - I have yet to find a stitch I need this doesn't have. The drop in bobbin is remarkably easy and making sewing much more pleasurable than when I had to deal with the spring loaded front bobbins of the past. I have made pillows using the zipper foot, PJs with buttons using the buttonholer, and many other sewing projects using the regular foot. I just recently purchased some quilting feet to start quilting with this machine and that has worked well as well. I recommend this machine to anyone I know looking for an easy to use machine that has plenty of capability!"
"I bought two of these sewing machines for my granddaughters (age 8 and 10). They were enthralled with my much more expensive Husqvarna machine and sewed for hours. I chose this for its relative ease of use and huge variety of decorative stitches which intrigued them on my machine. It appears that this machine will do everything a beginner sewer -- or even a more experienced one -- would need. The embroidery stitches are quite nice. The alphabet font is small, plain and only upper case. I would use it for name identification and doll clothes, but not for any kind of visible monogramming.

The stitching and feed is quite smooth, automatically adjusting well to changes in thickness of fabric. Threading is easy except the automatic needle threader at the end takes a few tries to get it to work and has to be positioned carefully. The included table extension is handy.

Cons: the lighting is not great. The accessory pack is put into the part of the table that pulls off (e.g., to sew sleeves), but there is no door to where the accessories can be stored. To make use of this storage area the accessories have to be kept in the bag they come in and the entire piece removed for access. There are parts that seem flimsy and some, such as the bobbin case, which are metal on my more expensive machine are plastic here.

Overall, at $160 delivered, great value for the cost."
"I purchased this product for my wife and she loves it.  So far, this sewing machine perform as expected and I'm happy with the purchased."
"Very Good Buy, wife loves it, she is very happy with the sewing machine, hopefully she will use it a lot"
"kids love it (4+8) and I get tons of use out of it. the threading was easy to learn, and the screen displays the foot and settings clearly. Also easy to adjust, very intuitive. I don't know how this will hold up against more advanced use, but for my occasional pillow cases, stuffed pet animals, blankets, quilting, shirt initials it's great!"
I have sewn for years but my old one quit and was not sure of all these newer electronic models and as I am older now and just need a basic machine this works for me. The threading and needle threader is difficult but may get easier as I use more. It has lots of bells and whistles that I was not aware of. For the price......it was great. I paid 3 times this much 18 years ago.
"I ended up returning the machine.  I purchased it because I wanted the variety of stitches it offered.  I make crazy quilts and I like to outline the pieces with different stitches.  I found that it had a nice variety of stitches but they didn't really enhance my pieces,  Most of the stitches disappeared into the fabric.  Maybe if I had been using different colors of fabric or different colored thread the stitches would have looked better, however I had already started the quilt when I purchased the machine.  I was using the Brother SE400 embroidery and sewing machine (it has about 1/2 the number of stitches) and I LOVE it.  So when I started using the 9500 my biggest disappointment was not having the thread cutter.  I found that I had grown to be dependent on the thread cutter, it made it so easy to move from piece to piece without having to remove the fabric and cut the threads.  I also thought that the light was not as good as the SE400 light but that just may be me.  I'm sure the 9500PRW is a great machine but I couldn't justify keeping it."
"This sewing machine was very easy to set and get started sewing right away. I haven't sewn in years and was nervous getting started  again, but this machine is doing a fabulous job."
"The machine is wonderful. Has all the features I need.
The negatives are the light needs to be brighter and the post you put the bobbin in for spooling, needs to be lower because thread gets caught in there and is difficult to pull out."
"This is a wonderful machine for the money. It may not be made as durable as one of this high quality machines, but for household use for common sewing repairs and DIY projects, it is perfect. It offers many special stitches and is SO easy to use. I love my new sewing machine."
I did all the research.  I love love this machine!!!  I used to sew a lot of clothes during my college years but have not had the time as of late. At 50 I have the time and wanted to sew again. Very user friendly.
I bought it for my granddaughter and she loves it :). She has already made a pillow and a table runner.
I love this. Just got to use it more. My girls think it is fantastic . II have several projects done with it already
"I had been looking at this machine for some time, and when I saw the price drop to $160 I knew I had to buy it. I am a beginning sewer, and this machine works so smoothly and is so easy to use! I had never changed out a foot or done decorative stitching and this made it so easy. The manual was well organized and easy to read. I would recommend this machine. I have already made pillows, tote bags and begun a quilt!"
it is everything i expected. i am thouroughly enjoying the upgrade from my standard machine. i can do so much more now and enjoy sewing more!
great gift young girls or teens or adults who are starting tosew. great does enough to learn and ply to keep you busy. great deal.
"I read so many reviews about this and was so scared to get it. My grandmother said it was a good deal so i dove in and got it.

LOVE LOVE LOVE it! No tension problems so far (fingers crossed). Easy to use.

Make sure to read the manual first (even me the ditcher of manuals read it) The DVD was helpful in a couple of spots i couldn't understand the written words of the manual.

I would diffidently recommend this to any one both beginner and experienced. (bough mine when it was on sale for $160. Worth every penny)"
"The only thing I have to complain about this is that I did not receive an ENGLISH manual, which makes it very hard to use the machine without instruction."
"I have always had older machines and when the machine I had needed repairs, I looked online to find a new one. I can't say enough about how wonderful this one is.

It has so many built in features and is so easy to use.

The price is fantastic for the quality of the machine and all it's functions.

I highly recommend it."
"Bought this as a gift for our granddaughter who is a beginning sewer.  While it looks complicated, it is simple to use and the extra stitches and letters help keep her interested in sewing.  She loves it!"
"This is my first machine so I am by no means an expert. The features I love on this machine: Push button start and sewing, needle threader, easy to learn, speed control lever, comes with everything you need to sew most projects, comes with extra needles, comes with a twin needle, fast bobbin winding. Manual was/is very easy to understand. Sorry so choppy just trying to remember every single reason I love this machine. Would certainly suggest it for a beginner wanting to quilt or sew. Oh did I mention it came with an optional quilting table."
"I have Bernina machines and this machine sews just as well.
Easy to use, lots of sewing choices to pick from.
Would recommend"
The drop in bobbin and the thread not getting jammed up make this machine priceless so everything else is an absolute bonus.  I wouldn't consider anything else at this point.
"Brand new to sewing, have never touched a machine or needle. Right off the bat put together a vest for skiing made out of fleece (one of the harder fabrics to use I am told). It has it's flaws, but this machine made it such a breeze. I was underway in about 10 minutes after unboxing.

And it's $40 cheaper than the CS6000i with roughly 40 more stitches included. Beginners and experts would both benefit from this machine.

100% recommend."
"This is a great machine.  I have been quilting for a little over a year and this machine is perfect for me.  I haven't tried all  of the stitches yet but I love the speed control, the self threading needles, and the oh so easy bobbin."
Great machine. So far it is working fine. My daughter uses it often and she really likes it. Good buy.
"After visiting my brother and sis-in-law last summer I knew that I needed a Brother. So far it is a dream.

I love that it has a needle down position, can lower feed dogs and speed control. I love the easy bobbin and, pretty much, everything about it.

Being a quilter I did not think that I would need the fancy stitches - they were just a bonus. I have played with them. It sometimes is a drag to have to change the foot for the various stitches but they do look good. I made my granddaughter an apron and hot pads for a cake decorating class she is taking. I put her name on her hotpads! easy peasy

The alphabet is only one size and all caps.

Love love LOVE this machine!"
Everyything I wanted! Haven't had the time to thoroughly try everything but I am taking it one day at a time.
"Love this machine! It's my first but my mom has had several. She's quite the veteran but even she was impressed by my new ""baby"". The DVD it comes with is clear on how to set it up and it's very easy to use! Not intimidating at all :)"
"I was debating between this machine or the CS6000i. Since there was only a $20 difference I figured I would get this one for the extra features. It arrived swiftly and I was so excited to start using it. Now let's start with threading, the bobbin was pretty simple and the manual is really clear. The upper threading was annoying. I am a 100% sure that it was threaded right but it would pull on the need as it passed through, I did it multiple times to make sure it was right. There is no spool cover so the roll of thread on the upper thread is rolling around like crazy and making a lot of noise. As annoyed as I was with the other stuff I decided to test out the machine with a stretchy cotton fabric, this was when all hell broke loose. The straight stitching was not coming out correctly, it would miss stitches. Oh and don't get me started on zig-zag, let's just say a 5 year old can do a better job of sewing than this machine. One last thing, the needle sounds like it's hitting something metal at the bottom and the faster you go the more dangerous it sounds. The frustration and time are not worth it. I should have listened to the one star reviews and looked elsewhere.

Amazon is being amazing when it comes to returning this item. I exchanged this machine for the CS600i and i'm hoping that this will be the end of my search for a sewing machine."
"i am a beginner, and I use this machine for customizing hoodies and sweatshirts. This works wonderfully. It's just what I needed at just the right price."
I've not opened the box yet!  Had no imediate use for it.  Was a good price.  I'll either sell it or get brave & try to sew one day!
"This is a really nice machine.  I am doing more sewing now that I ever have.  It runs smooth.  Has tons of options, way more than I would probably use, and is easy to use.  It comes with all the attachments which are easy to change.
Overall, it was a wonderful buy and well worth the price."
Light weight easy threading and feet are also to switch out love it. Great for beginners and advanced sewers. Thank you
"I was thrilled to find this sewing machine for such a  good price I jumped on it. Shipping was fast and easy, it comes with manuals, instructions and a warranty, all these extra gizmos and gadgets, and I love all the settings. Very easy to use and so far no issues, good quality. This was to replace a stolen 1920's singer and I am actually glad I upgraded. Will recommend to friends."
I bought this machine for my mother for Christmas. That being said I'm not the user of this product but she is very satisfied with this sewing machine. It fit nice into her antique table with only a few minor adaptations. She loves all of the stitch features and the computerized programming and I have been the recipient of multiple garments that I'm fully satisfied with. There are more expensive machines out there but this one is a very good value for the money.
"This is my second machine, the first I had was a handmedown. This machine is so much easier to use, thread, and trouble shoot. I've had no tension issues, a common problem with my last machine. I wish it had a few more embroidery options, but I feel I got what I paid for."
"Very pleased with this purchase for the money spent.  I reviewed many different machines before settling on this one.  I was concerned about tension issues after reading that some had problems, but if you follow the directions closely it is not an issue.  I purchased another brand several years ago and could never get the tension right, so had to return it.  I would recommend this machine for ease of use but with a number of different stitch options.  The only drawback I have noticed is that it is very lightweight--not a problem for moving for storage, but tends to move around a little when using it.  I still think that overall it is a good value."
"Though I haven't learned everything yet, such as the embroidery aspect, the sewing is a breeze and I love it."
I THINK IT WILL DO THE DISHES TOO....IT DOES EVERYTHING ELSE....LOVE IT..LOOKING FORWARD TO HOLIDAY PRESENTS AND MAKING THINGS FOR SOME OF MY SENIOR FRIENDS...
This is my first machine. It's easy to use and came with many attachments. The price was great. Overall was beyond satisfied. Looking forward to all the great projects I can make. This is a great machine for a great price.
"Really happy with the quality of the machine.  It is very easy to use!  I haven't had any problems and don't see having to, but if I did, I would buy it again!"
"Nice machine but,reverse only sews one stich otherwise  it  is a great machine for the money. My wife loves it very easy to work with."
"I have an embroidery machine, so I don't use the letters, but the rest of the stitches are great.  This is an easy to use machine.  I did my very first dress (a colonial costume) and it was great.  They speed, the stitch selection the Button Hole were so easy and really wonderful to have.  I was able to do great hems, blind stitching, reinforced stitching.

The machine is light weight making it easy to move around, the threading is so nice for those of use who can't see the hole in the needle :-) and the bobbin loading is as easy as dropping the bobbin in.  The LCD is great of selecting and adjusting the stitches, such as how tight or for some how wide the stitches are.

Unless you are a professional, this is a wonderful machine and great value for the price."
I used it and I love it.  Video was great.  It is so easy to use. It is so quiet you barely know it is running.
"love this machine, this is my second machine and for the price this machine has not been a disappointment at all...much better then the singer I bought 2 years ago....
love the fast delivery...."
"Purchased for my daughter for her first sewing machine.  Easy operating instructions, and she loves it!

This is well worth the cost!"
"My Mother loves to sew so I had her pick out the sewing machine she thought was the best without her knowing it. Know that she has it she calls me all the time, telling me how great it is..."
"Easy to use for beginners. It has many features including quilting. An excellent value, light and has a great cover."
"Got back to my stress outlet....making quilts.  I had not done this in years mainly because the old machine that I had gotten used from my grandmother was worn out and having major issues.  My husband got this as this years Mother's Day present and he told me that I could not have it until Mother's Day.  He lost!  His biggest complaint though....I have stopped cooking and he ""can't eat a quilt"".  We are enjoying the restaurants."
Great machine and works very smoothly. what a wonderful piece of machinery. It's been a long time since I had a really good machine that does something so many different things. This is one I would recommend to anyone. I'm in love
Had my old Singer for over 40 years. As you can imagine there was a learning curve teaching an old dog new tricks. It is a very intuitive sewing machine and I love it now. No regrets on my choice. I use it quite a bit.
"It's a good little machine. I was happy for the DVD that came with it. I have an old school sewing machine., so there was a learning curve. It is pretty easy. I am just used to a different type of machine. That said it sews like a dream. I've used it on delicate , thick and med weight fabrics. Works great! Self threader is nice feature. Love the top loading bobbin. Haven't used the quilt table or the embroidery settings. I am a costumer for a theatre and have made 67 costumes so far. No glitches or problems.  I'd give it 4.5 stars."
"I was a little hesitant about buying this machine. The reviews were great, but there were some with scary details on how it didn't work on different kind of materials and broken, nesting thread. I went ahead and bought anyway and to my surprise, I've never encounter any problems. I have to mention I'm new to sewing, but learning fast (to the point that I'm getting a serger!) and after making baby cloth (everyone have to start somewhere! :) ) several set of pants (the nice going out ones!) I can say that I'm very please with this purchase. The price is right and don't be afraid of getting the ""used"" ones by amazon, I bought one in ""used"" condition and it looked literally ""new"" maybe the box was a little rough up? who knows, but the deal was great!. Very happy!"
"I am very pleased with this machine, bought it after reading reviews about it, I love the instructional DVD and the owners manual is included. I have always had Singer sewing machines and was skeptical about purchasing a Brothers, but after receiving my machine I was pleasingly satisfied.  Everything was easy as 1,2,3.  This machine is a great product for a beginner like me.  Machine was delivered super fast after ordering it.  Set up was fast and I was sewing within 30min. after watching the video.  I would recommend to everyone.  GREAT MACHINE."
"The machine arrived on time and was exactly as it was described. It was a gift for a person who has never used a sewing machine before, but she was really excited about learning to use it and taking advantage of all the options this machine allows for.

Thanks!"
very light and user friendly still learning how to sew  hahahaha will post more in a later date when try to do something more advance love all the stiches and easy to thread in again no complaints so far
I did my homework in looking for a sewing machine for my Girlfreind and i looked at many other brands all had different features but this Brother stood out as a great buy loaded with features and the price was great I saw this mechine at several sewing stors at $100 to $150 more than i paid ...Great deal......
"I've been searching for a long time for just the right sewing machine and I finally found it!!  Great Price! $89.00 less expensive than buying it directly from Brother!!!  Free Shipping and Handling is a must!  Love all the different stitches and the alphanumeric stitches as well!  Performance is outstanding!  Tried all sorts of different kinds of threads and it works beautifully!
I've been sewing for about 53 years and this machine is the ""TOP DOG""  and I worked with all the brands and Brother is the BEST!!!!"
"I am loving this machine!!
I had an old singer that I decided not to keep repairing and read the reviews on this one and bought it.  The price was reasonable and offered all that I needed without breaking my bank.  I live in Honolulu and was pleasantly surprised as how fast I received my order.  The machine is light and very easy to use. I am still getting use to it and wish I had more time in the day to do so:}"
Very nice machine and it is everything described to be. Great machine for the price! I would recommend it to the average sewing person.
"I sew for fun, and relaxation. This machine is beautiful. Very easy to set up, wind the bobbin, thread, and start sewing. It is very very quiet, and has little to no vibration. The stitching options cover the gamut, and it is super fun to use.  I'm very happy with the functionality for the price."
Easy to pick up and run and never sewed before.  She just graduated from college and now has a new hobby that will provide an outlet for creativity.  Hard to be the quality for the price and features!!!
"I took this machine out of the box, watched the DVD and was sewing the next day. Very easy to use. Love the threader and bobbin system."
"So far I love this sewing machine.  It is light enough for me to carry around, yet not to light that it moves around when sewing.  Once I figured out how everything works, it is very simple to use.  Smooth sewing, and so many different stiches."
"Easy to use. I bought it for my mother for $150 and it worse more than that. She is happy so far. At first she was afraid because it is ""computerised"", but soon she learned that computer makes it easier..."
it is all that they claim it to be. Works wonderful best sewing machine I ever had. so easy and convenient to use
The Brother XR9500PRW sewing machine is a good buy and a very easy sewing machine to use (electronic controls). It was highly rated on sewing machine review sites and here at Amazon. It's living up to all the reviews and more. I would highly suggestion this sewing machine for anyone looking to but one now.
"I've never worked with a computerized machine and I was a little skeptical, but so far I absolutely love this machine. Very easy to use, and although I have used a sewing machine before, this was very easy to learn how to use. Some people complained abut the automatic threader but it has worked for me every time. The only complaint I have is that with some of the stitches it doesn't do great with thicker fabrics, but overall i'm very happy with my purchase."
So fare My wife loves it but we do need to get some thread and spool. if you buy this don't forget to get that other than that its great.
This was a gift for my wife.  She has never used a sewing machine in her life.  She read the instructions and watched the video- and started practicing.  Now she is starting to venture out and do some really cool things.  This was a good machine as it was very easy to understand and use.
"OMG! This is, by-far, the best sewing machine that I have ever purchased! It is very easy to use, that's if you're a beginner! I am an advanced sewerer and it is absolutely awesome! Buttonholes are a breeze! Just set the desired buttonhole, put on buttonhole foot, and....walah!....machine practically makes the buttonholes for me while I sit there and eat popcorn! OMG! Can't say enough good things! It is quiet! Makes perfect stitches! OMG!...did I say how much I love this machine! ...and this is my FIRST computerized machine,,,,,but it will not be my last! OMG!"
"So, I got this machine for Christmas and so far I like it a lot!  I am a beginner sewer with a few projects under my belt and before this machine, I was working with a Singer Touch and Sew from 1966 (which still works).  I love how easy it is to wind the bobbin and it hasn't jammed yet! That was a big problem with my old machine.  I love the many different stitch options and can't wait to try out new and different projects so I can use all the features.  The large table is very helpful with keeping large projects straight.  I also love how easy it is to change the presser feet and that it tells me which foot to use for which stitch.
  There are only a few reasons that I did not give this machine five stars.  First, is because of the included hard case.  While I love the fact that it even came with the case (which is not easy to find in this price range) I hate the case.  It doesn't lock on and just sits on the machine and there is a hole to grab the handle that is on the actual machine.  I didn't realize that the styrofoam in the case is supposed to stay in (because its styrofoam packing material!) and promptly ripped it out.  Then I had to shove it back in and get it to stay to use the case properly.  The case just sits on the machine which I don't really like.  I love that it has the ability to add words, but I don't like that it is just one simple font and always capital letters.  Although, I am happy that I got this feature at all in my price range!  Also, when I was sewing a few layers of fabric it seems like it was working very hard to get through them and was getting loud.  I don't know if this is due to my lack of experience or if I am just used to what a beast my old, all metal singer was.  I am still being very gentle with this machine because it is more plastic then I am used to, but I do understand that it is a new, modern machine and it was not expensive at all!
  Overall I really do love my new sewing machine.  It was a great deal and has so many fun options to play with and use.  There are a lot of presser feet to change out and use and tons of stitches.  I wish it had a better case for transport, but overall this really was my favorite Christmas present to date!  If you need to upgrade and you are a beginner like me you can't beat this deal!"
Great machine for a great price! I bought this for my wife for Christmas. She is a beginner and this machine is very user friendly.
"So far, love it.  It was a really great price. Lots of stitches. Easy to use. Even the needle threader works."
Im a part-time quilter.  This machine is all Ive ever wanted. Ive still not used all its features yet. What a fantastic machine!!!!!!
"Ton of options and seems to be an easy machine to operate, the few acc that come with are a nice addition."
"I love this machine so much i just ordered another for my best friend. It is easy to use, the directions show you everything simply. You need to just go slowly but once you master the basics it's the best ever. I highly suggest this for any beginner,and even to a novice. The computer  is enough to make it easy but not too much to get all confused. The small letter funtion is wonderful as well. 5 stars from me!"
"I am a beginner, so this machine fits my basic needs. Note the monogramming feature makes 1/4 inch size letters."
"I really can't say enough about this machine.  For the money, it has a lot of bells and whistles, yet it's easy to use and not intimidating.  Since Christmas (8 days ago), my daughter has made herself a dress and several outfits for her little sister's American Girl doll.

The feet change out easily, and it sews like butter.  My daughter has tried out the zipper foot, the button hole foot, and the embroidery foot.  They all work very well.  She has also attached the quilting table, saying that it makes managing material while she's sewing easier.

The automatic threader was a big hit with her, too.  Plus, she loves that it's computerized. For the money, it offers quite a few stitches.  She has experimented with a few of the decorative stitches, and it has done well.

I got the Brother Enthusiast last year, and paid twice the money for it, but I wish that I had gotten this machine instead.  It sews better.  Plus, I love that you can store the accessories in the storage compartment on the front of the machine.

My daughter loves it so much that I now have to limit her time on the machine.  It's all she wants to do now."
This was such a great deal we had to get it as a gift at Christmas for our daughter...we'll post later if anything comes up but so far she's very excited!!!
"Have not used it extensively yet, but early indications are that is is a good machine. No problems. Easy to get started."
"Loving this machine. Bobbin winding is a snap. Threading is very fast and easy with the threading system. Have used it for countless hours sewing blackout lining and thermal lining to add to my current drapes and it tackles this with no problem despite sewing through up to 8 layers! Would not attempt this with heavier fabric, of course, but I am quite impressed so far."
I love my brothers machine I've made placemats and napkins and making a lot more. This machine is the best.
work like a dream  for the moneys what i pay for it Thanks what else can you get $$$ for less
"I have used my sewing machine for about 3 months now, on multiple projects. It is very easy to handle once you have read the manual . I love the extra attachable table it comes with, for bigger or bulkier projects. The hard cover is also a great feature, I can simply store my sewing machine on the floor, table or cabinet, and grab it whenever I need it.

I recommend this sewing machine because is all you need to get started with sewing!"
"Just used this a little bit so far, but from what we can tell... problems with jams that other reviewers talk about may be due to misuse. We've discovered pretty quickly that you need to know what you are doing with the combination of which needle to use for what kind of fabric, how heavy your thread is for what type of needle and type of stitch and how much tension you have. This actually seems like a very good machine for the price, just don't expect to be able to be an expert without putting in the time to use it properly."
I have little to no sewing experience and I found this to be very easy.  I couldn't believe it. I love the instructional DVD -- My first project went off without a hitch.  Also I was concerned that it was going to be very loud and keep the house awake at night when I enjoy some peace and project time.  No one has complained or mentioned the Sewing Machine.
"It's a great tool and my wife loves it and can't stop using it.
It is one of the best things I have ever given her"
I bought this for my daughter-In-law for Christmas.  It is a very nice looking machine and seems well made.  She was very happy with it.
This machine is great. I was concerned because it looked a bit flimsy but this baby's got some power. It is very smooth and easy to use. Strongly recommend.
Got as a Christmas gift for my wife. Was everything she was looking for in a new sewing machine and more. She loved all the built in features and how easy it is to use
"I love this machine.  My old machine was a 20 yr. old Brother.  The only negative is that the plastic parts are pretty fragile, but if you don't abuse the machine it should be fine.  I am a fashion designer and make my own designs (including cashmere wool coats) and this machine can do it all.  I have not tried the monogram feature and probably never will.  For the money you can't beat this machine."
I'm not a knowledgeable sewer but was willing to try.  The video helped me get through some things and once the Holidays are over I can get back to learning more about it.
"I bought this for my daughter after having one myself that I love.  My only dislike is the arm to do cuffs and such.  I wish it was smaller.  My old brother had a very small arm and I wish they would have kept that, this is a little large.  This came with a free quilting table that hooks to it which is very nice.  It also monograms."
Works perfectly. Wife enjoys this machine daily. So far she's had no complaints with it and I believe she would go with another one if needed one day.
I really enjoy this machine. It was easy to setup and the best part is it has an automatic needle threader. This helps me out a lot since I always have to put a piece of paper behind the threader to see the needle hole.
New to sewing but this machine has been really user friendly.  Glad I went with this one and it was a great price!
With in a few minutes had it up and running. Got a project done in less then 12 hours. I am teaching my self to sew so it help with a good machine to work on.
I bought this product for my niece and she really like it  As she said it's useful and friendly ..
I am concerned that most of the pieces are made with plastic. And I think if more enhanced embers would be much better than it already is.
"I ordered this machine to upgrade my basic Singer sewing machine. I had been taking sewing classes for months and was struggling with many sewing techniques. However, once I got the Brother Project Runway machine my life changed! It is super easy to use and saws beautifully. I extremely recommend this machine."
Great machine. I love all the quilting settings and the quilting table. The machine allows me to customize any item I want with the lettering option. The different speeds selector keeps you at the speed you want. No more accidentally pushing the petal down too hard.
"I have never used a sewing machine before so I had absolutely no clue where to start or what to do but the DVD that comes with this machine really explains in detail how to set it up and then has replays!

My mother had been sewing since she was a kid but stopped sewing when her eye sight was not good.  Well, I took it over there to show it to her and I showed her how this machine threads the needle for you!  She could not believe it!  Even though she has a brand new Singer, she asked me if she could borrow my Brother so she could get some of her sewing done!

This machine is very easy to use and does a great job!"
Ease of use and so far seems to be working great. It was a reasonably priced. Thanks for making it available online.
"WOW!!!  Great machine & quick service!!!
I have not sewn for years, never really liked to
This machine makes it easy & fun"
"Very diffacult to adjust the thread tension, would have expected to be able to sew right out of the box.  At best the stitch is poor."
"It is good machine but the simple basic stitch is not working .
It is very loose and the quality of sewing with that stitch is very poor."
"My quilting instructor has one and remarked about how light weight it was. I wanted a light weight machine to take to class, This machine meets all of those requirements. I can leave my larger more expensive machine in my sewing room, at home."
The machine came the next day and was packed just right! A+++ otherwise - I would like to return this sewing machine. It does not do what it was supposed to do Quilting. I believe it is a defect just on this machine - It does not sew through heavy or thick material. Please advise what I need to do to return this product.
"Love this machine!  Moved up from a basic Brother machine after it died, so am enjoying the bounty of built-in stitches. I'm a casual sewer and love it for project work. You cant beat the price and all the additional attachments and goodies included. Hope to be sewing on this for years to come."
"After using my mom's 1966 Singer for several years it finally gave up on me (in the middle of a major project I must add). After talking to friends who described the Brother brand as a ""workhorse"" I found this one and bought it.

I watched the DVD which was included as others recommended. The video is wonderful, guiding you through set up as well as all the stitching options. The sewing machine comes with everything you need, including all the presser feet, bobbins and extra tools.

With an hour of watching the video I had completed my project, changed color thread twice without needing to watch the video another time. It has an easy drop in bobbi which threads itself. There are several areas which cut the thread for you (such as the area where you are loading the bobbin as well as the where you drop in the bobbin so you don't have to worry about leaving out an inch of thread). No longer do you need to thread the needle by hand either, there's an arm which does it for you YIPPEE!!

There are so many stitches with this machine it's unbelievable. When you select a stitch it even tells you which presser foot to use and changing the presser feet is as simple as pie! I had no difficulty sewing my daughters name with the font stitch.

I can't say enough about this, it's like going from a Model T car to a Lexus!"
"The sewing machine was not packed properly, the box was shipped in the sewing machine box only and it was damaged when I received it. I have been under the weather and have not had a chance to open the box up to check to see if the machine is without damage and works properly. Hopefully i will be able to open the box within the next week to see if it is damaged.  I really appreciate your inquiring on customer's satisfaction when purchasing through Amazon.  Thank you so much"
I cannot feel my feet and after reading the feature that the machine can sew without using the foot pedal I was sold. I am enjoying this machine.
looks like a nice machine and its light weight. it only comes with a cover not a case. I have used this machine several times and found that if im not going as slow as turtle on my decorative stitch it messes up big time! also ate a few hole in my latest project. I have no idea why? it does monogramming but is very tiny at 1/4 in. over all I like but this is my first machine and I don't really know what im doing.. it took awhile to figure how to use the bobbin winding system but I think im good w that now. after I figure out what im doing wrong I think it be a great machine.
"I have the other Brother electronic with the ""puppy door"" insert for a photo, that I brought about 4 years ago for about $125 new. Everything about that machine had  features and stitches EXACTLY like my Husqvarna Sew Easy and Emerald, plus a 25 year warranty. Think about the meaning of this. So, if you are an entry level sewer this is a great value and if you are experienced this is another great value for an extra utility machine. I use the Brother more than my Husqvarna Emerald, because I can use very low cost presser feet on it. Goldstar out of CA sells a walking foot for $10 and free shipping. For $10 more than the other Brother Runway, you get the embroidery alphabet-- that's where the 30 extra stitches come from over the 70 stitch machine--it's worth the extra ten dollars--oh, and don't forget the sewing table.  The button for needle up, automatically causes the foot to raise ever so slightly to pivot. There is a wavy stitch line that I expand and use all the time for a decorative stitch over my seams rather than stitching in the ditch. I would never buy a non-electronic machine again and have to turn hand wheels. granny67"
I've made several items with my new machine now and I love it.  It's so easy to use and fun to work with.
"I have had this machine for several weeks now and am only just learning how to use it. I was so scared to even get it out of the box because it is digital and I knew I would spend hours trying to figure out how to even put in the bobbin or thread the thing. I finally faced my fears, and yes I had to keep looking in the manual, but I absolutely love this machine! It took like 45 minutes to get started and I still have to do test stitches to find stitch lengths and stuff but it is very much worth it. I'm sure in no time at all I will be sewing away and not have to look things up. The machine is lightweight and easy to move. The manual is a lifesaver and easy to read and find things in. The machine is very quite ( I can still listen to music while sewing and don't have to have it cranked). I would recommend this machine to anyone who is wanting to go digital but is nervous about it. It has a lot of stitch options which is great and the price is very reasonable for a Brother sewing machine. Thanks for taking the time to read this! Happy sewing!"
"Disapointed-- had to return machine twice with the same problem .
 Needle threader stopped working after two weeks use.
 It was a  very easy machine to use and very quiet. Also it has 100 decortive stitches that stitched out beautiful.
Brother needs to correct the needle threader problem. Other than that- it is a nice machine for a good price,
with all the features it has. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy  to make sure the customer is happy with their purchase.
  Joy H. Ohio"
"I like this machine as a back up.  Being a person that does a lot of commercial sewing, it's okay.  For a beginner, it would be perfect.  For a designer that need to carry their machine to shows for last minute alterations, it's perfect.  It's light weight for carrying and it offer a lot of stitch alternatives.  Does pretty good button holes, and it's monogram is easy to operate. I've had this machine for 1 year now and use it almost everyday.  I have  not had any problems out of it so far.."
It was everything stated in the ad.  I am very pleased with this sewing machine.  It was easy to setup and to use.
"I didn't think i would like it so much, i just wanted an interim machine until i got my old elna su fixed. so i got some muslin and put it through it's paces... man sewing machines have come so far,
 I can baste with it; using the raise/lower foot button.
I can go super fast or super slow (very good for specialty stitching).
i can use the controls on the front of the machine instead of the foot pedal, which is really quite nice, and gives one far more control. It feeds the fabric very very nicely, easier to control fabric.
It really has 140 stitches,
I love the  stipple for darning...
I could just go on and on and on....
it even comes with a hard plastic case to protect it from dust... I LOVE this machiine and urge you to try it... :-D"
"Well, I travel and use it and the specifications showed a picture of a wheeled, covered, carrying case.  I got a case that is hard and it doesn't even lock at the bottom as my old babylock did.  if you don't hang onto the unit and the cover, it will FALL!!! I am disappointed.  False advertising.  I want and need the carrying case!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I purchased this to make sorority quilts and hats for cancer patients. Works like a charm! Sophisticated, but directions are easy to understand. It is more than I need, but I look forward to learning!"
This machine is an excellent machine for the price....just push the button and away you go....easy use for beginners and expert alike.
"whe won't write the review herself, but she is amazed at this machine. she used to sew on one 20 years ago, and really likes the ease of use and features of this one."
"The Brother Sewing Machine w/100 stitches has been working fine.  I have not had it too long, so I have not had time to try out all the features it has.  The threading was a breeze, I did not even have to check the book because it is similar to other machines, but has fewer places to hold the thread.  Even the needle threader has worked for me. (My old machine had one also, but I was never able to get that to work).  I do not have good eyesight and most of the things you need to check like stitch width, length, etc. are in a larger print than usual so that is a plus for me.  I am anxious to try out all the new stitches and accessories.  So far, I am happy with my purchase.  K.Z."
"My granddaughter (10 years old) is interested in sewing and I wanted to get her a sewing machine that she could learn on and have a machine to last for several years as she advances in her sewing, if properly taken care of.  I've been testing it and am extremely satisfied with the machine's capabilities.  I have a 7550 Pfaff that I bought new several years ago and swear by, and  the Brother's capabilities are very similar.  I've been testing it for 3 weeks and am completely satisfied with it.  In fact, it would make a wonderful second machine for classes and retreats.

I took a chance on buying it at a discount through the Amazon warehouse.  As it turned out, the machine looked like it had never been used.  The only drawback was there was no power cord in the box.  However, I purchased a ""generic"" Brother power cord through Amazon and it fit perfectly.  So the machine was such a tremendous value, that the purchase of the cord was not a concern."
This machine works like a charm! Super easy to use and understand. I had never sewed before and had no problem figuring it out. Awesome machine!
"This machine is a perfect carry along machine.  I purchased mine 15 months ago and it died today.  i would research other machines but I don't want to purchase the feet again.
My main machine is a Bernini but its too heavy and too expensive to take to class.  Im not happy with Brother and how they DONT stand behind the brother product however- for $200.00- It is what it is."
Didn't know they made machines with button functions as well as foot peddle. Sew from wheelchair so buttons are a dream. Have sewed for 60 yrs pushing foot peddle with hand or elbow! This machine would work well for most sewers. More stitches than most sewers will use. Button hole foot great. Did buy an addition light to augment built in light. Great price.
"Great machine for the price.  Does all the stitches including the lettering  beautifully.  This is my second Brother machine.  The first lasted 5 or 6 years.  It was probably my fault that it died, because I quilted on it and didn't clean out the bobbin area until too late."
"I've only used it for a few small projects, but it works like a dream. Compact and doesn't take up too much table space."
I have had my other sewing machine for 30 yrs. It's such a pleasure to be able to just push a button and start to sew. Easy to follow instructions.  Have wanted to learn to quilt I see this machine will help to create my projects. Would definitely recommend this machine for any kind of sewing.
"i have wanted a new machine for a long time, then i found this one and you can't beat it for the price. i'm very glad to have it , the one i had before couldn't do half the things this one does."
"So far easy to use, even for a beginner! Would recommend to everyone. I also love all the additional accessories and stitches that come with/on this machine."
"Honestly, I'm beyond happy.  I feel like a girl in a candy store!!  Kidding aside, this old girl has learned a few more things from this sewing machine."
"First let me start by saying that this is a great sewing machine, especially if you are on a budget. Its not the cheapest and its well built with lots of stitch options and a monogramming option. Its easy to use, and comes with a DVD on how to set up your machine, including how to thread the machine if you are a beginner. The reason I gave this 4 stars is just because I wish I had known that you cannot purchase more monogramming styles, basically it comes with a very basic monogramming font and thats the only one you will have with this machine. I wish that I had spent just a little bit more and purchased the machine with more monogramming options."
as far as I can tell in good working order when I got it but in short wile letters not working
"I am a beginner with only had sewing experience. I wanted something more than a basic machine, but not so professional I would have great loss should it not work. This machine is very intuitive, and easy to figure out and learn. It comes with visual and word instructions that are simple and easy to understand. I have not had any issues with needles breaking or any other part of the machine after making five bow ties."
"I had a singer for over 30 years so was a little skeptical about buying the Brother but this machine does everything my singer did plus.  So far I've done quilting which is much easier than I thought it would be on the machine, have sewn denim hems which it handled better, buttonholes turn out beautiful - the old machine only had one type and this has many more to choose from.  The features the machine offers does everything I want it to.  I would recommend this machine to beginners to people who have sewn a long time."
"Pretty and cool little thing :)
Has so many stiching options and the Alphabet Stiches are adorable - Hope i will get a chance to use it in one of my ptojects.

A+++++"
My with loves her Brother sewing machine.  She has never watched Project Runway but this one was a smidge cheaper and came with the extra stitches that she enjoys.  A great little machine.
"Love having a new sewing machine!  My old one is .. Well, ""seasoned"" at best...I got my Singer sewing machine about 35 years ago, and it finally quit moving forward....so time to either haul out my mothers 40 year old Singer or get a new one...I could not be happier!  I will admit that getting a machine that was ""computer-oriented"" intimidated me, but I have overcome that and realized it is a good thing.  I quit sewing many moons ago, but can't use the excuse anymore of my ""baby interrupting me"", since he is 32 yrs old now.  All humor aside, I am VERY happy with my new machine and would definitely refer anyone to get the same brand.  GOOD CHOICE!"
"I love this machine. It is a great price for a very easy to use machine. I grew up around sewing machines, ( my mom at one point had 12 new and or collectible), so  I know a lot about these machines. For my first machine I am super happy with the ease of use. The only down side is the embroidery is a little sloppy but that may be just a user error.  Love it!"
I had a machine that kept breaking and/or we went for a Brother as we heard of their ease and dependability. This did not disappoint.
I've worked with many different models of sewing machines and am very satisfied with this machine.  I teach sewing classes and would recommend this machine to my students.
"Didn't want to spend a fortune for a new machine. This will work nicely for repairs and craft day.
I've always used Singer but based on all my research, Brother is a better machine for ease of use and durability.
So far so good."
I haven't as yet tested it on challenging items but everything I've done with it has been great.  It is easy to thread -- both top and bobbin --  and the special stitches have come out nicely.  Good price and easy to work with.
It is a good upgrade to my moms old sewing machine. I have put it to use and really like it.
"I bought this for my girlfriend.  It won't break.  She probably puts in 15 to 25 hours a week on this machine, predominately quilting, and it's still going strong.  Glad she likes, stupid sewing machine."
This is my favorite sewing machine so far. I took it to my sewing class and was so impress with everything. (So easy to use.) Everybody raved about it. I love how simple it is to use. The monogram was not all that great. I don't know what it would be use for since it can only sew these small letters. I wish it had an adjustment to make the monogram in different sizes. That would make so much sense. Other than that I would had gave it a 5 stars.
"The XR9500PRW has so many features for the cost. Sews exactly as the manual states with ease.

Highly recommend this machine."
Bought this for my wife and she loves it. She has two much larger machines that do embrordery but this little machine is great in our camper. It's light weight and medium size makes it perfect to move around. It's well made and of quality material.
"For the price I payed , it's a great little machine to drag to class and sewing gatherings. It's not very strong but for piecing it does the trick. I love the  decorative stitches it has ."
"This machine is rock star quality.  Great features,  it comes with the most important foots's needed to complete most tasks."
I love this machine!!! I'm so excited to learn all the new stitches I will be using. Great price also. I hope I have this for years to come!
"My Singer 2010 & 2001 died. I had to drive 90 miles to an authorized Singer to get it fixed. Couldn't fix and the bill was $85.00.

I looked at the Brother and it had all the options except the drop in bobbin winder. It was a whole lot less expensive then my Singers.

I am super pleased and wished I'd found it sooner. I really liked the CD that came with it for operation instructions.

Happy to sew again."
Bought this for my mom for Christmas. She has used it multiple times sewing fleece blankets. She has not complained about anything. Definitely worth the money.
"I was hesitant to purchase this machine because I had previously owned a top of the line Viking and loved it.  Unfortunately it would have cost $500 plus tax to repair it.

Have used the Brother for a week now and am thrilled with it.  It runs smoothly and does everything I require of it."
"Great value and a great machine! I've had this machine for over a year. (+ a CS6000i for 7 years.) I originally purchased it bc I saw the beautiful satin and blanket stitches it does for appliqu&eacute; quilting on a friend's brother machine, but stayed with it for the great features. This machine has all the features of a $1000 machine for a fraction of the cost! It's very, very easy to use. You can have it up and running out of the box in 5 min.s. All the threading directions are right on the machine so you'll never forget. The manual is great. Read it. It has a troubleshooting section that can help you figure out problems (which are almost always Pilot Error :o) ) It comes with all the accessories and feet you need and if you ever buy more, they are affordable.
Features I love:
auto needle up/ down -I would never be without it,
auto needle stop down (or up, your choice),
needle threader -so much easier than threading by hand, slower speeds for beginners,
easy bobbin threading including a thread cutter and not having to pull the thread up before you sew!,
large work table,
thread cutter on the side,
thread cutter on the bobbin winder -wrap wrap wrap cut -so easy,
wide range of needle positions -so important.
I use class 15 Metal bobbins (has stopped thread tangling on the bottom issues), singer or organ needles (oddly, they work better than schmetz), and gutermann thread work's beautifully (but I use coats and clark too.)
I also like how the XR9500 will change needle position in #1 (different from cs6000i) and that you can set the machine to turn on at 0 (needle position left) or 1 (needle centered)."
"I purchased my XR9500PRW 4 months ago and have made several baby quilts out of cotton as well as flannel baby rag quilts. For quilting it's awesome! I absolutly love my new new brother XR9500PRW. Keep in mine I've only sewn on two old singers one a mid 50's & mid 70's.

The only thing I miss is the weight of the machines. I think once I get my brother set up in my sewing cabnet and then I probably won't notice ; ) I've used my brother on all the stitches, monograming, buttons & holes, zippers, dresses, quilts, iPad tote, purses, wallets, sewing caddys, diaper bags, hemming, joining, and my favorite new feature I have never tried to use on the old singers is the overcasting stitch : ) Other then it's overall weight, I totally love my XR9500PRW!!!!"
"As an entry level sewing machine, this is the way to go. Works well, and provides a variety of stitches and accessories."
"Intermittent issues with the stitching since day 1 - confirmed I'm doing everything right, taken to the local brother repair shop twice, STILL doesn't work and sick of begging to get it fixed. I will not be buying from Brother again."
"I spent hours Reading the reviews and comparing this sewing machine to others. Finally settled on this one and am so glad I did! The features of this machine are awesome. Love that I can do decorative stitching without having to use the foot pedal. The needle up and down button is a great tool on this machine. Threading the machine and the needle couldn't be easier. The drop in bobbin is another great feature, Would highly recommend this machine to any beginneror moderate sewer or one who is using it for crafts."
I was looking for something good for my grand daughter for her birthday.  I had been teaching her how to sew on a tiny first sewing machine.  It took a few months but I found the BrotherXR sewing machine.  I liked that it had all the bells and whistles that she might need over the course of her sewing life.  I would buy one again if I needed one.  THis one works like a dream and seems very easy to follow the directions.  It was packaged well and arrived safely.
"A friend ordered this machine and liked it very much.  Going on her recommendation, I bought 2 machines, one for my use and one for a dear friend.  Delivered in a timely fashion and can't wait to start a project so I can juse this electronic machine."
"I've had the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XR9500PRW-Limited-Edition-Project-Runway-Sewing-Machine-with-100-Built-in-Stitches-Quilting-Table/dp/B005GXPOAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XR9500PRW Limited Edition Project Runway Sewing Machine with 100 Built-in Stitches, Quilting Table</a>&nbsp;for eight months now.  While I have never used a sewing machine in my life, including this one, I have been designated to write the review by the machine's operator.

This machine was purchased so we didn't need to visit our local dry cleaner/alterations store whenever any clothes required alterations.  At our last visit, prior to this purchase, we paid $30.00 just to alter a jacket.  That was the straw that broke the camel's back.

Now, with this machine, alterations are a breeze, and we've found plenty of other uses, in fact it has been put to use over a dozen times since we bought it. It's very handy. Frankly, before the purchase, I was skeptical about the quality of this machine, when compared to the more expensive machines, such as models from Singer.  Well, my fears have been allayed, as it has worked flawlessly.

The only problem we have encountered, (which was not a surprise, since we read it in previous reviews before our decision to purchase), is the machine does not do very well with thick fabrics like denim.  However, to buy a machine that would handle demin with ease would entail spending a lot more money, and that it not something we wanted to do.  With that limitation in mind, we give the machine 4.5 stars!"
"I love everything about this machine.  It is easy to use, forgiving of mistakes, and while I could nitpick about this or that I would overall give this machine a solid A.  It's just what I needed and delighted to have it."
"THIS IS MY FIRST BROTHER MACHINE. I LOVE THE FEATURES, BUT HATE THE CONSTRUCTION. THE SOLID, PLASTIC  FRAME STRUGGLES ON SOME STICHES AND FABRIC."
Never liked to sew because never had a machine that worked longer then 20 min.  Love this machine so easy to use and works great.
It does everything and more - the price was the kicker. Great price for all it does - love the monogram feature..
Love this machine.  Had not gotten a new machine in many years.  This machine is perfect.  Great for a beginner or more experienced seamstress.
Super fast shipping. Ordered on a Sunday and it was delivered on Tuesday!!!! Great sewing machine for a new to moderate sewer. Love it! I have been making all the cute things from Pinterest with this great machine.
"Love this machine- great for beginners!  Easy to set up, easy to use, and the large variety of stitches is nice to have in case you're in the mood to explore new techniques and design."
"This was my first sewing machine purchase and I think I made the right choice! It is so easy to use. It comes with all the basic essentials to start sewing. At first I was scared it would be hard to thread but it was a piece of cake! The only reason I gave it 4 star is the quilting table is short. I would have liked it to be a little bigger to help me with my bigger quilting projects. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase. Well worth the money!"
My first new sewing machine in over 30 years. It hreads itself.  It comes complete with various attachments.  Light weight and easy oh so easy to use.
I couldn't wait to get this machine and I wasn't disappointed. My old Brother is over 20 years old and was usually cranky about what thread manufacturer it would be willing to use. It sometimes took me hours to get the tension right or oil it----again. What an improvement this machine is. I took it out of the box-read the book and was sewing within 30 minutes. So many stitches and all the ones I have tried are smooth stitches. It does not need oiling and only minimal cleaning. The bobbin case is easy to set up and setting the tread tension was a snap. It may take a few tries to get used to using the auto threader but you could just thread it manually. A lot of the parts are plastic (that's why it is so light) so treat it accordingly  All in all this is a great machine for the price.
"I just started taking sewing classes wanted a user friendly machine.  Very easy to use and comes with so much accessories that I'll learn to use one day.  I chose this machine because if it's good enough to create those wonderful designs in Project Runway, it's definitely good enough for me.  I made a buttonhole for the first time ever self taught with the user manual and it was perfect.  It comes with a cover which is a plus as well."
I like it a lot. It has so many functions. The only bad thing is that I can't find a tutorial to use it. The DVD doesn't give you a lot of info and I didn't find any useful videos or books in the internet. I wish I have more help to use it.
"I was disappointed that a piece is missing off the automatic needle threader. Having a hard time finding the walking foot for this machine , or should say one made by Brother and the 1/4 foot is not what I wanted.  I wish the extra feet were  interchangeable
but it does a great job so far in the small amount of sewing I've done. ."
"This is my first attempt at using a machine. I am a 51 year old male and have no prior experience. I just thought I'd master this sewing thing before I die. That being said, I love the ease of this machine. I was sewing in minutes after watching the info CD. If you are a novice take some time to learn about the basic sewing tools, buy them before you get started to avoid frustration. Only a few bobbins are included. Buy more along with thread before starting. I bought all the basic thread colors to start with and made bobbins. I used almost all colors already. By a yard of muslin and spend some time trying all the stitches. I followed youTube vids to create different stitches while I was using the machine.
Overall I am satisfied. Since December I have made repairs to clothes and upholstery, and even altered some clothes."
This is my first machine. I guess I have nothing to compare it too but I can say it is a very easy machine to use! I am more than pleased with it and so glad I purchased it. My cousin who sees used it and said it is just as nice as her $400 machine!!
"I like the machine for its lightweight making it good for taking to my quilt club. I was frusterated with the thread spool pin. My thread kept getting caught around the pin and causing the thread to break. After about 5 times in half an hour, I went into the sewing store where we were meeting and bought a table top spool holder with a thread guide uptake. Problem solved, but that was another $12. I have only used the machine twice because I have a Brother Innovis 4000D that I use at home."
luv it. so easy to use. luv the quiting board. the free arm could be just a little smaller. I am msking baby clothes. and the cuff are really small.
"The Brother XR9500PRW is a nice machine - one thing I do not like is the long metal piece to hold the needle/change needle - it keeps getting caught on the fabric.  I like the 3 speeds - the automatic threader is a bit tricky and one has to have the needle in the correct place or it will not thread.  I'm getting used to the threading of the machine - You must have the thread up in the highest area before bringing it back down so one has to be careful about that.  I have sewed two layers of denium and it sews thru it without any problems.  The variety of stitches are many and can choose one easily.

It is light to pick up and move.  the cover included is good if one is not transporting the machine.

It came well packed and didn't take much time to set up.  With the DVD to supplement the instructions, it helped with beginning procedures."
"I have used my new machine a lot, and I am reeally enjoying it.  I would recommend it to all sewing levels"
The machine meets the description given online.  It is easy to use and CD very informative as is the user manual.
Love love  the machine. Love the multi stitches. Sews a real good stitch and love all the different things you can do with this machine.
"This machine has been sitting in my Wish List for YEARS. It went down to an amazing price and I immediately purchased. The array of stitches on this little guy, it's like what every experienced sewer dreams of!

The machine itself has a ton of accessories, easily clips together in every way, has great storage inside the base, the quilting attachment is quite sturdy, and it's very simple threading. I couldn't ask for a better machine! I'm incredibly happy with my purchase."
"I brought a Singer, very very unhappy. Pcaked it up the same day to send back. Even tho I did not get my Brother XR9500PRW from Amazon, I think that this Brother machine is great.  Was able to start sewing right away with no code numbers popping up. Just quick over veiw and was on my way. VERY VERY HAPPY.  Would recommend this to others."
"This machine worked for about a month before the light flicked out and entire unit started to smoke. Sure, it's under warranty but there's no way a new machine like this should have started to smoke? The Brother service department had no interest in speaking with me and simply referred the problem to a local service center. The instruction manual is poor and the support on the Brother website is incomplete. The CD that came with the machine wouldn't play on the PC or DVD player."
"New to sewing. Wanted versatile, easy to use machine. Read great reviews, saw Amazon price, ordered. Got it very quickly. Set up using DVD. The threader was a little quirky, but figured it out. Practiced on scrap fabric, then made a simple curtain. Machine is a breeze for a beginner. It seems that it will meet any needs I will have- to graduate to eventually making western shirts. Thank you Brother and Amazon. Telling all my friends at senior center."
"Havn't usedit much till now... I was impressed by the amount i used it to mend a few garments... Like it so far. I have a few projects lined up.... Will give a much detailed review after a few big projects... S far have not found anything to dislike.... I give 4 stars coz i have not used it much, i like it so far."
I used it 3 times and it broke. It sounds like its flimsy when it's pulling the fabric through and the bottom stitch is lose even after tightening the tension. Bringing it to local fabric shop to fix but awful so far.
"So easy to use and very lightweight.  I do keep the manual near me so I can take full advantage of all the features.  The only thing I don't like - the cover! It's fine to just keep your machine covered but it is not good for carrying.  Also, there was styrofoam in the top of the cover with nothing indicating if this was meant to stay as additional protection for the machine or was to be removed.  However, the machine itself works wonderfully!"
I have diabetic nerve damage and do not have good control with my fingers and have a hard time seeing. I'm new to sewing and my biggest fear is threading the needle. This machine is PERFECT!!!  Load the bobbin AND the upper thread is so simple. I'm learning to sew and this machine is great!!  If you are a beginner like me I would recommend this machine. The added benefit it has drawings on it to remind you how it works! I've been using it about a month and NO problems. If you are a BEGINNER to sewing this is the machine for you!!  Good luck!!
"I am new to sewing-been learning on an old Kenmore at my mother's house which is completely different( old school style) This machine came with DVD which is super helpful. You can start sewing right away with the guided dvd no problems. The foot is super easy to change out. Even my daughter (younger teenager) picked it up with no troubles -we both could monogram right way & created fun stitches like hearts & leaves etc... Such fun! Way cooler then having only a few stitches to choose from. Comes with enough accessories that the only extras I bought was a sewing gauge, good scissors, a bobbin holder & extra bobbins. It's light to carry & I love the extended table. It works great for larger fabric to help hold the weight a bit. I'm hoping this machine will last-only time will tell though. So far we're loving it. I highly recommend it for beginners -so easy to learn on this one. :)"
"The wife loves this machine, and has a lot of fun with all the designs. Now she has no excuses when the mending needs done, and I don't have to whip her as much."
"Excellent product!! I bought it for my birthday, it arrived on time and in excellent condition/packaging. I'm having so much fun with my machine. It's easy to use and I would recommend it to anyone! I give it 5 stars :)"
Nice and Quiet. People are jealous because it has an automatic threader. I love it because it helps my backstitching better.
Bought this for my daughter for a starter sewing machine.  She loves it.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a starter machine.
My daughter asked for this machine for a Christmas gift. She is very happy with it since it is just what she wanted.
I am happy so far with my new sewing machine. It's user friendly. I like the self threader. Can't wait to try out the many new stitches. I feel this was a good value.
"Wife likes the machine very much ,replaces an older Brother machine that was passed down to granddaughter. Would recommend to others."
"I received the machine, then realized there was no power cord. It would have been easier to just have the cord shipped, instead. I had to get a whole new machine, then return the original without the cord. Seems it would have been cheaper and easier to just get a cord.  Am using the machine and enjoyiing trying all the stitches."
"First of all, I am about an intermediate, to advanced seamstress.  I have sewn many things over the years.

I was given the Brother CS-6000i for Christmas.  It had defective parts.  I contacted Brother and they were not much help.  All I needed were replacement presser feet because what was included was defective.  Brother was telling me all about thread tension and could not see that I knew what I was talking about.  It was frustrating.

On the other hand,  Amazon has been amazing!  This was a gift and Amazon tried their best to make my experience with them the best it could be.  Amazon did not fail!

After much browsing, I was able to settle on this one for its features and price. I have this as a replacement machine and I couldn't be happier.  I started using it right away when it came home.  Once I fixed the tension and made sure I have threaded properly, it ran very well.  It is a quiet and fast machine.  The LCD has a backlight that helps SO much!  Also, the LED lighting makes things brighter, too.  I hemmed jeans without difficulty.  I sewed buttons and the back of them looked wonderfully clean without a lot of looping that I have seen from other machines. I sewed on some sheer fabrics as well.  I was pleased with how well it fed through and did not damage my material.  I even tried out the basic monogramming on a foam insulated lunch bag.  No problems at all!  No problems feeding fabrics at all.  I am loving using it!

I am looking forward to completing more projects with this machine.

My machine came with an instructional DVD (this is better than the instructional manual) AND a see-through open toe quilting foot that were true bonuses because these were not listed in the original description.  Once you watch the video, for the threading and start up, it is easier to refer to the written manual for future reference.

I am appreciating all the time that Amazon took to make sure I was satisfied with my gift."
I had a bad experience with a singer machine and I had to return it. Then I bought this and I am satisfied with all the things you can do! I recommend this 100%
amazing machine which has many features which make sewing much more easy. wish I would have invested into this sooner
"The last time I used a sewing machine was 30 years ago and it was a Kenmore, a good machine for the times. The Brother is a totally different machine, so light weight, fairly easy to use, although I have not used everything offered with this machine. So far there have been no problems, albeit I have not made buttonholes with it yet and that was always a problem for me on the old machines. I would recommend this machine to anyone who had the slightest interest in sewing or someone who made a living as a seamstress. Hopefully this machine will stand up as well as my Kenmore did....time will tell."
"My husband gave it to me for my birthday and I am delighted.  I had previously been using 20+ year old machines that were hand-me-downs from grand/step parents.  This machine is SO easy to thread!! it's simple to understand and use.  I have had very little, if any, difficulty with it.  My only real complaint is that Brother has not made it very clear what accessories I can use with it.  I struggled to find the right bobbins and I decided to take a chance on a teflon presser foot (luckily it seems to be good).  I would like Brother to be better about listing this model in it's compatibility charts/ listings.

I have tried out the specialty decorative stitches and the lettering.  They are both good - but you have to be careful as it's likely to mess up when you have a thick seam to sew over or if the fabric may not cooperate.  I had tried to sew on some loopy fabric and found it was a problem (loops caught on presser foot) which then messed up the lettering I was trying to sew. (I think this was mostly my fault for choosing a fabric that was not ideal for the application I guess). The other thing I would change if I had a magic wand - I would have the machine accept a memory card or something to expand it's fonts and letter sizes or something.  I suppose I could have gotten this out of a more expensive machine though and when it comes down to it, I am delighted with what I have in this one."
"I returned the first one of these machines I had bought because it was not doing the decorative stitching consistently and was leaving slight gaps in the stitch.  I returned the first for another one that was the same exact model. The second one did the decorative stitching a little better, especially when used on thick materials, and it seemed okay. However, after one and a half small projects of basic stitching, I'm still noticing gaps in the stitch. My thoughts are it is user friendly and has great options but I'm not sure performance is up to par with what I would like to use on a regular basis. It can sew through thick materials like a dream, but on light weight fabrics it just doesn't handle them well."
I bought this sewing machine for my daughter for Christmas. She has made two aprons and a rag doll. She is now working on a pencil skirt with a knit top. It is easy to operate and the instructions are easy to understand. She loves it and it was worth every penny! I
"This is the first sewing machine I have ever purchased and I did buy it due to the good reviews and the lower cost compared to similar models. And I am not dissapointed! I've owned it for just over one month and so far I love it. Very easy to use once I got the hang of it, the manual and instructional dvd are both very easy to understand and very informative. I love all the different stitches and the monogramming (although very basic) is still very cool. And I haven't had any problems with the tension that apparently some reviewers have had. I haven't used it on any super heavy fabrics yet, but so far it works like a dream on light weight to medium fabrics. All in all, I'm so happy I purchased this machine and would definitley recommend it!!!"
"I am very, very pleased with my new machine.  It has been a bit of a learning process - my first electronic machine and the ability to not use a pedal, but use your hand instead. It is quiet and smooth running and does not grind when it first starts as two others I looked at before buying did.  I am excited about all its capabilities."
"Just what my wife wanted. Easy to use.
Cons: No manual to carry with her. She isn't always near a computer."
"I was very excited about getting this machine- compared to my first machine, this thing has all kinds of bells and whistles. When I tried out the decorative stitches, I was psyched. And it seemed to sew so quietly!
But then I actually started sewing...and anything over med/low speed results in a loud banging noise. That's not a great description, but essentially it sounds like the needle is hitting the needle plate or the feed dogs or something. At first it was just when sewing fast, but after a little sewing, it progressed to happening at med speed.
I'm upset. I like the machine, but I can't figure out where the noise/impact is coming from, but I am sure it's not supposed to be occurring.
Further, the needle plate, like the rest of the machine, is plastic, and does not sit securely on the base. It snaps out to clean underneath, but it does not stay firmly in place when snapped back into place- it jiggles a little.
Until I can contact Brother and get some help, I can't give this machine the 5 stars I'd wish it to have."
I am not a great sewer but have gotten into machine appliqueing.  This machine is so much more than I ever expected  and I am just thrilled with it.  Grea purchase!
I LOVE this machine! Have been sewing for 45+ years and this exceeds all others I have purchased. So many options my head is spinning with ideas. Highly recommend this machine.
I love Brother products. However this machine started making whirring sounds after 6 months of use. Letting it rest before using it again. Will write more after...but satisfied with the product
This machine has all of the features I wanted and then some. It is a great value for the price
"I opened the box, read the manuals and started sewing within 20 minutes. The drop in bobbin is fantastic, the machine runs so smoothly & I love the start/stop button. The needle threaded took me a few minutes to figure out and I don't think I'll be using that feature."
"I would definitely recommend this sewing machine.  Has many decorative stitches
and they sew perfectly.  Machine is lightweight and easy to use.  Love it."
It is a smooth running machine and is easy to set up and running. Enjoying it and am glad I purchased it.
Love the buttonhole and button sewing options.  The only problem noticed so far is that it does not take thick fabrics very well.
My son bought me this for my Christmas gift and gave it to me a month early. I have been enjoying the heck out of it. My old machine was purchased back in 1988 so it's been a while. Love this machine so far.
I love that it does so much! It's a great value. It's hard to change the feet and some times it gets jammed. Nothing major and it's very easy to use. The letters that are tiny and some doesn't connect the way they should be it's all small stuff that you can work around. I'm sure once I've had the machine for a while. I'll work around it just fine.
This is a xmas gift.  It is a perfect gift for a first time seamstress.  I'm sure she will like it.
"This is the second Brother I have had.  I love the needle down feature, the easy threading, and the variable speed stiching.  Haven't tried all the features yet, but am looking forward to it."
I love it!  It's a quiet running machine and it works wonderfully!  I am glad I bought it.  : )
"Having retired my 45 year old Husqvarna , I needed a machine that could be used for craft projects and general sewing.  My Brother machine has so far been perfect.  It sews smoothly, quietly and consistently.  Features I appreciate are: mechanical needle threader; three different styles of sewing  table for small, medium, and large jobs;  variety of available stitches; light weight; and comprehensive easy-to-follow instructions.  At a very reasonable price, this machine is great for all but the most serious of projects.  With a lot more plastic parts than I am used to, it remains to be seen how durable the Brother will be over time, but for now it has earned my hearty recommendation."
"It's not a Bernina, but price point, it's awesome. Especially for beginners like me! It was recommended to me by a cloth diaper maker (she upgraded long ago) and she assured me this would be perfect for all my needs!"
YOUR DELIVER WAS SO FAST THAT I COULD NOT BELIVE IT. YOU ARE AN AMAIZING TEAM AND ITS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND WAS REALLY SHEAP.
"I've only used it for about a week but it works very well.  No issues using different stitches, doing button holes or sewing buttons on.  The instructions lead you through the steps very clearly as well."
I bought this item for my daughter. she ahsbeen sewing ever since. She has made christmas presents for her friends and co-workers. She loves it.
"I've only had my machine for a couple months so far, but I sew A LOT and have used on about 30 projects already.  Overall it is a great machine so far, I love how quiet it is, how easy it is to switch between stitches and how it handles all different thickness of fabrics.  I only have a couple complaints so far, in the description it says it has an automatic upper and lower thread cutter, it does not, pretty disappointed about that.  Also, the letters only have one size, 1/4"", which really makes them pretty much useless, but I didn't buy the machine for those, just thought of them as a great bonus, so it's not a huge deal for me.

This is a great machine for the price, missing a couple extras that I was hoping for, but at 1/4 the price I can't complain too much.  I'm hoping it will continue to put up with me over using it, but so far it's great."
"This is an amazing machine that has exceeded my expectations! There is a bit of a learning curve to the letters, but it's not too bad. This machine is so quiet, and the stitches are beautiful! There are just so many options on this machine, that I can't simply choose one. I have actually recommended this machine to several friends and family too. The extended table is perfect for the things I sew, and I love all the bonus feet that came with it, especially the FMQ foot. ;)"
"This machine has been great so far! I am an amateur. However, I feel quite accomplished. I have been able to repair my husbands military uniforms & make Halloween costumes with little issue. I am very pleased with the XR9500PRW. The only ""problems"" that I have run into have been the head space & thread catching & jamming. I can't fix the head space issue but the thread was an easy fix. My thread was a pretty heavy duty thread. Just use the right thread at the right tension & it will work perfect!"
"The Brother XR9500PRW is a real step up.  I have another sewing machine without any bling, but as my sewing evolved I wanted a machine with quilting abilities and decorative stiches.  After a lot af research I chose the 9500, and it is great. It has a top loading bobbin, speed control, can sew heavy duty fabric and across thick seams easily even though the machine itself is lightweight.  There are many other handy features, one being a quilting table.  If you are thinking about a new machine in a moderate price range, I highly recommend the 9500. My learning curve for creating purses and totes has skyrocketed."
"I have a 1976 Bernina 830 (that was my mother's) which I absolutely LOVE as well as 1988 Bernette 234 serger for most of my serious sewing.  I wanted a back up machine for various parts of projects when a second machine would come in handy.  Recently I made a pair of jeans and whenever it was time to top-stitch, I switched to the Brother machine.  I was able to use a 6-mm double needle with contrasting thread so I didn't have to unthread my Bernina and swap out the needle every time.  It probably saved at least 90 minutes overall, which was part of the plan.

I like the fact that the machine is light enough to take to classes I teach or take. (That is is the ONLY drawback of my Bernina!) My concern about the lightness of it is will it hold up for a reasonable lifetime?  TBD.

The machine sews well--no skipped stitches on anything I've tried so far.  It took a bit of trial & error to figure out how the needle position works, which may have been avoided if I'd read the entire owner's manual before operating the machine as they recommended--riiiiiiiiiiiiight!  I haven't used many of the bells and whistles yet. The feature I was most interested in was the built-in alphabet, which makes monogramming possible.  I realized in hindsight that they never showed a picture of what the letters looked like, and I see why now.  They aren't anything special, and certainly not like the ones available in true embroidery machines.  But then those typically run in the thousands of dollars, and this was under $200.  All in all, not a bad machine for the money."
"bought this machine after buying a singer soul mate,there is no comparison in the quality of these machines. the brothers leaves the singer in the dust. singer very cheap made. the brothers is a very good machine . I have sewed for 50 years. I do a lot of quilting, I like to machine applica, this one does really good work. would reccomend it."
"I haven't owned a new machine in over 20 years. This machine is basic but has lots of features.  I was surprised at how easy it was to set up.  I am still having an issue with the ""self threading"" but all in all it is a real good machine.  Because I do not have a designated room or table to set it up on I like the fact that it is light weight."
I purchased this machine following a friends advise on what features I would need to quilt. This machine had every thing from the adjustable speed to needle up down and much more. The machine is very to use and just an all around great machine at an exceptional price.
Struggled with 50 year old Singer for years; finally bought this Brother. Should have bought it a long time ago.  I am sewing again and loving it. The needle threader is awesome! Push buttons so convenient.  Total and complete recommendations with no reservations.
"After a couple of failed attempts with a different brand I tried this Brother machine.  I love it!  It has no trouble with various thicknesses.  I hemmed jeans and it sailed smoothly over the seams.  I have used quilting stitches and serging stitches and all have worked beautifully.  I love that I can adjust it to sew fast!  My only problem is when I sew very fast with a lot of backstitching.  Sometimes this will cause the thread to loop in the threading process, but I just rethread the machine.  I recommended this to my daughter, she bought one and loves it as well."
"I purchased this machine a couple of years ago, and can't wait until I can afford something else.  I use it primarily for quilting and sewing crafts.  It often skips stitches and when you sew seams it starts to bunch.  Making purses and tote bags with this machine is impossible it will not sew through the layers of fusible fleece and cotton.  Not worth the price you pay.  My sewing friend also bought a different model Brother and has some of the same problems."
"I did my research and based on what I had read, and the price I decided to purchase this sewing machine. I have to admit, I have not sewn in over 10 years and even then my mom helped me thread her machine. I watched the DVD and followed very closely. I started.sewing today at 4pm and it is now close to.midnight. I have already made 2 pillows, a trim for a baby cardigan, 2 buttonholes, and a blanket for my daughter. Soo one pillow and the baby cardigan could be trashed but I have actually impressed myself with the rest! It really is easy!! I wish there was more. To play with regarding the fonts and size, but I am not complaining!! I didn't want to spend more then this in case I realized I hate to sew.. but I.love it! Seriously.buy this.one!!
Oh and I haven't had it jam.once. I was worried after reading some reviews but I read that it was caused by cheap thread. I went to. Jo Ann fabrics and bought their cheapest and its fine. Just don't buy from Walmart I guess."
"This machine has been great!  Easy to use, comes with lots of accessories.  Highly recommend it to those advanced sewers and those just learning to sew."
"I bought this machine based on the reviews I had read and the great sale price; I had never used a Brother before but I am more than pleased with how it's working. I've used it thus far for baby products--burp cloths and blankets--and with flannel and minky fabrics. I have also used probably ten of the fun stitches and they have all turned out so cute!

Very happy with this purchase and can't wait to tackle more projects; next up, a ruffled crib skirt and a bench top cushion!"
My first machine was a singer futura900. I was heartbroken when it broke. I researched for weeks when a friend finally recommended this machine. I love it. It's great for my at home seeing projects !!
"I ordered this as a birthday present for myself and have used it to make a few dresses and such for my daughter. Before ordering, I took lessons at a local shop and thankfully didn't forget all I'd learned. But even if I had, this machine is ridiculously easy to set up and use. And for its price, it comes with an awful lot of nice extras. The foot pedal, the quilting platform and the seam ripper (ha!) have all been put to use.

As I work my way up from pillowcase dresses into more complex fitted garments with buttons or zippers and fitted sleeves, I expect to put this machine through its paces but I don't expect to come up short. I spent a fair amount of time researching machines from Singer, Brother and Janome (among others) and for what I had budgeted, this one had the best set of features and quality construction. And unless I read wrong, it has a proper metal frame to reduce the likelihood of chassis flex leading to stitching errors or mechanical breakdowns. Solid as it is, i expect it to last through years of occasional projects!"
"I purchased my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Brother-XR9500PRW-Sewing-Machine/dp/B005GXPOAM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Brother XR9500PRW Sewing Machine</a>&nbsp;last November when I decided I wanted to learn how to sew.  It was in the price range I was looking at so that if I decided sewing wasn't for me, I wouldn't feel terribly guilty for the purchase.  Thankfully, I am loving my new hobby.  My machine sees some use at least 3 days a week.  It definitely does everything a beginner needs, while having enough features to grow into for a good while.  I've completed several projects, some of which have been rather complicated, and this machine has been a trooper.  It's quick and easy to set up and easy to use and I am very pleased with my purchase."
"I ordered this because most reviews were positive, I was hoping the negative ones were flub-ups. Boy am I sorry now. It arrived swiftly and I set up to use it. I went through the decorative stitches and loved it, played with the tension and stitch length-width (not always true to the label, but close). I had no problems for about a week. Following the completion of one project, I set out on another. It would not sew more than three stitches without a error message appearing. The upper thread was caught on something and jamming the needle.
- The neck is so low it makes working under the plates nearly impossible. You have to hold the screw driver sideways to unscrew the plate.
- There is a ""peg"" from the plate that if the plate is shifted will snag the upper thread as it engaged the lower. Fixed this.
-Went to sew, still catching and making a mess out of the project. I can't figure it out.

History: I have been sewing for 13 years and have serviced my own machine in the past. I know what I'm doing, and this machine really disappointed. I will exchange if I can, I hope it's just this individual machine. I like the features, but the cramped arm is killing me."
"I've owned several sewing machines over the years, including a Viking machine which my daughter ""borrowed.""  I bought this machine to have one light enough for traveling, but with a good variety of stitches.  I've used it most recently making a handbag out of heavy duty denin and was pleasantly surprised how well it handled even several thicknesses of denin or strapping.  If I have any negative, it is that the machine is too light.  If it's not placed on a sturdy table or cabinet, it tends to bounce.  My daughter and I were sewing together on a folding table, but when she removed the much heavier Viking, the Brother bounced.  I finally had to put the Viking back on the table just to hold it down."
"If you looking for sewing machine, this one is the best. It comes with DVD.Easy to use. I can sew all day whit this machin and not get tired."
"I was surprised to find such a nice machine for about $200!  The machine arrived, ready to sew.  I pulled it out of the box and immediately started testing the stitches - there are so many it took awhile to go through them.  The best part of this machine, imo, is the choice of buttonholes... there are several and with the buttonhole foot (included), they are beautiful every time.  I am very pleased with this purchase."
"I purchased this machine 2 years ago and loved it for a while. After 2 years it broke and I bought a new one instead of going through the hassle of customer service and repair, (I may still repair the old one). It just stopped sewing one day and giving the error message. The gears were grinding against something you could feel and hear metal against metal and no amount of oil, cleaning, adjustments, etc, would fix it.  We will see if the new one breaks quickly. I like this machine and used it 2-3 times a week, so it had heavy use.  It does not go through thick quilting layers well though, but I did not use the walking foot yet. Overall a good machine. Will update review if the new one breaks or I get the old one repaired."
"As a sewing beginner, I was not sure I should get a Brother sewing machine. I had been using my mother's Singer (Athena) for the past few months and really liked it, but it was a little out of my price range.  I decided to get this machine for some of the features and the excellent price.  There are a few things that I like more than the Singer.  First, the drop in bobbin.  I was used to having to pull up the bobbin thread on the Singer and have quickly gotten used to skipping that step.  Next, the speed adjustment switch.  It keeps me from sewing too fast at times and I can set in on the lowest speed when my daughter is sewing.  I love that the hand crank has a mark on it to show where the needle is in its highest position.  But you don't actually need that since there is a needle up and down button. It was also new to me, but I have quickly learned to use it and appreciate it.  I find the light is very good, the machine is fast and quiet. It was very easy to set up and begin to use.  I chose it over a few of the slightly lower end Brothers for the hard case and the table, which are both useful.  I think the features I mentioned earlier were even more beneficial to me.  Finally, there are more than enough types of stitches. The monogramming feature works easily. The feet are easy to change, and the digital display tells you which foot to use.

Finally, I will say that the needle threader on the Singer is unique--you can do it with one hand.  This machine's mechanism is slightly more difficult, but now that I've mastered it I've not threaded the needle by hand even once.

This machine is fantastic!  It has renewed by interest in sewing and seems to be a quality product that will last for years.  I will update if I have any significant issues with the machine."
I have just retired and started quilting.  This machine does everything I could ask for and more!  My sister recently spent $1000 for a machine that doesn't perform as well as this one.
I recently purchased this for my wife and had it up and running within 10 minutes. There are so many different options for stitches that I think it will take months before she actually gets around to trying the many options available. The first runs worked flawlessly. The extra benefit of the large table helps to make the handling easier.
"I am loving this machine! I also have a Brother PQ1500s which is much heavier and I use it for quilting. THis I use for my binding and any decorative stitch as well as apparel sewing. The extension table is wonderful as is the instruction book on using the monogramming. It feels very ""light"" when sewing if that makes any sense. The price was right and I definitely recommend it."
"The machine came promptly and was exactly what I ordered. The functions it has are quite nice and I have already used it for several dresses!  It has been awhile since I have sewed, but one of the things I disliked the most was threading the machine- This machine, has a really wonderful system that practically threads itself and makes changing out your thread so much easier!  Happy sewing!"
I have just sewed a few times on this machine and I have found it to be a smooth sewing machine.  I did try every stitch and it did great on each one.  I am anxious to get more sewing done on this to see how it handles thick material.  I especially liked the needle threader since that was what I was having a problem with on my older machine.
"Okay, the Project Runway part of this machine means nothing, but it's fun to see it on the unit since I love the show.  I'm a guy and total beginner, and I found it really easy to use.  I love the chart on the unit.  I'm not referring to a guide constantly.  The built is screen is great for me to adjust settings. I have monogrammed shirts and other items. Name on my gym bag.  But then attempting to make actual clothes was scary but I have made basic items so far.  I started with making napkins, the put cool borders on etc.  I only started with scrap fabric from old clothes, and made things like an oven mitt with old jeans. etc.  If you're a pro, it might not be appealing, not sure, but as a beginner, it's great.  I would even suggest for a kid with guidance.  I bet they would do better than me in less time.  Comes with a case to keep the dust off, as I am sure it will be one of those things in the closet, but not yet."
"I am a moderate beginner and this machine is very complicated for me. I have been able to accomplish everything I wanted so far, with much consultation of the manual and DVD. The big drawback of this machine is the spool pin. It is very flimsy plastic and sticks out from the machine so it can easily get hit. In my situation, it broke off as I removed it from the carrying case. You cannot sew at all without a spool pin. I returned it for a refund. I will look for a brand that has a metal spool pin that does not stick out from the machine."
I love my Brother machine so I bought my daughter this one! she loves it!
It was a gift and she in in love with it.
Gave this to my daughter as a Christmas present in 2016 and she loves it. Exactly what she asked for.
smooth and works well on everything I used it o so far.
"We haven't had the time to use it until yesterday, my daughter and wife couldn't get it to run. I looked at it and made sure everything was correct, we kept getting Error 6 codes! Took it to JoAnn Fabrics and they said there is something wrong with the motor ! The knob for manually moving the needle is way too tight !"
my wife is very happy great product
I like the sewing machine. Carrying case not what I expected. It is loose fitting-goes over the top has no bottom to protect the sewing machine.
Best specs for money. I buy to my daugther in Puerto Rico.
