"I've got very tiny hands and my knuckles are larger than the area my ring actually sits. So when I got my engagement ring back from the jeweler after being sized, I noticed the ring kinda moved around; like it slid from side to side and flopped back and forth when I moved my hand. I was very afraid I was going to lose my ring due to how easily it moved on my finger so I asked the jeweler if they could possibly take it down a little more. She put one of those metal ring guards on my ring showing the size the ring would go down to if I sized it again and I could not even get it over my knuckle! So, resizing my ring was deffinitely not an option! I had them take the metal guard off because I didn't want it to scratch the band (which they do!) and went home thinking the flopping is something I would just have to get used to. Well, I couldn't get over the fear of thinking the ring was going to fall off my hand so I googled ring guards and came across these plastic ring noodles. I order the set of 3 Petite size on a Monday and had it extradited (1-3 days) and it arrived 2 days later (on Wednesday). What a sigh of relief! My ring sits on my finger now exactly how I was wanting it to and it doesn't flop or slide so all my worries of it falling off are gone! And I love the material these guards are made out of! They're plastic and rubbery, so there's absolutely no way they will scratch your ring and they're so comfortable I can't even tell it's on there. I also love how they're clear so it's not noticable you have a guard on, you can't even see it unless you're right up on it. I also like how the guards are removable because with it on, I can't get my ring over my knuckle to take it off so I have to take the guard off, then my ring. And the material it's made out of, it doesn't slide around on my ring, it grips it and where it opens and closes, no matter how many times you open it to take it on and off your ring, it goes right back to a perfect close. This is the perfect item I was looking for and would recommend it to anyone! I just wanted to point out there are different size Ring Noodles depending on how big of an adjustment you need on your ring so make sure you order the one pertainting to your need. I ordered the Petite because my band is thin and just needed it so my ring would stay in place while on my finger and not slide or flop around. And EZsizer was a wonderful company to buy from =) They're very professional and the product was exactly what they showed and they processed and shipped my order same day."
"I recently lost a bit of weight and noticed my wedding rings were very loose. I would have them re-sized, but I still have some weight to lose and figured I needed an alternative for the in-between stages. I decided to give this product a try, and I've got to say I'm glad I did. I've tried other similar re-sizers, but they were a bit too thick & uncomfortable for me to wear regularly. This petite ring noodle is just about right. It's slightly uncomfortable at first, but it only took a day of wearing it to get pretty used to the feel of it on my finger. I do feel that my rings are much more secure and I like that I can go about my day without regularly feeling that I need to check that my rings are still on my finger. I'm glad I decided to give the ring noodle a try."
"I love this ring sizer.  It is the perfect solution to my constantly spinning wedding ring.  It is easy to put on and it is not bothersome at all.  I tried a larger sizer at first, which I did not like at all.  This is a wonderful product and I am so happy to have found such an inexpensive way to adjust my wedding ring.  I highly recommend it."
"While a bit more visible from inside of hand. It works well.  My ring is probably 1-2 sizes too big andi am able to wear ot and not worry it will fall off.  Tried other ones,  they really didn't work."
They're uncomfortable and rigid. My husband didn't even want to use it.
"Its just cut pieces of tubing. Too thick, not very comfortable on the ring - tossed them in the trash.
My (much better) fix was to take an inch or so of brass / gold color hobby wire in a couple of turns on the ring - problem solved.
For a few bucks the spool of gold colored wire will do hundreds of rings - a lifetime supply."
The different sizes weren't that different from east other.
"The ring sizers came in various sizes, but none of them fit onto my ring securely.  The kept falling off"
"I only received one ring noodle in my package, not the three that were advertised. I would have been fine with that if it was the one I really needed......."
"great value, i like this very much, I would order again."
Just okay. I had a hard time getting the ring on with the noodle on.
Fast shipping! A+++++
"My husband got me a upgraded ring and its a size 6, it was a tad bit big and I didn't feel that I needed to take it back to the jeweler to get it resize.
I bought these and they work great!"
I found another brand that covers half the ring that works better for my finger.
You get what you pay for. I would not recommend this.
A simple solution to an annoying problem.
"Ive lost 180 pounds so my ring became loose. Didnt want to have an expensive gold ring chopped up until I get to final size and may not then with the price of gold. Needed something to size it down. Those vinyl spring like things that twirl around the ring looked uncomfortable, so thought Id try these. They do a good job downsizing, but you really have trouble washing your hands with it on...holds soap underneath, keeps trying to roll around ring...Im very active with my hands. Became uncomfortable to me after awhile."
"They just don't work.  The don't stay on the ring and are very difficult to even get on a ring.  I am not returning them it's too much trouble.  Don't waste your money.  Buy ""Bling Guards"" and Bling Dots.  They work amazing.  Don't bother with these."
"I have skinny fingers, so rings are always so big on me. These will be perfect"
"Split apart relatively quickly, but served its purpose for the shot occasion."
"I have had this item for several months and recently bought another set because I lost the size I like. These have really come in handy. When I was given my ring, it fit perfectly, then winter rolled around and my fingers SHRUNK and my ring was slipping off all the time. I thought long and hard about getting it resized and decided not to do it since I know my fingers will swell again in the summer. This ring noodle solves the problem. I cannot feel it. I cannot see it. It is stable and easy to use."
"It worked for a short period, my ring still spins."
None of them work on my ring..wasted my money on two different types
"More annoying than anything really. Feels just like you would expect if you had a piece of rubber running wedged under your ring. Its also not very sanitary when washing hands as it creates places for germs to hide. I know this because I took my kids to a science museum and they had a science exhibit where you rub this clear lotion on your hands and then go wash your hands like normal in the restroom. Once finished washing and drying like normal, you return to the exhibit and place your hands under this machine that shows you where you missed washing by illuminating the remnants of that invincible lotion.

Lost the picture I took but it very clear that the ring noodle was a little haven of dirt/grime.

Outside of those things  it did hold my ring in place."
ok
"These are a life saver! My skin is extremely sensitive to any kinds of temperature fluctuations, so depending on the time of year my ring size can vary at least 1-1.5 sizes at any given time. During the winter I don't do anything without these noodles, during the summer I store them away. It's great that they're plastic, too, as I can trim them down so they don't scratch against my neighboring fingers."
ring noodle fits perfectly.  keeps ring from sliding off.  I love it.
Love them! Came fast
Felt uncomfortable and didn't do what I needed.
Love ring noodle.  I have purchased the wrong size by mistake and they sent me a variety size pack to find out what works for me at no cost! Thank you!
DO NOT BUY THEY SUCK N THE SIZES SUCK
I love my noodle! I had to trim the size a bit but that's to be expected. Gave it only 4 because the edges are a bit sharp and uncomfortable which is why I trimmed it. Excuse my picture. It's a bit dirty from wearing it daily for a month and a half.
I had trouble keeping it on my ring.
"Terrible. They look stupid, they don't work, they get super dirty. They continuously move around the ring - won't stay in place. Save yourself the time and money and annoyance and don't bother."
"I purchased the package with 3 varied ring sizes, mini, petite and narrow. Only the petite goes onto my engagement ring. Unable to use the other two, which is unfortunate because the noodle thats a little fatter would make my ring fit the most snug but it is impossible to get on."
"Id give this 0 stars if possible. This is quite possibly the worst product on the market. Its uncomfortable, bulky & impractical. I will throw the whole package out because theres no way to make this work. The plastic is so thick & bulky that it catches on everything, not to mention its so incredibly uncomfortable. Please save your money & don't buy this!"
"I purchased these to put on my ever-so-slightly too big engagement ring. I have thin fingers, but they change depending on the weather and since it's currently winter, I needed something to keep it in place when my fingers shrink. I use the smallest size and it works great. My only complaint is that it tends to slide around on the lower band, but it is nothing a little fidgeting can't fix. It keeps my ring up right on my finger, but it can get twisted if I wear it at night. I try to take off my ring when I wash my hands, and I don't wear it in the shower, to keep the majority of the moisture off of the ring noodle. I would definitely recommend for those who do not need to adjust a full size but want something to get your ring a little more snug."
Keeps coming off.
"I have ordered ring noodles before with no problem, but with this set, which I only recently received, I've already had two fall off my rings and disappear."
Just what i needed!
I have to buy rings a few sizes to get passed my large knuckles. These work for me.
"Too thick, made my rings SO tight that i could NOT get them on. Returned Immeditely"
Useful item
"I love these, they do not hurt your finger and they are easy to get on/off the rings. There are different parts of the year when my fingers shrink so these come in handy cause I can just slip it on and off as needed. It also is handy to keep my rings in place so that my engagement stone is not off to the side."
It does work!
For wide bands like my mens wedding ring it just doesn't work.
It fit on my ring but it didn't really add any bulk to size it up. Also very uncomfortable.
"Didn't work well for me, fit was still off.  May try to get another brand."
This kept falling off my ring.
Bought a few different kinds for my mom to choose which brand she liked. She ended up using the clear kind that twist around the bottom of your ring. She hasn't tried this one yet because she was afraid it wouldnt stay on her ring when she washed her hands or was active. (Shes a very cautious person) but she did say that this kind felt soft & comfortable so I gave it 4 stars anyway.
GREAT
Bought several of these to see which model worked best. The spiral one is easier to put on and stays in place better.
too small
Works perfectly for my engagement band. I find it comfy and an easy solution for my lose ring issue.
Big noodle is too bulky
I tried to make my own and it just wasn't right.  This is perfect!  It's easy to get on and off as my fingers decide to swell or shrink in the heat and cold.  I may try the one size bigger as there is a slight gap in the noodle when it is on my ring...but I love it and highly recommend it for fingers like mine!
"I was using ace bandage type stuff for years around my rings, and then I finally heard about this. So much better than constantly having to replace bandages when they get wet or dirty (which was like all the time). The plastic doesn't irritate at all, you really can't tell you're wearing it. They sometimes get soap stuck in them when you wash your hands which isn't a big deal, just be careful if you take the noodles off to clean them, I lost one down the drain lol. I've had these for about 6 months and so far so good. I plan to buy a 2nd package for some new rings I'm getting."
My husband upgraded my ring which I'm obsessed with. He got it sized to my ring size which is a 5 but I'm lost weight from being sick and even a 5 was alittle loose on me! I'm hang the petite and it's perfect! Doesn't move around and doesn't let my ring move around also!!
Ring still did not fit and it kept getting caught in things
Just wheat I needed for my ring! Didn't want to resize it quite yet and found these. Just bummed the noddle somehow fell off during a vacation. But was great well it lasted!
These work pretty good.  I will use them often.
"While this in theory ""fits"" around a 8MM ring, it doesn't sit flat and is not comfortable for use. I tried cutting it down and it still wouldn't work."
Seemed like a good idea.  Just didn't work at all.  I have lost some weight and tried the product on 2 different rings.  Would not stay on the rings and was very uncomfortable
Garbage garbage garbage. DO NOT BUY. Clunky ugly and doesn't fit well at all! Got a 8mm tungsten carbide ring and this cheap piece of plastic I could've make myself for pennies. Please save your money. I should've used tape.
"The Noodle does indeed make your large ring smaller so that it fits better, but at a cost. As others have noted, the sharp edges on the Noodle can irritate your finger, or your palm / other fingers, depending on how the tube is rotated. I was able to ease this a little by trimming the corners a bit with small fingernail scissors.  What I couldn't fix was the fit on my wide, thick ring.  The tubular shape works well on small, round-shaped rings (like a woman's engagement ring).  But larger wide, flat rings don't work as well - you need a large Noodle so that it will fit onto the ring, but then the tube either will not close all the way (too small) or has a big clumsy gap between the round Noodle and flat ring.

All in all, can't recommend it."
"I tried another ring adjuster on here that was like a spiral noodle looking shape, the smallest one was too big for my ring which is just a smidge too large. This ring noodle was a much better fit. I just wish it came w/ more than 1 small b/c now I have others that I won't ever use & I'll eventually need another small."
Can't get it to fit.
Great item
Best product ever to hold my rings off from falling. I tried so many other products and found this to be the best.
"I love them! I hit return button by mistake. They fit my rings
 perfectly."
Wouldn't stay on.
These work but for me it feels bulky and my husband says the same thing. Easy to use but a bit costly for the little bit you get.
"Not form fitting, sticks out too far, and gets caught on everything."
Have worn now for six months without problem. Makes ring a bit snugger and does not trap water or debris. Good if you wear your rings on different fingers.
"Worked perfect for a temporary fix until I can to the jeweler. I needed to go from a size 7 1/2 to a 5 and this did the trick perfectly! I had some of the older versions of this type of product and they are pretty stiff, rigid, straight and somewhat uncomfortable to wear.  While the ring noodle is firm, curved like a ring and pliable so it conforms better to the ring, your finger and is a lot more comfortable to wear. Highly recommend product."
Great product...my husbands ring fits much better now!
Don't get your money's worth.
"Use the twisty tie off of a loaf of bread, wrap it around the bottom of the ring, and cut it to size. LOL  Save your money"
I absolutely love the ring noodle. It is an excellent ring guard it's not metal so it doesn't cut into my skin and it stays in place no twisting or turning like the metal ones you get from the jeweler. Whoever thought of this hard plastic did a fine job.
I have a very petite band on my engagement ring and the smallest size noodle fits it perfectly!
did not fit or work well.
My ring is a little too big but I do not want to resize it right now. This product is easy to attach to my ring. Does not feel there is anything on the ring when I wear my ring. Good quality. Works really well.
Doesn't really work.
"These are great i theory, but water gets stuck in and under them, and if you wear if for more than a few days, it loosens up and begins to come off when you wash your hand or move too much. The sides were also very uncomfortable and cut into my finger."
Perfect to have my husbands ring fit
This is the best ring sizer in my opinion. Comfortable to wear. I will definitely be purchasing these again.
"I've lost a lot of weight but still have more to loose so I purchased a Ring Noodle a while back for my wedding ring so I can wear it until I'm ready to have it sized. It finally disenigrated because I wore it so long. I ordered a cheaper ""similar"" product to replace it and it was awful. Big, bulky, too short, and very uncomfortable.  After I lost the 3rd one I reordered the Ring Noodle. It's smooth, long enough, comfortable amd stays on no matter what I do. I highly recommend this product!"
"Too small, did not keep my ring straight or snug, and they kept falling off every time my hands were wet (hand washing, dishwashing, swimming, etc.) Don't order if your hoping to keep these throughout daily activities."
Great product
These fit my husbands ring but it just felt uncomfortable so we had to go to the jeweler instead.  Soap would get caught in there as well.  Just not a great product for daily wear.
"Worked great. Tried several different types and the Ring Noodle by far was the best. When compared to the cost to have a ring resized, this fix is really inexpensive."
Worked very well for me!!!
These work really well and what's nice is they're curved like the ring so you don't even notice you're wearing one. I know have other family members using them
Good product!
"I don't like to say hate, but these ring sizers were a joke!!!  They took some small tubing and cut them in different sizes and call them ring reducers. They did not even have slits in them to put them on a ring. They would be too thick or thin to even get on back of ring. You are better off making your own or stuffing wetted paper inside top of ring like I was doing before."
"I was very disappointed in the ring noodles. At first, I thought I was really going to like them, but after wearing them for a day, they fell off and I couldn't find them anywhere. Definitely not worth $8 if they fall off your ring after only wearing them a few hours."
"I ordered this Saturday and got it in the mail today (Monday). I had bought a ring size reducer at walmart on Saturday and it was bulky and straight (which seems stupid to be used for a ring shaped object). This ring ""noodle"" fits around my ring perfectly as well as comfortably on my finger. Feels very secure and does a great job sizing my ring down 0.5 as advertised without being very visible. It is great for the price!"
After having my engagement ring resized once I decided not to do it a second time so I opted for this noddle ring. Fits a size smaller now and it's comfortable. It's a soft clear plastic at first but it gets hard with wear. There's three different sizes in the package. I used the smallest noodle.
They pop off entirely too easy. I have now tried 2 of the 3 sizes and lost 2 of 2. The 3rd size is too big for my ring. Trying a different version. I liked that this was flat and you couldn't feel it but did not stay on the ring.
Terrible sizes. The plastic is so thick that it is uncomfortable and supper visible. I would not recommend.
This works very well- I will continue to use and buy. The three stars are for the fact that the plastic really hardens after about 6 months. I will continue replacing.
Works well
Did not work at all on my thin wedding rings.
Works great! Perfect size for my tiny ring.
"Feel bulky on my finger, even after I trimmed it."
they work perfectly
"I purchased a ring on my Hawaiian vacation that was too big and they unfortunately did not have a smaller size. When I got home I called a big name Jeweler that told me it would cost between $75 and $100 to size down 1 size. I purchased the Ring Noodle as an alternative, since the ring i purchased was only $70, I could not see paying more then the actual ring to size down one size. The ring noodle did make the ring fit my finger but it was really annoying. It would slide everywhere on the band of the ring and would pinch my finger. Water and soap would get stuck in it and would keep my finger wet for a long time after each time of washing my hands. This also looks like CRAP on the ring. It was very obvious it was a quick cheap fix but will not work permanently. I decided to return this. I later found a small local jeweler to resize my ring for the same price this item costs. I now love wearing my ring that it fits and doesn't have this ugly clear plastic tube sliding everywhere on it."
Didn't work for my ring.
"Amazing! I wear it every day on my ring as I'm losing weight for my wedding and don't want to pay for resizing until I'm closer to my goal weight. I've gone through all 3 sizes that come in this pack as I've dropped the pounds, and I've been very impressed with them.
They do tend to get a little dingy after awhile from constant wear, but since it's on the back of your ring it's not noticeable. I don't remove them when washing my hands/ring and water doesn't really get trapped inside, but I do remove my ring when putting lotion on because that will gum up the little opening in these. I'm planning on getting a small plain band to put next to my ring as I lose more weight and I'll be buying the next mm size up in these and putting it around both rings!"
"Fit good and was easy to install, just a little ti tight for me."
Fit my ring great. Seemed the harden over time so it stayed in place on the ring and didn't slip or fall off. Comes with three sizes.
"These do the job, but you'll have to deal with the product getting REALLY hard and discolored to the point where you don't want to turn your hand over, because it look terrible.  It's also very hard to get off when you want to get your ring cleaned."
PERFECT.  Easy to put on and really works
"These work really well! My engagement ring is a size 4.5 and is a pretty dainty design. I noticed that it felt a little loose, especially when my fingers shrink in the cold. It's also a bit top-heavy and would spin around my finger. The mini ring noodle did the trick and now it fits perfectly so I'm not worried about it sliding off anymore. The noodle also isn't super obvious on my thin band so it doesn't look tacky or anything, which is something I was concerned about since some ring size reducers can be bulky. Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase!"
"Great product! Feels comfortable, fits easily and allows you to remove if your hands swell in the warmer weather. Ingenious invention!"
They do not stay put.  they slide up and down the shank of the ring.  And I tried this with the 3 different sizes.  All did the same thing.
Didn't fit much on my tungsten ring that's my fault tho
Does it's job.. cheap alternative to resizing the actual ring barely notice it's there unless your constantly thinking about it
"I am happy with the product, the only downfall that I have noticed is they can be difficult to take off the ring."
"In theory it should work, slides around so it's visible from the front, maybe it's to big."
"I'm happy with my purchase, the ring noodle does slide a little bit on my ring but does keep my ring from spinning on my finger"
"these worked for the time being when I was in need of my ring being sized, only thing I did not like was that they would get dirt inside which should be expected. over all, these worked for what I needed them for"
Love these small little guys. Saves me from having my ring resized!
Works perfectly on my slightly larger wedding band.
5 Stars for the satisfaction guarantee. When I was not completely happy with the noodle I contacted the manufacturer by e-mail and they promptly send me a similar product to try without asking me to send the Noodles back.
This item works perfectly. I recently got engaged but the ring was a little bit big for my fianc&eacute;'s finger. The ring noodle works perfectly to fit her finger now. Also I must commend this seller on their excellent service. I highly recommend them.
waste of time and money.
"Great product.  Its just a small piece of curved plastic tubing with opening cut along its length.  You slip your rings into the opening and thats it.  I've used one for years.  This was actually my 2nd purchase as the original one became very hard after years of use.  Its a bit bulky on the inside of your hand, but, you get use to it after a while. That said, I'm not sure you'd want the plastic much thinner or else it may not work.  So, this seems to be the best they can make it."
variety of sizes in package making fitting easy
wouldn't fit over my knuckles and still provide a good fit
works great.
"I received a ring for Christmas that was unfortunately a full size too big. I researched different options to make the ring fit better, as I didn't want to bother getting it professionally resized (it was a costume/fashion ring). The Ring Noodle I originally purchased was too big for the ring, but upon contacting the company I was able to get a replacement set that fit well. I'm really happy at how effortless the exchange was!

I can't recall exactly which of these I'm using at the moment on my ring, but it's definitely one of them. The Noodle isn't completely unnoticeable, and you can feel it a little on your finger, but you get used to it after a while. I haven't had issues with slipping/falling off, and I take my ring off before washing my hands/putting lotion on so I can't comment on anything getting stuck in there.

I do think these are worth it for the price, if you need a ring to be 1 size smaller."
Works well..comfortable on your finger 
Worked exactly as advertised.
It does take awhile to get the soap through the hose. But after the first prime of filling hose soap is always  just 1 push away
I've ordered and used this  helpful ring snuggers before. Great poduct .
"This does the job it's intended to do - it helps my ring stay on my finger. BUT the plastic is so big, that it's constantly annoying me. I'd rather not wear my ring at all."
Waste of money. Does not work.
Uncomfortable
Super short lived solution as they are very easy to come off after you finally are able.to put them on. Need a different option.
A life saver for those that can't have a ring resized.
These little things absolutely do the trick!  Easy to use and holds the ring in place comfortably! My only complaint is the cost.
Keeps my ring snug and from rotating to the side. Comfortable and unnoticeable
"Thank you thank you thank you!!!!! My best friend told me about this amazing little ring sizer. I just recently got engaged and my ring is slightly loose, and it's always rotating so I was afraid that it would slide off. I decided to order it, as my jeweler said it was too soon to resize it. He explained that since it's still very cold outside my hands won't experience any swelling but once the summer comes it'll be a little different, so he advised to hold off on resizing until then. So happy I ordered this mini noodle, it did the trick and it not noticeable. I will hold off on adjusting the ring size since it made such a difference. Totally a must buy if your experiencing the same problem!!"
"My wedding ring band is a bit big.  And the stone is a 4 carat rough sapphire, so it is a bit too heavy. The band is thin, perfect for the medium noodle in this set.  My issue is that the noodle sometimes slides up the side of the ring making it to the top of the ring.  Also, sometimes the noodle flips on me and the space where the noodle sides meets pinches my finger.  It is more comfortable than the metal ones, but so far I am having issues with my noodle.  And recently the medium sized noodle popped off my ring will I was folding laundry, and I have since been unable to find the noodle.  I think I need to try the one that coils onto the ring."
"Received the package fairly fast 2-4 days Cant really recall, sorry.... Anywho, I purchased this item for my husbands wedding band (his ring finger is broken and unable to re-size then put it back on) his ring was super loose and turn every which way all day and he was getting pretty frustrated with the fact that it would not stay in place. The item is great for keeping the ring from turning as much as it did prior to placing the ring noodle on it, cut down the turning about 80%. Really helpful."
was easy to install but sometimes slides on the ring
Works well with all three rings that I wear.
Got the job done
This ring looks fine. But it was wrong size. Returned the ring. Everything went smooth.
"Not only was product delivered promply, but it attaches easily, is essentially invisible, works well and is comfortable.  What's more, having earlier ordered the wrong size, PGC offered kindly to refund purchase price or replace with proper size.  A good company and a good product.  I recommend highly."
Perfect for the thin band in my vintage wedding band!  I tried about four other types and this one is perfect!
"WASHED MY HAND CAME OFF THE  RING, DOWN THE DRAIN. NOT A GOOD IDEA A LOT OF MONEY FOR A SILICONE PIECE OF HOSE.WOULD LIKE MONEY BACK FOR OTHER TWO PIECES OF HOSE. JUST NOT WORTH SENDING BACK"
"Actually it does what I needed and that was to make it smaller so it doesn't slide off my finger,  BUT the noodle constantly slides around the ring so you need to keep adjusting it so it doesn't end up on the surface of your finger...it just doesn't stay underneath you finger."
terrible fit tossed them
Ring Noodle slides and does not stay in place. Very annoying. Throwing this product away.  Don't waste your money.
"I can finally wear my ring!! It worked wonderfully the I use the thinnest one in the pack and it does the trick! The problem is that these are never thin enough for a small band, but the ring noodle solves that problem!"
These are super easy to use and it is nice to have options for different ring sizes/fits. Super fast shipping.
I like them. But it gets caught in my hair and shirt sleeves.
They worked perfectly.  My wife can wear her rings without them feeling like they are going to fall off her finger.
"Works out okay but not the long term solution I was hoping for. Mine is frustrating because I'm stuck between sizes. The petite size fits around my band correctly but doesn't seem to adjust the size at all. The narrow size has more bulk and is enough to tighten my ring enough it doesn't slide sideways but it doesn't fit entirely around my band so there is a gap which pinches and gets things caught in it. Overall it isn't as comfortable as I was hoping and I can always feel it, especially when doing anything with my hands or driving. I would say this is good for a temporary fix if you are planning on getting your ring sized but not comfortable enough for a permanent solution in my opinion."
These are perfect they have three sizes and they are like any fit could fit you if you have these!
worked great--thanks
Very pleased with item....
"I bought a 3-pack of Ring Noodles to see which size might be best, as well as some other similar products.  I tried two other solutions that I was not happy with (they caught on things, didn't hold my ring from ""spinning"" around my finger).  The Ring Noodle (for me, the medium size) worked so well that the first one I bought I'd held onto for nearly two years!

Why do I love it?

First - it worked better than the others I tried.  I can easily take it on/off my ring, which is critical for me because my situation is that my ring barely fits over my knuckle - but once in place is so loose it spins.  So I put my noodle-less ring on, and then have to apply the Ring Noodle.  Other similar solutions were difficult to put on/take off (and I like to take my ring off when cooking, etc).

Second - it lasted longer than I expected.  My ""trial"" lasted me nearly two years.  Granted, I did need to clean it (and certainly they are inexpensive enough that you could replace them more frequently), but I was surprised at the durability.  It developed a bit of a tear after about a year, and I expected that would grow quickly - but it didn't (and keep in mind - I'm taking it off my ring and putting it back on my ring once or twice a day - every day)."
Best ring guard I have ever purchased. A little hard to put on but once it's on it is not going anywhere. I have it on my engament ring since my ring has so much detail on the bad I can not have it sized.
Product definitely helps with a loose ring. Customer service was great too. Go with the larger sizes for a wedding/engagement band combo. Highly recommended!
I just love my ring noodle. Very comfortable and discreet!
"not very effective, and after washing my hands a few times with the device on it now slips off the ring. Can't recommend it."
These are easy to apply sizers and fit well.
Good and easy to use.
These are great for ring sizing and easy to apply.
"Didn't care for, too bulky!"
Really great!!! No problems at all
"I purchased the mini size. It's very easy to put on the ring, stays securely, and is very comfortable to wear. I had previously used a ring snuggie, but since it is not curved it was very uncomfortable. I cut the ring noodle down about 1-2 mm so that the ends don't rest against my pinky or middle finger."
works as it should
easy to use and does its job
Returned the item the same day. Way too big to fit inside your ring. It was a complete waste of my time and money. Will be going to get it sized.
works well!
Worked well with a vintage ring and is very comfortable!
"These are WONDERFUL.  I have skinny fingers with large knuckles due to osteoarthritis.  These address the issue perfectly.  My rings stay put and the top heavy one no longer does spontaneous 180 turns!  As other reviewers mentioned, the edges felt a little sharp but a little filing with an emery board took care of the issue."
Works well
I have been using ring noodles for a while and over the course of time have bought various sizes for different purposes and for different rings.  These small ones are good for keeping a ring from swinging around on your finger. The larger sizes are good to make a ring a smaller size.
They do work well but the ones I ordered(8mm) don't fit around the ring
It was unable to find a product that fit my ring until I came across the Ring Noodle.  The fit is perfect. I am so happy!
It works great
Perfect.
These do not work well at all. Not easy to get on and it falls off easily. So disappointing.
Best item of its kind so far. Lasts well and easy to put on and off for cleaning.
"I proposed to my girlfriend and she LOVES her ring, however it was too big. Problem is that her ring is a size 4, which is pretty small, so we did not want to cut it any smaller. Got this Ring Noodle and it works PERFECT. Allows one to wear their ring and is discrete to the point where it is not visible that their is anything holding the ring in place. Great alternative if you don't want to have your ring size reduced."
"I love that it came in 3 size options, for 1 package. I have been wearing mine for a week and will review the pros and cons

Pros:
-very easy to place on ring
- the noodle itself doesn't move around much once you place it on. you wont' have to worry about it sliding around much (toward the top of your
hand)
- i have used this on a ring that i shower with and wash my hands wearing. The noodle hasn't slipped off.
- upon removing the noodle to see if there was a residue left behind (by shampoo or hand soap) - there wasn't. if it fits right, it doesn't allow for much to squeeze in between the noodle and your ring.
- perfect size, and when i reach out to shake hands with someone, it doesn't look like a ""spacer"". it doesn't stand out.

cons -
i typically like to leave at least a few things i feel like a product could improve on, but am coming up empty. this is a great buy ESPECIALLY for the price."
"Do not work, they move around the finger"
"Ring Noodles are just fine. I have ordered all different sizes. I have never lost one while wearing it. I order rings quite often for myself as well as a granddaughter and daughter in law. We have all used them
.I have also used them in a different way:) I like finding some of the older style rings, estate pieces, and have one now that I wear on my pinkie that is still too big even after I had it sized down to a 3 and I actually need it a tad smaller. I cut a piece off of one of the thicker ring noodles, inserted in the bottom cavity of the ring where the diamonds sit on top. It makes the ring tight enough on my finger that I don't feel like I'll lose it and the rubber is comfortable against my skin. No one can see it either! I can easily remove it if I should need too.
 Make sure you have the right size noodle for the band of you ring and you should not have problems wearing them on your rings. The only negative is, yes, they will discolor after long wear. Don't let this discourage you from purchasing, they work."
Way too thick. It's just tubing with a slit.
This does not work i put it on my ring it lasted maybe a min before it had fallen off not worth your money
"I am very happy with this purchase. My engagement ring fits perfectly in the summer, but feels quite loose and spins around in the winter. Since I don't want to get it resized constantly, the ring noodle is a great solution! It is very comfortable and stops my ring from spinning. I personally need to put in on once my ring is on my finger or it won't go past my knuckle, but I got pretty good at it now. Unfortunately, they are easy to lose if you constantly take them off, but that is to be expected."
This is the second package I ordered because I needed larger size for the band. So far so good it has not come off the ring and the ring stays on. It is an easy fix and inexpensive way to prevent lose of ring
It serves its purpose without going to the expense of a jeweler. It does move on the band but at least the ring does not slip over the knuckle and lose the ring
seems to work ok
Works and that's all that matters.
"Worked well and got comfortably. No sharp edges or noticeable plastic. It is clear with a slit in the middle. My rings no longer rotate or feel like they will fall off (they were one size too big)
Good seller and product."
Highly recommends
It's okay. Not the greatest.
worked. thanks.
"I guess my ring is wider than I thought. I started out with the petite it was to short and wouldn't fit around my ring. So then I was debating between the medium and wide. I went with the wide just to be on the safe side, the wife was too wide ended up cutting the noodle in half and it worked like a charm. Not to mention it'll actually be a 6 pack since I'll have to cut them to make them fit. The material is good quality, I have no issues when doing daily activities or washing my hands but the most important thing is the ring fits."
Waste of my money. Would not fit or stay on rings
This product works great. I ordered it to use temporally until I was able to get my new wedding ring resized. It fits snug to your ring so it does not slip off when taking your ring on and off. There are also different size options for you too choose from to make sure you get the right fit. I would defiantly order this again if I needed to.
"definitely provided a quick solution for a loose ring, however, it is not a permanent solution by any means, the open edges on the backside of the ring can scratch skin easily and is very obvious in a hand shake....but it does stay in place."
I'm glad I got 3 sizes bc I would never of guessed which one would fit correctly. The ring does fit better. Still turns but I don't think there is anything to completely keep it from that. Water does get inside the plastic sometimes. 'It does keep my ring from falling off and I can take it off on days I retain water.  Takes some getting used to. It's an easy quick  fix and better then other options.
it's too long and keeps moving.
"I was so unsure buying these ring noodles. I wasn't sure how they would look on the ring, if they would be noticeable or if they would pinch my fingers. However, this was the best purchase and fixed my ring problem instantly. I had tried on a ring, if a very warm room, and it had turned out my finger had swelled. I got home and the ring wouldn't stay in the correct position on my finger, it was so disappointing. The ring itself wasn't very expensive so I didn't want to spend the $50+ to get the ring permanently resized. I put the ring noodle on and the ring stopped spinning, I wear it all the time and only take the ring off when I shower or swim. I can't see the noodle unless I turn my hand over, it doesn't pinch my finger, and allows me to enjoy my ring. And I can fix some other rings I have too!"
"Works great! I have lost weight and all my rings are loose. This was a perfect, inexpensive solution! Arrived quickly and easy to put on rings!"
So I got engaged a week ago. I got my ring sized but it was still loose. I was afraid to go smaller because my fingers are larger in the summer. Guess what solved my problem? This ring noodle. Now I can wear my engagement ring and not worrying about it falling off! I definitely will order more if I ever need another pack.
"Love these little ring noodles! My wedding ring is half a size too big and spins around uncomfortably on my finger. Slip one of these on and the ring fits perfectly into place.

 Also a great buffer between my ring and the bars at the gym or push-ups outside.

One noodle usually lasts me 1-2 months and then I replace it with a new one. Definitely worth buying several packs at once and stocking up- I will continue to purchase these."
"The edges are too thick and sharp-edged, they scrap against the side of my finger."
"only the one size actually fit my ring, the others were very small.  but it works perfectly!"
"It was a great idea.

Sadly the tubing became hard after awhile and started irritating my fingers.

I examined the ""noodles"" and realized they have a real strong resemblance to different size aquarium tubing.

You may just want to visit jeweler and get a real ring guard, or...visit your local aquarium store and get 500 ring guards for a few bucks."
"My knuckles are huge, but fingers small.  This makes everything perfect, my ring doesn't slide anymore.  I have a bunch of these."
These worked great until I could get my ring resized.
Fell off my hand after one or two days.  Lost two in the sink washing my hands.  Wouldn't recommend.
These are good for short term use
The ring guards work perfectly.  I liked having the different sizes
I started out using the petite and had to go up to the biggest size because when you shower or wash dishes it slides off after about a week or so.  I'm not sure it's because the way my ring is shaped but I was not happy about that. The plastic is also really bendy and think they should have made it sturdier. The one I have on now is ok but I now remove my ring when I shower and do the dishes. Looking for an alternative as I know this will not last long.
"Tried these but they didn't work out too well, they dug into my skin. Better off going to a jeweler's and getting a real ring guard."
Great idea
Worked great.
Worked well at first but they get loose quick my ring slides around again.
great
"hated it, kept falling off it didn't fit"
"Despite the size ""noodle"" I use on my ring, I find that it slips around and eventually the opening opens up a little and snags onto things.  It's comfortable to wear until the noodle slips to the top of the ring.  (Probably a moot point if your ring is tapered at all) I'm thankful I didn't spend a ton on it, but also frustrated that I still need to spend more money looking into other options. When really I should just save the money and get the darn things professionally sized!"
good product. just wish they were made for wider rings
"I've been wearing my ring noodles since I bought these in August! They are the perfect fix to a ring that needs a little tighter fit, especially if you don't want to get the ring size. My engagement ring is a family air loom and in order to keep in it's original state, I didn't want to get sized. These ring noodles are the perfect fix. I have no problems at all, no dirty build up like expected. I would definitely recommend this!"
It can be difficult trying to open the slot to place over the ring.
Very satisfied
What a let down...It's a piece of silicone tubing..the bandage I put on my ring works better than this..The price plus shipping is not worth it..I guess it is called live and learn..
"Got these for my wedding ring as it was a tad loose. It comes with a couple so you can defintley find one that fits. It works just great! Comfortable and unnoticeable  ( unless you turn your hand , it's tiny in the mid of the ring)"
"I just received my ring noodle, three days ahead of schedule. It fits great and the plastic seems like it is of good quality. Totally will buy again when the time comes."
"I've tried several ring guards recently.  This is the most secure and comfortable one I've tried.  It was very easy to install, has stayed on, and does not shift on the band, and is almost invisible.  I'm going to order another set just to get the mini size for a spare (unless I can find that size packaged alone.)"
"Great customer service. Their replies were prompt and succinct, and they knew exactly what I wanted. Will definitely recommend to others!"
Love the multiple sizes as I have different size rings. Easy to put on and take off rings as I wear them.  Just hope I don't lose them because they're small and clear!  But that's what makes them good ring spacers; you don't want them to stand out.
I got this product months ago and I still use the same one it stays on great I hardly even notice its there
These work really well!
"These are great products. They fit on rings well.  They are a little difficult to get on, but that's good so they don't fall off.  I would recommend them."
To bulky I have small fingers you saw more of the rrinng guard than the ring and when I tried the next size up the ring was stuck on my finger soap and water didn't get it off
"I thought I ordered a variety of sizes but I guess I was wrong. We cut one before noticing. That was my fault but even so, I don't think it would be very comfortable."
This stuff is no more than plastic tubing you can buy at any hardware store for about .75 cents a foot.
"great product, love the variety of sizes"
these were easy easy to put on and did the job.
i use this item to protect the metal when i lift. My engagement ring is fitted so i just use the smallest ring noodle to cover the part that comes in contact with the bar.
They work nicely. You won't notice them on the back of your ring. I do hate how soap and lotions get stuck under the noodle though.
Worked great on my rings that were too big and the noodle stays in place with out moving around.
"The middle size Ring Noodle worked perfectly to fill the little bit of space left after having my ring sized. I couldn't make the ring any smaller or it wouldn't have fit over my knuckle. I almost paid another $100 to add sizing beads, but decided to try these first. I'm so glad I did! No more spinning ring!"
"These are so great! My daughter had ordered them for a ring she had that was too big and then I ordered some for a new ring I had bought. They are so comfortable you don't even know they're on the ring. Having the different sizes is perfect because I thought I would have needed a mini because my band is pretty thin but I actually ended up using the petite one. I've been buying a lot of new rings and wearing them different ways, now I can buy different sizes and wear them on any finger by adding a ring noodle when needed."
The noodles actually hurt the sides of your fingers. They make the ring itself much thicker and you always feel them on. They are not the best at staying on either. They constantly moved around the ring itself and can scratch you! Would not recommend at all.
These ring oodles are so handy. Sometimes my hands swell or shrink and the noodle save my money at the jewelry store.
useless
These were a waste! They spun to the sides of my rings and I felt like they were always dirty looking. I wouldn't recommend this product.
Quick and painless purchase. Exactly what I was looking for.
"Just started using the Ring Noodle, But it appears to be working well."
"Goes on easily, can be trimmed to adjust for the best fit, comfortable, keeps ring from spinning or coming off."
"Goes on easily, can be trimmed to adjust for the best fit, comfortable, keeps ring from spinning or coming off."
"Works good, still trying to get used to the feel of it, will need to order larger size for one ring, didn't realize how TINY these were! Good alternative to temporary sizing issue I think.  Personally I would have to say long term use wouldn't be best option for me.  It gets gummed up when I apply lotion on hands and such. Sort of annoying dealing with all the junk that gets between and in it."
Too bulky and inflexible. Which the material was softer and thinner.
"They are good for a very short, temporary fix but they do have a tendency to ""flip off"" the ring after use."
item arrived in a timely fashion and was as  expected...thx.!!!
Nice item - good price.
You can forget outrageously overpriced jeweler resizing.  These are comfortable and can be transferred to different rings if necessary.  I like this product a lot.
"Awful. Did not fit, was not comfortable. Just a bad product."
It sucks !
Perfect for fitting the rings you want to each finger. Accurate.
"I mean, it makes rings fit.  How do you get that wrong?  Worked fine as a temporary fit adjustment and protection against loss until we could get a ring back to our preferred jewelry who is a hours and hours away..."
"These are amazing. Comfortable and you cant even tell by looking at it you have a sizer on.
I should of done this months ago!"
"It was uncomfortable, couldn't stand feeling it under my finger."
I am very happy with my ring noodle! Camenjoy fast and looks great.
"Spending money with jewelers can be expensive, so this is a great way to keep a too-large ring comfortable."
"exactly what they are suppose to be just not for me, will just get my ring sized."
These are a great solution to a ring that's a bit too large. My engagement ring didn't quite fit without the wedding band to keep it from sliding around. I got a pack of these and they did the trick! They are easy to put on and I used them my entire engagement.
"The friend's) ring I ordered these for turned out to be wider than I'd realized, so I have to get a bigger size. Not being able to see it in action resulted in the 4-star---rather than 5---rating; the noodles seem well made and sturdy enough for the job, and felt like they'll be comfortable once on."
Just got engaged and the ring was too large. These saved my ring from falling off!!! Great invention.
Love luv love it after spending close to 200$ my engagement ring still doesn't fit properly My fiancee was furious Thanks ring noodle perfect fit !
The ring noodle is a good way to make my ring smaller. The package had three sizes to choose from.
A waste of money 
i used this to protect my eternity wedding band. I slam my hand a lot and have chipped one of the diamonds. I have small fingers so i had to cut the plastic to make a little smaller but it satisfy my requirements.
"Idea is great.  But made of a heavy gauge plastic, not easily slipped around ring."
"These are the most comfortable ring sizer noodles on the market. They are thin and are shaped to curve with the ring instead of being straight which the ""snuggies"" do. These are perfect for my needs! Can't beat the price either. I intend on having a jeweler installing some sizing beads inside my ring to allow for swelling in humidity but these are perfect in the mean time. I have been using these for 7 months now."
In the pack with three noodle size the thicker noodle holds a better grip on my thin ring.  It doesn't slide on the ring like the thin noodles do.
This is a good idea. It helps make the ring size smaller ao the ring is not as loose as it use to be. The only downside is that the noodle is that it doesn't grip onto my ring and will slide on my ring from left to right so i have to keep moving it back to the centre.
Good and fast shipping
love them
Everything was as advertised and arrived early.
Stiff and tacky but does work
"After losing weight my wedding ring was falling off of me, but I'm not ready to have it resized yet because I still have some weight to drop. This product works get and allows me to be able to wear my ring and not fear losing it in the mean time!"
perfect
"I use this to help keep my wedding band snug.  The wide size is perfect!  I have ordered this a couple times over the years, and each one lasts about 6 months or so before it falls off at work while I am doing some task!  It is not the fault of the ring noodle though, just that something I am doing usually makes it slippery.  On average it costs me about .35 cents per month to have the perfect fit!  This is also nice for in the winter time when your fingers shrink down a little bit!"
These worked great for my engagement ring. I needed my ring to fit until I sent it off to be sized and attached he'd to my wedding band.
Good
"I originally purchased a ring spacer from a jeweler for my engagement ring that was about 1.5 sizes too big. The spacer was metal and clamped around the back of my ring, but the hooks wrapping around the band scratched the band and the bar going across the back of my finger was constantly bending and making the spacer totally worthless. I purchased the Ring Noodle because it is soft plastic, and was pleased that it stays put on the back of my ring, doesn't slide or bend, and doesn't poke my finger or further scratch the band. It's a little bit bulky, but I expected this with the largest size noodle (I believe it's the narrow?). I would definitely recommend this product as an inexpensive and temporary alternative to resizing!"
"I got the 3 pack with diff sizes, I'd recommend going that route."
Too big and bulky on my finger. Doesn't work at all. Super disappointed.
It works well however sometimes it will get caught on something and I have to readjust it so it doesn't fall off.
works very well
"Perfect for my engagement ring that was a hair too big.  Used the smallest ""noodle"" - works great."
Just what I needed. Great to work with me in exchanging sizes!!
Worked perfectly!
Works great to fit rings that are too big on your finger. Would recommend as a temporary fix until ring was professional sized to correct fit
WORKS great !! easiest thing I have ever used to size a ring and clear so it doesn't stand out . doesn't slide around and worked excellently !! so very happy I found this as its perfect for my ring needs.. just very pleased with this little pieces of plastic that make life so much easier and NO pinching either
works perfectly now I can wear rings.
My ring fits perfect now!  Works great!
too tiny.....not like the picture shows.
Exactly what I was looking for. I bought this product before but lost it do to its tiny nature. I have the minis for my ring. Works perfect bc my hands sometimes swell so I don't want to get my ring resized.
A bit bulky.
"This does what it's advertised to do, made my engagement ring fit nicely, although it only lasted 1 day before it popped off and was lost.  Doesn't stay on too well, so be careful if you take your ring off."
"These suck! Found correct size but it would constantly slip around, side to side, The seam is sharp and super uncomfortable!  I threw all of them away.  Would rather my ring twist because diamond is so big than wear this lame gadget.  Get sizing balls for fix."
"So, This is a fantastic idea, and it works... But not all the time. Washing your hands, putting lotion on, even the heat of your body from all day wear, can make this loose, and prone to opening. So let me say this again, it works, just not all day (and several other situations.) I was looking for something to help me get my ring a half size smaller, and something that wasn't terribly expensive (the ring was only $26.) Well, now I'm out the money for this, when I should have just gone to a jeweler. Well, we all make mistakes sometimes."
I got friendship rings for a friend and I. I got a size to big so I bought these and the work. It was a little difficult to figure out how to get it on but I love it. Now I don't have to worry about my ring falling off.
Works for being an alternative to resizing rings in a pinch.
This has worked perfectly for my new ring. My husband bought me a major upgrade for our anniversary and I love the ring so much that I haven't wanted to be without it to get it sized. I was on the fence about ordering this when I read some of the reviews but I decided to go for it and I am happy I did!
Exactly what I wanted
They work great.
Nice product but it is so hard to know if the sizes you are buying are correct. I can only use the narrow one from this pack. Would recommend unless your ring falls off when your hand is pointed down that you go a size smaller than narrow.
Nice Ring guard.
"Works pretty well, but at times it slides up the ring (to the stone), and sometimes things like lotion get trapped inside. It doesn't look like it's going to last a very long time either..."
My wife has very small fingers and this was perfect to fit the ring and her finger!!!! This was helpful bc you didn't have to do any damage to the ring to be sized and you do not see it! Great product
It has been 2 years and now thanks to the Ring Noodle I can finally wear my ring that was custom made as an anniversary present.  Great product.
"Did not work as expected, only fits slim rings."
"It does the job of making my ring fit better, but not that comfortable.  You do get used to it though."
I put it on my ring. It fits perfectly!
"Its a perfect fit. Don't have to worry about loosing my wedding ring.
Thank you"
"It doesn't work.  When you are wearing it, it slides back and forth and so does the ring.  It is uncomfortable.  All three sizes just failed miserably.  Anything larger would make it impossible to get over the knuckle."
These are great but slip off often because they are thinner.
This ring noodle didn't do it for me!! It keeps turning my ring. Its annoying that i have to keep turning my ring the correct way. Im Still looking for something that can make my ring fit more sturdy and tight without moving at all.
These I don't care for. They keep falling off my ring and yellow after a while and are uncomfortable.
Works great and is easy to put on and off
Very helpful when knuckles are big and fingers are still small.  Lasts a couple of months each.
"The ring noodle is pretty good. It came a set of 3 ring adjusters in package, thus u can choose the most suitable one."
Fell off of ring and I loss the product
this works perfectly
They work as expected and have passed the test of time so far.  Great product.  Competitive price!  Highly recommended!
They work as expected and have passed the test of time so far.  Great product.  Competitive price!  Highly recommended!
They work as expected and have passed the test of time so far.  Great product.  Competitive price!  Highly recommended!
"First,the prices are ridiculous and the shipping and return fees are outrageous for the cost of these little itty bitty rubber tubes with splits If you should drop or lose sight of one you may not find it, due to it's transparency. These so- called ring guards are not a good fit for any size ring. Keep looking... I'm sure you will find better ring guards that will be worth your money. I refuse to pay the return shipping fee because I would actually be paying for this rubber twice. I will eventually get over the lost of my money."
I use these all the time and they make a big difference in comfort and size. Much cheaper than having the jeweler size the rings.
I use these a lot and have ordered them before. They make all of the difference in the world making my rings comfortable.
Good
size was perfect. easy to apply. and works!
"Product arrived earlier than estimated,  and was exactly as described :) I put the petite sized noodle on my wedding ring and it now fits perfectly! No more embarrassing band aids :) I just hope that over time,  the plastic/rubber/pvc won't warp when I switch it between rings... 5 stars!"
I love this product--it fits my thin rings perfectly and keeps them in place.  The three sizes were perfect for my range of ring sizes and they're easy to install.  I can finally comfortably wear my rings without worrying about losing them.  It's such a relief.
It was not what I expected
works Great!
Great product. It really helps to keep my ring still
It does what it says. It feels like nothing is there and my ring fits perfection.
a great product
Caution: does not fit all rings... Sizes are REALLY REALLY small
"My Tiffany engagement ring was sized right after I ran a marathon and it hasn't fit me correctly for months. Someone told me about these, I got them today, and they fit perfectly on my thin band. My ring fits better than it ever had before. I would highly recommend these."
"Good idea, but kept falling off."
"My ring has a very thin band which causes it to spin a lot, even though it ""fits"". The spinning drives me crazy, so I purchased these to hold it in place. I only use the smallest one though. Works perfectly."
"These are great! My fingers fluctuates between sizes. I don't want to resize my ring. So these have become a life saver, or I should say a ring saver."
These worked well but not for too long. They get very filthy very quickly and they slide up the side of my ring so I have to constantly adjust it so that it is not visible.
Not happy with this product- falls off easily sizing not good
My band was too wide for this
"I have knuckles that are larger than my fingers, so my ring would constantly spin around.  I ordered these to see if they would work...and they're great!  It keeps the ring from spinning, is comfortable and you can't see it since it's clear.  And their delivery was really fast.  I definitely recommend them!"
Plastic pulls apart and slipped off of ring..Ring band may have been too wide for any size they sent me..I would like to send back ..I found a jewelry store that had the metal ring guards.  They put on my gold band and no more problems.
Great product. Have previously purchased item and will continue to order more in the future.  I have given some to friends.
Ok should be a little thinner
Did not work.
"I began wearing my birthstone ring on another finger, and it was too loose--constantly turning to the side.  I didn't know if the ring noodle would help. I easily put it on the ring and it now stays on my finger without constantly turning."
I thought I was receiving a package with 3 different size Noodles. The Noodle worked well with 1 of my rings. I had to get something different for the other ring I wanted to resize.
Exactly what I was looking for!
This works well for my thin rings.
This fits perfectly on my wider rings and makes a huge difference.  I can now wear my oversized rings with confidence of not losing it.
"Was ok, but really didn't work with my wedding band.  If my band had been a lil slimmer I think this product would have worked better for me."
Thhis little plastic tube did not stop my husband's or my rings from turning. The tube would often turn around the ring and continuously end up at the top of the ring. Lotions and soaps would get caught in the tube and the tube would have jagged edges that would scratch my face while touching my face .It was definitely a waste of money.
Great product. Does exactly what it's supposed to and is comfortable. I don't notice it at all and it makes my ring snug on days when my hands are cold and it's a little loose.
Just what I was looking for. Works great
More comfortable than the snuggies from Claire's...Makes my engagement ring fit great when hand not swelling
could not get it to work properly..
It makes my ring fit perfectly!
"Perfect fit, no damage to rings and completely hidden. I love them!"
"They are ok, but sometimes the guard moves to the side of the ring,  As a quick fix the ring noodle is good...."
"I bought these noodles to try on a ring that had suddenly become too big due to what I hope is only a temporary weight loss.  My fiance had passed away and the resulting depression led to a huge weight loss.  Anyway, I needed something to try that was easy to use, something that I could do myself, and something that would be temporary in case I gained the weight back.  These seemed to fit the bill.

The directions say that you once you determine the correct size (it comes in three sizes in one package) you need to find the side of the noodle with the slit in it and slip it one your ring.  Once it is one you turn it so that the slit is facing out.  I am guessing that the size depends more on how wide your band is, and not on how much space you need to fill in to make your ring fit because you can change that by cutting to noodle and making it smaller if the ring fits too tightly.

I know that some reviewers have had trouble putting them on.  Mine went on relatively easily.  I did need to cut it a tiny bit (i used the petite size) and I will say that the ring does now fit.  That is the good.  The bad, I can feel the noodle and sometimes it is a bit annoying.  Also, the ring does still turn on my finger, but that may just be because I cut it too short.

I know other reviewers have said that it occasionally falls off.  I have had this happen once but for the most part it has stayed on and done what it was supposed to do.  I am still reluctant to try anything more permanent, or anything that could scratch the ring, so for now, these will do.  The feel of the noodle it not distracting enough to make me want to find a different product.  For some, it may be too much, but you will have to try it out to figure that out.  I have found it to be just what I needed."
"I have been wearing it for almost two months now. Only one of the ring noodle helps my ring stay on my finger, and it's not really a tight fit. it's not the best ring size adjuster, more of a cheap solution that might stay on your ring for two to three months. I strongly recommend buying the ringguard instead, which is a coil that goes around the ring. With this product, water and dirt sits inside the noodle, whereas they flow through the ringguard. Not to mention, the ringguard is better quality!"
"This is the best solution I've found, short of having my ring re-sized. The little ""noodle"" fits perfectly over the ring and causes no irritation or redness to my finger, and even better, does no damage to the ring itself."
Absolutely perfect!
I think it would be fine except it did not fit my ring
These worked okay. They are kind of thick and Keot falling off.
Its not too bad of a product...it temporary does the job
Was a bit disappointed with the cost that there were only three in the package. Way overpriced!!
I find this very difficult to use. Once l got it on the ring it kept slipping around on the ring and my ring still twists around on my finger. With shipping it certainly is not worth buying.
good product- temporary use
Asome product
Love these! Saves my ring from another sizing!
These are great for my rings that are 1/2 size to large.  Also good for colder weather ring wearing because my hands aren't as swollen as they are in the summer.
They came off right away.
Bulky and uncomfortable - a waste of money
My ring was just a little big.. So I ordered the three different size option because I wasn't sure what size I needed. One worked perfectly! Now I can just order more in just the size I need.
This works great. A much better alternative to expensive resizing.
An excellent purchase; they fit perfectly and no more sliding.
"My promise ring fit a little big because my boyfriend and I accidentally ordered it a half size too big, but being that I was in love with it, I ordered a ring guard. It helped a whole lot and now my beautiful ring fits just right."
Working well.
Very good product you don't even realise its on your ring
It hardly fit on my wife's ring and after two days she lost it
I really did not like this. I tried to cut it down but it kept cutting into my finger next to the ring. It was bulky and not worth it. I think getting the ring resized is the best option. I have a size 5 ring finger
"These are nearly impossible to put on, once on they come off quickly. The package came with three sizes, S M L. The large was the only one that would fit any ring other than a child's, especially not a wedding band."
Fits perfectly.  Ring stays in place and no longer shifts to the sides.
I have only used the mini and petite ones but they keep the ring in place on those cold days. One thing to mention though is they are a little tedious to get on sometimes.
Too small for my ring and I'm a 4. The bigger sizes look to bulky and obvious. And I had to pay for my return!
Easy to put on and comfortable to wear
Great for downsizing a ring - my fingers are never the same size two days in a row!
Bought to make a silver ring smaller and it works well.
Love it!!!!! The seller was absolutely amazing!!!
Some of my rings have thin bands. These fit well for a variety of sizes.  Very satisfied.
I like the  ring guard it helps a lot
It does help to keep my ring from moving around on my finger. I would like it more if at the ends of the noodle it would taper down to the band of the ring instead of being squared. Sometimes the end of the noodle catches on something & it will move position on the ring & need to be slid back into position.
I don't like but they didn't mislead
Good purchase. Works for me!
exactly what I was looking for
Works great. Thank you.
"It's okay because it does help on sizing the ring making it not too loose, but I usually do not take off my ring and if I do I forget sometimes to take it off before I wash my hands or apply lotion but overtime it starts to harden and turn a different color. Maybe because I didn't take it off."
"Fabulous ! I had bought a mixed size bag before, but only needed the MINI's. I went seeking the MINI sized, only and found it  ! It arrived and I currently am wearing one and it is perfect and comfortable. I reordered three more ( one bag) , since sometimes, they can come off, by accident and currently I need them. Otherwise, my rings turn around too much and are very annoying. I've had them sized, but is expensive and between summer and winter and weight changes, rings are not consistent in fit. I may get them sized one day again, but not for now. Thank you !"
Works exactly as it is meant to.
It falls off
The mini size Ring Noodle fit perfectly on my ring and keeps it from spinning. Highly recommend!
"These rings are easy enough to install and are pretty unnoticeable . However, they only slightly improved my ring size problem. They are not thick enough to take up all of the excess space, so they slide around my rings and I have to keep adjusting them. Still, I recommend them if your rings are only slightly too large."
These did not work for me.  They still didn't make my ring fit snugly and the back side of the noodle is somewhat sharp.  I was constantly aware that the noodle was on the ring and could feel the sharp edges on my other fingers.
Did not like this type of guard.
The ring sizer slides on the ring and I need to check it often to make sure it doesn't fall off.
They work well enough
Did not fit my rings. Too narrow and not flexible enough for me.
Perfect fit.
Piece of crap don't waste your money
"I love Ring Noodle! It's comfortable and doesn't scratch your rings......It's great if you have large knuckles and need a larger ring size, you can remove the ""Ring Noodle"" while the ring is on your finger. I ordered more...."
"My engagement ring is slightly big on my because the band is so thin, I don't want it resized because my wedding band will make it fit better. These are perfect for making my ring a little tighter. Great for the cold winter months if your fingers shrink a little!"
"This simple product is amazing! I ordered 3 different types of ring sizing products and this one is the best! Easy to put on the ring, stays in place, ring doesn't spin. I need to resize my ring but I've been wearing it every day without fear of losing it due to this product. Highly recommended!"
"Works super well for a normal size ring thickness. Keeps ring in place, but the ring noodle itself slides a tiny bit so I do adjust it at times."
"Sort of irritating to the hand, but they keep the ring from turning"
I bought these to size a couple of rings that I own that were too large - they fit well and have allowed me to wear the rings again.
I use the smallest one in this pack for a thin pinkie ring with no problems. Works like a charm. The next smallest one fits my thicker pinkie ring. The biggest one of the three was too thick for a pinkie ring but would work for a bigger size. Very pleased. You can't see the sizers at all!
They are really good!!! Be sure to buy the right size because it will still be loose if it's thinner your ring. I think it's comfortable for thin fingers.
"Your ring must be very big in order to fit properly with the ring noodle. My engagement ring was loose to the point of not falling off but easily pulled off my finger, especially when my hands are cold. I tried cutting the ring noodle down but it was still too tight to use properly because of its thickness."
"Love these! My engagement ring was a tad loose. I put one of these on the band, and it fits perfectly! Love them, would definitely recommend to others!"
Good!
"My experience, impossible to insert over ring bottom, destroyed one trying to get it open to add to ring.  Back to the drawing board.  Unless you have a very thin ring, don't order."
"They are not ""wide"" like they claim to be. I have three men's rings. None are very wide and these barely fit the width of the bands. They also irritate my finger how they are separated to accommodate the ring and they 'bite' into the flesh on the underside of the ring into my finger. These are oxygen cannulae or air supply tubing. With shipping I paid $9.00 for three pieces of vinyl/plastic tubing. that is $3.00 each! I was in the medical profession for years. Sorry but this is not a good deal and I feel they are over priced. I should have gotten 6 or even 9 for that price.
I won't make the mistake again. I contacted them and got a reply as if to say ""so what?"""
They fit on my rings and really help.
"Comes in a pack of few with various sizes, the bigger ones are way too bulky!"
Sadly my ring continues to upend.  :(
Not wide enough despite description that claims it should have been.
I like this noodle quite a bit. I had bought the bigger size previously and it hurt my finger. But this one came with 3 different sizes to try. The middle one worked for me. It takes a bit to get used to. But my wedding ring no longer constantly flops around to the side of my finger. I do have too take off my ring occasionally when my fingers swell. But otherwise I'm very pleased.
It  feels like tape on the ring and it slides back and forth.  Do not buy this.
did not like the feel of this on my finger.
These really worked for me.  Relatively easy to put on and very comfortable.  Just what I needed for my wedding band to stay in place!!
Works well!
Very satisfied.
Works perfectly! I'm so glad I have this. It gives me peace of mind that my ring isn't going to fly off.
Loved the mini one but I cut it like it said if it was a bit tight and whenever I took my ring off it would pop off aswell as slide up and down then ring. So better off not cutting it and it only came with one mini.
Didn't fit right. I can't use them.
"Good product but temporary solution, professional resizing is a must!"
Never stayed put. Tried putting it on my ring and stayed but then fell off.
"I wear a 6.5 in rings but have to order a 7 when the ring doesn't come in half sizes.  A 7 fits over my knuckle but is loose at base of finger and spins around.  I ordered these Ring Noodles to see if they would help me, and I couldn't be happier.  I did not use the petite but did use the 2 others.  They were easy to apply and work very well to tighten up the ring so it doesn't spin around finger.  They are not noticeable at all.  In order to remove the ring from my finger, I found if I pinched and removed the Ring Noodle first, the ring comes off much more easily.  These are great.  I will be buying more for my other rings.  I just wish you could buy 3 of the same size or could customize your order to only get the ones you needed."
Make rings fit better.
junk - too thick hard to use- not worth the $
"This was the perfect solution for my ring - it is too big on my finger and spins, but if I have it sized smaller it won't fit over my knuckle. The petite ring noodle works perfect for keeping my ring snug on me finger and preventing it from spinning. It is comfortable and hardly noticeable!"
These fit perfectly and you can hardly tell they're on your ring! I'll be ordering these again!
Works great!
"It helps my ring from slipping all the way around, but still slips some. I still have to adjust the noodle some."
I lost weight while pregnant due to hyperemesis & needed something to keep my engagement & wedding band on until I gained the weight back. These did not work & would slip off the rings. Great idea in theory but do not work.
These have fallen off my rings many times.
easy to use and works as it should
"These work, but they are a teensy bit uncomfortable at the edges.
Still, it's better than losing your ring!"
Ring Doodle Does The Trick!
"Perfect for a ring that's too big. I didn't want to have to get my wedding ring sized for a second time, so I bought this. It works great. The only thing I didn't like was that it captures water when washing your hands."
"My engagement ring gets too big during the winter. This is the perfect solution. I had a metal guard, but it was scratching my ring. Great product. I never take it off now."
This product does what it says . Well worth the money .
Love this product!
Works very well
"Totally not a fan. These are only useful if you need to take your ring down by 1-2 sizes... not even a possibility to use if your ring is close to the size it should be.

Check out the ""Ring Magic Ring Safety Bands"" instead... I ordered both and found those to work much better for me."
"This was a great quick fix to making my ring fit perfectly. I was deciding if I wanted to resize my ring and this was a great way to keep my ring snug without feeling like it was going to fall off. If you're inbetween sizes and don't want to resize just yet, this is a great alternative."
Such a great thing! The only thing about the ring noodle that I don't like it's that it swivels around!
"Not the best, shifted from top of ring to bottom of ring, would be a good temp fix, but not to use everyday"
"My ring is about 1/2 size too large due to my fat knuckles, lol. But this did the trick! Easy application and doesn't snag my hair. Love it!"
I got is wrong size because I have x-wide ring and none of these doesn't fit well on the bottom of ring.  I will have to return it.
"With having very narrow fingers and with it being cold outside, this product definitely helped with my larger sized ring. The ring fits perfectly now and doesn't rattle around on my finger every second. Not sure if this would be a long term solution, but so far I love the product!"
Perfect.
"Very comfortable. Not like the ones in the jewelry stores. (Claire's)
Super satisfied!"
"I wouldn't waste my money on this again. Works great if you take your rings off every time you was your hands or do dishes, I do not. I finally just took mine to the jewelers and had it sized."
These gave me time to where my rings before I had them sized. Can't feel or see them.
It worked for me! I didn't want to spend a lot of $$ to resize my rings. This was easy to place & inexpensive fix.
"It came quick in the mail. The idea is nice, but if you wash your hands, then forget about this staying in place. I wash my hands repeatedly thru out the day and this thing just falls off once it gets wet. I am no longer using this product. I tried to use it and it just would not stay on the ring."
"My fingers shrink when they're cold so my ring is just a little bit too big, but I'm afraid if I have it made smaller it won't fit come summer. I bought this hoping it wouldn't be to bulky like other ring guards and it's perfect! I can't even tell I have it on and you can barely see it from the bottom. It's a little bit difficult to put on at first. The seam can be hard to find but its there!"
"It does what it's supposed to (made my ring fit), but I found that it irritated the skin on my finger after several weeks of constant wearing. I had to stop using it."
absolutely worthless in my opinion I would not buy this product again!
They do the job.
I love them.  The only issue is when removing the ring from finger the ring noodle pops off.  When they are on the finger they are wonderful.
These were exactly what I need to continue wearing my ring while I waited for it to be sized.
It does the job. It is comfortable. I've been wearing one for at least a month and it seems to wear well. I have had no issues.
Worked well for a couple days and then kept popping off yet the other sizes didn't fit well so no longer using these.  Maybe they'd worked well for a different ring but not the one I have.
Did the job.  Will slide off but overall did the trick and comfortable.  I would purchase again.
"It got the work done, but the edge's are too sharp to be comfortable."
Just as described!  Second time buying because first was good but hard to clean after 1.5 yrs.
"While these worked great during the first week, they eventually became hard and uncomfortable, stretching to the point of falling off. Save your money to get your ring resized."
Love this! My ring was way too big but this has helped. Great for a temp fix which is why I purchased it however it seems to be my permanent fix.
Only works on thin banded rings
"It's a simple product that does make your ring fit more snuggly, but it traps water at every handwashing and Purelling and slid along the band towards the front of my ring. I think it is great for special occasions/jewelry but not an every day solution. The bag comes with three sizes and did arrive promptly."
Very quick turn around. Bravo to the seller. Fits perfectly and comfortable. Perfect. Thank you!
"Please do the trick in a pinch. I have found them annoying for long-term use. They don't slip off the ring, but you can certainly tell they are there. Great product for the price"
Exactly what I needed
Ordered because I had a couple of rings that were too big. Tried each one to see which one made a better fit and it completely stretched out the one that I would need for my other rings. Slides around quite a bit unless you need the thick one or the thinnest one. The order did come in a week early which was nice. Still wearing the only one that didn't stretch out.
There little scratchy to skin but not too bad but only had mine for 2 days and looks little warped one side is not completely on ring for most part is but have taken off quite a few times ring because I don't want to damage my ring from my work from chemicals but the ring noodle is cheap most part it works for price prevents mostly from spinning on finger
Exactly what I needed for my engagement ring!
Pretty much useless
This is definitely a great product to use but only temporarily. It can be a bit tricky to get on but it's not impossible. I'm sure you could make this out of crafts supplies on your own but this is just easier. It worked for me and I'm now able to wear my wedding ring so I'm happy.
Absolutely perfect. Much better than using the metal sizes they have at the jewelry stores.
"Works perfectly and they're clear so unless someone looks closely you don't notice them on the inside of your finger, shipping was fast too!"
These are quite stiff and the inside diameter is quite small. But they are worth a try if your ring slips too much. Better information on sizing would be helpful.
DOESN'T STAY ON - I MAY BE DOING SOMETHING WRONG BUT NOT PATIENT ENOUGH TO USE IT.
"Little awkward to put on and feel a little awkward on, but they do work."
"Fits on ring, but does move."
"Bought 2 sets of these cos they're awesome. My engagement ring is a 6.5 but it's a bit loose when it's cold out so I got the petite ring noodle which brings the size down about a 1/2"". I can't even feel it's there. You can wash your hands and the noodle stays in place."
not worth the $. lost them off ring within weeks. collects gunk.
"Now I can wear my ring!  Thank you.  It doesn't come off, and the ring is comfortable."
Use it every day on my engagement ring in the cold months before my fingers swell up in the summer. It's keeps it in place while being very discreet. Love that it saved me from having to resize my ring.
"Ordered for my fiancee, does the job perfectly - easy to put on, comfortable to wear, can be cut down easily for a custom fit. It's visible obviously, but not noticeable to most people."
"I was super excited to receive a beautiful ring for Christmas, but my enthusiasm dampened considerably after I found that the large stone in the middle unbalanced the ring and caused it to constantly rotate toward, and irritate the two neighboring fingers. An online search for solutions led me to this product, and I'm happy to report that it worked perfectly. No more rotating, and I am back to being super excited about my ring."
"Works great to size larger rings down. I can always count on this old school sizing method to work. The noodle even protects the shank from scratches. The only problem I have with any plastic sizers like these is the ends of the plastic are so hard that they feel slightly uncomfortable in the palm of your hand. If the manufacturer could make the ends a soft plastic, they would be IDEAL! Thank you ring noodle!"
"My wife's ring was a little loose, so we purchased these instead of having it permanently resized. She loves it. It makes her ring more comfortable and fit properly when her fingers shrink."
"Good for temp fix, though not permanent solution. I used it for about a month until I got my engagement ring resized. It scratched the back of my finger a bit but not too much at all, and if it wasn't a ring I wear everyday, the noodle would have sufficed."
Great for a temporary fix but definitely easy to pop off and get lost. They work but if you're looking for a permanent fix you will need to buy several.
Fits perfect.
Have only used the smallest one. Goes on easily and makes my ring about  a size smaller. It stays on well and stops the ring from spinning.
"I am so pleased with this product! My engagement ring is the correct size, but spinned around my finger constantly. The jewler said he could not size it down any smaller because it would not fit over my knuckle. I purchased the Noddle, slipped it on, and my ring instantly fell into place. It doesn't spin or slip, just sits perfectly! Great little product and I know it will save you tons of money."
Made fit perfect.
great for sizing a ring that is between sizes
The excellent and very satisfying thing!
"These are not terribly comfortable, but they absolutely do in a pinch until you can get a ring sized down!"
"Don't even bother with this product. They say to trim it down if needed, and as soon as I did it split right open and slid all over the place. Not to mention how disgusting my ring got within a few days. Lotion and water just hung out in there. Gross. Nice try guys, but try again...."
didnt like
Worked great until one day later when I noticed it fell off somewhere and couldn't find it thats cash wasted
It works very well for me. My knuckle is big and my finger is thin so this keeps my ring from sliding around and I can remove my ring if I take off the ring adjuster. The large size fits my wedding band. I find it comfortable. It hasn't gotten loose or fallen off. I temporarily turn it around to the outside of my finger when I need to do something where it could catch or get in the way.
nope
My daughter said these work great
Works perfectly!
"Stays on the ring, which is really helpful.  The kind I used before would come off the ring easily."
These noodles were too small for my ring and too think to get past my knuckle.  I will continue to look until I find the right 'fit'.
"This arrived with 3 different ""guard"" sizes. I used the biggest one and it made the ring fit perfectly. I guess after a few weeks of wearing it- I would sometimes take my ring and guard off. I noticed the ""guard"" stretches and comes off a little easier. Definitely a short term fix before getting the ring resized."
"These work, however the opening edge is rough when putting hands together. But it works to use on rings that are too big."
"These are awesome! The rubber is so thin that you don't even know it's there! It perfectly around my ring, leaving it snug but yet still comfortable. I had bought other ones from Walmart and they were nothing like these."
"I have been using this with my engagement ring for 6 months and love it.  The ring is ever so slightly loose, but I don't want to resize as I am worried my fingers will get fatter as I age and the design of the ring means it is hard to resize (there are stones along half of the ring)."
"These are great, they came quickly and come in 3 different sizes.  I find them to be very useful to help protect you from loosing those treasures, it fits my ring perfectly, is easy to wear, does not slip,, even after hand washing.  They are not cumbersome, stay in place and keep your ring secure on your finger."
It is VERY bulky and not useable.
Works fine
Works perfectly.
"I recently got engaged and my ring is a size 5, which I normally wear.  For some reason, my ring was a little loose and would spin.  I found these as a solution instead of getting my ring resized.  These work really great!  They are comfortable and not noticeable.  I no longer have fear that my ring is going to slip off!  You do have to put the noodle back on if you take the ring off to wash your hands, but no biggy.  Really happy with this purchase!"
I did the trick for my fiances ring but after a few months it became dark and it doesnt come off. I will end up buying another one to replace the black one till we go get it resized. My fiance works a desk job so for it to be this dark after a few months is strange.
Really bothers my finger. More annoying than hurt type of bother.
"It works nice, but after a while, the fact that it sticks out on the inside makes it a little uncomfortable. The concept is great, but if it was thicker on the inside and thinner on the palm side, that would be better. Thanks."
Didn't stay on my finger.
"I have been using one of these for over a year now on my engagement ring that ended up being a little too big.  We haven't had the opportunity to get a resize yet, so this definitely is a worthwhile purchase!"
"I am so thrilled that these work exactly as advertised.  I have small fingers and the wedding band that my husband and I chose only comes down to size 5 and I'm a 4.  As soon as I saw these, I knew I had to try them because the price is so low and nothing I tried to jerry-rig on my own was working!  When ordering, I made sure to select the correct ring band width by measuring with a ruler, as that's vital to obtaining the perfect fit.

I was delighted to see that there was 3 of them included in the purchase!  It was pretty easy to get onto the ring - you have to put some effort into getting it on the band, but that's what you want, so that it stays on tight.  It worked perfectly.  I may even try to trim the noodle down, as you can see it from the side at many angles, and I'd prefer it was less obvious.  And since they give you a few of them, I'm not worried if I mess one up, because I can just replace it with another one that I don't trim.  What a useful product and great value this was!"
"I bought the narrow prior, and didn't realize they came in different sizes.  The smaller sizes in this set are softer and make the ring just small enough to fit my finger perfectly.  The only problem is, when you wash your hands, water and soap can seep into it, so I take it off when washing."
"EXtremely disappointed. Ended up paying over $8 for probably 2 cents worth of plastic tubing(literally 2 cents worth, 3 tiny pieces that are too flexible and come off the ring too easliy). I would not buy it again and I really feel ripped off."
I use one for both my engagement ring and my wedding band and they work very well!
"You can't beat the price for a solution to rings that need resizing. My engagement ring has been too big since I lost weight and I never get around to taking it to the jeweler. Now that I can wear it again, I may get it fixed permanently. At first the noodle slips off sometimes but after about a week or two it's broken in and is more comfortable and doesn't fall off. I used one of the extras in the package to fix a smaller, much less expensive ring."
Too bulky to use on my bridal set comfortably
"Great material. Doesn't dry rot easily. Remember to get a size fit for your ring style. This is a bit big for slim rings, but can work just right for some wider bands. (Honestly, you could just buy fish tank tubing, and cut it to the length you want. Or go to Home depot or Lowes and look for flexible water tubing that might work cause that's basically what this is, only really good quality. Fast shipping too. Would buy again. Great job"
"Three weeks after putting on the ring noodle, the white gold band of my antique engagement ring broke cleanly along the edge of the noodle. Instead of only paying to get my ring resized, I've now had to have the band remade. I cannot recommend this product."
too small. unable to use any of them.
Can see noodle too well.
"Works quite well for a reasonable price.  Much better in my opinion than the metal ring guards.  There are three sizes.  I ordered the medium initially for several relatively normal-sized men's rings  and, while I was able to force the Ring Noodles on, the fits were not perfect.  I then ordered the large and the fit was perfect.  Just know that if you have a larger ring, I do think they run a tad small.  Otherwise, no issue."
Love the product! What a great idea!
Great
"Customer service was spot on by this company! The product is as expected, though unfortunately just won't work with the shape of my ring (a bit flat and squared off at the bottom). But for ""normal"" ring bands it should work very well."
works well
Perfect
"uncomfortable after some hours of use, had to remove them due to rubbing a sore.  wouldn't recommend.  not the worst but definitely not the best."
Lost after two days. Uncomfortable.
My rings are even thinner than some thin rings so they don't always hold stably but still good
Way too small did not fit. watch out for ring size.
"This seller is great to work with.  I originally ordered the wrong size but they immediately offered to send me the correct one, which they did.  The noodle works great for me because during the cooler months my ring tends to spin around my finger.  Since that's not the case other times of the year re-sizing my ring isn't a viable option for me."
I love the material. Seems sturdy so far (had them for a couple weeks) doesn't turn colour. May not be the easiest to get on at first but that just means they won't fall off ;) just give them a twist while applying and it will slip into place. Great sizes. Really worth the buy.
"Bulky, too long, did not like, ended up throwing away"
Great product and totally worth the money!
Bulky and falls off if you sweat.
"Makes the ring about a half size smaller.  But the edges are rough, and the plastic is hard, so it's not extremely comfortable to wear.  When you put it on, it remains split open.  And I have a very thin band.  I was hoping it would be a soft rubbery type of ring sizer, and it's not."
Doesn't stay on the ring.
"It is very easy to use, and helped my ring be tighter.  The edge of the noodle is not smooth and can dig into your finger, which may hurt if you have thin and sensitive fingers."
Works great! Having the different sizes is great for different climates and activities. Easy to slip on and off.
I've been wearing it for over a month now on my wedding ring and I love it! Don't even notice it and it doesn't pinch like other ones from different makers
"I absolutely love this product! It arrived very quickly and came with three sizes, as advertised. I bought it for a ring that was just a bit too big and was afraid of having it fall off my finger during the colder seasons. I used the smallest Ring Noodle and the ring fits perfectly now! It's extremely comfortable and prevents the ring from spinning or slipping off. It's also clear so it's not extremely noticeable. Wonderful product, I highly recommend it!"
"Great product,fast shipping"
This works very well.  I prefer the smooth design as opposed to the RinGuard style.
Works perfect
"Very hard to get on a Verragio ring, couldn't use."
Worked at first but then started peeling off while I was wearing it.  Good for very short term use.
Got item fast! The narrow is thicker than i would like and the opening on the outside catches on things.
"Worked wonderfully!  Because it is clear, you can't even tell you have it on when you flip your hand over.  Easy to put on and it stays in place."
Alright product.  Didn't work well with bulky rings
"I'm losing weight and don't want to have my ring sized until I've reached my goal so I only have to pay for that once.  :)  The ring noodle is the perfect temporary solution.  I love that there are three sizes.  Right now, I'm using the thinnest one and will likely have to change to the medium one in about 10+ pounds.  Soft and flexible, inconspicuous and barely know it's there."
"I recently ordered a ring online, and not being sure of my size, I received a ring maybe a half size or more too big.
I did some research and found the Ring Noodles and ordered the variety pack - which was so helpful (I wouldn't have even known what size to buy of the noodles!).

The first one that I tried - the mini - was very hard to get on and didn't seem to want to stay, so I tried the next step up (the petite) and it was perfect.  I haven't had to cut the ends like some people have; it just stays on and I'm not really aware of it.

My ring fits perfectly now,and I don't have to worry about losing it."
"Was bulky. The product worked fine, but I always felt it on my finger."
"I love this product.  I have arthritis in my hands.  The size of my fingers fluctuate.  I had my ring made larger by a jeweler, only to have the swelling go down.  This guard is easy to get on and off the ring.  I use it when my fingers are normal, and then can remove it when my fingers get swollen."
"Love these  they are easy to use
fit"
Very comfortable. Best I've bought yet. Comes in 3 sizes. Perfect!
"only used one size, don't always need different sizes, and $3 at walmart"
"I got my engagement ring resized at the jewelers, and when I got it back- it fit fine. But come the colder weather, it is loose again and moves on my finger. Extremely frustrated, I came to Amazon to find the Ring Noodle. I saw a few reviews and pictures and decided to give the purchase a try... I actually love the ring noodle and it works great! It is small and barely noticeable. I don't wear it everyday- only days I know it's going to be really cold and my fingers are going to shrink. My only concern for others is that my band is thin.. I'm not sure how well it would fit for someone with a thick band or a wedding band soldered together."
Vary nice.make all my wifes ring fit parfact .
Very cheap but that is what they are.
These rings are more stiff and not as pliable as others I have gotten. They are okay but not great.
Garbage.  Put it on my ring and within 10 minutes it was lost. Save your money.
"the shape of these hug the ring perfectly, better than any other of this type of product I've had in the past."
Perfect  description
it doesn't work.  it fell off the ring.  i will go to a jeweler and have one put on
"Perfect,  exactly what I want."
Love these!!!
didn't work.  Too inflexible to get over the knuckle.
Gets the job done !! each one last roughly about two months with all wear and tear .
Works great.
"Well, so far (I've had these things for about 2 weeks) they work slightly better than the ring guard they gave me at the jeweler's, but only slightly. The ring still slides around on my finger if my hand gets wet or a little sweaty.  It may be that there's just no perfect solution for having skinny fingers with fatter knuckles.  I could go and have the ring fitted to my finger, but that means if my fingers should swell up for any reason (heat, medication, weight gain, etc.) it could get painful and they might have to cut the ring off. So, a lesson in ""Life isn't perfect"".  My grade for this item would be a C+."
I purchased another ring guard and it didn't work well it was visible and uncomfortable these work great!  It's not notable and feels fine try them yourself you won't be disappointed.
it was too big for my ring  it spins around. :-(
"For the price this is a really good product. I don't want to get my ring sized smaller because of my knuckle, but the ring turns. The noodle is clear so no one knows I am wearing it and it is very comfortable. Would give it 5 except it discolored after two weeks. Still not a big deal, since no one can see it."
"The edges dig at my ring finger too much; cannot wear them, even after I made them shorter by cutting and took the edges off.  Might work for someone else, but not a good fit (pardon the play on words) for me."
uncomfortable.
"This thing works!! I would suggest buying the 3 pack, as I was not sure which one would fit best. The middle sized one fit perfectly, and now I don't worry that my engagement ring will slip off when washing my hands!!"
ehhh it hurts my finger
the item is way overpriced for what it is.  25 cents worth of plastic
Doesn't work.
"I like these ring guards better than the metal ones as they don't scratch the metal of the ring.  They are easy to put on if sometimes a little bulky under your hand.  I also like the fact they they come in different sizes for various thicknesses of ring.  There is supposed to be overlap on the sizes, however, the medium is a little small for the ring I am using it on (there is a gap on the side slit), and the large size is too big (slides around).  You can adjust the amount of sizing by cutting the plastic easily with scissors.  The length of the ring guard is what adjusts the sizing...a long length reduces the size more than a shorter length.  The only drawback is that it's not easy to determine how much to cut off.  Just start off with a little at a time until the ring fits.  I'm unsure how long the guard will last with constant use, but I still prefer them over a metal guard."
Thank you for my order. These are a great idea especially as I have osteoarthritis in my fingers. I found the ring noodles to be uncomfortable. They need to be a more supple tubing.
Even the smallest one was too bulky
These are nice and make my wedding rings fit much better.
"This is a great idea, and it worked for a bit.  But, after the first few weeks, the ring noodle got loose roll over and would flip around, making it impossible to keep it on the ring.  So, it works, but only if you are willing to replace every 3-4 weeks."
"I was worried they would be irritating or too bulky. I've worn them for a week at a job where I use a keyboard everyday, they are extremely comfortable, and easy to place on the ring."
"My fiance surprised me with his proposal so the ring size wasn't quite right (turns out about 2 sizes big!). Wasn't able to get the ring resized so we gave this a shot and I love it!
I'm using the thickest noodle from the set and it's really comfortable. You can obviously feel that it's there but you can't really see it which is great. I have it on all the time, even in the shower with all the slippery soap it still does the job. Definitely recommend!!!"
"Does the job and appreciate the three different sizes.  Very thick, though -- not exactly hidden.  Not super attractive."
It fell of the first day it was worn.
have reordered thanks this product worked very well
"Listen here... they full fill their purpose, but its highly likely that you will loose them. I lost one on the first  day and the other two the second day. They would pop off  and spring on my finger when is slide the ring to take it off or put it on. If u can manage these obstacles  and it is on then it works. But gl not loosing them. Waste of money"
"So happy with this purchase. My boyfriend proposed and my engagement ring was a size too big. We had it resized, however my office is so freezing that my ring still felt loose. I didn't want the ring cut again so I opted to try the ring noodle. It was easy to put on, and easy to cut if you want to make it smaller. Now my ring fits perfectly and comfortably. Also came with three different sizes for the best fit."
these work perfect! I needed my ring a 1/2 size smaller and the MINI's do the trick!
These won't stay on very well.
"Works great!  I had no idea how it would work, but it certainly fits better than the bulky, hard guards or trying to use those metal things!"
Product as described works very well.
Use these almost every day - super helpful for my costume jewelry.
A great solution for loose rings!
Thick
The holes were so small it didn't fit any ring I tried..
Put on my ring abd no more sliding of my ring. Recommend it
Ring Noodle arrived and only petite size works for my rings.  Vendor was nice enough to send me a package of 3 noodle in petite size.  It works well and comfortable to wear but it doesn't come out once awhile so just have to be careful.
"Overall, I think this product does what it is supposed to do, makes rings that are too big for your finger fit better. However, knowing what size you need is imperative. Ordering the assorted size kit is not an efficient way to purchase this item. I wear a man's flat wedding band that has recently started to slip off my finger due to recent weight loss. The ring is about a 1/4 of an inch wide so only the ""wide"" size would fit my ring; the other two sizes were useless. In addition, the wide size ring noodle was about 1/2 inch long with hard corners so wearing it as is caused irritation to my finger/palm. In order to wear the ring noodle without irritation I had to cut the ring noodle into about a 1/4 length; however, I could not do anything about the hard corners. If I could find a product that accomplished the same thing without the irritation I would change to that product in a hot minute. With the modifications I have made this product is tolerable at best, but I would not recommend using this product as is.

' size would fit my ring"
Serve its purpose.
This product worked great for me! I have thin fingers but larger knuckles so my ring had to be big enough to get to get over my knuckle. But it would swing around on my finger.  The ring noodle keeps it in one place and helps it from flying off when my hands are cold!
"this has been a lifesaver. i was constantly keeping my hand closed out of fear of losing my engagement ring. Its great that the pack comes with 3 noodles because i know ill have to use a bigger one before finally getting the ring resized. its a load off my shoulders knowing i don't have to worry about my ring slipping off anymore. Yayy! Plus, you barely notice its there."
"Pretty good product, but noodles pop off when taking ring off"
Good buy.
"They're a little uncomfortable, but they make my large, wide-band rings fit perfectly."
works great makes it snug
hard to use
Solid product with great results!!! Unlike other ring sizers it DOES NOT COIL around your ring. I have very sensitive skin and with other ring sizers that I ordered they coiled around the ring causing me to get an itchy rash. Thank you for making such a great product!!! (-;
Great buy works great
works great! love that there are three sizes. will purchase again
These work just like they say and are awesome!
"These were exactly what I needed. I could only use the narrow one to fit nicely on my ring, but for the price of this 3-pack I cannot complain. After about a month or so of wearing this on my ring consistently, it did start to collect dirt and ultimately turned a dark gray color so I had to remove it. I would definitely purchase again though and try to keep it clean for prolonged use!"
"Love, love, love them, perfect."
Great idea!!
I bought this pack as my engagement ring was slightly too big and I was not ready to get it resized. Now 8 months later i still wear it with my ring every day. It fits well and does not punch or bind. It also gives me piece of mind that I can still wear my ring if my finger swells a bit instead of resizing. Would absolutely purchase again.
does not hold ring in place well. Not worth the money.
Ordered this for my imitation engagement and wedding ring I plan to travel with that were too big (I have tiny fingers). The ring noodle works perfectly and is comfortable.
"It didn't help with the ring spinning as other reviewer suggested. It did help to resize it but was useless because it slipped right off, wouldn't stay on the ring.
I will take my rings for a jeweler to have ring resizing balls installed."
"this product is okay, but it bothered me when I had it on my rings."
"Work ok, but not very comfortable. Wife ended up not using them."
"Not very helpful, and unattractive on a ring."
fast shipping! the product fits well on the ring.
It suked not worth the price
"They keep my rings snug and upright but there's no way to choose how thick they are. The only difference in the sizes is how large the center hole is, but the actual thickness varies depending on the size ordered."
Exactly what I needed! My ring no longer slides around and it was very simple to put on. So grateful!
Wish one packet coveted all ring thickness
This arrived very quickly even without the prime 2 day shipping.  I have very large knuckle compared to the bottom of my finger so my rings are always loose and spinning. This popped right onto my run AFTER it was on my finger and voila perfection! No more spinning. Love it!
I needed something to help keep my ring on my finger a little tighter without going through the process of resizing. It works perfectly for my ring. It slides around a little but that really all I can say negative about it. I would recommend it to anyone.
"This ring noodle works well for a short amount of time. They fit perfectly and feel snugly. I love how they offer different sizes, so no matter what it's a perfect fit. But I wouldn't recommend it for a permant fix for a large ring. Once, you wear it for a times, the adjusters begin to fall off. I tried sliding them back in there but after so long, they just continue to keep falling off."
Perfect
I liked this at first but it got lost in the sink really easily when you wash your hands. I ended up losing all 3 of them.
It was exactly what I needed. I really like that it came in three different sizes so that I could pick the one that's just right. Thanks to this product my wedding ring no longer slips and slides off of my finger. I'll be ordering more when these wear out.
"Just what I needed. The guards are exactly as described. One of them was a bit difficult to put on the ring, but it works great."
By far the best of all the plastic tubed ring sizer's. These--unlike the others--stay put  and do not move around at all. These really are the best and I highly recommend them!
By far the best of all the plastic tubed ring sizer's. These--unlike the others--stay put  and do not move around at all. These really are the best and I highly recommend them!
By far the best of all the plastic tubed ring sizer's. These--unlike the others--stay put  and do not move around at all. These really are the best and I highly recommend them!
By far the best of all the plastic tubed ring sizer's. These--unlike the others--stay put  and do not move around at all. These really are the best and I highly recommend them!
its ok. I wish I could buy all the same size in a pack. I use some and throw away the others.
This product did nothing to keep my ring on my finger.  I would put it on and the next thing you know it had fallen off and I was replacing it.  I did this three times and finally gave up because I did not want my ring to fall off and lose it permanently.
I'm in the process of losing weight and with these ring guards I am still able to wear my rings. They are very easy to use and very comfortabe.
Perfect. You can't even tell you have it on. Great for people who have rings that fit in the summer but not the winter. Love. Also it has held up for about 6 months now of everyday wearing.
It worked for a temp fix but falls off a lot
"Was very pleased with them, Thank you."
Unconfortable
Unconforable
Such a clever idea!  My halo engagement ring was about .25-.50 a size too big.  I bought the skinniest size of the ring noodle and it works perfectly.  Its a great temporary fix if you do not want to resize a ring. I cannot comment of the larger size noodles but I cannot even feel this when I have it on. Wish it came with a couple more in the pack for the price.  These are easy to lose.
"My fingers tend to swell and shrink between a full size daily. After almost losing my Ering more then a handful I times, I decided to look at other options, as resizing would make the ring to small. I ordered the petite package and it works great for me. It holds my ring in place and I can't even tell I am wearing it. It was truly the answer to my problem. I have been wearing it for the last few weeks and have had no problems. I am going to order another five so if something does happen, I have another right away!"
I love this product.  It fits well on thin rings and is so comfortable I don't even notice it's there.
it worked
These are great for sizing rings and keeping them from spinning.
Cheap price which is indicative of its poor quality. Does not fit a tungsten band.
Great for smaller rings. If your ring is wide under your finger the noodle might not fit all the way around.
I love this product!  It really works!
Didn't work for me. Too bulky and uncomfortable!
Yuck!  Can't get it to work.
"It fell off in the car last night, and is under the seat."
"After trying some of that stuff you dip your rings into, which was an absolute mess and didn't work very well, I decided to try these. They WORK. Easy to use, exchange between rings, and don't bother me while on the finger. Sometimes the simplest solutions are the best."
Fits perfectly. Do not have to have my ring saved.
Great solution for loose rings
"Perfection! I was so hurt when my ring came back from being resized to see it still was loose! This fits perfectly I ended up using the largest one I think it was narrow.  It is comfortable I can't even tell its on and even though they will wear quickly I'm sure the price is unbeatable I can just buy more and plan too, thanks!!!"
This was a life saver this winter!! I will buy these again.
"This is such a great product. I have used each one on different rings that have different band widths. So far, great ! Easy to put on once you find the slit. Really helps to keep rings in place. Much better than having my rings resized and not paying $500 plus for ring guards my jeweler recommended, )not the ones used in the 80's that turned your finger green)."
At first I was very pleased with the fit & comfort of the Noodle Ring but it came off after wearing it for only one day. Since it's so small & clear I know I'll never be able to find it. It's great for an inexpensive quick fix but not for long term use.
Love the ring noodles came in handy & would purchase again & great value:)
"Worked on all three of my rings, very happy with these."
perfect!!! now I can wear my rings
"Works well, not very attractive"
Product works as advertised and very cheap for the price. Make sure you get the size right as there a multiple then buy the same size packs
Does not fit all sizes of ring. Make sure you only buy this for very thin bands.
PERFECT
I love this ring noodle. My fingers are narrow closer to my hand and wider at my knuckles. I had rings resized and the rings still slipped around my finger. The ring noodle solved this problem. It's inexpensive and works better than anything I've tried.
Great product!
My gfs ring was a bit loose and this is a great fix until we get it actually sized down
They didn't work well!
"bought this for my sister's engagement ring because it was too big. she was happy with these ""noodles""."
This does the job.  I am completely satisfied. No more annoying loose ring turning upside down on my finger anymore!
"It does exactly what it's supposed to do, make my large ring smaller so it fits and I can wear it! I gave the Ring Noodle 4 stars and not 5, as it's uncomfortable after a few hours of wearing it. But it does the job great!"
A+
"The Noodle works fine for making my rings fit better, the only problem I have with them is, they don't stay in place and slide around the band to the top of the ring."
"I use the two smallest noodles to help make my engagement ring fit better.  I am very nit picky and cant stand when my ring moves side to side or up and down my finger.  I have a larger knuckle, so I cant just re-size my ring, as it wouldn't fit if I did that... This was pretty much my only alternative.

I will have to say, it gets annoying having to put the ring noodles on, I wish I could just be a normal person, and not care if my ring moves side to side, or up and down a little.  Its not huge so it'll never just fall off my finger, im just a very easily annoyed person lol.

I also have one issue with them, I hate the fact that I feel the need to be careful when washing my hands as water easily gets trapped in the noodle.. I always have to take my ring off when i wash my hands because I'm afraid the noodle will start to stink if I don't get the water out, thats pretty much the only negative thing about these noodles, and I don't think its the design of them, i think you would have that issue with ANY type of noodle you buy.

I guess other than that, I really like them.  They are cheap and I can always order more if i need more :)"
Wasn't sure what to expect. So far the product seems durable. Does its job. Had to get use to it. It kinda rubs my other fingers. I thinknibjust need to cut it down a little.
"Worked great then it slipped off, will be buying more"
Love these. Exactly what I expected.
"They work,but will stretch and potentially come off after repeated use. So far, so good."
Ok. But after time the get hard. Somewhat annoying.m
Makes my ring fit perfectly and comfortable to wear
The ring noodle worked great. I purchased a ring that was a too big and would continue to slide around on my finger. I used the mini ring noodle as a temporary fix until I get the ring resized and it has done its job. My ring fits better and does not turn and slide around on my finger.
"Does the job, but not very comfortable."
I know these work just fine but I ordered the wrong size :(
"These work pretty good, you just have to be careful wearing them because they fall off."
The Ring Noodle is great idea.  It come three to a package in three different sizes.  The size I placed on my ring worked quite well until I lost the little noodle.  The other two that came in the package are not the right size for my ring.  It would be nice to order a package of three in the size I need then I would give it five stars.
kept falling off..lost all 3 within a month
Works exactly as advertised
It didn't work for us.  The ring is still too big.  It may work better if your ring only needs to be a tiny bit smaller.
"I gave this 4 stars because we have used them before and they work well.  However, we will not be able to use these because when they say ""thin"" they mean ""THIN""!  They are are for really, really thin rings so be aware of this when you order.  The rings we ordered these for are not large bands and so I thought it would work but not even close!  When you get the right size they are an easy, inexpensive solution to reducing ring size.  The first ones we ordered that fit the rings lasted about 3 years with everyday use.  Hope to get sizing right next time."
"This product reduces the size of the ring by more than the stated reduction.  Additionally, cost to ship is out of line."
Exactly what I wanted. It could be a bit snugger but I'm not unhappy with the product. Would buy more in the future.
Tricky to put on but they work.
Love this it doesn't hurt my finger . Easy to put on.
"It was ok for the first month or two, but overall not a great fix."
"I recently got engaged and my ring is a size 4. I needed my ring to be a little bit tighter. I used the middle sized noodle for my ring. Now, it fits perfectly without turning. Seller also shipped it fast! This is a great option if you do not want to permanently change your ring size. Especially, if you plan to get pregnant in the future. With my ring already being a size 4, resizing could mess up my diamonds. Before the ring noodle, I wore my ring for an entire week and I was paranoid about loosing it. Don't think about it, just try it. It's only a few bucks!"
this is a very easy to use ring sizer.  It doesn't pinch your finger or hurt at all.
"I don't normally leave reviews, but I've just gotta say that this is great. It works just like it should and isn't bulky. I can't even feel it or tell it's there. I bought a ring snuggie as well to compare and there's really no comparison. If you're in the fence, go with this."
"Too bulky, bugged my wife's ring finger."
Works just fine but feel they are over priced
"I know this product is cheap, but that's exactly what it is. The corners of the noodle are very sharp and not smooth at all. I had to take a razor blade to it to flatten the edges to at least make this product bearable to wear. After doing that, it only lasted less then a month because it stretches and gets so much gunk in it. It even started to smell because of all the stuff caked into it. Not recommended at all."
"They work, but I had to put 3 of them on my ring to keep it from turning. I have arthritic knuckles, therefore had to put them on with the ring on my finger, not easy to do...."
Kind of expensive for what they are.  Don't try to use the wrong size for a ring or they will work themselves off.  Otherwise they work very well.
It costs over a hundred dollars to have my ring sized. This noodle ring is perfect for adjusting size to fit snug preventing it from slipping off. It is comfortable and you can't beat the price. You can have your ring sized up a little for days that your fingers are a little bigger and use the noodle on days your rings fits loose.
"The sizing was a little tricky. My husband got ill and lost a lot of weight and therefore his wedding band kept slipping, nearly coming off often. I ordered medium based on my understanding of the sizing. If you're looking to get these for a typical man's ring, order the large. We like it that it's clear and practically undetectable."
This thing is the best invention EVER! It's clear so you don't even notice it and it is soft and flexible so it doesn't irritate your skin when you use it.  Keeps my ring from spinning around.  I love it.
"Does the trick if you need a little extra tightness on a ring, but the noodle itself (especially the medium and large sizes) are a little hard to get used to due to the size."
Easy to put on the ring. Feels a little bulky but not annoying.
It does the job although I wish it was more comfortable. I had to cut the tips to an angle to reduce actually feeling the noodle being on.
"Seems to work great. Only 4 stars right now because I've only have been using it for a few days, so can't speak for long-term use, but really works!"
These work well.  Thin rings only.  They keep the ring from moving around.
"Does the trick for my engagement ring! With my ring sizes varying so wildly during the hot and cold months, plus also now being pregnant, this is a great way to make sure my engagement ring fits securely. Definitely recommend this to anyone who's thinking about getting a ring resized."
Worked as described.
"They do what they're meant to do, keeps your rings from coming off."
"Doesn't fit on my ring, but if it did, it would be awesome. I will be purchasing a larger size if it's available."
"I wouldn't suggest buying this.  Mite be ok for ladies rings, but I would have just went to a hardware store if I had known it was a peice of clear hose. I'm returning mine. They did however send me a second one when the 1st was too small."
not for  me.
My ring still moves around and so does the ring noodle. This product might work for one evening but defiantly not a long term fix! I think I will try a gold ring gaurd.
"Personally, I love this ring noodle.  I have a gorgeous big solitaire that I just do not want to have sized.  I have big knuckles so when the ring is seated above my knuckle I found that the diamond kept spinning around driving my absolutely C R A Z Y!  This ring noodle literally solved the problem.... I use three of them which you put on after the ring is on... they literally resized the ring to a 7.5 and it fits perfectly.  They are clear plastic, so you cannot see them and they actually protect the band also.  And, they stay on the ring, .... don't come off as you use your hand.  I would definitely recommend this product."
Perfect!  Keeps rings on wonderfully and is surprisingly comfortable!
I've only used the larger one and it doesn't stay put at the bottom of he ring.  It tends to slide around.
"Great price, great product. I love wearing the ring with this on it. It fits great, and you can't even tell it's on there."
"Delivered on time and the 3 sizes are really helpful.  Depending on how swollen or not my finger is, I can use the mini and petite to size my engagement ring down about 1/4 or 1/2 size down."
I have bigger knuckles so my rings always spins on my fingers. This is a good solution and it really helps from spinning.
does the job.
These things don't last for very long. They eventually get looser too.
"Well, these ring noodles aren't pretty, but they DO work.  I feel like it's an eyesore when you can see the thick plastic noodle sliding around to the front of my finger, and it's definitely not pleasant when you wash your hands and get water and soap stuck under or inside the noodle, but it did make my ring a size smaller without having to hire a jeweler so I'm still super satisfied."
too bulky under my rings
"a little too big for my ring, so I ordered the narrow ones. What a good idea!"
It works but I do not find it comfortable. Also it is too difficult for me to get it onto the ring. The seller was delightful to do business with.
"Not a bad product, but I don't think it's going to have a long life. It keeps trying to slip off. It's too bad I couldn't buy 3 of one size. Bit of a waste to buy 3 and only keep one. I can wear my ring for now, and it's better than tape."
"I brought this product because my rings
 were way too big on me. Thanks to ring noodle it saved me a ton of money taking to the jeweler. I would buy this product over and over again. Try it today. You will not regret it."
"Works well for the reasonable price!
I'm very pleased with it!"
"Ring Noodle was exactly what I needed. I recently got engaged and my ring size was a whole number and a half too big. I went to a Jewelry store to have it sized but after spending $68 bucks the ring was still too loose. I debated having the ring resized yet again but my fiance suggested trying something like this product. Bingo. I actually prefer this to having my ring taken in a little more since there are points in the day where my finger swells and all I have to do is remove the ring noodle. Had I sized the ring again, I would have been in discomfort. The ring noodle is easy to insert. It hasn't fallen off in the month plus that I've been wearing it. I shower with it, wash my hands a hundred times a day and so far I haven't had any issues of the product coming off. No discoloration of the plastic and no slackening of its hold on the ring. The kit comes with three sizes. One was too big but the other two worked great. I ended up using the smallest of the three. I also like using this as an alternative to having the ring sized since I've seen my friends have to take their rings off during pregnancy or if they gain weight. My ring is only slightly loose without the noodle but I love that it keeps it snug, in place, and keeps it from spinning. Its not noticeable and its comfortable.  I loved it so much I bought two more in case I end up misplacing it."
Works great especially for someone whose fingers swell in the summer and shrink in the winter.
"It works as advertised - can't complain about it so far! I have a strangely sized finger - somewhere between a 3.5 and a 4 that likes to change between the morning and the night, and unfortunately my wedding ring is just big enough to slide up and down on my finger and be annoying. Resizing it would be a bit of an issue because of an embedded black diamond, so I opted for doing something cheaper (and less risky for my ring!) I ended up using the smallest size noodle and trimming just a bit off. Perfect! No more ring doing some weird dance up and down my finger as I'm trying to type emails at work all day. I'm not sure about the overall longevity of this kind of product but it's doing its job fine so far."
JUNK
"Great customer service, and the product works well, exactly as you expect it to."
"I only recently started wearing rings, and a few days after I bought a beautiful one was dismayed to find that the stone kept flopping to the side of my finger. These are the perfect solution. This pack comes with three different ""sizes"". As the picture shows, they're basically clear little tubes that you slip on the back of the ring (there's a cut down the middle so that you can push it onto the back of the ring). The instructions mention that you can trim them if they're slightly too big, but luckily they work perfectly as-is on my rings. I thought they might be very obvious, but it's subtle, and now my ring stays in place!"
"This product is doing exactly what I need it too. My fingers shrink and swell a fairly large margin, so when I recently got engaged I didn't want to size it down permanently too much. Sure enough it spins any time the weather is chilly. I purchased this based off the fact that it can work for long amounts of time (wax based products doing the same seem to need redone frequently, based off reviews) and metal sizers can scratch the band. I have been wearing this for a couple weeks now and because of the type of material it is, to me, not noticeable (I don't feel it and no one has noticed it), comfortable, and has completely stopped my ring from spinning.

If you are not sure about sizing, this is the sizing chart I was referred to when I emailed them
  Mini* - accommodates rings that are 0.5-2.0mm wide.
  Petite* - accommodates rings that are 1.5-2.5mm wide.
  Narrow** - accommodates rings that are 1.0-2.0mm wide.
  Medium** - accommodates rings that are 2.0-4.0mm wide.
  Wide** - accommodates rings that are 4.0-8.0mm wide.

I would not, however, leave this on frequently when washing hands and using soap in general. Mine did start getting a little soap scum build up and I've taken it off a couple times to clean the ""noodle"" and back of my band. It personally doesn't bother me."
"Well,this is a fee country and everybody is aloud to make a living. But,this product might cost 4 cent, to make. Total rip-off. Sorry,but this is how I feel about the product."
Good
Much better than another brand I tried.  I can now wear the vintage jewelry that's come from my family which are all kinds of sizes.
"I gave it five stars but I had to order a size up because the mini, petite, narrow was too small for the shaft of my ring.  The company was a gem to work with.  I highly recommend doing business with them.  The next size up worked perfectly.  I wear it everyday without any problems whatsoever.  It was the prefect solution for me because my knuckle is wider than where the rings rests on my finger.  I'm hesitant to have my ring resized because I read somewhere that fingers tend to be smaller during the winter months and we're headed into summer soon.  I'd hate to have it sized down and then be unable to wear it during the warmer months due to swelling.  This guard buys me time to find out and in between time is very, very comfortable to wear.  My ring is top heavy so no more shifting to the side which is quite annoying.  Plus, it's clear so it's barely even noticable."
"The product works to reduce the size of my wedding ring, but keeps falling off my ring if it moves or when I take it off to shower and wash my hands..."
My ring was 1/2 size to big. These work perfectly easy to use and barely noticible. Will buy again when this one wears out eventually.
Definitely works.
I've already lost two of the three noodles.  This product is flimsy and not worth the purchase.
"These work really well for what they do--give your ring a tighter fit. They are almost nothing however, just tiny pieces of plastic."
"This is exactly what I needed -- discrete, very easy to put on and take off, and with 3 sizes you're pretty much guaranteed that one will make it fit perfectly. You can even switch out for a bigger size in cold weather. The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is that you can feel it, it doesn't feel just like you're wearing a ring, and sometimes it's a little annoying. But worth it."
"The item arrived on time and it was easy to use. However, if your ring is more than two sizes big the ring noodles would not be enough. It does say that it will adjust a ring up two sizes only."
Definitely useful.
really made the right amount of difference for a few rings which fit over my knuckle but were loose once they were in place
love them
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE MY RING GUARDS!!! I would definitely recommend to others!!!
"Could not tell the difference between any of the sizes that got send. Would not fit my wedding band, even though it fell in the range of the advertised range."
"These work great! They are much better than ring snuggies because they are curved and conform to your actual finger shape. To adjust the sizes, I was able to use my glue gun and add a little bit of thickness. What's great is that I can peel the glue off easily to change the thickness. I would definitely recommend these. Don't wait your money on the ring snuggies."
Fit ok on my wife's ring
"This item is not durable. After two days or so it opens up. This item does not secure the ring, as its purpose is guard."
Does the deed. Been wearing mine for over 5 months now and still keeps my ring on
This has worked perfectly for my ring.  My hands change size too much to size my ring down.  It stays clean (as long as you take it off to put lotion on).
Love Them
"My fiance says they work great - keeps her ring from sliding off her finger, hardly visible, & not uncomfortable.
It's just clear tubing cut in small sections and along the length (small diameter, thick wall). An effective, inexpensive solution that shouldn't cost more than $2 per package."
"Wearing my ring noodle as we speak.  I have big knuckles and my engagement ring was loose once it got past the large knuckle.  It works perfectly and makes my ring fit snug and comfortable, no slipping or twisting backwards.  Highly recommended!!!!"
they work very good
Best product of its kind that I've found anywhere.
"These are hard to get on the rings.  The only one worth owning as far as what works for the various ring thicknesses I have is the largest one which isn't all that large.  If you have a little thicker ring where this goes, it won't fit and it's a little difficult to push on there.  I wouldn't recommend these, but buying just one size and a larger one like the biggest one offered on here unless you have a very thin tiny ring.  I am going to look locally and see what's around.  I did just realize that this says for THIN rings and they mean really really thin!!!"
Good for my engagement ring. Didn't want to resize it until after we get the wedding bands so using this for now. No complaints
Easy to get on an off even on finger.
"For the first few days of use the ""noodle"" worked wonderfully, my ring was snug and I didn't worry about losing it.  However, the plastic became hard and eventually actually cut another finger when washing my hands.  I'd suggest a softer plastic could prevent this problem."
"I used the Mini ""Noodle"" on my ring and for the first day it fit snug.  The next day the ""noodle"" slipped off my ring while it was ion my finger and it hasn't been seen since.  The remaining two ""noodles"" won't fit on the ring."
very hard to place on ring. Wouldn't buy again.
The product is not what I expected it to be. BUT as it is designed it works correctly and does a good job of keeping the ring in place.
The noodle created a perfect without being too bulky. I love it.
These are a great alternative to getting your rings permanently adjusted. The little tubes fit comfortably on the underside of the ring and make it fit more tightly. They are clear and you can hardly see them when you wear them.
Works as intended.  Use it to size a ring down by about 1/4 size.
Fit more loosely than I expected.  Good idea though.
Pieces keep falling out...done lost them all but 1.
It worked great. Thank u for all the great prices U have. 
"This goes on easily and makes my ring fit, but because there's no tapering at the opening, the space where you slide the ring in is always pinching the skin on the underside of my fingers."
These do not stay on very well at all.  They do resize a ring but after a couple of uses they fall of the ring.
"This is an excellent product, go for it. When you wear this you won't feel it's even there. It also protects bottom portion of my ring from scratches."
"Ring noodle is perfect .When  I'm wearing the ring noodle, it fits so perfectly I can't tell its on the ring.  A+"
Great item. Exactly what I needed
I like these. They do what they are intended to do.
"It's amazing! It is definitely more on the pricier option than the other ring sizer on amazon, but it definitely worth it! Fits on my ring perfectly! Fast delivery too! (Got it within 2 weeks)"
"I bought this because my Engaging ring seem way to loose, but this noodle isn't really comfy and does just a minimal difference. I definitely have to resize it. I would rather to go to Walmart than ordering it here. It costs more and took longer than expected."
I worked .. for about 1 minute .. Don't waste your money!
"Gets the job done. Make sure you pay attention to the sizing of the noodles though. Although says clear may show up with a very very light baby blue tint. I even stacked 2 up since I ordered the wrong size,l and needed it to be a little tighter and that has gone well so far."
"This is exactly what I needed. I have a ring that is not able to be resized and the Ring Noodle works great. I have tried other ring sizers but they are bulky and catch on things, they also pinch my finger if I make a fist. Not the Ring Noodle, it lies almost flat to my skin and doesn't catch on anything. So far it has stayed on and I am amazed by this product, I thought I was going to have to quit wearing my ring. I will be purchasing more of these for other rings. Thanks for an awesome product!"
These didn't work.
"Works great, I already lost the smallest size though. I do take my rings off a lot, it must have slipped off then. I can't use the other two sizes, they're to big. But it was still a good purchase."
"Exactly as described, works great. Would recommend without hesitation."
Dont like waste of money
"Don't really work.  They wouldn't stay on my rings, kept coming off."
"Just what was needed for a temporary fix for a ring that was slightly too big, about 2 sizes dowm"
"This works really well! My ring size changes with the weather, and these noodles keep my ring fitting when my ring is feeling a bit loose. It is virtually undetectable. I don't even feel that it is there. And since it is clear, it is barely noticeable as well. Much better than those metal adapters! No discomfort here. I highly recommend."
does not fit on a wide band
"First the good. It's not uncomfortable and does make my ring fit better. However, it takes away from the ring, accumulates dirt, and loosens up so that it doesn't fit completely flush around the ring. Also feels very cheap. Overall, it gets three stars for doing what I needed it to do. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone and once be bands are too stretched out to stay on the ring, I won't be reordering."
Not please with these at all will not fit many rings. To small for most  Has to be small round band ring
Satisfied with this product. I used on my granddaughter rings that need adjusting.
Works good if you only looking to size down 1/2 inch.
I went through 2 out of the 3 noodles in about a week or so. Didn't work for me maybe I am too active and do too many dishes I don't know. The third noodle doesn't seem to have a seam so obviously that isn't going to work at all.
Great product for the price and very comfortable. Like that they send 3 different ones so you can choose the best one for your ring. Shipping was fast. Pic shows one without noodle and one with.
They do what they are supposed to do but I found them uncomfortable to wear.  Packaging and shipping were good and timely.
"It does just what I want it to do. You can sort of tell it is on the ring, but I don't really find it any more annoying then the ring itself."
"Then large was too bulky, the medium was too loose, and the small was too big for my pinky ring.  Going to have to try something else.  Sorry Noodle, but I'll take the loss."
Great
ring still spins
"Absolutely hated this product. Just get your ring resized, much easier. Its worth paying a little extra. My ring is being sized as I write this review. Don't waste your money on this. It uncomfortable and noticeable."
Great product  but to bad your crooks selling  a 2 cent piece  of rubber for 6 bucks ....everyone  get 1 ft piece tubing  from home Depot 79 cent a foot slice n put on ring ...monopoly crooks ...shame on you
It didn't fit my ring. Will have to buy another size.
"After losing about 20 lbs. I noticed my rings were swirling around my fingers. That's a good sign for weight-loss progress, but I was concerned the rings would slip off my fingers and I'd lose them. So I bought these and it's the perfect solution!"
"what a great idea!  my engagment/wedding rings can't get over my arthritic finger, was afraid to wear them on my pinky and went to the jewelry to see about adding gold and size, can't do...so these ring noodles are great for what i need to wear them safely on my pinky."
"Tricky to slip it around the ring but if you succeed, it works."
Worka great :)
"Only one out of the sizes included worked for my ring (because the band is so thin). I will be ordering more because even though my ring fits fine for most of the year, apparently my fingers shrink a lot in cold weather!"
very uncomfortable cant wear it
"Works ok, but rubs your finger"
It certainly beats wrapping scotch tape around my ring band!!!
Too thick on my rings.
"Great, easy to use product.  I only wish there were 4 in a package instead of 3."
Nice.
terrible! do not work at all!
"This ring noodle does the job of helping my ring stay on during the cold winters when my fingers seem to be smaller. It's invaluable when it protects against losing my ring! The only thing I don't really like is that after a while the plastic noodle becomes a bit hard, at the beginning it was a soft, flexible shape, but now it has seemed to harden up a bit and the edges are almost a bit sharp. It's not a huge issues except if I have my ring on when I try to put moisturizer or anything else on my face. So be sure to remember to take it off when applying any types of lotions (the lotion also gets stuck in the ring noodle)."
This is what I needed just wish I got the bigger ones because the small ones slip off my ring.
Works great
"I had trouble figuring this out getting it to work.  My hands are small and my strength in my hands is not great so combined with some arthritis,  it was a bit difficult to use.  I'm sure they are great if I had a bit more flexibility."
"I used the thinnest noodle to reduce my size 4 ring to size 3.5. Works perfectly, will buy again!"
Makes my promise fit perfectly.
Product came as expected.
Still getting use to it but feels funny on my figure but does it cought on stuff
Did not work right
"This is as good as it gets for bringing my ring size down 1/4 to 1/2 size.  It is a bit difficult to put on and take off because the plastic is VERY stiff, but this is also what makes it last months and months.  One lasts probably 6 months and this is with constant washing my hands, showering, washing dishes, etc.  The plastic does not break down easily.  I bought the ""PETITE"" ones in the past and found that not only did they NOT WORK well in sizing down the ring (it slipped around), but the plastic broke down after one or two weeks.  That can get very expensive replacing them constantly.  I highly recommend the NARROW Ring Guard because it works."
"This ring guard was so small that it really didn't work for me. My ring still wobbled around.  The plastic also disintegrated pretty quickly after a few weeks.  I now buy the ""narrow"" size instead.  It helps tighten up my ring by 1/4 to 1/2 size and the plastic lasts much longer."
Hard to use.
My fingers swell and shrink a lot so I didn't want to size my ring again. This this is perfect and does the trick!
Love them fit perfect and don't notice that it is on the ring.
I love these ring noodles! They are very comfortable and fit perfect! Thank-you!!! :)
"Does what it is supposed to. Now I can where some rings that were too big, Glad I purchased them."
Does exactly what it says it does and fits comfortably and just as expected.  Well worth the price and I'll be ordering more Ring Noodles for rings with thicker bands.
"served the purpose,nice to have 3 size choices also"
So happy that I didn't have to get my ring resized!
Don't waste your money. Ring still fits too big and turns around my finger.
Works well  on small rings
Very clever little device to make too-large rings fit better. Easy to put on the ring I needed re-sized and barely noticeable once on.
"Arrived quickly, Quality Product!"
"Arrived quickly, Quality Product! Works Great!"
"Arrived quickly, Quality Product!"
"This fit better and was more comfortable than the other, flatter type of ring size reducer.  The only sad thing is it fell off and got lost the first day I used it. I will definitely try again."
My wife loves it .  It mates both her wedding and engagement rings together
"These work, but it really depends on the type of ring band."
Although it worked well in sizing the ring it wasn't very comfortable with prolonged wear.
works perfect
This works.
Allows me to wear my engagement ring as I recover from surgery.
"Junk,  maybe I got the wrong size but they didn't work.  Never buy this again.  Would have returned but to cheap for the hassle of returning."
"I like it
only one actually fit my ring and it is still too big but I use it anyway."
they would work great if they would stay on the ring!!
These things are awesome. Work like a charm. I but them a couple times a year. Lasts a couple moneach for each noodle.
"extremely disappointing, lost the noodle in less than one wearing, hard to put on, would not recommend or re-order, a waste of money."
"Its good, the only thing is that it just fits on thin rings. Didnt work for my ring set of three pieces :("
"The 2 out of 3 ""rings"" work fine,but the third one got cut by the sharp shank of an antique ring  and split. I emailed their Customer Service Agent and the person replied demanding a picture and said "" We have never seen a broken one out of hundreds of thousands sold. It is virtually impossible to break one"". Well, I guess there is a first time for everything, and the way they addressed customer's concern is disrespectful - as if we have nothing better to do but worrying about replacing a piece of plastic that is <$2.00. I am very disappointed with this company."
"Bought these to keep my wedding/engagement ring together and to help the sizing since it's winter and my rings are fitting looser. The noodle kept them together much better than using nothing, but they still needed to be readjusted several times throughout the day. After taking it on and off for about two weeks, the plastic was already getting stretched out, which made me wonder how long it would be before I'd have to replace it.

I do feel like these worked better at keeping the rings together than they did at actually SIZING the ring(s). The small one fit my very thin engagement ring perfectly, but didn't add enough bulk to really size it. The middle-sized one kept the two rings together, but needed constant readjusting. The largest one was way too thick--it fit my thin engagement ring, but the plastic was too thick to get it on under my ring once it was already on.

In all, it really felt like a half measure. After using this for about two weeks, I just went to the jeweler and got them soldered together which has alleviated most of my problems. The rings no longer spin, but are still fitting a tad too large, so I may continue to use the noodle for sizing only during the winter months, but it's not something I will want to deal with everyday. The reality is though, there just aren't that many other options.

""The moral of the story is: I chose a half measure, when I should have gone all the way."" - Mike Ehrmantraut"
material that it is made of is too hard so it makes wearing it on a ring uncomfortable.
the narrow and medium ones work as expected on the rings the ring noodle set was purchase for.
Works well on engagement ring until it could be resized.
"Exactly what I needed for my oversized wedding ring set. I was surprised at what a simple solution these noodles were, if only I had ordered them sooner, I could have been wearing them full time rather then putting them back in the box.

I had my wedding rings sized many a time due to constant water gain/reduction in my fingers, not understanding the damage that was happening, by the time my rings came back from the jeweler they didn't fit again. The last time they were sized they were done a full size larger than I requested, to fix them (due to thinning of the bands) would have cost me to have the rings melted down and restructured, which would have cost well over what I paid for them to begin with."
Fell off after the first day. Disappointed.
"The first set I purchased were too small for my ring band, so I ordered the medium, ltg & xl.. One of them fit around the band, but when I put it on my finger it is very tight. The plastic tubing is just too bulky."
The petite fit my ring perfectly. This was the exact item I need for my engagement ring as I cannot have sized. Fast Shipping.
uncomfortable to wear
"I was Leary about ordering this product, as I was worried it would just fall off!  But since the day I put it on it has been a perfect fit!  Holds my ring perfectly on my finger and isn't uncomfortable at all!  Took me a couple days to get used to it but now it just feels like part of the ring!  It works perfectly and hasn't fallen off once even when washing my hands!"
The ring noodles works well.  I bought my daughter a ring for Christmas and didn't want to get it sized since she's still growing.  This ring noodle is unobtrusive and does the trick.
"Save your money and get these at Walmart for under $3. So you can return them. Or, better yet, as other reviewers have said, just buy--and cut--aquarium tubing from your local pet store. Functionally, this made my ring fit, but by the end of the day, my hand was sore. So, this will only work on an occasionally worn ring."
"It took me some time to get used to this. That wasn't really an issue, I do not go anywhere without my wedding ring. After I got used to it, I had no real complaints until recently. It wore the rhodium off of my ring. It is good for a couple of months, but I would not recommend using it for a solution for longer then that."
"The noodles are difficult to put on a ring (at east that was  my experience),  but once attached it kept my ring from turning on my finger.  I think that the noodles are better than the kind that are straight.  This package contained three different sizes and for me, I could use only the smallest size.  Will probably order more of these in the small size.  Once on the ring the resizer felt comfortable and isn't noticeable - all good things."
"Bought the ""mini"" noodles earlier and could not get them to close around my ring band.  They kept falling off and I'd lose them.
This ""petite"" size is much better, goes on easier than the ""mini,"" and fully closes.
Took off one star b/c the noodle slides on the band and doesn't stay in the center."
I originally bought the Snuggie ring guards from Claire's for my engagement ring. They were too big and didn't fit well. The petite size is perfect for my Tolkowsky ring! My ring is only a little bit too big. If it's really big another size would probably be necessary. This ring guard goes all around and almost closes when it's on. I'll be buying more of the petite size! But this size pack is perfect if your not sure which one is best!
Worked very well. Saved me a lot of money!!!!
"What do you want for $5.49/3?  My ring isn't sliding around my finger and it's not too tight unless the humidity is up.  As you know our finger sizes can change throughout the year and over the years.  I don't want to, permanently, alter my beautiful rings so this is the answer.  It's soft so it won't scratch anything your hand rubs against or holds. Great idea that I wish I had thought of.  How anyone could give something so inexpensive a negative review is beyond me."
Better than the tape!!
"These are great, fit perfectly around ring (slim, can barely tell it's there) and most importantly you don't feel it, which when using the other brand they hurt my finger and stuck out. They are good for about a half a size adjustment."
Be prepared for a struggle to get these gizmos onto the ring.......and then to fall off at the slightest nudge.  A deal breaker.
Works very well. I am relieved that I don't have to worry about losing my ring. Thanks!
These really did not work out the way I needed them to. The thickest one did not work at all. The other two I ended up putting them together and the ring still slides around but it's better than nothing.
is only for thin rings
"Worked for a couple weeks nicely, then tubing  opened wide snd fell off ring."
fits nicely
I like it but they stretch out to fast.
"They are pretty much exactly as you would think. They look like thin plastic tube cut to an inch, and sliced down the middle on 1 side. I use the smallest noodle for my wedding ring during the winter when my fingers are smaller. It is nice that it is clear, so it doesn't affect the look of the jewelry. I would buy it again."
This was perfect for not compromising the integrity of an antique ring yet making the fit more secure.
great item for rings
"Great product! Three different sizes in the package, works great! The edges aren't rough or jagged like the other brands. I can feel that it is on my ring but I got use to it. I would definitely refer this product to everyone who needs to keep their rings on their fingers and I would definitely buy this product again! It was exactly as described and fast shipping."
"Order these for my wife whose hands fluctuate wildly in size between winter and summer months. She didn't want to resize her rings permanently in case they became too small. So far these are doing a great job and she loves them. They also provide a little bit of grip on your fingers so even if they are a little loose, they shouldn't slide off."
Hard to fit to ring & too bulky when wearing ring
"Not only are these ""noodles"" a little hard to get on, they won't stay on.
The idea is great for a ring you NEVER take off, but if you try this on a ring you put on and off, the thing won't last three times."
love these these work great
"I love this product and will continue to buy it. I had my ring sized twice and went back for a third time when my diamond still kept slipping to the inner side of my finger. The jeweler refused to size my ring again and also did not recommend one of those metal ring guards. He basically told me I had man hands with big knuckles and that if I ever wanted to take my ring off again they would have to cut it off. So I did some research and purchased a Ring Noodle. It does exactly what I need it to do and it's pretty easy to take off --even with these ""man hands."" It's definitely more visually noticeable than a metal ring guard but nobody is looking at the inside of my hand."
The noodle cuts in a bit on the edges but that is better than losing my wedding ring!
"This product is so amazing!  My engagement ring fits perfectly over my knuckle -- the problem is that my finger is smaller than my knuckle so the ring would twist around all day...that is, until I bought the Ring Noodle!  It's such a simple solution, but really makes a difference, especially in the cold, winter months when your fingers shrink a bit.  I would recommend this product to anyone who has the same issue or just needs a slight ring adjustment without permanently altering the ring size.  GREAT PURCHASE!!"
"The ring guards work well on my wife's wedding ring
I wis there was a way to seal it around the ring
I guess your have to be thankful after losing 100 lbs"
"The largest Ring Noodle in this pack was just barely big enough to fit around my wedding ring (a ring and a band fused together), so it was very difficult to put on the ring. However, once I got it around the ring, it stayed on and it keeps my ring from slipping off my finger. It is comfortable enough, but the corners on it kind of hurt if you accidentally scratch yourself with it."
"The ring guard did work. It's was easy to put on but in my case it was not enough to reduce the size of the ring that I had. If I had a better idea in how much it reduce it, (like a chart) then I would have gotten the correct thickness."
"Got my ring noodle today, I really really like the way it made my ring fit! I swell really bad in the summer and when it's cold my ring size shrinks, instead of waiting on constant sizing this is a good in between fix.  Also, you can't hardly see it when it's on the ring, I would buy again."
"Great product.  Not hard to put on, not uncomfortable, stays on if you match the diameter correctly, and you really can't see it.  It's really for use w rings you don't plan on wearing everyday.  Great work-around for rings that can't be resized and for the chronic finger shrinkage problem during the winter months."
I love these!! Super comfortable. I would buy the bigger size next time as the ring I have is really big. I ordered from another company and these were far superior. I highly re commend.
I have a larger band ring. It was hard to see the size but I was then able to make my own once I saw these.
very easy to put on works really well. Love it
Love it!
I use it every day during the winter months! Thank you!
"They do what the say. The edges where the split in the tube is made can be a little sharp so we had to file them down with a nail file. These will also not work for rings with thick bands, but otherwise they work as advertised and are not intrusive or uncomfortable for the wearer."
Works ok
I am very much satisfied with this product!
"Greattttt! I recently lost 40lb and went down almost 2 ring sizes. I have a little bit more to lose so I didn't want t to size my wedding rings just yet. Perfect fit, so perfect I may not ever size it."
"This is a great item, and versatile to be used on different rings"
Better than most alternatives. This is easy to get on the ring and stays on.
Great product. Works great
"Works fairly well, came off my ring."
they kept constantly falling off and then I lost the whole pack
"This is working well so far for a ring I got for Christmas that was too big. My weight has dropped a good bit due to a new medication, and I don't want to permanently alter the ring until I know how I'll adjust to this medicine. So far, so good."
Just what was needed. Fast delivery too.
"It works perfectly! Though i did have to smooth the edges a little, but i purchased these expecting that"
"Love it!!! I just got engaged and it's january.. so unfortunately I had to get my ring sized during this cold. I'm not sure if the ring is too big, or if my finger is just smaller because of the cold. Nevertheless this ring has been driving me crazy spinning around moving up and down. I just slid the noodle on and YAY! It doesn't move! Hardly noticeable, I didn't cut it and the edges bump my pinky from time to time. But not enough to deter me from the enjoyment of my ring staying put."
"Does the job, but awkward. I ended up just getting the ring re-sized."
I ordered incorrectly.
"I received three different sizes.  I have one left and it is staying on.  You need to get the correct size or else you loose it almost immediately.
They do have a tendency to come off easily after bathing, and they do move side to side.  But, I'm OK with this last one, it seems to be staying on pretty well.  I would purchase these again.  Like anything else, you just work with it until you get it I guess."
"These work well for those cold days when my fingers shrink a little bit, thus making my rings spin and feel too loose. Easy to put on and remove, and comfortable."
"These ring noodles are ok.  I found them to be uncomfortable as I could feel it on the back of my finger.  Good enough for a temporary help, but something like this needs to be done permanently by a jeweler."
Do not stay in place...rotate around to front of ring. Does not keep ring in place. Would not recommend.
"I've had two fall off my ring so far:  that may be because it's so thin.  But I would buy them only as a temporary fix. They tend to hold lotion and oil, so nice pieces made of gold and high quality silver really don't fit with it."
"Could not feel them on, but added the extra cushion to prevent the ring from moving. Did take the rings off to wash my hands so that water did not get inside of the tube."
This is perfect for my promise ring!!
My engagement ring was a bit big on me and I didn't want to get my band sized since the diamonds go all the way around. My friend suggested I order these and i am so glad I did. It made my ring fit perfectly!!!! I recommend this to anyone who is considering this as an alternative to getting their ring sized.
Its Great!!
"I really like the way the ring noodle works!  I have had to size my wedding rings several
times.  The noodle ring is working well to keep them in place without another trip to the
And wait at the Jewelers."
Don't waste your money on this product.  I bought it because a have a few rings that are size 5 and I need them sized down to a 4-1/2.  I was able to fit the mini reducer on one ring but it slid around and didn't work.  When I washed my hands with warm water it seemed to expand and slip off.  Wasn't able to get either of the others to go on the ring.  The band is real narrow so that wasn't the problem. Couldn't get the other reducers to work on any of my other rings either.
My fiance loves it! Her finger size changes with the season. The ring noodle allows her adjust appropriately. It's small and unnoticeable.
"It does make the ring feel more secure but now your hand exposes a sharp plastic edge that can scratch!

I noticed this when I was putting on my face cream and something scratched my face. I looked down and it was the ring noodle."
"Great in theory, but not in reality.  It does NOT stay on your ring."
Easy to use.  Three sizes to chose from to help you actually make the proper fit.  Comfortable and very economic.
It does the job but does change color after a few months.
did not fit the ring i was hoping to use it on...
Works as advertised! Great product!
Very good product! Worked well for me and my rings. I can finally enjoy rings that were sitting in the jewelry box due to large size.
"It works, and soesnt bother me too much."
"Did not fit as described.  Both my wedding ring is loose, when I use the ring noodle on each ring it leaves a space between my wedding band and engagement ring.  It also made my finger feel bulky and my rings still spins around."
Best ring sizers I have found yet.
"seems to wrk so far for my wife, time will tell on how long it lasts"
"After initially trying a metal link resizer on a ring that was too large for me and which would require too much work to resize (electroformed copper around a malachite crystal), I wanted to find another method to reduce the size of a the ring. I bought the Ring Noodle out of ""desperation"" and came to be very happy with the product. Of course, the ideal would be to have a ring that fits on its own, but after a dumb set of events, that was not the case in this instance. However, the Noodle is a satisfactory alternative for this issue."
love
"It's jsr ok- I hv large knuckles so thts the problem tht I hv w/ my rings so the rings keep turning, putting the ring guard on- w/ I wah my hands they turn around, so I hv to turn my ring guard don't show in the front of ring!"
"This works very well, holds the ring in place so it doesn't slide around.  Just what I needed"
This was an easy and inexpensive fix for my ring that  was too big. I love the Ring Noodle and would buy it again.
Just what I need to help my ring fit my finger better... Perfect solution to not getting your ring adjusted.
"Doesn't work for a man's ring, its to bulky and none of the noodles fit the ring properly. fail."
works fine on a woman's small ring.
This is a great product and does the job. I bought this for my fiance. She easily installed the product and now her engagement fits perfect. This beats going to the jewelry store and getting her ring resized. Most important it's unnoticeable and doesn't take the attention away from the ring!
"They don't fit men's wedding bands that aren't even all that thick. I got the multi-size pack to make sure one would fit, but they are way too narrow. Wasted money."
Product arrived on time and worked like it was supposed to.
good
Works great and is comfortable to wear. Glad to get the three pack so I have new ones to replace it when it gets old
Fit for purpose.
"These are fine, but right after I placed the order I found them for a lot less $$ at Claire's in the local mall."
They're great.  My granddaughter now has several for her rings.  they feel and look great.
Very easy to use.
the ring noodle would not go on the ring had to fight with it and just gave up. would not buy again
"I was unsure, but thought I would give this a try to see if it would help my ""sloppy, twisting rings"". Unfortunately, if you have the same cause of loose fitting rings as I have, this is not the solution for you. Since I lost 25 lbs. my fingers are thinner, but the knuckles on my 72 year old fingers are very thick and swollen. I need a larger ring size that will fit over my knuckle but then they are much too loose on my fingers. So any addition to the ring will not allow it to fit over my knuckles. Back to the drawing board."
I have water retention and my ring size fluctuate depending on the day of the month.
"Works in a pinch, not a permanent solution."
For our ring sizes they do not help.  The material is too thick which reduces the size too much.. Next effort will be a jewelery repair shop.
My ring now fits with no problem....
always need extras
It works fine.
I love it
"The product was shipped promptly. I got the ring noodle for my daughter: she received a ring that was a little larger than her finger, but she didn't want it sized down, so she used the ring noodle to help her keep it in place. She also has a tanzanite ring that I have gifted to her and it was loose on her finger, so it was enough in the package to make that fit her finger, too. Thanks; I recommend this product."
"I do not like this at all
They come off after you put them on"
"I felt it on my hand which was kind of annoying and it did not keep the ring from spinning on my finger.  Tried a cheap fix to getting the ring sized and it didn't work out so well.  I would say just get the ring re-sized and save the few bucks.  Thought it was a good idea, but not when I wore it for 3 weeks."
"My boyfriend bought me a beautiful ring, and since I am trying to lose weight, I did not want to have it sized yet. So, I looked online for solutions and finally went to Claire's to try their Ring Snuggies, because the cost was the same as Ring Noodles, minus the shipping.

Curse my frugality, because the Ring Snuggies were AWFUL. They were hard and did not conform to the ring. And they kept popping off, so I was losing the three out of eight sizes that seemed to work. When I would wear them, because they were so uncomfortable a spinning ring seemed better. My boyfriend finally said, ""I don't know why you use them when you keep complaining about them.""

So, I headed back to Amazon, and looked at Ring Noodles again. They didn't seem hard like the Snuggies and the reviews were good. There was the matter of the shipping and getting three instead of eight, but I decided to look past that and get the Mini, Petite, Narrow sample pack. The package arrived quickly! When I looked at the sizing, the Petite seemed like it would fit the bill. The Mini was a much smaller tube that did not close around the ring. One hand washing and it would be gone. The Narrow was tight on my finger. Sure, it could work, if I didn't mind my ring finger being red next to my other fingers. There are several things I like about the Ring Noodles that would make me buy them again:

1) They are comfortable. I don't even notice that it is on.
2) It's discreet. I don't think anyone would notice the bit of tubing unless they really looked at my hand.
3) It conforms to the ring. I like the soft tubing that allows it to conform. The other one I tried didn't conform to the ring. It was like a small bead was under my finger. This actually almost seems to be part of the ring.
4) It doesn't pop off and fly across the room. I have taken my ring off a couple of times and if my fingers are tight in the evening, I haven't lost the noodle yet.
5) It's comfortable.. Wait, I already said that.

I wish I started with the Ring Noodle, because you get what you pay for and this was definitely worth the extra money."
"This product was a huge disappointment. The middle size ""noodle"" is the one that fit the ring I had, but it kept falling off every time I did something with my hands. I will be sending these back!"
Useless thing
very disappointed.  Fell right off.  Cannot use.  Thank goodness they were cheap.
"As I have been losing weight, my ring as been getting a little too big but I did not want to wait the 3 weeks to have it resized then with the possibility of having to have it resized again.
My fiance looked into the ring noodle and it's perfect! It comes in three sizes depending on the width of the band and the amount of the gap you want to close. Since it is clear people will not notice it as it sits on the band on the inside of your finger. You slide it and that's it. It really is that easy. I will be moving up to the middle size shortly but am glad that we looked into a cheaper alternative."
Not worth the price
works very well
"The noodle kept falling off the ring, and it was very irritating to wear.  I was aware of the noodle the entire time, and kept wanting to turn the ring around.  I did not like it and will not wear it again."
"For the price this works perfectly!  I have already had my ring sized once and it wasn't quite enough.  But because it's the holidays if I sent it back to be resized now, they said that the wait time for me to get it back would be closer to a month, so this is a perfect solution for a temporary fix.  I only gave it 4 stars because the rubber noodle does tend to stretch and slide around on the ring after a few days.  It still works... you may just have to adjust it from time to time.  Other than that, I love how easy and cheap it is!"
"terrible as does not stay on.  If it does, then it moves around the ring and is uncomfortable to wear.  Do not like at all."
"I got a beautiful cocktail ring as a present, unfortunately it was a couple of sizes too big, so ring noodle for my only option. It does the job by keeping the ring in place on my finger and since the rubber is clear, nobody can see it unless i put my hand up. Its okay."
"Fast delivery, great product."
"This is the second time I have purchased these ring noodles, they work great during the winter months when my engagement ring is a little big and likes to slide off my finger. I would recommend!"
Too bulky and hard to put on.  Maybe because I have arthritis in my fingers.
Too bulky and hard to put on. Probably because I have arthritis in my fingers.
Too bulky on my finger.  Probably also hard to put on because I have arthritis in my fingers.
"My ring was loose on me but when I add this, it fits perfectly and is concealed"
These work so well!
"Works great for spontaneously sizing down a ring. I figured out how to get it onto the ring after the ring is already on my finger, so no painful squeezing across the knuckle (the base of my finger is noticeably smaller than my knuckle). The ""noodle"" gets dirty over time, but can last for two or three months. Keep a few extra on hand for when you need to swap out."
The best ever.
Super uncomfortable and super thick.
Works as promised.
Very handy and works great!
it works perfectly on my engagement ring
They're okay but a bit too small. I wish you sold a package of the medium size
"These are very helpful, keep my rings in place after losing a lot of weight. Great idea and very comfortable."
Will not work.  Waste of money.  Complete piece of junk.
this has helped keep my rings in place.
"Does the job well, but I wish it sat on the inside of the ring so it's not so noticeable."
She loves them
What a total waste.  Thankfully not expensive but complete waste.  You're better off using tape.  Junk junk junk.  If there was a way to give a negative star rating I would.
Slips around the ring when worn.
Gives you different sizes for different rings. Nice ones compared to some I got in walmart
did not work for me
"Unfortunately, my fingers can change an entire ring size between summer and winter, so I bought these so I can wear my year ring round without it being too tight in the summer.  I think that these are a great concept, but it does have one major flaw.  The problem is that they aren't made for long term use.  I've had mine on my wedding and engagement ring now for about six months, and the material has gone from a very pliable material to rock hard.  It's almost impossible to get it off of my ring now.  I do appreciate that I can wear my rings year round without having to resize them or have them fall off of my finger in the winter, but the material is so hard that I have to pry the guard off of the ring when I no longer need it on there.  Because of this, I've already replaced them three times, and it keeps happening.  Regardless, it does what it's supposed to do, and if you don't mind leaving the guard on continuously, you shouldn't mind how hard the material becomes."
"The sizes refer to the thickness of the material.  I found the thickest to be too thick for my needs.  I started with the smallest on my knife-edge ring and the medium size on a regular band.  The knife-edge ring separated the material, loosening the guard and pushing it up towards the stone.  Switching to the medium guard for the knife-edge band has worked better."
"Very good idea, simple and yet it works fine."
My thin ring was falling off and I almost lost it. Ring Noodle went on easily and keeps my ring safe
"One of the sizes worked amazingly. But it fell off and I lost it so I need to order more. But I like these much better than the walmart ones which are bulky and thick. My ring is still spinning, but not quite as bad as before."
Very difficult to get on to the ring. Disappointed.
"My engagement ring and wedding band were just a tad too big. Not so big that it warranted getting them resized, so I thought I'd give these a shot. They work beautifully, are undetectable and wash well."
I absolutely love this product!  My beautiful engagement ring fits properly again :) The company didn't make half sizes so I had to go with a 7 which was way too big. The ring noodle works perfectly!
This does work!!
These work well for my engagement ring. My ring is snug around the knuckle but twists at the base of my finger. These ring noodles keep it from twisting due to the heavier diamond. I don't find them uncomfortable. It is much more comfortable having the little piece of plastic on the back than having to constantly adjust the ring. I would recommend it if you do not want to permanently resize your ring.
They broke and came apart we need steel sizers.  Instead these didn't work
very hard to put on the ring almost lost them on the floor. glad I bought regular size ones to use.  Will save for other rings though.
"Great product, quick delivery, thanks so much!!!"
Great!
"I'm a size 4 1/2 and it worked great for me!! Only thing is I'd take the rings off before getting wet or dirty,  it does get caught in the noodles. Other than that it worked perfectly!!!"
"These work great.  I know they are just little pieces of plastic with a slit through them but clever idea to help rings stay in place.  This pack has three ring noodles, each a different thickness.  Keep in mind that these are for THIN rings like the description states.  If you have a wedding ring attached to an engagement ring, these probably won't work for you.  I bought these to use on some store-bought (cheap) rings that I have that just aren't quite the right size  - you know the ones you buy at the clothing store and they seem like they'll fit but then they only fit on your thumb - and they worked perfectly for them.  These are comfortable and I am able to wear my rings without using tape to get them to fit."
"I have an engagement is a little big, but didn't want to get it resized until I was living in the same city as the jeweler. This has been the perfect solution for me and my ring. No one has noticed it either! Fits snugly around the ring without wanting to come off either. Just make sure you get the right size for your ring diameter."
"Doesn't stay on ring, lost next day.  Not recommended."
"Works like a charm. If/when the current one wears out, I'll probably order another to last until I can get my ring resized. It moves around on the band a little bit and can feel sort of weird, but it's better than losing your ring and it's a cheap, subtle fix."
"I tried this on a ring that was a full size too large for me. It did make the ring a better fit, but it was horrifically uncomfortable to wear. It did motivate me to actually get the ring re-sized though!"
They are not assorted sizes as the add stated. The produce is huge and does not snugly fit any ring.
Does what it says it does.
Serves the purpose.
Just the thing.  Worked perfectly.
didnt work
Great at first but then product stretched out after a couple of weeks and eventually fell off of the ring. I have no clue where or when it fell off.
Really useful item for rings that are too big. I thought it would be too small or wouldn't fit but it's worked great! My only problem is that you can always feel when it's on so it's a little uncomfy.
uncomfortable
Rubs in inside if finger where the edges end. Uncomfortable..
"better than some, but not a permanent solution for a loose ring"
"Doesn't work AT ALL if the ring is not the same size all the way around.  My ring gets slightly larger as it flows up toward the setting, so the band is not all the same size.  This noodle won't stay on unless it fits perfectly around the band & closes back on itself."
"This is a great solution for rings that are heavy on the top, such as a large gem, and keep falling to one side or the other on the finger. It has just enough grip to be comfortable but keep the ring put. It is easy to take on and off the ring, easy to clean. Love it, thanks. It's a great replacement for those little balls sometimes attached to the inside of the ring."
"Worked great for my engagement ring.  Only thing I didn't like was that it slipped around a lot, but was okay for a short time use.."
"They do the job, slips around your find occasionally so you need to reposition it. The thickness of the 3 works best for me to bring my engagement ring down to a size 6 from a size 7. I don't notice it on my finger until it slips out of place, I wear my engagement ring during the day and take it off at night. I probably have to reposition the ring reducer 3-4 times a day. For some this might be frustrating but for me it's better than my engagement ring rolling around my finger. I know your probably thinking, why don't I just go get my ring permanently sized??? Well I plan on getting pregnant in a few months and know that my fingers will swell during pregnancy so I won't get the ring sized until after having my child. Overall it does it job!"
The product worked really well for adjusting my daughters ring.
"This was PERFECT to use with my ring before I was able to get is sized. Other ring sizers are a straight tube, which means you are knocking your other fingers against it everytime you move. This noodle fits right around the ring, keeping it snug to my ring finger and not in the way of the others."
"a little pricey for what it is, but it serves it's purpose."
Keeps my extra wide wedding ring secure and in place. I lost a lot of weight since our wedding.
"After resizing my ring and still dealing with spinning, I am so glad I found this solution.  These are absolutely perfect and I have one on both my engagement ring and wedding band.  You don't feel them at all and they are not noticeable to anyone else.  This is a much better and simpler alternative to altering your rings.

Make sure you clean your rings regularly to get any debris out from the noodle though!"
"I think for the short term these work OK, but don't try to use them on a permanent basis rather than get your ring sized. These stretch out and come off. If the ring is too big you could lose it."
"This is a great easy and affordable fix for an engagement ring that is too big.  I have really small fingers, and the jeweler couldn't size it down to a 3.5, so this was a nice alternative to having bumps added into the inside of my ring.  I've been wearing the same one for three months now, and it has yet to get discolored.  I will be buying more should I need them!"
Didn't work for me.
Works very well! Def recommend. I was about 1/4 size off and this thing does the trick
"I'm very happy with this product.  Like other reviewers, my ring fits perfectly in hot summer months but when I'm cold my finger shrinks considerably.  The ring noodle has been a perfect solution to my problem, and I can't feel it at all when it's on."
All I can say about this product is that it doesn't work. It kept falling off my ring. Totally useless.
"luv it....i lost weight and my ring kept falling off my finger.  so i got this, and glad i did.  work very well.  now i don't have to worry about my ring slipping off my finger anymore."
This fit perfectly on my ring and now it no longer spins. Very happy with this purchase.
"I've used other similar products since I lost weight, as I wear a slender band over my wedding ring, but on my slim band the other ring sizers tended to be cumbersome and uncomfortable.  The Ring Noodle for Thin Rings assortment works better for me, as the thinner tubes here keep my ring on without making it feel lopsided, tight or cumbersome."
They really did help.
perfect
I ordered these because my wedding set spins during the winter months and it is very annoying.  These noodles hold them in place and can be removed easily.
"I purchased all three (thin, wide, narrow).  I have purchased this in the past and wasn't satisfied and I know why.  You need to purchase the right size otherwise it will not work.  This works perfectly and now I don't have to size the ring.  If you don't know the size do what I did..purchase them all and try them out on the ring and use it for other rings.  I am extremely happy with it...and it holds perfectly."
works great! love them!
Too difficult to handle and put on.
Great product and works perfectly--barely visible!
"Products is useful.  Come in exactly as described, but a bit costly for the material they use."
These worked great!  I have a hard time with rings because my fingers are so small.  I wear a 4.25 and no one sells those without buying custom rings.  The different sizes of the noodles helped since some of my rings are thick. It's also nice that you can cut them.
Please don't buy these these are very small and they don't stay on. I already lost 2 of them.
"I have big knuckles and slender fingers and somedays my ring fit perfect and others it was constantly twisting and driving me nuts! The noodle did a great temporary ob until I was able to go to the jeweler and have it fixed permanently.  Though the ring is now fixed and I no longer need the noodle to prevent movement, I think that I will still use it from time to time when I am doing things that could scratch up the bottom of the ring; the noodle really both helps the ring fit better and protects the bottom of it from dings."
Works great.
MY ring guard i like using them for all my ring needs.
An improvement over the straight ring sizers. It doesn't slip at all!
"Great item, stops my ring from moving around too much so not to damage the setting.  Wonderful !!!!!!!!!"
Comes off very easily and it is lost.
"Came on time, the biggest size was not big enough , the ring was still loose. But overall great product"
"Really, really petite!"
"These are ok. So far, I have only used the mid-sized noodle. It can be a bit irritating and doesn't really seem to keep my ring from spinning. It DOES keep it from falling off and that was my main goal. Preferable to metal sizes or having a section cut out."
"I wasted my money on a set of ring noodles. Even though they were different sizes, none of them actually fit both my finger and the ring well. The one thin enough to fit between my ring and the finger didn't make it all the way around the ring. The one that fit all the way around the ring was too thick and would occasionally feel like it was cutting off my finger's circulation. The one that fit the best ended up lost after it came off when I took off a pair of gloves at work. So, I splurged on an actual metal ring guard and I'm glad I did. Save your money and put it towards something that will actually work.

This is what I purchased. They make a ladies version in white and yellow gold for thinner rings. If you have a wide band, get the men's version. http://www.amazon.com/White-Gold-Ladies-Ring-Guard/dp/B003ZF9FIK/ref=sr_1_18?ie=UTF8&qid=1410436343&sr=8-18&keywords=gold+ring+guard"
Love these for my rings !!!
Works perfectly. It is very comfortable. I forget it is there. It blends in nicely. I would certainly buy it again.
I was hoping these would work however the side's stick up a bit and pokes into my skin on my finger. I didn't find it comfortable and most likely will not be using them.
"works great for me, its a kind of rubbery material, so may expand or loosen after a while but its still better than having your ring fall off, its expensive for what it really is and the fact is that, it really is an ingenious idea but a poor product."
Keeps my rings from turning over and feeling loose
Did exactly what it was suppose to do and is unnoticable.
Not effecxtive and they fell off after a few days
The noodle works very well
"These don't slip off my rings, but they are uncomfortable.  I wouldn't recommend them."
I was hoping the ring noodle would work for my engagement ring which has a very thin band.  But it still turns! I think this product would work well on thicker bands.
"A waste of money.  They slip and slide around and after one use, warped and fell off (and I used the smallest one)."
"These are better than expected.  I really love the great, comfortable shape."
Problem solved!
It works well.
These fit my rings perfectly and hold them in place so the diamonds don't slide around to the back of my finger!
Great product.  Just what I was looking for.  Easy to fit my rings and comfortable.  Will purchase additional ones at different sizes.
Comfortable and effective. Highly recommended.
These can be uncomfortable.
I wasn't sure what size I needed so three size pack was nice.  When received I found I needed the largest provided.  Was easy to put in ring and made it fit well.  Only problem is that it did slip off the ring when picking up things with that hand.
"I find the ring noodle very uncomfortable.  Out of the three sizes, only the largest actually fit on my ring and it was too large which made the ring fit too tightly.  The directions suggested snipping it with scissors which I did but this just made the noodle dig into my finger.  I threw them all away.  Good in theory, and may work on some rings, but it didn't work for me."
"These ring sizers work better than the traditional, short straight plastic ones. The only size that worked for my ring was the narrow. The mini and petite are for very thin bands. I plan to order more but in the large diameters. They are more comfortable and don't move around."
"Very comfortable, invisable and perfect for rings that twirl on your finger or ones that are just a little too big!! Better than any other!"
"One ""noodle"" got cracked after a few days but no big issue. Very easy to put on."
"Good, useful, no problem, but I had to send the ring back as I could not get used to having this gadget on my ring finger...if you could take it, buy it..."
Works great!
"Easy to use and a lot more discreet than I thought.  I didn't want to buy this at first because I thought it would make my rain really ugly.  After trying other products (I.e. The ""glue"" that you can apply to make it fit smaller, that didn't work) I finally decided to try this.  My ring fits pretty well now.  The ring guard is not really noticeable unless you point it out."
"I never thought I could be so excited about a piece of plastic. Well, there's a first time for everything! I received a beautiful white bronze ring as a gift but unfortunately it was a hair too big. I wear a size 6.2 and it was a 6.5. No jeweller in my area would work on bronze so I was forced to look at alternatives. This actually works perfectly. When I take my ring off to wash my hands, the plastic stays on. It doesn't irritate my skin (just make sure your hands are dry when you put it on). I even wore this on my ring when I was working out and it didn't bother me at all. I love this thing! I imagine this would also be great for the changing seasons or even time of day - I know that my fingers change size when it's freezing outside.

If your ring can be resized and you want it to be permanent, then spend the money and get it done. But if you want some flexibility with your ring and/or you can't get it resized, then this is the perfect solution"
"I wouldn't buy this again.  These noodles don't really add any thickness to my bands, the rings don't even go down a half size.  Further, they spin around the ring during the day and I have to keep putting them back in place or else they'll fall off.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 only because there's an off-chance that I ordered the wrong size for my rings and there's user error involved....but I've tried them on a few different ring bands and it works on none of them.  I'm likely to go get my rings sized at the jeweler, and I was trying to avoid that."
A better description would have helped.  Can't tell the difference if there is one in size.  Also it doesn't account for the thickness of the band.  Was never able to get it onto the ring so that it didn't just pop off
Clever idea
works great the ring doesn't even spin
"Have a thin ring with a big stone, so even though the band was sized properly, it is constantly spinning on my finger and got to be uncomfortable. Since I did not want to resize the ring again due to not being able to slide over my knuckle I purchased the ring noodle as a means to keep the ring from spinning. Was very glad that this did end up working and would definitely purchase again.

The price is very reasonable as well."
Perfect to hold your ring in place.  I was going to get my ring re-sized but now I won't have too
"Fits as expected and works just fine. Would purchase again if necessary, but there were 3 in the pack, so I think I'll be good for a while. The first one has held up for at least a month or 2 now."
The first 2 days it really made a difference. Comes off too easy and that is a dissapointment.
"My wife lost weight and her rings were becoming very lose.  We thought we would give this product a try and we were not disappointed!  They worked great on both of her rings.  Very happy, would highly recommend."
good
These are perfect for a thin banded ring that is just a little too loose.  My wedding ring was just loose enough that it turned on my finger. I can still slides comfortably over my knuckle but I no longer end up with the diamond under my finger.
These work great for my wedding rings. I can't get the resized because them they won't fit over my knuckles so having the ring noodles has them nice a snug. I just wish they gave you a few extra noodles in pack for the price.
"I took a chance on this product because I had some of those rings that you just can't fix, I'm glad I did. It takes a little time to get used to. Excellent option."
I love these ring noodles.  They enable you to wear a ring that you may not want cut down a size.  They are comfortable to wear and feel substantial enough you are not worried about slippage.
"Works! My ring is a size 4 and all it needed was a little more snugness. Using the petite noodle reduces it to 3.5, it's perfect. Ring doesn't move side to side now. No worries about loosing it! Noodle curves to ur ring. Different noodles forms to different sizes and lengths and thicknesses...so make sure u know ur ring!! Highly Recommended!!"
I'm so glad I ordered this product.  It works like a charm and I barely feel it next to my finger.  Sure beats the $90 I would have paid to have both my wedding band and engagement ring re-sized by the jeweler!
These came  and they were way too small for my rings. I wanted to wear the ring that night so I went to the hardware store and bought a foot of plastic tubing for 83 cents and made my own. This is alot of maney for what you are really getting!
Did not stay tightly on rings. Bands need to be quite thin.
"Fits correctly and I'm no longer afraid I will loose my ring. Takes a bit to get used to but eventually you don't notice it. It stays on through doing dishes, hot shower, gardening, I really like it. Better than expected."
"Waste of money.  None of them will stay on when the weather's warm and my hand gets a bit sweaty.  Even when they do stay on,  my rings still slide around on my finger.  I wish there was a better product available on amazon."
Love it.
"I tried all of them.  I sized my wedding ring set larger, but then it was too large.  These are perfect.  They are comfortable and invisible.  The bonus is it holds my ring in place better so it doesn't slide to the side.  I get to see the stone all day!"
It didn't work. The band was too wide.
Much too expensive.  Won't purchase again.
Very comfortable and makes me feel safe about my rings!
Bought these after buying snuggies ring sizers. These noodles are so much better. They are softer and longer and contoured to the ring to fit wonderfully. Very very comfortable and unnoticeable on the ring but makes it snug on my finger. Would reccommend these to everyone I know! Wish Walmart would sell them!
"I've been a size 6.5 ring for quite a while but recently had throat surgery which led me to lose weight and make my rings looser. I don't want to get it resized in case I go back to pre-op weight, so I bought these to make sure my rings stay snug. Pretty sure you could make this product at home if you went to a hardware store or craft store and bought the tubing yourself. That being said - most people would rather just pay a few dollars and have it shipped out. I like the product and would recommend if you're not interested in resizing the ring."
Serves its purpose as a temporary fix. It doesn't catch on everything like metal spacers do so I prefer it. If the ring is of high quality I do recommend putting super glue at its opening. It doesn't glue it shut but does make it stiffer. I use one for two diamond rings with thin bands to keep them aligned so it would pop off prior to using glue. Now it only pops off if I take them off.
These are great!  Had several rings that slide to the side on my finger & these hold them perfectly in place.  No more annoying sliding!
"Great idea, well executed.  The perfect solution for rings that are tight on the knuckle but loose on the finger."
I love the RING NOODLES! These are super helpful! I recently got engaged and I have one free ring size..... I'm also trying to loose some before wedding weight so these noodles are really helpful during the hand changes I'm having! LOL I would recommend to anyone with this issue! :)
Comes undone from the ring at times.
They're okay for a temporary fix. You get what you pay for.
These do exactly what they are supposed to. I have some top heavy rings and once on they tend to slip around. Using the ring noodle makes for a tighter fit and no slipping. Tried to make some myself but anything I used was not working nearly as well. These also work great for larger knuckles then actual ring sized finger.
Fits rings perfect just what i needed
Did what I needed it to do; kept my ring from spending around my finger!
"Works perfectly on rings with narrow shank. Comfortable, invisible and so far has not fallen off or loosened. Highly recommended."
too difficult to get on my ring - I did not need the medium or wide size only the narrow size - so I ended up paying for 3 but could only use 1
Awesome!
Works perfectly.
Not worth the purchase.
not impressed with this product.
Fell off.no good. cant believe you can sell these things :( you should send me more for the disappointment I went through. :(
They don't stay on very long within a week it stretches where I take my ring off and on then it just falls off I love the concept just wish they held up longer.
Stays in place and lasts a long time
The ring noodle was very uncomfortable for me to ware.
Very good
this did the trick
"My girl informed me that showering, washing hands, or anything else that got her hands wet caused the noodle to move"
I had a ring I did not want to have cut so ring noodles worked perfectly. I got a variety of packages for all my needs.
"Pros: Works great, better than other sizers that were made of harder plastic.
Cons: Looks to be nothing more than plastic tubing you could by at a hardware store or aquarium supply store. If so, you could probably make hundreds of these for the cost."
They were exactly as described! I love these products! I will definitely be purchasing more in the future! Great price!!
The Ring Noodle works perfectly! I wrapped one of the wider Rind Noodles around both my engagement ring and wedding band.  It holds them together nicely and sized them to fit my finger perfectly. I would purchase again and recommend to anyone!
"These were just too thin for the rings I bought them for. The bottoms of the rings were very thick, probably close to 1/4 inch. If they had been thin rings, they would have worked great but my rings were thicker than the noodle and therefor they fell off. Easy to get on and felt good on my hand, just too thin.
Guess I have to go to the jeweler after all...."
"So uncomfortable it hurts. Got it to put on my promise ring and it's so bulky and uncomfortable. It made my ring a size 5 to a size 4 like I needed,  but it's embarrassing having a big piece of plastic on your finger. ."
"I will never purchase ring snuggies again. These Ring Noodles are so much better! Unlike Ring Snuggies, that are more square in shape, the Ring Noodles are curved liked a ring. This means they actually stay in place and that allows the ring to fit even better.  Also, because the Ring Snuggies are designed better, they are less likely to catch on other objects and fall off, which decreases your chances of losing a ring. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a little help with a lose ring!"
"I received a beautiful ring from my husband to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. (It was a surprise gift.) However, the ring was a little loose, so I had it sized down to fit my finger. Unfortunately, I am starting to develop signs of arthritis, which make my knuckles a bit swollen. As a result, I can only size my ring down enough to go over my knuckle/joint without it slipping off my finger. Therefore, my rings tend to be difficult to slip over my knuckle, but are pretty loose once in place. This causes my ring to slip around my finger, which can result in scratching the precious metal surface. I want to protect my beautiful ring and I want it to stay put. This product does just that.

Although I'd prefer to just wear my ring without anything, I have no choice. I think this is a good option when you're not able to size your ring down any further.

The cons to this product is that it'll get dingy-looking over time from wear and tear, and you'll definitely notice it being some of the time, although, it's still pretty comfortable compared to the others that are out there.

The pros is that this product won't scratch another's hand (like during a hand shake or holding hands). The curve makes it much  more comfortable to wear, and it does what it's supposed to do. It's not made of stiff plastic, and once on, it stays on your ring.

Overall, I recommend this product for those who cannot size their rings down any further, or if they want something to size their ring temporarily until ready to get their ring sized down permanently. It's inexpensive and you can order enough to replace them once them become too dingy to wear."
"I like the product, they are what I expected.  I wish they offered more sizes to have more of a veriety"
"I guess this is not a bad product because it does fit the ring and make it the proper size, but the noodle slides all over and the ring still flipped around"
"I bought the ring guard because I have trouble with ring sizes. I need a ring that fits over my knuckles, but won't roll around. Haha, good luck with that! The guard is the perfect solution. The plastic is very comfortable, and I can take it off to clean the ring."
"Product worked perfectly for my engagement ring that was a tad too loose, but not so loose I wanted to get it permanently resized. Product came very quickly and exactly as described. It works perfectly and is very comfortable.  Love the different size options that came in the pack as well!"
My wife has large knuckles but very thin fingers. The Ring Noodle won't stay on the ring. Even the smallest size would not work.
"The ring noodles are the perfect way for me to feel more secure with my engagement ring during winter and colder days, when my fingers are at their smallest. Arrived on time as well."
"We liked the Ring Noodles

The noddles arrived on time and were as described. No postage was due. We were able to fit three different rings."
Works great not bulky you don't even know it is there. We'll worth the price. Going to buy the larger size.
"I received this product and the seller actually send me a pack of noodles that were petite, mini, and normal I think. The normal actually fit my ring even though I only wanted 3 mini noodles, so I'm not complaining. When buying for the first time, I would recommend getting a variety pack just to make sure you find a noodle that fits the ring you have. I will definitely buy more normal size when I need it. Great product and great price! Just make sure you clean your ring and the noodle."
"My ring started fitting big, guess from all the baby weight I'm losing but this ring noodle really helped fit my ring perfectly!"
"Product came so much faster than expected and worked exactly as it should. The grip is just right and I really can't see these ever moving around the ring. I will wear these (got them for two rings) and see if they get looser but for now, they fit just right. I am very happy."
The noodle work as described.  I had purchased them for some toe rings that are not opened in the back.  Some times it is very hard to find sizes 3 or 4 rings.  They will pinch but if you turn to the inside of the big toe you will not have the problem.  No one can even see the noddle!
This worked for a week then got loose and useless i am very disapointed . too bad it would have been great if it lasted.
It's a good concept but didn't work for my ring.  It was a little to small and would not stay on the ring.
"The petite size was perfect for my ring.  My ring now does not slip, which is great!

I'm not sure if it's due to the size of my fingers, but I find that my adjacent fingers were chafing a little from the edges of the noodle - I'm planning to just cut a tiny bit off the ends so that it doesn't happen anymore.

But overall, I'm happy with this product!"
"It fit around a large band and was very comfortable to wear.
I recommend this for anyone who needs a quick sizing."
"These are awesome! I ordered some rings that were too loose and couldn't wear them. These are easy to use, not noticeable when wearing, and make the rings fit. My fingers will swell in the summer so I can easily remove the noodle and continue to wear the rings."
"I thought this ring size reducer would be more comfortable.  It works, but I'm only able to wear my rings for a few hours before the ring noodles really start to annoy me.  I received the product quickly and it is as it is described."
"The ring noodles are really great.  Most of my rings are thin and I like both the thin noodles and the mini noodles. If the ring requires more reduction, I use two noodles on a couple of my rings.  They really make the ring stay in place nicely."
These work great but only a couple problems.......they come off and you don't even know it and lost can't be found so you have to use another and after losing a few this get kinda expensive. I think its way to expensive for what you get. I have bought 2 packages in the last month and have lost them all.
"I have a very narrow band on a heavy amethyst cocktail ring that I inherited from my Grandmother.  It's been sliding all over my finger for years.  Why didn't I discover these years ago?  They're perfect.  I'm not bothered at all by the little bit of plastic around the back of the band - but better yet, wearing the noodle has completely stopped the ring from moving around."
Works well and looks alot better than the electrical tape I used to wrap around the ring! Can't beat the price either.
"It is too bulky, unattractive, indiscreet, uncomfortable and it does not fit all rings.  Many of my friends have noticed the ring noodle without speaking of it. 2 thumps down. Good idea though."
Love my ring noodle!  My ring size is changing but I didn't want to get it resized until it stops changing.  This is perfect!  It is comfortable and inconspicuous. Thank you!
"I bought the Sterling Silver Round Purple Genuine Amethyst Celtic Knot ring which was a half size too big.  Once
I got the hang of sliding this on the ring, I was able to wear it.  It is flexible and comfortable.  Did the job."
This noodle is hard for me to install but my husband just snaps it on.  It slides around constantly and then falls off in a few days.  I have tried several sizes on my wedding ring.  I hate to get it resized because my fingers swell at times and then it would be too tight.  I use this product when I have to but I wouldn't recommend.  Looking for something better.
the ring noodle works well and solved my ring issues. I ordered a couple of my first rings in a size too big and this solved my problem.
"This is a great solution for rings that are just a ""little"" too big.  I would have given it 5 starts but they are expensive and not eligible for Amazon Prime, so you pay for shipping on top of the higher price."
I ordered these ring noodles because I recently lost a lot of weight and my wedding band and engagement rings were slipping off.  I have a 6 mm wedding band and a 4mm  engagement ring.  It barely fits on my engagement ring.  I've already lost two. They're alright.  Can't say I will order more though.
"This definitely keeps my ring from sliding around on my finger, which is good because re-sizing is expensive.

Make sure you turn the opening around to face the finger so it can be removed.  Mine is facing outward and I am having trouble moving it to face inward so that I can remove it."
Don't waste your money! Tiny split plastic tubes are only good for the smallest size ring shank. Anything else is a jike.
"I had received a ring after 10 years of service from my former employer.  After about 1 year my fingers must have shrunk, because the ring no longer fit.  My new Ring Noodle allows me to wear my ring again and I just love it.  I would not even hesitate ordering from this company again........ Thanks for the great service........"
"They won't even fit or stay on the back of a ring, unless maybe it was the thinnest band ever made.  Very disappointed."
"The Ring Noodle in the petite size solved a problem I had with several heirloom rings that were given to me by my mother. They are beautiful antiques, but are just large enough to twist slightly around on my finger, but not so much so to go to the expense of having them sized just a tad. These little plastic tabs slip on the band, take up the extra space and you can't see them. If your finger swells in the heat just pop off the tab. I highly recommend this product!"
"Had several rings that I purchased to fit my one hand, but they were too large for the other hand.  These ring guards were the absolute answer."
I LIKE THE PRODUCT BUT I HAVE LOST MOST OF THEM.  tHIS IS MY SECOND ORDER BECAUSE THEY FALL OFF AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT. I DON'T THINK I WILL ORDER ANYMORE.
These things work great - hard to figure out sizing but now that I have some I will know on future how it works.  They tay on well and are comforable.
"You can feel the noodle on your finger. It bothers me a bit, but maybe not everyone would be bothered by that. It comes off while wearing it if you put your hand in your pocket or other similar action, so you have to be careful with it.  I wanted something a little less noticeable to me as I wear it, but that may not be possible with this sort f product."
Exactly what I needed.  My ring doesn't slip anymore and I feel safe wearing it now.  Before I was afraid I would lose it because it was sliding.
"this product did not work! I put it on,and it would come off and I would lose it.slides off too easy.waste of money!"
"Yes I knew that I could buy the material by the foot at Ace Hardware, but I bought from Amazon anyway. I just wasn't sure of the size. As it turns out, I needed the medium size instead of the large size. I have worn it for about a week now and haven't had it off yet. It works, but I can't see it as a permanent fix."
"It seems the package I got all three are the same size, which was perfectly fine.  However, apparently the ring I needed these for was bigger than I thought because I needed to put all three ring noodles on for the ring to even fit me slightly.  I thought the ring was only one size too big.  I love that these curve, though, which makes them not only fit the ring better, but makes them more comfortable to wear on a ring.

I have since decided to get rid of the ring in my collection as I just do not like that it is too big for me to wear without the help of an extra item.  I only rated this 3 stars since my product was all the same size when it specifies three different sizes."
"It fits my ring perfectly and works just great.  Only one drawback:  it's loosening up as I wear the ring more & I can't keep it on the ring.  I don't want to make it permanent (so no superglue to hold it in place!), because when my fingers swell, as they sometimes do, then I want to be able to remove the Ring Noodle.  This was the whole purpose of buying something non-permanent to change the size of my ring!  Guess I'll wear it until it absolutely won't stay on any more, then buy another one.  It's better than having the ring slide around in circles, as it did before.  But I was hoping to be able to wear it every day."
"While the idea is great, the petite size did not fit my ring. I sent it back.  If one has a really narrow ring base,  then it might work."
"These things do exactly what they say they do as long as they're on - except they don't stay on. It's hard enough to spot a ring that's dropped off, imagine trying to find a transparent sliver of silicone. So it's your call if it's worth the money for 3 of these things, 2 have lasted less than a week for me...."
"I measured my ring carefully to order the correct size.  When the package arrived, I was a little dubious because of the diameter of the hollow part of the noodle looked awfully small - but I thought maybe it would give/stretch a little or maybe they intended to have a snug fit.  So I tried, and tried, and tried.  After struggling to get the guard on, I went back to check my order to see whether I had ordered the correct size.  Nope!  It was supposed to be the size for my ring. So I struggled and struggled some more and finally managed to fit the guard around the ring band - sort of.  There was a gap between the two edges half the width of the band.  I'm not sure how they came up with the measurements but there was no way that guard was going to fit on my 2.5 mm ring.  I feel like I totally wasted my money.  And to add insult to injury, I had to pay for shipping.  While the concept is good, there was a problem in the execution."
I absolutely love this product.  It is exactly what I needed for my engagement ring.  I have not had any issues with it falling off when I take off my ring or it moving while my ring is on.  It is extremely comfortable and I have not had to replace it thus far.  I am glad I ordered this and I would definitely recommend this product.
"My husband lost a considerable amount of weight...his wedding ring was too big.  He had been using yarn wrapped around it so he wouldn't lose it.  I found this product.  I ordered some in the medium size.  I slipped it on his ring, very easy to do.  He loves it!  The ring doesn't slip and the ring noodle made it fit perfectly.  He said he likes it much better than yarn, says it's much easier to keep it clean.  I would highly recommend these."
These work great for a cheap quick resolution toa ring that's too big. Not permanent and would never use on a wedding or really expensive ring.
Very nice product.  This solved my issue of having to buy rings that are just that little too big for my finger base in order to allow them to fit over my knuckle.  The sizes allow flexibility for the customer.  Very cost effective solution for a common problem.
The picture looked as though this would work on wider men's rings.  But that is not the case--it needs a narrower woman's ring.
"It was a bit difficult to get the Ring Noodle on my ring, and to get it to stay on the ring while I put the ring back on my finger.  The next day at work, I noticed that my ring continued to spin on my finger as usual and that the Ring Noodle would move as well.  The Ring Noodle stayed on my ring for most of the day; however, while I was driving home from work, I noticed that it had fallen off.  I was very disappointed in the Ring Noodle and glad that I did not pay any more for the package of three than I did.  I DO NOT recommend this product.  It was a waste for money for me.  I am giving it a rating of one star because a star rating is required; but, my actual preferred rating would be zero stars."
"Although I have rather skinny fingers, I was cursed with big(ger) knuckles. So! When I got engaged, I had to get a ring that was about 1/2 size larger than my ring finger-- just so the ring could slip over my knuckles.

My engagement ring is top heavy & has a very thin band, so it kept flipping around. On top of that, winter in the east coast was COLD COLD this year, and my fingers shrank more than usual. I couldn't resize my ring since I know my fingers will swell up in the hot summer, and I can barely fit the ring over my knuckle now as is.

Solution? Ring noodle! I got this MINI size since it looks like the smallest/thinnest of the Ring Guard options. Also -- I did NOT want to use any metal ring sizers (ladies - it'll ruin your rings, don't do it).

This is so easy to slip on/off my ring in the morning and it's easy to clean. I love that it's clear and barely shows. I trimmed the edges of mine to fit my very thin band.

Will be ordering more when the time comes to replace. Thanks!"
I have lost weight since I first received my engagement ring.  The ring noodle is perfect to keep my ring snug until I can get it resized!
"I bought a ring for one of my grandsons.  He's a little fellow with small hand, but he wanted a ring so bad.
The ring was to large for his little ring figure, so I bought the ring guard by Ring Noodle, put it on his ring, now it fits
and we don't have to worry about loosing his ring.
I would recommend this little gadget for this purpose."
Wonderful! Holds my rings with larger heavier stones in place. Finally no more flip flopping rings. Transparency makes it unnoticeable. Love it.
"My great-grandmother's diamond ring barely fit over my knuckle, but then it seemed to flop around a lot. The advantage of the Ring Noodle is that I could put it on after the ring was already on. It definitely solved the problem. I was glad to have a choice of three sizes, since I tried all of them before choosing the mini.

The main drawback I found was that lotion, makeup and other things would get inside the noodle. After washing and drying my hands the noodle would still be wet and slippery inside, so it would slip around on the ring. The ring is tight enough that it's not practical to take it off every time I wash my hands, then slip ring back on, then the noodle. I've ended up just going noodle-less, and am getting used to the ring moving around.

I think this product would be ideal for jewelry that isn't worn all the time - it would be perfect for a big cocktail ring. It might also be a solution for a ring that can be taken off easily for washing, makeup, etc. It is comfortable to wear, at least the petite and mini sizes I tried. I would want to replace it after a week or two of constant wear - they're inexpensive enough, and once you know your size you could just buy that size."
"I received a ring as a gift recently, and because of swollen joints I could not get it onto my ring finger, so decided to wear it on my pinky............but it was too big for that finger and I did not want to have it resized, as the swelling comes and goes. These RING NOODLES work great. and since they come in a 3-pack, I was able to adjust the ize of another ring as well."
Fits my ring perfect! It is small and not noticeable at all. Should not be work while washing hands though since it is plastic and it might slip off with the soap.
"This is exactly what I needed to resize rings after losing some weight. I'm not ready to resize them all, since we know what happens sometimes after weight loss.  These tiny little things fit the bill.  My only complaint is there is too much packaging, it seems like a simple one piece instruction, much smaller packet, and regular envelope would suffice."
This item is great because it curves with my ring and doesnt fall out. I use it for my engagement ring. Very happy with this purchase.
This noodle worked great! My ring doesn't slip anymore. I like the quality of it. It does what it says it will do.
"I purchased both this size and the set of 3 (narrow, med, wide) and I'm glad I did.  They work very well and are very comfortable to wear.  Because I have all the sizes, I can switch them out as my fingers feel larger or smaller."
When I first got them I was so excited!  The noodles were the perfect fit. I have come to find out that I already lost 2 because they pop off easily!  I will have to handle my rings more carefully?
THIS IS A GREAT ITEM IF YOU GET THE CORRECT ONE. MY ORIG SET WASN'T WIDE ENOUGH FOR THE BAND I PURCH IT FOR SO IT SLID OFF THE BAND AFTER AWHILE . BUT GOT A THICKER SIZE AND JUST LOVE IT.
"Great Product! doesn't heart! works great, makes up for loose space! Easy to put on ring, quick and fast, A Must Buy!"
"Again, price good, arrival good, but they slide around and aren't very effective due to this.  Take your ring to a jeweler."
"The ring noodle really works.  I've tried other ring guards and nothing worked, until the noodle.  It's easy to install & fits perfect.  If you need to make a ring fit, buy this product."
Just what I needed to keep a top heavy ring from flipping around my finger. Makes ring feel more secure and comfortable
"The ring works perfect, the problem is the corners, they are sharp. They won't hurt my finger but my face if I decide to touch it with my hand"
"I got a gorgeous halo style ring from my fianc, and had to take it down an entire size to a five.  It is still a little big, and can't be made any smaller for risk of losing some of the surrounding pave diamonds.  The noodle is a great solution for me, I barely notice it and it's so cheap I figure anyone might as well try one.  It's kind of gross that water gets in there when you wash your hands, etc, but I guess you can always just take your whole ring off when you need to."
"I like the ring guards because you can adjust your ring size instantly!  I never seem to have the time to drop my jewelry at a jewelers, so these are perfect.  My only complaint is that they sometimes slide around the ring while you're wearing them, a little annoying, but not a big deal."
"Received my order quickly, seller was great.  The product was not.  The ring guard kept falling off my ring, it was difficult to put on and I thought for sure it would stay but it didn't.  Wouldn't recommend this type of ring guard."
"I love the Noodle. Its just that little extra I need to keep my ring from spinning.
I would recommend this to everyone,"
"I didn't want to give up my ring for sizing just after getting it, but it was way too big and I was afraid of it falling off... so I purchased a variety pack of the Ring Noodles and figured out which one fit my needs best and then ordered two more packs of the size I needed... they are great!  Mine have lasted about a month before they stretch out and don't really close up the space or stay in the same place on the ring, they also get dirty but that makes sense because hands get dirty... I don't mind switching them out once a month, they're so cheap and effective, I love it!  :)"
"Needed the ring noodle due to losing weight and having bigger knuckles than fingers-my silver rings were just too loose and I love each and every one of them!  The ring noodle made me feel the ring would not fall off and because of the material it is made of, it didn't seem to cause a problem going over my knuckles.  Visually the noodle is low profile and doesn't interfere with the overall ring look.  The ring  noodle sizes in this package go over fairly narrow rings although there is a bit of play. They gave me a close in the size gap so I could wear a 7.5, a 7 and a 6.5 ring on my size 6 finger.  Now will need some wider ring noodles to go over some southwest rings.  This is a find and a true problem solver."
Does slip around a little more than I like.  My knuckles are oversized due to arthrities compared to the rest of my finger.  It definitely helps the situation.
"Works great! Once it's trimmed on the side you can't even feel it! My ring is secure and I didn't have to risk a jeweller ruining my ring or swapping the stone. I recommend buying the 3 different size pack, now I know what size I need and am planning on buying a 10 pack of minis. Five Star"
"After losing weight my wedding ring was falling off of me, but I'm not ready to have it resized yet because I still have some weight to drop. This product works get and allows me to be able to wear my ring and not fear losing it in the mean time!"
I ordered this product for my daughter. It fits her ring a little small but she loves it anyways. I should have ordered one size up for a perfect fit but don't have any complaints about this one. I would recommend this type of size adjuster to anyone who needs their ring to be a little bit smaller. This product won't scratch the ring like the metal adjusters do.
"I love it ! My engagement ring gets very loose in the winter and this is perfect for temporary resizing. It is snug and very comfortable. I have done my dishes with this on and it doesn't come off. I love it. Best part is, it's barely noticeable. A bit pricey though for three pieces of plastic !"
"These ring guards I bought but haven't used any because they are for real tiny rings, that are a lot more narrow then small or average size width rings. That is why I only gave it three stars, but someday I may need them!"
"These ring guards are perfect to make my rings stay in place. I have so many beautiful rings, but even though they are the right size, several of them are top heavy & turn on my finger. So I bought these petite ring guards just to give enough snug fit so my rings don't turn on my finger. They are comfortable & don't squeeze my finger. They are just what I needed, problem solved! They don't cost much so I was also able to get some more in some different sizes. I like these better then the metal ones because they won't scratch my rings. Wonderful little thing to have so all my rings fit perfect! :)"
It's a great solution to a ring that fits too loosely in the colder temps of winter. Prefer not to have my ring sized smaller when warmer temps will make it too tight. Works great and isn't noticeable.
"Lame and too fat, does not help at all. It is too fat and not useful at all. do not buy"
"My ring used to slip and twist around my thin finger, and I was afraid to resize it for fear that I wouldn't be able to get it over my knuckle. Instead I started researching options online and found this. I haven't tried those metal sizers, but the reviews sounded horrible, and the last thing I would want would be to scratch my lovely ring with added cheap metal sizers! This plastic tube is slit down the middle and stretched right over the small underside of my ring and holds it perfectly in place. Its comfortable, and no one can even tell I have it on the ring unless I specifically show them (which I have been showing my friends who've also mentioned that their rings swing and twist around but wouldn't feel comfortable resizing).

$7 (with shipping) is a little pricey for what you actually get (I have a theory that I could have purchased an entire roll of air tubing and cut them myself for the cost of three small 1-inch noodles), but the value in what you save by not resizing your ring or the risk of losing it means it was money well spent."
"I had lots of trouble with this 'noodle'. It would twist around and hide the gems, instead of staying on the back of my finger and it finally just fell off and I had only worn it a couple of days.
I ended up putting my ring on another finger. This thing did not work!"
"Bought a ring for my daughter on Valentine's Day ~ a nice ring, but was a smidge too big for the finger she wanted to wear it on.  This works great!"
"These are a great idea but within two days, they rolled off and got lost on the floor when I removed my rings.  Not worth it."
"These were cheap and they are easy to use, it came with several. Some of me rings were too loose especial when it cold or if I loose a few pounds so this allows me to were them on the finger that I want."
"This ring guard works as promised. It makes the ring fit well without fear of scratching the ring or your finger, as with the old metal guards. I am completely satisfied with this purchase."
Does what it is supposed to do. It is customizable. If it makes your ring too tight it can be cut.
"I could barely stand the feel of it, and the setting still kept slipping to the side. Also, the ring still felt loose on my finger. Not to mention all the germs and grime the noodle will easily collect. I think a bar would be a better fix, by since I haven't tried a bar yet, I don't know if it will be the answer either."
I'm glad I bought this ring noodle.  I was using another type.  I think they were called Snuggies and they were ugly and really noticeable.  My ring isn't moving with this guard and you can't see it if you follow the directions.  I use it on my wedding rings and only remove it to take them off to clean them.  I will be ordering more of these once the ones I have wear out.
"These ring noodles work very well for me in most cases. I bought them along with the other package of 3 for larger rings. You have to experiment with the different sizes on a ring to get the best result. The only ring I wasn't able to size was one that is very large on me, at least 2 sizes too big. The largest noodle is not thick enough to work well. But I really love them on my other rings. Also, the seller is very nice and professional. He had to resend me a package because the first one got lost in the mail. Very good shopping experience for these little items that do the job!"
It took a few days to get used to but I've been wearing it 24/7 for months and its still staying put and working great.
"The band better be super narrow or this ""noodle"" doesn't work.  I've had previous sizers that worked great, this one does not."
"Ater loosing weight, I discovered my fingers were slimmer. One of my rings kept falling off. With the Noodle I no longer fear loosing the ring."
Finding one to fit correctly required trimming. Of the two that fit the ring one kept sliding back and forth so I was adjusting it all day.  The other one would roll off.
The ring noodle did not do the job; it was not secure on the ring and fell off and I could not wear it.
"These are amazing!! I don't usually leave reviews, but this product is awesome!! DEFINITELY for THIN rings!! My Engagement ring is about 1.5mm width and the mini fits perfectly!  I had purchased these because the pack of ring guards I had bought from another retailer (not the ring noodle brand) kept falling off.  I have gone through 4 or 5 since October.  I had been wearing the very last one I had and it was super uncomfortable.  BUT THE RING NOODLE IS AMAZING!! I don't even feel it on my finger!  It added just enough padding to make my ring fit like it should.  So perfect.  It does not slide around or move and I don't think it will pop off like other ring guards I have used in the past. Well worth the price.  They are a little funny to get on, but once its on the ring, it won't move.  Awesome!"
"fit well, work well. shouldn't wear in shower because it hold moisture against band, but overall they are a very good product!!!"
"My engagement ring is about .25 too big, but I'm not even sure if I want to get it permanently sized because my knuckles tend to randomly swell in the morning.  However, the constant spinning around my finger was annoying.  I bought this set of ""petite"" sizers and they work great.  The only thing is that I think my ring may be slightly too small for this sizer, so I just ordered the mini size as well. I hope to receive it soon.  If I switch to the other, I will just use this size for a couple thicker rings that I like to wear on different fingers.  Otherwise I will keep using this one.  It comes on and off easily and has retained its shape. It also doesn't scratch my ring."
"If you have an engagement ring,etc. worth thousands, by all means go to a jeweler and half it re-sized. For the pretty but inexpensive rings, this is the ticket. The noodle is clear and fits on the bottom where no one can see it. One word of caution, though. Although the material is pliable, its a good idea to remove the noodle before washing your face, applying make-up, etc. If the underside scrapes against your face it won't draw blood but it hurts."
This is a perfect solution for a fashion ring that's quite pretty but not worth the 50-75 dollars it would take to resize it. The noodle is clear and is on the bottom of the ring so it can't be seen. Worth the 5.95.
"They definitely do what they are intended to do - take the edge off that annoying swirling that a ring does when it is a teeny bit top heavy or from buying a quarter size larger to get over a knuckle.
I like that part - I can put it on the ring easily, and I can't even feel that it's there - I don't find them to have sharp edges like other reviewers do, and I find them to be well cut and finished.
It stays in place as long as you don't take your ring off and on and fiddle with it.
BUT . . . who else get globs of soap in the back of their Noodle where the tubing is open when washing their hands??
THAT IS THE PART THAT I HATE!!
I feel that by the time I get the soap out, I've stretched the Noodle.
That being said, I think I'm going to order a larger multipack and have more on hand to swap them out more often!"
Good product for a quick fix. The vinyl tubing could use some smoothing on the edges rather than just cutting the tube in pieces and selling it as is. A little more quality would make for an excellent product.
"My fingers shrink almost a full size in the winter, so the ring that fit me perfectly six months ago was dangerously close to falling off my hand. I had been cutting little pieces of moleskin padding (the kind you use for blisters) and sticking it to the underside of my finger to cushion the ring, but thought these would be a better and more permanent solution. Turns out they don't reduce the ring size as much as I wanted them to. My ring is STILL too big, but the next larger size of the Noodle wouldn't fit it because the band is so narrow. Very disappointed!"
"I just got my engagement ring and got it resized, but it still wouldn't fit right because my knuckles are bigger than where my ring sits. So I bought the ring noodle, and I love it. I must say that I couldn't wait for it to get here, so I went and bought some generic brand at the mall, and it helped keep the ring in place, but when the Ring Noodle got here I could tell the difference in the product! The ring noodle is made of a really soft silicone, and you can't feel it on the finger. I thought it would be bulky (as the generic brand was) but it's not! If you find the right size for your ring, the tube closes and you can barely tell it's there, and also you can't really see it, because it's really clear. I didn't have a problem at all putting it on, I think it's really easy.
It is pricy for what it is to be honest, but it does the trick just fine. I've only had it about a week, so I don't know if it will start to wear off or anything, but I honestly think it's the best quick option to be able to wear the ring!"
"made my finger feel very tight, also as the day went on the plastic slid up and around to my diamond..."
Kinda pricey for little pieces of plastic but they definitely do the job. They're a little weird at first but after awhile you don't even feel them anymore. Had it on for almost 2 weeks now and it still looks almost new.
Worked perfectly; easily applied...glad I ordered it and it solved my problem.  I would suggest it to anyone who needs to discreetly size a ring.
Noodle slides around so much that it is no better than a loose ring.  Hand lotion and soap get into the groove making it slightly unsanitary.
"This was OK , but I couldn't use it because it is bulky. However, If you need to go down at least a whole size it will do the job on a thin ring! Not good for bands."
"This little piece of plastic does what it is designed to do, keep my ring from falling off my finger. The edges that extend out of the ring are a little sharp and get in the way. Overall I'm pleased with it."
It was exactly what I needed and inexpensive.  Is not uncomfortable.  I needed adjustment for 3 rings and it worked for each.
My engagement ring is a bit loose and I don't want to re-size it because its winter and my fingers shrink when its cold. this noodle helped so much!!
"These are okay- they work really well at first, but loosen up pretty quickly and then start falling off the ring. I'm on my third one in two months."
"I received the ring noodle, size mini,petite and narrow. The mini fit on a ring that had a very thin band however the Petite and the narrow were split on the wrong side of the curve and would not fit on my rings. I was very disappointed and wouldn't suggest this product to anyone looking for an easy way to make their rings fit. I will now have to look for something else."
"I had to cut mine in half to make it more comfortable, but it works to keep my ring on. A great replacement to an elastic band!"
this works great to keep my ring from doing all that crazy moving! I hardly notice it behind the ring since its so small and its comfortable!
"did not fit the ring. too small for the ring.
not what i thought i ordered. it was hard to tell online."
"I bought this to keep my engagement ring secure in the cold season when my hands are slightly smaller. It reduces my size 7 ring to about a 6.5, which is perfect. It is not very noticeable. The only down side is that since the band of my ring is very thin (1.5 mm) the tube sometimes slides around the side of the band and I have to readjust it so it's hidden on the under part of my finger. But that's okay."
"I wasted my money on these things, they will not stay on and are bulky and awkward feeling on your finger."
These are just tiny pieces of vinyl slit down the middle that attaches to the ring.  They slide around and fall off without much effort.
"Way too small.  Why can't I find one slightly larger?

Hard to place on ring and just too, too small!"
"I bought this to help fit a ring my boyfriend gave me. It did the job however I found it very uncomfortable, and way noticeable! But for the price it does the job!"
Great idea but just didn't work for me. They kept falling off and every time I washed my hands it would move and almost fall off.
"I got my engagement ring sized and it came back too big.  Because I wanted to show the ring off I opted not to send it back to be sized.  So, I was using a small piece of paper and some tape around the shaft and it seemed to work well for me. However, it was a little tacky to see a clump of paper wadded up around my ring.  When I found this item I thought it was perfect.  I immediately put the petite noodle on my ring and fit perfectly.  After 5 days of wearing it was poking me.  I wash my hands often.  I believe the water has caused it to dry up. Thus, the slit has begun to stretch and draw back.  So, there is a big gap in the noodle and the edges poke my fingers and hand.  I've only had them for a few weeks and I've used all there noddles.  They do work but, you'll have to purchase more in about a month.  The price for the item and shipping is simply not worth it.  I'm going back to my paper and tape until I get my ring sized down."
I am very pleased with this item.  Does just what it is suppose  to doe and is very comfortable. Will buy again.
"I got my finger measured for my engagement ring in the middle of summer when it was very very hot out, so now that it's cold my ring always feels loose and I have been afraid I'll lose it. I've only had the engagement ring for a few months, so I'm expecting it to fit fine once summer comes back around, but until then I got the small set of ring noodles to try out as a temporary, seasonal solution to my problem. The middle size (I actually have no idea how the different sizes are named, it's not very obvious with them being called ""mini,"" ""petite,"" and ""narrow"") was perfect for my ring, and I just trimmed a little bit off the end so it wouldn't be too tight. When the ring is on you can barely see the noodle - I decided I would rather not have the outside of the band covered by the ring noodle so I opted to go for the middle size so the noodle wouldn't close completely (see my posted images). It does have a bit of a sharp edge, so it would probably be less pointy if I were to go one size up and the noodle completely closed around the band, but I always have that option in the future since I bought the variety pack.

I am a little worried that the plastic will irritate my skin, so for now I have been taking the ring off to shower and being extra careful when washing/drying my hands so I don't get soap underneath. My other concern is that the color may become more yellow over time, but that's what you get for a $5 piece of plastic, and it's really not a big deal if that does happen. I've only had it for a few days so obviously that isn't a problem yet.

It's not the most elegant solution, but it's a hell of a lot better than losing my ring, and I was actually pleasantly surprised by how well it worked and how subtle it looks. The item images look like crap so I thought I was taking a huge gamble buying this, but it's really a lot better in real life. Definitely worth trying out if your ring is too big and you're looking for a temporary solution without having to resize it."
"I have a ring addiction, but it's costly to have a ring resized and some rings just can't be altered.  I've ordered a variety of Ring Noodles and love them.  I do think they are a bit over priced, but they are comfortable, easy to put on, and most of all they solve the problem.  The thinner ones are also helpful at keeping the ring upright on your finger.  Love them, and can't live without them."
Just what I wanted.  I bought a new engagement ring and at the time I was measured for it my finger was a bit swollen. The small ring noodle fits perfectly and I can wear the ring and it is not noticable and I feel confident that the ring will stay in place. Very practical solution for those of us who have some swelling at times in our fingers.
"I have several rings that need to be tightened just slightly, and although they're quite pretty, they're not that expensive and no way am I paying 50-70 dollars to re-adjust them. This is exactly what the doctor ordered. I ordered another package in wide for two other rings I have. Great price too"
Very happy with this product.  Comes with three in a package and I have had the first one on for a couple of weeks already and still in good shape.  Great product and company shipped immediately.  I will buy again.
"The ring noodles do what they are suppose to do.  Unfortunately, the small one is so small that it won't fit most rings.  For what it is, the price is too high.  Should only be a $2 item at most."
"I've tried EVERYTHING and this is the BEST product on the market.  All the other brands don't compare, the glue is horrible. But this is the most comfortable and perfect product for temporary ring sizing."
"A great concept. Makes rings fit & stop turning, you can't feel them, and they can be switched from ring to ring."
"I can wear my amethyst engagement ring perfectly now with these without having to spend a lot to get it resized.

They fit my tiny, long fingers! I'm so happy! Quick shipping for such a lovely price.
I wear my ring every day, and didn't feel a thing when I put them on.
They don't bother me, and keep clean, very easy to remove and put on.

Thanks a lot!"
"does the job well, im using it on my promise ring, band size is 6mm. and my boyfriend's ring, band 8mm...works great on both, reduces about .5 to 1 ring  size :)"
You get three pieces of plastic the size of a fingernail clipping.  The didn't fit any of my rings.  AVOID!!!
"Got he incorrect size ,Sorry not your fault. Did not pay close enough to the description . Should have tried the larger sizes but was pressed for time in getting my wife's ring sized to not slip off her finger."
I am so happy to have found these little gems! I have a few antique rings that cannot be safely resized and these allow me to wear them comfortably and with added security.
"Works just as described. It does not bother me while I wear it (everyday). It fits my tiny pinky ring.

1 star off because I wish it was less bulky visually but really it's not noticeable from afar & much better than any other options out there, especially the tacky bandaid trick I had to resort to before I found this!"
"I've used other ring resizer brands that were acceptable, but this one is perfect. It's pre-rounded so it's more comfortable than other models and my ring now fits perfectly with no slipping. My ring is titanium with a ceramic inlay and (according to any jewelers I've talked to) cannot be resized, so very happy for this solution!"
"I got engaged in August and these things are a lifesaver.  I am in the process of losing weight before the wedding (just like everyone does! LOL) and rather than having my engagement ring repeatedly re-sized, I purchased these and they are a lifesaver!  Once you get the hang of putting them on your ring, they are super easy to use and do exactly what they are supposed to do.  Follow the instructions and you'll probably get the hang of it faster than me.  I didn't read them at first.  I bought the mini size and the next size up (which is basically just a fatter tube) as the fatter one will work better as I lose more weight.  These also help keep your ring ""up"" so the heavier stone doesn't flip around to the palm side of your hand.  They come 3 to a package and one package lasts me about 3 month or so.  After repeated handwashings, they tend to discolor a bit and lose flexibility so once that happens I change it out to a new one."
"This is a good size for most men's rings, but we did need the wide one for some rings. Is a nice simple way to deal with the fact that my husband lost quite a bit of weight and none of his rings fit."
A nice inexpensive way to deal with the fact that my husband has lost quite a bit of weight and all of his rings were to big. I thought the noodle might bother him but it has not
If you have time may be able to find small piping a home supply shop that would work just as well
"Delivery was fast. I used the product for a couple of days but I don't feel comfortable with it. Maybe I bought the wrong size. Product is good, its just not what I need."
"Don't waste your money on this product.  It does sort of make your ring fit better.  But it is just a piece of slightly curved plastic tubing, total value probably a penny.  It is bulky and not very comfortable so would not be appropriate to wear daily, and don't wash your hands too much with it on because soap and water will get trapped in it.  Yuck.  I think I paid something like $8 with shipping.  Hands down, this is the biggest rip-off I have ever been suckered into.  Sorry folks."
This little plastic cover on the back of my ring provides comfort and security for my anniversary ring which is sized a quarter too large for my ring finger.  The ring noodle is clear so I'm the only one who sees it!
My Fiance's hands definitely shrink a good half a size or so in the colder weather and she found that her engagement ring was always sliding around on her. This fit the ring really well and kept it from sliding at all. Nice easy solution.
"This product does work. Especially good for those rings that spin around when your fingers get cold. I am looking for another solution,however, as these are bulky and soet of a hassle."
I have a lot of rings that I got when my mother passed away and they can't be sized down. These do just fine but I think they would be better and more comfortable if they were made of silicone and not hard plastic.
"Very good to size a ring.  Self-explanatory, comfortable and inconspicuous.  Arrived very quickly as well.  Probably the easiest sizer to use by far."
I  purchased these for my daughter after I bought 2 rings for her just in case they were a bit loose. They did the trick and kept them from sliding.
I use these all the time for those rings that are just slightly loose ... A great find been looking for awhile and of course Amazon had them....I'll be ordering again
"I purchased a customized ring on Etsy and it was just half a size too big (9.5). I ordered this item because it said it was for petite rings for half size adjustments. I received it quickly, three noodles that look and feel to be about the same size, and it was easy to put on my ring. One thing I was afraid of was that it said it accommodates ring widths up to 2.5mm and mine is 3mm. Well it seems to fit fine. There's a little gap between so it's more of a C shape than an O, but hopefully that won't be a problem. Anyway, I like it and I'm not afraid of my ring falling off now."
"Seemed like a great idea however they fall off without warning.  They are great until you actually go through your day and then, all of a sudden, they are gone and my ring is falling off again."
"Problem: finger at knuckles = size 9, finger at base = size 7. So my ring was loose.

My jeweler gave me free ring snuggies (from the multi pack she got from the distributor). They were okay but I wanted to try the noodle before settling. My ring is 2.5 mm wide at the palm and I ordered these in narrow first but the barely fit (while they are longer than the ring snuggies the narrow tops out at 2.5 mm and so it fit with the seam mostly open). The good thing about that is very little accumulates in it. The bad thing was that it scratches the skin (e.g. when applying lotion), it comes off easily and does not provide my ring the protection I need when lifting weights. So I went up to the medium which closes completely around a 2.5 mm ring albeit with a little room for gunk accumulation.  IMO I would rather have removable gunk than scratches on my ring.  So if your ring is borderline between sizes go up a size on these and you will be happy.  The open end does not feel wonderful on skin but you get used to it.  My ring does not spin. FYI, the plastic material of all these products is about 1.5 mm thick for size reduction. So far, I have done laps in the pool with this and both my ring and the noodle stayed put (that's right I rarely take off my ring - except in the ocean)."
"Problem: finger at knuckles = size 9, finger at base = size 7. So my ring was loose.

My jeweler gave me free ring snuggies (from the multi pack she got from the distributor). They were okay but I wanted to try the noodle. My ring is 2.5 mm wide at the palm so I ordered the narrows and while they are longer than the ring snuggies the narrow tops out at 2.5 mm and so it fit with the seam mostly open. The good thing about that is very little accumulates in it. The bad thing was that it scratches the skin (e.g. when applying lotion), it comes off easy and does not provide my ring the protection I need when lifting weights. So I went up to the medium which closes completely around a 2.5 mm ring with a little room (for gunk).  I would rather have removable gunk than scratches on my ring.  So if your ring is borderline go up a size on these and you will be happy. FYI, the plastic material of all these products is about 1.5 mm thick for size reduction"
"The first ring my boyfriend bought me was a size too big, so I bought a ring noodle to prevent it from sliding off my finger. It worked for the first day, but that was it. It somehow kept turning inside out. Whenever I washed my hands, soap and water would stay in there, and I can't imagine that's good for the ring. (I suppose that sort of thing can't be avoided, but it is still an inconvenience.) The good thing is, it does the job and you barely notice it.

If you're considering the metal-like ring guard, that one is even worse! The second ring my boyfriend bought me needed another ring guard, but the only guard Kay Jewelers had was the metal one. It not only switches sizes on me often, but it also scratches up my beautiful ring!

Long story short: put the ring in a safe place and get it resized as soon as you can. It is not worth spending money on a cheap product."
"The concept is good to get you by until you can have a ring resized. However, this product is simply two curved pieces of plastic tubing not all that different from aquarium air hose tubing cut in half. The slit in the tubing pinches your skin as well. I personally don't recommend this product, especially not at this price."
"The plastic bites into the skin. I have very small fingers, size 5 1/2. Simply didn't work and protruded too much"
Never thought this cheap simple solution would fix my problem but it works better than any other product I've tried.
It is easy and cheap way to reduce the size of the ring. I found that the plastic ring has very sharp corners and it hurt my hand. I cut corners off and it seems more smooth now.
Does mostly a petty good job. We still have trouble with finding very low profile solutions and this isn't one of them
"I had an issue with receiving my order.  I contacted the seller through Amazon and they emailed me immediately to resolve the problem.  When I requested an alternative to resolving the problem, they accommodated me.  I received my order promptly after that.  I was very impressed with the manner in which they addressed me and handled the situation.  I wish more companies cared about their customers this much.  The mini ring guards are working as stated in the description.  Very happy with my purchase!"
Very thin dimension (best for thin shanks) - perfect for the rings that slip just a bit too much to comfortably wear.
"Now that the weather is cold, the ring guard falls off every time I remove the ring from my finger.  I've checked to be sure it's applied properly, but it just won't stay on.  It is VERY narrow and that's all I needed b/c the ring fit fine in warm weather and just needed a little slack taken up in the winter.  Don't know the solution."
Fits my ring perfectly on the small band and makes my ring just the perfect size without needing to pay a lot to get it professionally re-sized.
"This product is just perfect! I have lost weight so much that I thought I might lose my wedding and engagement ring set. The medium size Ring Noodle is perfect for both of them to fit through and keeps them on my finger without having to resize them just yet. It took a little while to get used to it, but it is very comfortable - it doesn't pinch or move or bother me at all."
"My fianc&eacute; has some weird fingers that sometimes are smaller than usual, her ring fell a couple of times, Ring Guard help whit this situation, it fits perfectly.

btw, PGC customer support is awesome."
"This doesn't really do the trick. The ring noodle is made of cheap rubber / plastic and although it adds a bit of thickness to an oversized ring, they have a tendency to dig into the sides of your fingers and/or slide off easily and get lost, which means you could easily go through 3 of these / month. I'll be re-sizing the ring for a more permanent solution once we get married, but in the meantime, she goes without them because they aren't very comfortable to wear."
Works fairly well.  I'm between 3 stars & 4.  The ring I needed this for is really too large for the largest size in this set - not Ring Noodle's fault.  It's comfortable & doesn't damage the ring.
This fell off very quickly. It was also very uncomfortable and I really didn't enjoy having it on my ring.
"Perfect for what I needed.  I didn't want to permanently size down my wedding ring just yet, so this is a perfect solution.  It's easy to put on and comfortable to wear - I have two of them on simultaneously on my wedding ring and engagement ring, so they're back to back on my finger, but it doesn't bother me."
"It worked for my needs until I could get a metal sizer put on my engagement ring (apparently I didn't measure with the print-out paper thing very well!) After a bit though, it did get a little yellow. It was comfortable enough for short term use."
Ring noodle is not very reliable! After a few hand washes the noodle was off the ring and gone as it is clear plastic.. good luck finding it when it falls off. Bummer.
I just needed a slightly smaller size on a ring and thought this would do the job.  Problem is that it slips around the ring and makes it less than comfortable and attractive.  Nice idea but needs something to keep it from moving around the ring.
"They do not fit most rings, are very difficult to put on and constantly fall off. I will say they do the job after you finally get one to fit, but it will fall off in a matter of hours and you will never find it.  Not worth one thin dime. Buyer's remorse."
"These are great for just a little bit of tightness to a loose ring. My cold hands in the winter make my ring sllide all over, but this helps a lot!"
I bought these and same in the petite size. The slit in them that allows you to put them on your rings is the same slit that allows them to slip off and are lost within minutes or hours of putting them on. They are a total waste of money!
"I bought these in the petite and regular sizes.  They go on easily and work until they just fall off  and are lost, frequently within minutes or  hours of putting them on as there is nothing to keep them on.  The slit in them that allows you to put them on your rings is the same slit that allows them to easily fall off. Total waste of money!"
These don't long so they are essentially a waste of money.  I was not impressed and will not purchase again.
"The snuggie fits perfectly! My fiancee loved it. I wish I would've got it earlier! I would definitely recommend it, it's not uncomfortable at all! Great purchase."
"The ring spacer comes with three 'noodles' which you can cut to size.  I ended up making 3 versions - one for when my finger is small, one for when it is the normal size, and one for the times it would be tight.

It's not a permanent solution, but if you are holding off on resizing it and need a quick solution to keeping the ring on without people knowing that you have a ring spacer on, this works great."
Its a plastic tube but then they did say  thats all it is. It could of have been alright at that but it is uncomfortable because the plastic is too stiff and too big around.
"Works, but gets in the way from time to time. Will resize my ring when I get around to it. jj"
"For $6 I wasn't expecting much, but three, small, cuts of what appears to be fish rank air supply tubing. They lasted two days before falling off my wife's fingers. Her rings are going back into the safe until she gains back a little of her post birth weight loss."
So far so good! I have smaller fingers but my knuckles cause me to have to get bigger ring sizes. My ring is a 4 1/2. It was too big below my knuckle and my ring would spin and flop around which was very annoying. Now it fits perfect with my ring noodle and stays in place!
"This product delivered as promised. It prevented my wedding ring from slipping off. However, you don't want to go around forever with a little bit of plastic attached to your ring. This product is great for just a stopgap measure before you get your ring properly resized. Or if you need it for a ring that you only wear temporarily it would work too. It is not a long term solution for a rinf you wear every day. For 5 bucks this was a great product to help me out until I got my ring resized at the jeweller."
I bought an antique ring that was too big. I had it sized but it was still too big especially now that the weather has cooled and my finger is less swollen. So I put it on this ring and it has worked perfectly. The directions say you can cut it down to make it more narrow but I didn't do that. I am used to it now and don't even notice it is on. I highly recommend it.
"They do the job, but I find them uncomfortable for everyday use. I its your engagement ring you need to keep in place take it to the jewelers"
"ALTHOUGH IT IS RATHER DIFFICULT TO APPLY IT TO THE RING AND GET ON YOUR FINGER WITHOUT SLIPPING OR TWISTING OUT OF POSITION, IT DOES WORK BETTER THAN ""RING SNUGGIES"""
this product sux big time don't adhere good at all metal ones are a lot better  don't buy this product
"They fall off too easily, are all gone and that is that I tried using tape to hold them together"
"There's only one thing to say, which it that this product does what it was designed to do, and that is keep my ring on my finger."
"My fingers seem to change size throughout the day/night,  I am a nurse and between washing my hands non-stop and having to frequently use lotion to keep them soft, and pulling gloves on and off constantly, I was terrified my new engagement ring would slip off. I am using the smallest size that came in the package, and despite having a size 10 ring finger (yes, fat fingers), I found it more comfortable to trim it slightly shorter with a sharp pair of manicure scissors.  The material is comfortable and has not caused me any irritation or problems.  While waiting for the product to arrive, I tried using a small piece of oxygen tubing to do the same job and found the tubing to be too thin to grip the actual ring prevent slippage or the ring twisting around through the tubing.  I will likely be ordering more so that I have extras when this one gets too grungy.. and plan on giving my co-worker the other 2 in the package to try on her new engagement ring as she has the same problems I do.  I will be looking to see if they offer single-size packages now that I know what size I need."
"The noodle stretches out over time, waters gets in it & feels weird, and you have to make sure you get small or large depending on the ring width.  I wanted to avoid getting my ring resized, but after what happened above I determined the best solution for everyday rings is to just resize the metal."
"This was the perfect solution for me! I have tiny fingers, and my engagement ring is sized at a 3.5. It fits perfectly in the summer, but now that the weather is cooler, it is sometimes just that little bit too big. I really don't think I could get it sized much smaller and have it fit over my knuckle and still fit during the warmer months, so the noodle is a great solution. I was worried about a ring guard because I've heard they can scratch rings, and I didn't want that. I was a little worried about getting this after reading some negative reviews, but I have had no issues with it at all. The petite size is just the perfect amount, and it is easy to fit on the ring. I really don't know how so many people have lost them, because once it is in place against your finger, it seems there is no way that it would just slip off, because it is sitting closely to your finger. It isn't uncomfortable at all, and I barely notice it's there once it's on. I would highly recommend this product, and ignore the negative reviews. For people who had issues, they probably did not order the correct size. Love it!! Also arrived very promptly and in just a few days."
This product will be so useful to wear my rings on different fingers. I'm very excited to try this out.
"I like that this only brought my ring about half a size smaller. Unfortunately, my band looks perfect size for the noodle, but when I take the ring off, the noodle pops off, as well. They also move around on the ring. They are comfortable to use, though. They would be okay for a one-night solution. My ring is not sizable, so I am going to try having sizing balls installed, instead."
This product will be so useful to wear my rings on different fingers. I'm very excited to try this out.
"This is a wonderful product, now I can wear my rings on just about any finger.
Thank you for your speedy delivery."
"This is a wonderful product, now I can wear my rings on just about any finger.
Thank you for your speedy delivery."
"Best for small rings. If you have a man sized ring or big fingers, it's a waste of time of money"
These were just what I needed to add a little extra to a few rings that have gotten too big.  I would have liked a little more option in sizes (I rotate the medium size noodle to different rings as I need to) but overall pleased with my purchase.
"I'm in the middle of losing a lot of weight and my engagement ring was starting to get to be about a size too loose. I don't want to get it resized until I get to my goal weight, so this was a good alternative.  It keeps my precious ring from sliding off my finger or spinning.  It IS a tiny bit bulky, but it's nothing that I can't get used to and it's not a permanent solution."
"I was skeptical, but for the price why not? It slipped on my size 7 ring with no problem and it fit my size 6.5 finger perfectly. I then tried a few on my other rings which were just a touch too big, and yes - they all fit. Once on, you can't see it unless you are right on top of it. I would recommend this to anyone who has rings that slip and slide but not quite ready to bring to a jeweler. My next purchase will be the larger size - just in case I obtain a new ring which is really too big."
"I just wanted to take about a half size to a full size off of a couple of rings that were too big. Even the ""narrow"" noodle was too thick and made too big an adjustment to my ring so that I couldn't get it on my hand."
"Don't like it at all.  it falls off of the ring every time you wash your hands.
waste of money
glad they were inexpensive"
"This is a great product, it holds my ring in place and i gives me the confidence that i'm not going to lose it.
I wasn't able to have the ring resized as it just slide over my knuckle, I just needed a little something to fill that small gap where the ring sits to stop it form spinning and sliding back and forth.
Its really easy to slide on, even with it on your finger - I have to put it on after I put the ring on since I wouldnt be able to get it over my knuckle with it on."
Other ring guards we tried to use to size my daughter's ring were bulky on the inside of her hand.  The ring noodle was prefect.
"I originally ordered a ""PETITE"" RING NOODLE to prevent my ring from spinning. The product did not work well for me. After submitting my review to the seller, PGC, they immediately sent me a ""NARROW"" RING NOODLE, free of charge. The ""NARROW"" size works perfectly! The problem was NOT the product, it was the SIZE that I had originally ordered. THANK YOU ""PGC"" for your EXCELLENT SERVICE! I GIVE YOU A 5 STAR REVIEW for this product!"
It does what it says it would but I find it a little uncomfortable. I will try to figure something out to make it work.
Nothing more to say except I used all three in the package by the second day.  No matter how careful I was it just came off and was gone.  Won't buy these again.
"Came in a timely fashion, works exactly as advertised. Would like a bigger one, not wider one! The plastic one cuts my hubby's hand as he works...."
The noodle worked for me. I used the smallest one. It fit just right. I'm satisfied. It's kind of hard though.
"I needed the largest size for his ring. It did come with 3 sizes as described. My husband says it fits great, comfortable. He has been wearing it for a week. We may order more to have as back ups as this will wear."
"I bought this ring guard with another set - the Ring Noodle Set of 3 - 1 narrow, 1- medium, 1 wide - and I'm glad I did. This one I bought because my engagement ring was just a little bit too big and I thought that the description of ""petite - less reduction"" would be what I need. But the plastic material this one is made of is very thin and moved easily around my ring. And it also came off easier. I lost this one when I took my engagement ring off to do the dishes. I then opened the other set and used the narrow one from the set of 3. That one has been perfect! It doesn't slip around my ring and it feels nice and snug but not too tight. The material is also thicker and doesn't fall off when I am using my hands on everyday activities."
"I have sizing beads added on my e-ring, but my ring still felt loose. So I gave this ring noodle a try. I ordered petite size because the band is thin and I just wanted it to be a bit smaller. But since I have these sizing beads on the band... the ring noodle did not really fit. I wore it only for half a day and lost it :( It just fell off too easily.. Maybe I would try a larger size next time."
"I was shocked by how fast this was shipped and it was exactly what I expected. It makes your ring just a little bit tighter, which is what I wanted."
"My ring fits. The ""noodle"" is a very soft plastic, it is taking a little bit to get used too but it is worth it to save money on resizing my ring. The price (+shipping) is a little high for 3 little ""noodles""."
I have arthritis in my fingers so my rings have to be large to go over my knuckle.  This reducer is not as obvious as the metal ring guard that I had tried.  It goes on easily and I am able to wear my rings again :-)
"The ring noodle keeps my ring from rolling around my finger.  I have big knuckles, so rings don't fit correctly.  The ring noodle takes some getting used to, as it feels a bit bulky, but once the wearer becomes used to it, it feels fine.  A very cheap solution for rings that don't fit."
Very pleased. Have 2 turquoise rings...one I lost and had to replace. I am using this on both rings for secure fit....the mine is closed now and replacing them will be difficult! Very pleased!
"I purchased a three-pack of Ring Noodles after I noticed that my ring felt loose and was spinning around my finger. The Ring Noodle was easy to put on my ring and it is comfortable to wear. Though my ring feels secure and snug, it still spins around my finger. The Noodle is often on top of my finger instead of the stones. Also, lotion and other substances will get inside the Ring Noodle. I recommend this product to someone looking for an inexpensive, short-term solution to a loose ring."
"This ring noodle didn't work well for me.  It wouldn't stay on and it kept slipping around the ring. Guess I'll have to get my ring resized after all.  I was hoping for a quick, easy solution."
Love this product!  The only problem is that they wear out and get dirty quickly.  I would suggest buying a few bags because you will lose or wear them out so quickly.  Good thing they are cheap :)
These were nice for the price and that there was a variety of sizes. but still please with the purchase
"Reduces ring size by about 1 size and can be trimmed for less. I like that it is soft plastic - I know it won't scratch my ring and is comfortable to wear. So far I haven't had any problem keeping it on. My band is petite, about 2.2 mm wide, and the ring noodle fits with room to spare. Exactly what I need to keep my engagement ring on my finger until I can get it resized!"
Wish that there was something kept it together. Fits the rings well though. I am happy with it for the price.
"I ordered a ring set for while I was pregnant, since my regular rings wouldn't fit, and I knew going up a whole size wouldn't fit so I got the ring noodle. It worked well for the most part... The bands on my rings are really thin so the noodle fit around both which was nice. Sometime though when putting on my rings it would roll off. It could have been due to being around two rings or my fingers swelling more though. Either way, for the great price I recommend them."
"i liked it. it came before expected. it does take some time getting used to. only get the petite if your ring is a little loose. mine was too big so i had to double up on ring noodles. overall, i like it and i would recomand it to anyone."
The ring noodle works just as described.  Once it was cut down it works great and keeps my ring in place.
It's a good product. It does what it claims. Let's say you bought a ring one or two sizes big and the can't fix it for a few days pull out your trusty ring  noodle and vuala!!  recommend it ladies they're very handy :).
"I had previously ordered the petite ring noddle and wasn't satisfied because water stayed trapped in the noddle when washing my hands or washing dishes.  I had left a review stating how I was happy with the service I received from the vendor but not satisfied with the product.  Within the same day of writing the review, John from the company contacted me and apologized for the issue I was having and sent me out the petite ring noddle (at no charge) which I LOVED.  It is a much better fit and I have no issues with it!  I was amazed at how fast he contacted me and how quick I received the new petite ring noddle's.  GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!  Thanks John!"
"These were very comfortable and descreet, but they weren't thick enough for the size I needed my ring to be (a full size down). Good quality, but I ended up using the Ring Snuggies because they are thicker."
The noodle works fine but is a bit bulky on the ring if the ring is wide and for someone with smaller fingers it takes a while to get used to the added size.  Unable to wear engagement ring with wedding band any longer due to the added size the noodle adds.
I wish more narrow and med were available. The wide is useless to me. Other than that I love them
"it is hard to get it to stay on ring,the ring is very thick ,i tried large size but it keeps coming off ring.,"
"It's actually just a tiny piece of pvc piping with a slit down the middle, but still clever, and does the job in a pinch. I don't know how long it will keep it's shape, though. Thanks!"
"It doesn't bother me when I'm wearing my ring with the noodle because it feels like I'm just wearing my ring!
It was closed pretty tight for a week or two, but it's starting to open up.
There's no problem with that though, still its perfectly."
"did not last very long,point blank period,fell off all the time and need to be glued in with the ring. was a waste"
"Works just like expected. My only issue is that if the ring has a wide shank, the ring noodle will not fit on it. The ring noodle does work well for small or thin sized shanks. I will continue looking for ring size reducers for wide shank rings."
"These ring guards did not add much cushion between my size 7 wedding ring and petite ring finger, but most disturbing one fell off only after a couple of days of wearing it. They might work best for even smaller fingers."
"The plastic is thick and is uncomfortable on the finger. While it does resize my tungsten carbide ring, it doesn't do a good job of it."
"And Comfortable!!!  My mom and I share a box of these ring noodles in narrow, medium, and wide.  I haven't had much use for the narrow or wide ones, but a lot of use for the medium ones.  I chose to purchase a second set of the medium noodles, as my ring finger is a size 4 (I know, that's seriously tiny, so I actually need these) and my middle finger and pointer finger are both a size 5.  They are so much more comfortable than the traditional metal ring guards!  I definitely recommend them to anyone who might need to change a ring size in winter!"
"The concept is good; however, the noodles fell off within a few days. They are of poor quality. Save yourself the hassle and have balls inserted by a professional jeweller to size your ring down if necessary. That's what I should have done from the get go."
"This ring noodle is great. Was the perfect thing to make my ring fit just right. I've been wearing mine for a couple months, in showers too, and so far no discoloration. That's a nice thing. It's not really noticeable either. You adjust quickly to wearing it."
"Yes, this product works, basically.  But, it is uncomfortable, the edges scrape against the other fingers on each side.  It does not go on easily after the ring is on as stated.  It slides on the ring so it moves up the side of the ring etc.  Eventually stretches so that it sits on the ring but is ""open"" and gets dirty inside.  Not really worth the $7 + (inc. shipping) for 3 little pieces of plastic tubing.  So, disappointed in the product and the price."
"The ring noodle slipped all around, waste of money.  Will have to get my ring sized since I can't seem to find a product that works."
My only gripe is that I wish these were stiffer so they wouldn't stretch out so quickly. It fits my engagement ring perfectly.
"With the ring noodle, now I can wear my ring comfortably without having to worry about it moves around my finger constantly. The ring noodle is easy to put on and take off. I originally ordered the wrong size but the customer service was so helpful and the replacements came right away. Anyone who is interested in trying out the ring noodles should go ahead and order with confidence, your purchase won't go wrong!"
"The ring still slides around a bit but I can control it better.  Have to be careful  not to travel with it, holding a suitcase as it tends to work its way off, but its better than spending a fortune at the jeweler's for a ring guard."
"I have tried other brands but this one was the best. I also bought another package for noodles of different sizes. It's practical, easy to put on the ring and doesn't bother me while it's on. Only thing is that you do have to be careful when you carry something because it tends to slip off your ring."
"I have tried other brands but this one was the best. I also bought another package for Petite. It's practical, easy to put on the ring and doesn't bother me while it's on. Only thing is that you do have to be careful when you carry something because it tends to slip off your ring."
"I ordered the petite one and its exactly as I expected it to be.  Its nice and flexible so it contours well with my finger but my ring itself was too thin for it.  I know a lot of the reviews said that it keeps moving around and its ""too big"".  Its true if your ring is thin (like my engagement ring was), but it works well with some of my other costume jewelry."
"My mom gave me her engagement ring before she passed away, and I bought these to make it fit me so I wouldn't lose it.  It seemed like a great idea.  I put the first one on, and it had fallen off and disappeared within a few hours.  I hoped that was a fluke, and I put on the 2nd one.  It lasted about 2 weeks, so I was feeling encouraged.  Then it disappeared, too.  I put on the 3rd one because, why not, right?  I paid for it, and what else am I going to do with it?  It lasted about a week to 10 days and disappeared.  They fall off, and they're so small and clear that you just never see them again.  I have no idea where they went to.  They just weren't there all of the sudden.  Oh well, nice try. I wonder if the two edges could be melted or glued together so they won't fall off.  I give them 2 stars for the idea, but no more because it just didn't work. I'm not sure what to do  with my ring now."
This did not work for me at all.  It was uncomfortable on my finger and the ring slid around anyways.  I was only able to use one of the three since the others were too small.  Eventually the one that I did use fell off the ring and was lost.  In the past I used something that was called a ring guard that went inside the ring and stayed put.  That is what I will look for not this plastic junk. As a followup on 7/25/13: I went into a jewelry store and bought the ring guard which is even adjustable.
The ring noodle is a great idea but the noodle fell off my rings within an hour and were nowhere to be found.
"Just what I wanted.  I wear the guard on my wedding band daily.  Do not even know it is there.  I like the clear.  It does not show, that I have the guard on.  Easy to attach."
"My Ring Noodles arrived earlier than expected, well packaged and very easy to use. This product eliminated the need for costly ring re-sizing and delivered on all advertised promises. I needed to contact the seller who responded very quickly and went above and beyond in customer satisfaction and appreciation. A pleasure to do business with. I heartily recommend this company and Ring Noodles to anyone. A real bargain for ease of operation and comfortable fit."
These did not work well for me.  They pressed into my hand and did not feel good.  I am just going to have the ring resized.
"Overpriced.  Found out they have at Walmart.
Would work if ring is really big.  Mine just slid around after I put it on."
Small and discrete. I wear it to make a top heavy ring move less on my finger and it works great
"I love this!  It's comfortable without being too thick, giving just that extra bit of cushion needed for my ring to perfectly fit. It also helps to protect the bottom of the ring from being scratched.  I've recommended this to several of my friends. The seller is also nice and helped me when I ordered the wrong size.
Thanks! I'll be ordering again soon!"
"This noodle size was not wide enough for a man's ring,should be a lot wider to fit all the way around"
"Product was good quality, packaged well, material was a bit harder than expected but works as advertised. Does tend to pick up lotion / soap."
"I'm so pleased, it works great.  I'm fixing to buy some more.  I would highly recommend this product.  Thanks a bunch."
I purchased this for a ring that was slightly too big for me.  Not a great product if you wash your hands all the time (I am in medical) because the plastic goes soft and rubbery.  Will not buy again.
orderedfor my Navy ring works well but is not what what  I expected does not stay on ring well slipps off
I didn't think much off the ring noodle..found it to flimsy and it didn't stay on the ring.  Best thing is either get the ring sized or put tape around it.  The tape works better than this.
"depends on whose wearing it, my husband had to wear 2 just to get the fit he wanted, and when i used mine, in one day it slipped off and was lost... you only get 3.  not what i expected. better off finding another product or wearing on another finger."
this is dependent on how much sizing you need. My ring stays on but slides back and forth. The narrow sizer made my ring so tight it left a mark on my finger. For someone else it might be perfect.
"I have had this noodle set for a couple weeks now. It keeps my wedding ring from sliding off- which is what I needed. I use the smallest noodle. I was quoted $100- $170 for getting my wedding rings resized so I decided to try this for a bit. My fingers just started shrinking this past year so I don't want to resize my rings just yet. It gets the job done. It would be nice if they used a different material on the outside, something softer so it would be more comfortable but like I mentioned, it gets the job done at a low price. I would recommend as only a TEMPORARY solution."
Didn't fit my ring well. Kept snagging on things and pulling off. Not that comfortable. It is no better than other similar products.
"It was great when I put them on, they did make my rings fit a bit better; however, they do not stay and you lose them often"
I bought the ring noodle to get me by until I can get my engagement ring resized. While it does keep the ring from sliding from side to side I've already gone through 2 of the 3 in less than a week because they fall off easily. =(
"Nice product.  I like it better than the thicker ones I bought.  Extremely comfortable and not noticeable like others listed on Amazon.  It keeps my channel set diamond ring from sliding around the finger, too, which I appreciate, so the diamonds stay on top of the hand, where you want them.  Nice product."
Go to a hardware or aquarium supply store and buy yourself some tubing you just split down the side as that's all this is and not worth the expense for the four little pieces.  Somebodys making a killing on not much to speak of.
"The product work great. It takes a little to get used to wearing, but it's not too bad, The sizing was perfect for my ring. The only things that I don't like about it is when the noodle slides around on my ring when it gets wet, and lotions, etc get stuck in the groove pretty easily. It's a great quick fix, but I can't wait to get my ring professionally sized."
"I am disappointed with the product. It is very bulky and uncomfortable, not to mention cheap looking. I would rather go to the jeweler to adjust the ring size"
My fianc&eacute; had tried a couple other plastic tube type adjusters and they were all uncomfortable. I bought this as a final attempt before resizing the ring and its PERFECT! She wasn't very excited to get it but its longer than the others and softer. She says its very comfortable and the ring feels much more secure.
"I thought I had found it... Still using but a little upset at the cost. Basically a section of clear vinyl tubing. I thought it would be more polished. It does work, but does not look any better than tape."
"I still hope there is going to be something better on the market, because even if the noodle works it has flows."
"The only useful ring noodle, for me, is the small.  Neither the medium nor the large will fit over the wider bands on my rings.  I am reordering the package that only contains the small size.  I'll have to try a different product for the rings in my collection that do not have very narrow, delicate bands."
"I bought this after my fiancee proposed until I got my ring sized. My knuckles are bigger than my finger, and this was perfect! The ring was a 6, and I needed a 5.5. After putting the ring noodle on, my ring fit perfectly. When I first put it on, the noodle was clear and wasn't noticeable at all. I noticed less than a week later it turned a yellow color, and I hadn't done anything dirty. Overall, it's a good short term fix :)"
I've recently lost weight and have about 10 rings that need sizing but sizing runs about $50 a ring here.  The noodle is a great quick fix.  I can now wear the rings and not have to wait for the resizing.  I highly recommend this product.
I found these to be very uncomfortable and they come off very easily - every time I washed my hands it would pop off! Annoying.
"These seem to loose. It slides around my ring to much. I am not sure it will stay on the ring
so I don't want to take a chance"
"Works great for keeping ring from spinning around, but comes off too easily when putting ring on and taking it off.  The very 'friction' that keeps my ring from spinning once I get my ring on using the Noodle, causes the Noodle to peel off when trying to remove the ring. The simple design is good, but the slit along the Noodle enables it to be easily lost since it's so tiny and clear/colorless.  For the price, I think they should provide many more of the Noodles per packet, since I'm sure they cost pennies to make, but can easily be lost. How about a long strip of silicone that can be wrapped about the ring shank making it less likely to easily be pulled off. LIGHTBULB MOMENT FOLKS!"
"I got these because recently purchased a wide band ring, returned didn't work. Good customer service though, so that's was nice."
not comfortable at first but you get used to them.  They come off easy-too easy!  Must be careful when taking the ring off-they will fall off and be lost.  did not cost much. a whole lot cheaper than going to a jeweler
"The Ring Noodle doesn't work! I placed it on my ring and it helped with my sizing but the noodle would work around to the top, and then slip off."
Really happy with my order. Arrived when it was expected and is way better than using tape to make my ring fit! It's a little hard to put on the ring the first few times but it gets easier if you need to take it off for any reason. Definitely recommend this product!
I use these on my rings when my fingers swell up and down.  It's not bulky and I've never lost any rings.
I was disappointed in this product. It does what it is suppose to in theory. But it rubs my fingers on the side where the plastic ends. It also can twist off and come off the ring more easily than I want. Is just not what I would hope it would be. I have tried this on my inexpensive ring but there is no way i would use this on my expensive ring. I'm going to take that one to go and get sized instead of using this.
"Most of the rings that I purchased from the department store are too big, I have a very skinny pinky finger, so, when I found this ring resizer, I was so excited. It is kind of disappointed, it doesnt make too much difference, and very easy to come off from the finger, it doesnt bother  me at all, but, didn't help too much either."
"Great little product for the price, delivered ultra fast. Love the 3 size options. I can be sensitive to synthetic materials, but the plastic in this doesn't bother me at all... and now I don't have to worry about losing my diamond - whew!"
this weren't really what I thought they were going to be. They are pretty thick which makes it some what uncomfortable to use. I don't even use them. I just live with my ring being loose.
Purchased this for a beautiful ring I could not get sized because of the silver.  The noodles are clear and almost invisible.  They exceeded my expectations and suited my purposes perfectly.  Would highly recommend these.
"These ring guards are good for sizing about a quarter of a size and a simple and inexpensive solution if you don't want to get your ring sized. However, after a few days of washing your hands with your ring/ring guard on, the tubing does start to gap and moves around on the ring a bit, also causing the ring to move around itself. So, just a warning, you will eventually have to replace the guard with a new one, but it's good a temporary fix."
"The ring noodles arrived early in an envelope. They're great quality, arrived just as described. I had to trim one to fit my ring but that was no problem."
"Easiest way to make a ring smaller. My mother bought a different brand and when I took one look, I ordered another set of these. Easy on, easy off, even if your finger swells a bit throughout the day."
"Noodles work on certain rings --  thin banded ones.  I would like to see a product that stayed on better, as the noodle will roll off when I remove my ring sometimes."
the item worked fine for the first few days...then it just became a nuisance...more than my too big ring.  just pieces of rubber that no longer held my ring in place...total garbage.
These do not stay on the ring I have lost 2 in 2 days . What a waste of money.
Keeps my rings from slipping and easy to get off and on.  I can't imagine using a lareger ring noodle though as I am aware of this one occasionally.
IT WORKS BUT MY RINGS TURN AROUND AND IT ONLY WORKS ON VERY SKINNY RINGS. HOWEVER SINCE IN WANT TO WEAR MY RINGS I AM USING THEM.
Only one of the noodles was a usable size.  Most were way to fat and bulky.  Out of the pkg. there is one sixe that I wear all the time.  It just stays on my ring and I can get the ring off and on perfectly.  But only only one.  The rest were useless.  It's cheap enough so you could purchase a couple pkgs to get at the one size that works but would be better if you could just get a few the right size in one pkg and skip the larger  useless ones..
"These ring adjusters work perfect. I needed at adjust my engagement ring and didn't want to take it to a jeweler...I tried the narrow ones first and was not 100% pleased, so I tried the petite and they fit perfect. My ring does not slide or come off of my hand with this on. I can even wash my hands and not worry about losing my ring. These are a life saver! I love them!"
"I ordered these as my engagement ring was slighlty too big and I didn't want to risk leaving it with a jeweler. This guard will work when you are in a pinch, but not for everyday use....."
awesome product! i had a ring that was a bit too large and this product is very comforatable and keeps my ring safe! haha
"GREAT product! I bought a pretty thick ring and realized I bought a size too large - this works PERFECT! I cut it down a bit cuz it was buggin me, which was easy and it works great."
These were the worst purchase I have ever made. recieved the package on Saturday. It comes with 3 noodles. By Saturday night I had lost 2 of them. They come off so easy. Big mistake. Can't even send them back now and get my money back cause they are gone. My advice.....Don't do it.
"I had ordered the Ring Noodle and left a review of a three, because it shifted on the ring and I was having to constantly adjust it. I ordered the wrong size it was not the product. The company read my review and sent me a different size which works perfectly. First off, a company that is as concerned as this one is, about customer satisfaction should be commended, and I highly recommend this company and their product. Thank you"
"About as low-tech as you can get, but does the job.  I trimmed mine a bit, which was easy.  Stays on and keeps my ring from spinning around my finger.  Can't even notice it... I was afraid it would look ""cheap""; not at all."
"My husband ordered this for me because my new anniversary ring is slightly loose. My ring is a size 6, but the 5.5 was a little too small. The ring noodle provides a perfect fit and keeps my ring from sliding around. It stays put all day. The ring noodle also provides protection to the bottom of the band so that it doesn't get scratched.

I'm very happy with the product!

Beware, the shipping takes awhile. I'm used to Amazon's fast 2-day shipping, but this item is sent from a different vendor. It took a week and a half to get here, despite being a tiny envelope package."
"Not even close.  I don't like to bash products, but this didn't work for me.  Sorry.  4 more words required, but I don't have four words worth to say."
"Pros:  Inexpensive, short-term fix
Cons:  Doesn't stay put--slides up & down sides of the ring.  After 2 months starts to discolor, harden and shrink a little.  For long-term fix you're better off getting the silicon gel that glues to the underside of your ring."
"I ordered this ring sizer because my ring is about a half size too big. I didn't want to take it in and not have it for three days, so this was a better choice. It's hardly noticeable on, and it makes my ring fit perfectly! It doesn't spin around anymore and doesn't wiggle. The ""noodle"" itself could be cut down if it's too long for you, but I have very small fingers (size 4) and you can't see the noodle when looking down from the top at all."
"I need my ring reduced 1/2 size and this product is perfect for that.  The problem is they fall off!  Three noodle rings come in a pack, the first lasted two days, and the second one lasted three days.  Also, the price is SOOOOO high for 3 tiny noodles--with shipping the total is $6-7."
"I bought the petit because I only needed a small size change and it was perfect.  I just wish it was a little wider.  Does not quiet fit over both bands.  Really made for one, but it still works."
My wife was not comfortable wearing her ring because it was just a little too loose. As a matter of fact she lost it in the child seat one time because it came right off.  This has resolved the issue and 3 ring noodles come in the pack.
I bought the Ring Noodle for my wife because her rings were to big. The Ring Noodles were easy to put on and my wife said they were very comfortable. They worked really well. They worked so well that I ordered two more sets of three. They arrived in three days. I would highly recommend the Ring Noodle.
"I got my ring sized before I was 100% sure which finger I wanted to wear it on, so I'm using the ring noodle to test out the ring on different fingers. Overall the noodle does help by taking the ring down about a half a size, maybe a full size (this is with the full length noodle, I have not cut it). It also helps keep my ring in place, for the most part. I still have some issues with the ring trying to turn around.

Regarding the product design, the ring noodle can and has fallen off my ring, but only when I am taking the ring on or off. The opening that lets you easily slide the noodle on lets it just as easily slide off. Although it is clear, you could definitely see it is on the ring if you are within about 2 feet and looking at my ring band. The pictures accurately show this.

What frustrates me about the noodle is that it makes the bottom of my ring stick out more than normal, so if I am using a computer mouse, for example, the noodle is resting on the mouse and my finger is slightly raised. Then the noodle catches on the mouse and my ring inevitably ends up moving around more than normal. Certainly this is not an issue with the brand but rather with the type of product. For a temporary fix or if you aren't sure what ring size you want, I'd recommend it, but not for anything permanent."
The pack came with 3 - fit my ring and my husbands. Quick cheap fix when you don't have the money to get them permanently fixed :-)
"My engagement ring was a little loose once the cold weather hit and my hands got cold & dry. I wanted to wait until summer to have it re-sized, if needed. Until then, I wanted to find a way to wear it without worrying if it would fall off or slip. These are PERFECT - you can't even feel it, you can barely see it, and it makes my ring fit perfectly. Would highly recommend it!"
did not work for my wife's ring three rings together would not work at all for her finger did not work
My ring noodle petite arrived in one day. It works well to prevent my ring from spinning around on my finger. Easy to put on with ring already on.
These noodles are great I have no problem putting on the ring and the noodle is very comfortable not like those straight ones
"This ring guard is nice because it is a soft plastic and almost invisible on the back of your ring. The downside is that it slides back and forth on the ring itself, which can get really annoying when it ends up between your fingers. It would be nice if it had a better grip on the inside to keep it from sliding around so much."
"Bought these since my engagement ring is a little loose and I want to wait until after summer to get it re-sized if I decide to go that route.  These slip on the ring very easily and stay on.  They are not noticeable to others.  They took a bit to get used to, but now I don't even notice that I have it on my ring.  They do get dirty after wearing for several weeks, so I stocked up and just put on a new one when the other one is looking dirty."
We purchased this ring guard to use on a size 5 ring that really should have been  size 4 or 4 1/2.  It brought it down 1/2 size which was good.  We only have one problem.  Even though the ring guard was purchased in a petite size it doesn't grab on too well to this petite ring.  Every now and then it has fallen off.  I think we may try using something like glue to adhere it to the ring so we will not lose the ring.
The item arrived very quickly. It was exactly as described. My Fiance uses them every day and they keep her ring on her fingers!
"This slides around on my ring and bothers me some.  It will work for temporary use, but I wouldn't want it on a ring I wear a lot."
"This was the perfect solution for me! Now my engagement ring fits without rolling around and I'm not afraid it will slip off when I'm cold. It wasn't big enough to have sized & if I did, it wouldn't fit in the summer heat. So this was the answer.
It is easy to put on & take off, not uncomfortable at all and I didn't even have to trim it."
I don't really get why some give this bad reviews... It clearly states that it is for sizing down a half to one whole size. If it's falling off then you obviously needed more than one size down and should have not gone with the Petite size. My engagement ring was just a little bit too big but I didn't want to size it down more because sometimes my fingers swell and then it fits ok so I got these to use on days that my fingers are normal size and they work perfectly! It took mine down about half a size and it sits snugly against my finger so it stays in place and doesn't slip off the ring. I also got this shipment so crazy fast which was a huge plus! Get this product if you need to go down a size.
"This reducer is easy to apply, stays put, and forms to the curve of the band for a more comfortable fit."
"The medium size fits the 4mm ring perfectly, but the small one is too small, and the wide one is just well too big."
"I got this because I didn't want to have to resize my ring just for the winter months. I had to use two and trim them because they are a little too short, and it just made it feel like I was wearing some cheap plastic ring. I'd rather use nothing at all, it was pretty uncomfortable. Also, the pack of three I got were all the same size. The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because it does what it says. It keeps the ring in place, just not comfortably."
"My ring band may just be too narrow, but the guard falls off after a day or two. It doesn't stay in place and the slit that allows you to install it also allows the guard to fall back off the ring. I've already lost two of the three pieces and have used it for less than a week. Waste of money."
"I bought this b/c my engagement ring is about 1/4 size too large.  My hands swell and shrink on a daily basis, so I didn't want to get the ring re sized.  This one tends to get soap in it when I'm washing my hands, and it's basically very very small plastic piping.. not sure why it costs $5.  I can probably find it online for $1 a yard!  It also discolors after a few days, so it's not very attractive from the other side.  Other than that, you'll get use to the fit, it's a little big but does fit the ring well, but not perfect.  The package as 3 and I've lost 2 guards in 2 months..."
"3 came in pack-good thing cause i lost 2 of them in 3 days, with the last one i had to use a small drop of crazy glue to close the opening to keep it from falling off."
"I received the two sets of Ring Noodles that I ordered very promptly.  However, the item is junk...simply rubber tubing slit on one side that only sizes my rings infinitesimally.  Frankly, to charge $4.99 + $2.00 S&H for this product is absolutely shameful."
"I got a size 5.25 engagement ring but found it too loose....it might be that i was sized when it was very hot and my finger might've been more swollen, and i had lost some weight. I think im a 5 size but didn't want to get it resized so I got the ring noodle. It fits my finger well and i am glad i bought this. The only thing is that my ring band is 1.9mm which is pretty thin band, so when i wash my hands, the water gets inside the noodle and the noodle moves around to the side and doesn't stay put, so i have to get in the habit of taking my ring off before washing my hand, which i don't like. if you have a thicker band then this may not be the case.

 besides that i like the product."
I was worried this would be uncomfortable but it isn't! I can't even tell it's on. My ring fits great now!!!
My weight fluctuates.  This is a great alternative to paying lots of money to resize and risk it not fitting.
Too thick for my rings.
"Couldn't use these, too bulky. very uncomfortable."
"A little thick so it sticks out, making handshakes awkward. Otherwise a smooth comfortable fit."
Great Quality! Arrived Quickly!!
"This is the perfect solution for me and my ring. It fits perfectly around my ring and my ring doesnt twist or move AT ALL! My ring would twist constantly when Im cold at work and my fingers shrink, but now it doesnt move at all! Im also less worried about it slipping off. This was the perfect solution for the little bit of extra grip that I needed without resizing. I like that I can take it off if I need to. Just be careful when putting your ring on and off that the noodle doesnt come off but Ive found that mine rarely ever does now so for me its perfect. Id recommend this to anyone with the right type of ring."
"These are okay, but the RingSlinkys are better. I bought both and only used the RingSlinkys"
Did not work. Would not stay on.
"Wife says: Choosing the proper size to fit your ring is key! I have a small band that is slightly big, and was told by the jeweler my ring could not be sized smaller than my 4.25 ring size. Enter the ""RING NOODLE.""  My anniversary band no longer spins around on my finger. The noodle is a good fit, is comfortable to wear, and doesn't have any rough edges to scratch or get caught on things. For my ring, the ""petite"" was the exact right size. I have ordered others in the past that were way too thick, so this one feels great. It's thin and hardly noticeable!"
didn't work as well as I expected. price was good
