My daughter loves it.  She has made lots and lots of items and the kids at school have talked her into making some for them!
"My daughter really wanted this kit and found it on Amazon.  It arrived 2 days later unfortunately one of the pegs had snapped off in the mail, although she could still make the bracelets it was not ideal.  I emailed the supplier on the Sunday morning just to make them aware this could happen, a new kit was delivered the same afternoon by the supplier.  Now that's what I call excellent customer service.

Now our local shop sells the kits, so we can purchase new bands and all her friends have purchased the kits too - makes a great gift."
"I bought two of the Twistz Bandz Bracelet Making Kit for
two grandchildren.  The products were delivered in lightning fast
speed and the kids liked them so much that I am now about to
order two more kits for two other grandkids.  Thank you.
I would recommend this product to anyone who will listen!"
"I bought this for a friend's seven-year old (with a sixteen year old sister).  She (they) LOVED it.  I am very pleased with the response to the gift, and don't mind ""splurging"" on a gift I am certain to be enjoyed."
I bought this product a few days before Christmas and was surprised on how quick I received it in the mail. I have been making bracelets for my daughters by following the youtube videos. This is a quick way to make bracelets and anyone can follow these directions. Enjoy!
"My daughter likes this twistz bandz kit. she shared this amazing product with her friends/classmates, and also spend times to create different patterns."
"This is a very creative way to have fun with the rubber band.
I am not the crafty, creative type, but Twistz Bandz kit comes the cool, strong plastic template, clear instructions, or go to the video on Youtube. I had created my first (with help) and I am loving it!
Excellent craft for kids and adult to do, great activity for the winter or party!
Strongly recommended."
thanks
Great Seller!! Shipping was fast and efficient as promised! The plastic holder is made cheaply and broke very easily
My 8 year old daughter saved up her money to buy this and loves it!
"my 5, 7 and 9 year old all love this!!"
Great product.
Great.  Thanks
This is not a fake! This is a great product! It comes with the link to a youtube channel so you can learn to do the different bracelet design. I %100 recommend this to kids or adults.
Hours of fun!! Great quality!!
My granddaughter is extremely satisfied. Loves the.any crafts.
i love it so much
The metal part of the hook started peeling after a month. I emailed rainbow loom and they said thats common. Offered no replacement.
Love rainbow loom a lot. Great product. Brother and I enjoy using them.
Immediately returned this item as it was not an authentic Rainbow Loom. Box arrived unsealed and seemed used. Hook was plastic and not metal. My kids already have a Rainbow Loom and wanted a second one to do expanded projects. The blue plastic pieces was discolored and seemed to be disintegrating as there was white dust in the loom at the connection point. We were very disappointed and now weary about purchasing a replacement Rainbow Loom on Amazon.
The kiddo likes it and that's all that matters.
Great product.
It was a gift for my granddaughter she seems to like it.
"Great set every kids needs, comes with practically everything to make things! Will do business again!"
My daughter had a great time using this loom to create bracelets. She was able to do it by herself with this loom.
great kit for the kids gives them something to do
love it
Impressed with quality
This was a great gift for my son who has fallen in love with looming! The looms great quality and band colors are beautiful.
Super fun!
Kids love it! Good gift specially for girls!
My 7 year old  grand daughter loves it.  She has made bracelets for all her class and her sisters class.  She went on You Tube for instructions on how to make them.  Instructions that came with the set only instructed using loom.  She wanted to do all with her fingers.
Great for starters.
My 8 year old daughter loves this.  Keeps her occupied for hours!
Bought these for my girls and they love them and they're easy to use.
Awesome gift for my daughter. She loves it and was making all sorts of things in minutes.
It's exactly what she wanted. Hours of entertainment at a  very reasonable price.
As described.  Fast delivery.  Was a gift.
My niece loved it. She hasn't had any issues with it. I will buy another soon.
Bought it for my granddaughter...she loves it!
Daughter loves it!
My niece loves this
"My son loves his new leatherman, he looks for reasons to use it. A beneficial side effect is that he's starting to wear a belt, finally."
Great kit!  My daughter loves it!
It works well and box for storage is great
Hours of fun with this loom. My granddaughter loves this!
"My 8yr old loves this and reading the reviews,  I see a lot of people are stressing the importance of going with the original Rainbow Loom because the bands on others could be toxic. I'm happy with this purchase!"
This is worth the few extra bucks! My older daughter has had many imposter looms and kits since they became all the rage a few years back and they break so easily. This loom and hook set is much higher quality!
So fun for my 10 yr old girl.
Nine year old granddaughter loved this. Is replacing another loom that had broken so hope this is more sturdy for her. She loves making the rubber band bracelets.
My daughter who is 7 loves this!
they loved it
It is a gift so haven't passed it on yet.
Great product.
"I was very happy when I got this, it's 100% original and it came with all the rubbers and supplies"
This is the third kit I have purchased. My grandkids love them!
Great product!! Love the fast shipping
Daughter loves it
Thanks
Great price for that much material
as expected
Kids love and enjoy this!
Loads of fun
"Purchased for my grandson for his birthday.  He loves it.  Keeps his ""very active mind"" active!!  Purchased another kit for hims."
My 8 year old loves this product.
exactly what I need and at a great price.
Great kit!
My lil sis loves rainbow looms so i got her this set :) she is excited to make some bracelets <3
My seven and nine-year-old daughters love this kit and found it easy to use all pieces.
Great buy for the price. My nephew was so excited for his gift. It came with everything listed.
My daughter loves it! Her family and friends are all sporting new bracelets and rings.
Poor quality would not buy again
Hi this is working really good I ordered this for my daughter and she loves itp
My daughter loved this loom kit.
It's great! My little sister loves it and uses it everyday
"Caught the Rainbow Loom on sale here on Amazon and decided to see what all the craze was about. I have 2 boys, so I didn't expect too much use out if it outside the initial curiosity. But my youngest has really taken to it and loves to make things in his down time."
"Good product, what I expected"
Daughter gets hours and hours of play out of these kits
awesome product love it and cheap
I bought this for my niece for a graduation gift and she Enjoys it so much
love it
kids love them
that was the start of my sons addiction of rainbow loom he loved it and it was a reasonable price.
Child is enjoying it!
My daughter has used this for years!
It's good but the instructions are not great
"Difficult to use for children.  Even a little difficult for me as an adult.  The bands are of different stretch so some go on easily, some pop off and some are impossible to get on the loom."
We got this for our daughter's 6 year birthday.  She has loved it.  We look up tutorials online to make all kinds of jewelry and they turn out great.
"Kinda complex, but the instructions make it easy to use. More of passing phase though."
Great purchase!  My daughter loved it!
I got this for a child who didn't know anything about this toy. Once they got it they played and played with it.
Great Product.  Lots of fun making lots of different jewelry.
"purchased this for my nieces, but it wasn't what they expected after looking at the website advertisement. I returned product."
perfect addition to our classroom
"Great product, my niece loved receiving this as a gift!"
Thank you!
"I have been doing this for 2 complete years on Christmas Day it is 3 years this is a true rainbow loom. He way I know is that the o and m over lap, their is writing on the big blue peice,and it has a warning for a sharp edge another place if you want more bands or a loom if they are sold out is [...]"
Easy to use & hard to break
so good and comes with every thing u need
"Challenging for little fingers, and hard for them to get beyond the easiest design without a lot of help from Dad and Grandma."
Ok
Very good quality.
gift
"poor quality, many of the plastic pegs broke off in the 1st week."
Daughter begged for this for Christmas!  She was so excited!!
Great set. Loads of fun for my grand daughter
"A huge hit with my 8 year old. Not so much of a hit for me. These will keep your child entertained for hours.  You on the other hand, will find yourself cleaning up endless amounts of itty bitty rubber bands. The loom was a bit pricey compared to knock off brands but it is a good loom. Once your childs Rainbow loom phase is over it will get lost in the back of the closet with a plethora of other trendy toys, only to be brought out when your child wants to torture you by making you clean up these nasty little rubber bands that you cannot escape. Also it does contain small pieces that come off which are just as bad as stepping on a Lego."
"I've been using my first loom of this brand since 2014 and it is still in perfect condition. The only reason I deducted one star is because the buyer should plan on having to spend another $5-$10 for a storage case (or two) if you plan on having the loom long-term. The loom bands and C-clips come in plastic bags that are not really made to hold them after opening the package. The cardboard box that the loom comes in is actually quite thick and sturdy, but didn't last us more than three months with heavy use. My preemie-born seven year-old was not quite dexterous enough at first, but she did much better at eight and is a master at nine. This is a great product lending hours of fun for most people over 7 or 8 (or younger if you have a dexterous and patient child; older if you have some developmental delay). Adults probably won't get a lot of use out of the end project results, but it is still fun to do, and a great way to spend time with kids! This particular brand is much better than the others I have tried (about 5 in all). This is the original brand that you can order from rainbowloomDOTcom. I have ordered this same kit from both the original site and amazon, and they are exactly the same. It is (usually) more expensive than the other brands and knock-offs for a good reason. The loom itself has nice C-shaped pegs with the cutout-hole in the middle for much easier weaving (especially for bigger fingers). The hook is awesome! The blue lid doubles as a mini weaver and the hook is made such that you can adjust the board by flipping the hook over and using its other end to easily pry off the blue backing pieces. (Trust me, this will make your loom life SO much easier.) The seller is excellent, the delivery is prompt, and everything came exactly as listed. Just be ready to fork over some extra dough for a place to store the loom, and the rubber bands & C-clips that come with it. :)"
Great
nice
"NOT the original, materials are flimsy and easily broken."
We love playing with these and making all kinds of stuff. We watch videos on YouTube and can make everything they watch. It's something we can do as a family as well!
"Perfect,,besides that one blakish mark on the side"
My daughter really liked it
Good product
works as expected !!
It was a gift and she likes it.
Fun
brother loves it!
My girl is happy with it!
THANK YOU
I am still not happy with this latest version of TurboTax. I am still having a problem loading my last year's info onto Turbo Tax 2015 . It's on the c drive of my computer but not coming forward. I will have to contact Turbo Tax for a resolution to the problem because I really don't want to input all of that info again
"I had no issue with this Rainbow Loom.  It was quite economical, which was fine with me considering that I knew Rainbow Loom was just a school-wide fad and would eventually disappear.  Since I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a temporary fad, this did the job just fine.  Within 6 months or less, kids moved on to playing with other things as I predicted, and I donated my child's Rainbow Loom kit.  Do keep in mind that rubber bands of any sort will eventually start to wear thin, melt with the heat, or upon frequent contact with water, no matter which brand of Rainbow Loom you decide to invest on.  I don't see the point to spending 2-3 times more money on a fancier kit."
"I bought this for my little sister and it contained fake content so, I brought another one from Micheal's craft store, made a couple of bracelets with both packages and you really couldn't tell the difference."
Kids love these! Decent product! Arrived when they said it would.
Dad has done more Than daughter...
"My ""tween"" niece loves this loom. She even found other things she could make besides bracelets!"
Daughter loved it!
"My 9-year-old daughter loved this Christmas gift -- she's spent hours making bracelets, rings and even a head band.  This item only came with instructions for making a couple things, but You Tube has videos for lots of fun options."
Great for the little one that loves crafts.  This one stands out among the multitude.
Meh - not impressed
"People do not buy this from this person , because this is a fake rainbow loom. You can tell that because the M and the o are overlapping, and on the authentic one the m and the o DO NOT OVERLAP WITH EACH OTHER!"
Nice set for young girls.
i love it
Great value and price!
Great product!
Great
Came super late for Christmas from China.  Saw a news review that this is a knock off item and is potentially toxic to children.  Trashed it.
daughter loved her gift
Great
brilliant product
very nice!!! thank you :)
These bands are super! Such a variety of colors. A great buy!!
Worked out well
Grandboys love this!
granddaughter loved it
Great granddaughter loves making bracelets
"Daughter loves it, what more can I say?"
My nephew loved this item!
Kind of tricky and never really got used. Can be done without the loom and that is how my daughter made all her bands.
My sister loved it!
Awesome
great
Excellent!
really good
All excellent and fast and very good quality
Fun
"Excellent product, good quality."
she has had a lot of fun with this!
great
Excellent game and tool to keep children creative and produce beautiful souvenirs and gifts as they have fun. Quality is very good.
Christmas gift for my 11 yr old. This was a favorite!
Great product has great features and inspires a lot of creativity.
ok
great
Great fun for kids and adults.
Good
Very satisfied!
"It was a donation gift, I hope it was well received."
"i have bought at least 6 of these, my grand dau love these and the boys get into it also"
Just what we expected though the loom isn't very durable
my niece loves these things. but they can make a mess if not kept stored!!
Cheaper then in stores. It is a great gift. Makes making bracelets more fun.
I had fun with it but I ran out of rubber bands and it was boring
My daughter loves it!
My daughter  enjoyed  it.
nice
My kids love it
great product.
kids like them
"My 8 year old son loved this product for a few months. He hasn't touched it for a while!  But it is definitely something I think he'll go back to every now and then to try something a little harder, the older he gets."
great gift
great product!!!
"Ordered this as a gift. The set is nicely put together. Bands are bright and cheery. Instructions were very easy for a child to understand. The end result was hours of fun, accomplishments and cool bracelets to wear & give away to friends.. Great price. Great product. Quick shipping."
Great for the kids.
Excellent
Bought for my daughter who got into all this craft stuff after watching something on YouTube.  Now it is in a box with a bunch of other craft junk.  I guess it worked.... dunno.
Found out it wasn't the real thing.  I suggest getting it at your local craft store.
My kids friend love it.
"Best purchase yet. Purchased lesser quality looms and exactly what they say ""You get what you pay for"". Do yourself a favor and buy this rainbow loom as it has far outlasted all others!"
AWESOME product
"Bought as a gift, worked out perfectly!"
kids love it
This was a gift my daughters friend was so excited when she received it. It's exactly what I wanted
GREAT THANKS
This one is a counterfeit. After a year of using this and the bands keept breaking my daughter finally looked up to see if this was a common problem with Rainbow Loom. Turns out it is fake. She went on the rainbowloom.com and found out to see if it was counterfeit. This one ended up in the trash.
Loved by my daughter!
It WASN'T the real rainbow loom 
This is my daughter's favorite loom. It doesn't fall apart easily. You can remove the rows off the loom and move them around without it breaking. Bandaloom fell apart in a month. Ten pegs fell off it when she dropped it. Buy a Rainbow Loom.
Grandchildren seemed to love.
difficult
Thanks
The kids loved them and all the things they could do with them.. Hours of fum
LOVED IT
it was a gift
My daughter was so excited to receive her loom and so quickly!
"Why do kids want these things and then never play with them?
a bit more dexterity required than the average 10 year old has."
excellent Item
Good quality great price.
great!
Good quality loom for making rubber band bracelets.  Fast shipping as well.
SUPER GREAT LOVE IT!
ok
great quality
My 11-yr-old niece loved this! She had a lot of fun making bracelets for family and friends.
Fun and easy to use!  Made well.
great
Nice loom
Kids love it
excellent!
very good
Perfect!
great
I didn't know there was a difference between this loom and the crazy loom but there is. My daughter has been entertained for hours and making all kinds of new designs.
EXELENTE
Good quality loom.  Kids love it.
Broke with in a dozen times of use.
my daughter loves it and came with everything!
Great!
Item came as described.
love my loom my five year old brother looms to i got my loom when i was 7 that year half of my class loomed the loom comes with a mini loom a loom and rubber bands and a hook
bought two of these. worth it
Lots of fun f8r kids.
Great! My kids haven't stopped using it.
It was a good gift for a good deal for an 11 year old
This is my first time that I will buy only but when I bought the twist rainbow band was so wonderful but I hope that I will buy again
Daughter really enjoys this!
So much fun for kids to make things with....you can make more then just bracelets.
Nice
SWEETNESS
"I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas a year ago. (Sorry for the delay). She is still using it. It was one of my better purchases. The electronic stuff is gone, but this lives on. She is making more than bracelets now."
"The pegs were placed wrong making it unusable. Bummer, my daughter was disappointed with this Christmas present!"
"My girls enjoy making these looms, great price and quick delivery."
This was a gift to a granddaughter (age 7).  She's declared her undying love :)
Bought one for each of my grandsons- they asked for it for Christmas. Apparently it is all the rage in grammer school! They both love it! (ages 10 and 5).
Love this starter kit.  Made some beautiful loom bands with them.
I brought this product 6 months ago for my daughter. She is 8 years old. She told me this rainbow is not real one recently. She found out some fact identifications through YouTube. That is way the couple knots and hook were broken right after couple time uses. Warning for all the loom lovers. Don't buy this one.
Daughter loved them
"Item delivered on time, was as described."
The Rainbow Loom was exactly what my grandson wanted and has been used frequently.
This loom has given my daughter literally hours of fun.  I have never seen her sit down with a craft like she has with the Bandz Loom.
satisfied
Good for a gift
great product and quantity for the price
"According to my 9 year old, this is the best rubber band loom out there.  She loves it and spends time every day making bracelets and other fun things.  Very well constructed and there are a ton of online instruction videos."
Love it!!! And the loom is great quality!
big hit with the grandchild
My cousin absolutely adored it. She's really big into rainbow looms and making the bracelets. I'd say this makes a great gift for pre-teens and those who enjoy making the bracelets.
"Loved this, my daughter loves it.  It's ease of use is great.  Try this don't be fooled by the knockoffs!!!! This was worth every cents, and the dad points were great."
"My 10 year old girl goes banana's over these things.  We have used some of the other brands, Twistz has a better product so far."
"OK for our mentally challenged granddaughter..Keeps her busy,"
Knock off. Not a real rainbow loom. The base broke within days.
Fun toy.
"With the Loom craze, it was bound to happen...I brought this for the kids and they loved it. The product is well made and the only defect is the needle(?) kit that came with it; while it is built sturdy, it's no match for a little girl using too much strength. Everything else is still working wonderfully."
great
Product was just as I ordered it! LOve it!!!
nice
I've learned so much!
Item arrived promptly and as promised.
Would order again
good
"My kiddos loves this, still uses it. Fun for kids."
loved it
lots of fun
I gave this as a gift and I think the receiver is enjoying it.
product arrived on time and was as expected. thank you
G'daughter has 4 of these now and always in the middle of new mix of colors for crafts.
Fake not the real rainbowloom.
It was perfect
AWESOME.
"It was for my granddaughter & she loved it. Easy to use. Additional online assistance. The real thing, not an imitation. Has held up to a lot of use."
good
My daughter loves it!
The kids love this.  Would be better though if there were instructions as to how to make different kinds of bracelets.
it's great
Wonderful. Easy for six yr old.
"My daughter loves this! I got this for her for Christmas,it came so fast,that I was able to give it to her for her half Birthday instead! That way she can use it to make things as gifts for her family & friends for the holiday! : )"
kids loved it!
Works well.
What I expected.
ok
Was not the original one and broke after my grandson tried using it a couple of times.  Had to go to a local store and buy the original one.
"I am not sure whether this is the authentic Rainbow loom. All in the package says so, but since my girl was so excited about this I purchased in a store (not online) another one so she would be able to make wider items. The new one looks more sturdy, more resistant and has a different quality than this one. it works OK but the first week the hook broke while working in the appropriate way (I mean there was no misuse). We did not requested a replacement as a defective material because we live outside the US and having shipped it to the US would have been more expensive than buying a new one, so we purchased a new hook. Working with booth items at the same time, the one purchased at a local store works better than this one."
just as I hoped
Excellent attention and excellent product.. Thank you
Good
My daughter loved them
I only know that these were very popular when I purchased them.  My niece LOVED it!!!
This was a great gift for my Granddaughter.  She loves it and has been making stuff every since she got it last Christmas.
I got this for the kids last year for Christmas and they are always making bracelets and things for us.  So it's a hit to them.
OK
Great idea for kids!
great price and quality
Another purchase for a grand child that was loved and is used all the time.
Bought for my 7 year old cousin. She loves it. It was last year's Xmas present for her.
Excellent gifts
"My daughter loved it!

~Neva Squires Rodriguez- Author of The Liliana Series

Read ""Liliana"" a Contemporary Suspense-Filled Romance that will send you on an emotional overload!

Coming Soon:
Two phenomonel Christmas Stories with Co Author Tamara Philip (author of The Trouble With Playing Cupid), Title yet to be relased.  Check my Author page around Thanksgiving for more info."
Bought 3 and all three loved them.
"I had read other reviews that said that they got fakes, but I got a real one. It is a good, sturdy, plastic loom with no sharp or ragged edges."
Hours of entertainment for kids.
good
fun but not so easy for little ones
This is a perfectly acceptable educational toy. I'm sure my granddaughter will enjoy this Christmas gift. And will make herself and her friends many lovely bracelets
looks like the fake one
My boys were hooked with this!!  They loved it!!
As expected.
Bought it to keep up with the kids I nanny. I like it better than the knock off ones.
"Loved this so much we bought two so we could do bigger projects and so we could have more of them around the house in case two people wanted to do them. The only issue we have had is that the hook will break after awhile if you are doing projects with lots of bands on one peg. I really like the hook though because it has a large end for you to hold, unlike a crochet needle (which is what we eventually went to for those projects with multiple bands), the crochet needle is typically skinny the entire length of the needle, which can fatigue your hand. I prefer the one that comes with the rainbow loom."
My friends daughter loved this set.  She made lots of really cool bracelets
Got this last year. It gets the job done but is definitely a knockoff.
Best buy cheaper then the store and daughter says its easy to use and make stuff all the time! Came in timely
Bought for my granddaughter and she loves them
Great product!
My granddaughter loved it she started making bracelets right off
These were bought as a supplement for the Rainbow Loom kit.  That kit hardly comes with anything and this was a nice gift to be able to wrap up with the loom at a reasonable price.
kids loved it.
Delivered as promised!
perfect
Must have for kids of any age.  Kept my kids (8 & 10 years) busy for hours!
"My granddaughters are still making bracelets . they love  it , that's enough for me"
Hours of fun for my 9 year old.  Hours.
good
Used quickly and was great fun.
Excellent.
The kids loved this and kept them busy for hours.
works great :)
excellent
"My son doesn't use it, they do them by hand, he said it was impractical at 12 years old"
Perfect daughter loved them.
"gift for a 6 year old, she loves it."
fun
"My daughter is well pleased with this, it seems well made and hopefully last a long time."
Official.
"love it, a little bit expensive for what you get thought."
Buy it for the little people in your life...just so much fun....You will be the favorite granny....
This was part of a gift for my eight year old grandson and he loved it!
muy buen producto
This loom can be given to children or seniors. There are many people in hospitals who love to receive these non irritating bracelets. Try it for your organizations.
the kids played with this for hours on end
"Great product my daughter loves it, she just doesnt stop making bracelets"
Good addition to my sons collection couldn't find in stores on online
My daughter has lot of fun with this.
Grand son loves it
Great price easy to use. Kept my daughter busy for hours!
Great service and very pleased.
Great Product
granddaughter loves it!
Bought for my granddaughters who enjoy making the bracelets.
"Purchased this for my daughter (b/c it was apparently the ""IN"" thing to have"" .  However, upon receiving the loom, we noticed that it was poorly made - the plastic was lightweight, brittle and sharp at the edges.  In addition, all the instructions were written in broken English. Obviously a counterfeit knockoff.... Sad but true. Two stars b/c we did at least properly donate it to the boys and girls club."
It was a gift for my niece.
granddaughter loved them
Got this for my ten yr old granddaughter.  It is not the easiest thing to learn and use.  Very hard to get the items off the loom.  Would not buy again.
excelente producto
"hot item!
most children's favorite
My Block Seoul"
"Arrived on time.
Loved the product"
Great product
kids are crazy about these for some reason ill never understand. but good gift.
When I got it the peg wus broken but it  werked
worked great
EXCELLENT !!
great.
Daughter loved it
"Great fun and creative adventures for kids. My ten year old and all her friends are really into these, Would recommend."
Excellent product
"Everytime my grandson comes over, he quickly goes to his Rainbow Loom to make more bracelets.  He tells me it is his favorite gift."
too difficult to use
Perfect product.  My niece loved it! It shipped quickly and came in bubble wrap!
Great product. Definitely a good buy.
My daughter loves it. Thanks.
just what I wanted
my daughter like it never complain about it. fast shipping.
My niece loves it!  Great product! Thanks!
This was perfect.
Fine
Buenisimo
The pegs are sharp.  Ended up donating it away.  We bought the Sun Shine loop and never look back.
Uncle of the year goes to me.
Got everything as described and promptly.  THANK YOU AND WILL BUY AGAIN!!!!
LOVE THIS LOOM
Cheap and crappy
Product meet our expectations
"Good and as advertised

What more can I say?"
new best condition!!!
Highly Recommend! Fast delivery! Exactly as described!
good
As expected.
was a fake loom and sent back
My niece and nephew like making bracelets.
The one we got has a pink holder instead of the blue one shown in the picture. Also the hook is a very tiny one. The loom and the hook were easily broken. I really suspect it is a faked one from this seller Lucky Lou's.
Kids love it.
This is a Rainbow Loom. My 6-year-old son and I both enjoy the Mini Loom - very simple!
"I came up with this awesome design that makes little flowers!  Yes, I'm a man.  I have no shame and no regrets."
Fantastic very simple to use extremely child friendly
"I love this product! I think it's a great trend, specially in this high tech society."
All time fave!
I purchased this for my grandsons for Christmas and they love it.  I am now the proud owner of a number of bracelets.  They have really enjoyed making different designs and colors
Fun
"This is the real deal.  Complete with bands that don't break with the least bit of pressure, a metal hook that doesn't bend when you are dealing with multi levels of bands and the original loom that won't scratch or break.
You can buy a loom kit for less but it won't last."
Child loves it
Great product! My daughter loves it!
Seemed to meet the need of an 8 year old.
It's the authentic stuff.  Bought 2 more to give away.
gift was very much appreciated
All of my young grandchildren have been very creative with the Rainbow Loom!
Daughter loves it.
beware of counterfeits but they work just fine :3 at least for me. Anyway great product as always! fun toy!
This a wonderful tool for young teens and tweens wanting to make bracelets. I recommend it.
lindo
"This was hard to find! There are alot of imitations out there, but this is the real thing! My grandson loves it!"
"Fantastic product, great quality!"
he never uses it anymore but its a good product. I've made a few bracelets and its easy to do. The directions are crap though - they can hardly be considered in English. Hit up a YouTube video if you want useful directions on how to do different knots.
Thought this was gonna be just a gift for our daughter. My wife has now got into it and we have bought more accessory items. Good family fun
As advertised great deal delivery was good.
Arrived right on time. Exactly as advertised...
Fun
The one we got was counterfeit.
I bought it  for a Birthday present. I think she will love it.
My niece loves them
My daughter loves it. Spent hours looking up YouTube videos learning to make different things.
My grandson loved it!
Very good quality.
"excellent product, I really like"
"Great Packing, Good Shipping time. All as expected."
"We had another more generic loom, and it broke. A friend of ours had the same one; hers broke, too. The rainbow loom, as much as I don't want to admit it, is worth the extra money. It's sturdier than other looms and is reinforced better on the bottom. I won't be buying generic again."
Arrived in good shape. Exactly as expected. The kiddo I bought it for loved it.
daughter has been making bracelets for everyone thank you
"My grandson was introduced to this loom at a friend's house and was hooked! He couldn't wait to get his own and once it arrived, he was a bracelet making machine. I purchased extra loops and his little brother helped organize them in a case I bought for storage. The loom seems sturdy as does the hook. It comes with instructions, but he learned more patterns from Utube."
Perfect gift for little girls starting to make jewelry
Good price!!!
Great gift for little girls. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a cool gift for a friend or your child.
9 year old loves it
Excelente gracias
"Tons of fun, grand kids love it not just the  girls, money well spent!!!"
This is the original model by rainbow loom company. This includes a good number of bands for starters and intermediate loomers. It comes with a great hook for the loom. This loom will not break with heavy use.  I have bought other brands but this is the best. I would recommend this loom for all ages.
"I had purchased a different loom set from Wal-mart and found there were lots of bracelets I couldn't make because of the design of it. I decided to buy this one after doing my research and I love it, even as an adult. I broke a pin bar and ordered a new one from their website. This is the genuine Rainbow Loom."
"Purchased for a 10 year old...she is VERY happy!! Directions are clear, bands appear decent, but it is amazing how many you will use for one bracelet so get another pack of bands to go along with it if its a gift."
My daughter loves this
"My daughter loved it. Amazon had a great price, so I loved it too ;-)"
Daughter loves it!
"This set is the real deal,  My 11 year old was much happier with this than other knock off sets we have."
;)
She loved it
This was an extra to have on hand when I have company as doing this craft is like a thousand piece puzzle. You start and soon you are joined with watchers who want to loom also. Makes it easy to protect my project when I hand them a few books of direction and a loom of their own. I also keep many extra colors of bands handy.
love this!!
My daughter LOVES this loom and uses it constantly.
its great
"great product. soooo many rubber bands, it was worth the money"
kids love it
"This was alright, purchased it for my younger sister, she quickly got bored with it. These are a fun fad for kids, but the rubber bands can cause a mess, and it is difficult for anyone with larger hands."
"""I love this also."" - Olive age 5"
Works really good -jimena
My son likes it a lot.
The original Rainbow Loom !!!!!!!!!! Dont but knock offs !!!!!
This is by far the best quality loom out there! Don't wast your money on the off brands. You won't be happy with them.
"I purchase 3 different Loom, one of them is this and it is very helpful."
great price & product
Great little kit.  My granddaughter loves it.
Great quality!
Love it.
"My kid loves the rainbow loom monster. This is cooler than the regular ones, she says. (11 years old) Mainly, because they can make the bracelets as long as they want."
Good value
Great!
"The new owner loves this thing, spends many hours ""working"" with it. Great gift for tween!"
Gave as gifts
"My girls 5, 7, and 10 can't get enough!"
"Very complicate for younger grade school kids and adults without experience. Probably perfect for older grade school and middle school. We're having to go to YouTube to watch videos because the printed directions don't make any sense.

Very durable and worth the extra money for the quality."
"It's a great toy, at first...

  I bought this for my son a couple months ago. He could not let it go. The loom was sturdy since my kids would always fight for it and play tug a war with it. I had heard complaints about the hook, but I never encountered a problem. But I bought some crochet hooks and they actually work much better than the hooks.

After about a month of playing with the toy, trying absurd bracelets, my son let it go. He never played with it again. It's now in the back of a box gathering dust."
"Arrived on time, kids really like it."
"One of the best gifts our granddaughter has ever received. She went from watching YouTube  ""how to"" videos to creating her own ideas in a short while. She has blessed mom, dad, brothers, sister, grandparents and friends with her creations. It was purchased in December and is still going strong after lots of use. I recommend the original Rainbow Loom because of that and the fact that someone gave them a knock-off and quickly it started to come apart. I'm still wearing my six bracelets and everyone immediately knows how I got it! LOL"
Great product and service
hours of fun for my girls!
my niece loved it!
Nice craft for the kids.  Just be prepared to find little loops all over the house.
"I can't keep my distance away from it
very addicting & fun"
"It  been my  daughter  best  distraction for  a while , she even  learned more  in  internet .
I thing t it  a  good  toy  to  have  , beside  they develop  the  stetic and  artistic part
I do no give  the  5 stars  because  the  hook  broke  easily  ...bu not  big  deal with any  crochet  hook  will  work even better"
Purchased this for my 11 year old niece. She and her 9 year old sister love it!
"My kids were so excited to get this, but they actually hardly use it all. The instructions were confusing and you basically have to go to youtube to figure out how to use it. My kids just weave the rubber bands on their fingers and have almost forgotten about the loom!"
"These are great entertainment for all ages! My boyfriends son was taught at day care, and let me tell you they are house of fun. We even got into it!!"
Great kids present!
Purchased as a gift and kept the granddaughters happy and busy over a holiday get together.
"awesome price for "" the original "" rainbow loom starter pack.
very fast shipping to belgium.
best loom board and loom hook on the market"
it worked perfectly!!!
I got
The one I received was a knock-off. Check the official Rainbow Loom site to see how to tell if yours is a real one.
A perfect transaction with no hitches.  Product is perfect too!
Perfect
Well made and hours of fun!
The Rainbow Loom is a great hobby craft for boys and girls.  Hours of fun!  My grandsons love it.
The rainbow loom was a gift for my grandchild and it certainly was a useful and wise gift to give!! Product arrived quickly and I was very pleased!
Great!
Great price for an excellent product. It serves the exact purpose for which it was purchased. I would buy it again from this seller and have already recommended it to others.
Grand daughter was happy with it.
"I bought it for my grandaughter, she loved it!!!!"
"Like spools with nails some of us learned to knit on as kids, the Rainbow Loom can be used to fashion jewlery and lots of other things.  My daughter spends hours creating with this.  The only thing we discovered is that a very thin metal crochet hook works much better than the plastic one provided.  You may want to invest in one for a couple dollars.  With some of the intricate designs you can make with this, the plastic hook tends to easily break.  Otherwise, the kids love this loom.  It is the original, not the clone."
This was not authentic. This was a counterfiet product. nothing was authentic. Broke just pulling out of the box. ----BUYER BEWARE---
Excellent
This is exactly what my kids were asking for. They play with this constantly and create all kinds of rubberband items.
"We were all taking turn using the looms (2) we had, needed 2 more to cover everyone, now I need one more (not right now)."
"I guess if you like making things with rubber bands,this fits the bill.  Entertaining for the girls and good clean fun. Delivered quickly.  Good product"
I bought this for my youngest nephew's birthday & he began playing with it immediately. He used to enjoy playing with his best friend's set. It may take him some time to fully get the hang of it! But he loves it & that is what matters!
My daughter loves these things. She spends hours making stuff with them I purchased the metal hook to go along with the Rainbow kit because the plastic one's they come with will eventually break. The product was promptly shipped and arrived in the time specified. It was a birthday gift. My daughter and I are very pleased with the items. They are a great crafting item for children. The product seems to be well made.
My daughter loves these things. She spends hours making stuff with them  I purchased the metal hook to go along with the Rainbow kit because the plastic one's they come with will eventually break.  The product was promptly shipped and arrived in the time specified.  It was a birthday gift.  My daughter and I are  very pleased with the items.  They are a great crafting item for children.  The product seems to be well made.
Very good quality. My daughter loves it and has been using it none stop. Def got our moneys worth. Thanks
Have a great time making things. I made many bracelets charms characters. Kids will enjoy. I would Recommend to anyone. Great
"this is NOT a real rainbow loom, it's a fake and its crap, broke right away do not buy, waste of money."
"Great product, my daughter loves to make loom creations on here. Price was okay, fast shipper. Hours of fun for my daughter."
My granddaughter is having a blast and just in time for summer!  By the end if June everyone will be wearing a bracelet made by her.
"We bought a knock off brand at WM.  These clips are so much better as is the hooks, and the loom itself.  A few dollars more, and far better quality.  The kids have sooo much fun with these. Keeps them busy for hours.  Boys like it too.  Kids are all wearing these necklaces.  (not exactly pretty, but they think they are.)"
this is a counterfeit rainbow loom don't buy!! save yo money plz don't buy its toxic smell it and smells bad and pegs are sharp a cutting hazard
"This is such a fantastic item for boys and girls! My boys love that I can make them different bracelets that look ""boyish"" compared to earlier bracelet designs. There are hundreds (if not thousands) of items you can make beyond bracelets on the Rainbow Loom. We haven't had any problems with our loom nor the extra bands that we received. Some of the bands are a bit thinner and/or thicker than others so we have to sort them out for certain projects. Can't wait to make more projects!!

*Note* I received a free loom and mega refill kit to facilitate my review. This did NOT impact the outcome of the review as all reviews are based on our experience."
"Bought last fall when these looms could not be found in stores, fast shipping & very happy 7 year old."
this is a really awsome and cool product and thank yoy Choon for making this product its wonderful and now i make lots and lots of bracelets for my family and friends thanks!
"My 9 year old had to have one of these for Christmas. So I dropped the cash on it, just knowing it was going to sit in the closet collecting dust. She loved it and has made hundreds of bracelets with it. Easy enough, for younger kids too. My 5 year old got the hang of it quickly and has made a few of the basic ones."
"My grand daughter, along with most of her friends spend hours with their looms making all sorts of items to trade and for gifts. Allows her to be creative and hone her coordination and concentration skills. also great for party activities."
"The Rainbow Loom is great fun for me and my 7 year old daughter. When she got it, I was not sure if she would be able to figure it out. I started a standard bracelet and worked with her a little. Soon she figured it out and could not put it down. We both made a few mistakes here and there, which gave us first hand knowledge on how the bands intertwine and hold together. Now it is easy and her goal is to choose the best colors to make pretty designs. I do help her to remove the bands from the loom once weaving is complete. Completing the link is the hardest part for her.

This is great ""smart"" fun for those with a little patience and curiosity."
"This kept my 10 year old granddaughter entertained and challenged for hours. Using my ipad for instructions on more complicated patterns, she conquered things she said she ""couldn't"" do! ...all without adult help"
Great gift for our 14 year old grand daughter.  She was so excited and couldn't wait to begin her own creations.
"She is 7 and is having a blast.  It's great that it comes apart and can be reconfigured for different designs.  This was the key reason we chose Rainbow Loom.  We have another brand, but you can only do 3 things on it."
"Exactly what I expected. Very nice product.

We loved the product and are already using a lot. Thank you very much"
"Get for all ages.
Safe and easy
Kids love playing with these at parties
A great gift for little girls"
"Only snafu is it makes bracelets that are a bit short. Girls really need two looms to make bracelets the length their
little wrists require."
"2 days after receiving this the hook broke. After that, the actual loom broke. Then we find out this is not even the real rainbow loom. Would not buy again."
The Rainbow Loom is a way to have a 'GREAT NEW HOBBY'! There is so many fun things to make!
we loved it!!!!!!would.definitley buy again.....it was package very well....came.quickley was as promised.....my child.loved it.....very well priced....needs to be advertised more....
"These looms were in hot demand in the local stores when I tried to find this specific loom, so I ordered it and several types and colors of the refill bands for her and her siblings to use.  (Yes, even the boys are into this around here.)  She has had it for some time now and it hasn't broken-which for me is a big plus.  Other parents and grandparents have told me that some other looms they had purchased quickly broke, but this one is still intact and is used A LOT.  Although this is probably a passing thing, I have noticed that the technique has improved their fine motor skills.  And since they enjoy making the projects, all of us in the family are being blessed with more bracelets, rings, etc. than we could have ever imagined."
This is called a rainbow loom. A rain bow loom is pictured. What I received was not a rainbow loom but a knock off with sharp edges. Don't waist your time with this.
I bought this kit for my niece and she loves it.  She ran out of bands quickly and make bracelets for family and friends.  It is a great hobby for her and gives her a great sense of accomplishment.
"Kids love it, so many different things to make. Rings, bracelets, headbands... Keep them busy on a rainy day! Taking it on vacation!"
My grand daughter loves the loom.  She's been busy making rubber-band bracelets and selling them to her classmates.  She's having fun making different designs from the loom directions and directions she finds online.  She spends hours using this loom
"My kids made bracelets and charms nonstop for weeks.  A few bands came broken right out of the box, but not enough to send the item back."
"My daughter never gets tired of this. Buy the original, this one. Is study and works perfectly a difference of the imitations"
Sent this to my Grand - Daughter in America and she was over the moon its a fun toy delivery was fine so was the price;-)
Granddaughter was very happy and pleased with it.  Now she needs more rubber bands which  I will be ordering soon.
"A bit pricey, but when I have tried to buy the cheaper ones, they just break.  So I guess it's a good investment.  Plus you can attach more than one together, where the cheap ones you can't."
The grandkids love it; It's fun for them and not that difficult to do. Challenging creativity as well. Good buy!
"This is a good product, my kids and I can't stop playing with it! It's very entertaining. I strongly recommend!"
"I am a ten year old and I think that this is a very good product, because it can keep you busy for a long time. But my only wishes is that they should have put more rubber bands, and that the hook is more durable. I recommend this product to kids that are over 8 years old. I recommend this highly."
"I surprised my daughter with the loom because it was such a low price and all of her friends had been playing with them.  She absolutely loves it and my birthday, Valentine's Day and Mother's Day presents this year have all be home made loom products!  She has taken to watching tutorials on youtube to learn different weaving techniques as well.  So far, this loom has held up to her constant use of the item.  The bands it came with were sturdy.  This is a wonderful starter loom set."
"I bought this ""Rainbow Loom"" a couple months ago, thinking I could trust Amazon to sell me a genuine product.  It is NOT A RAINBOW LOOM.  IT IS A FAKE!!!!!  If you go on the rainbowloom.com website, you will see detailed information about counterfeit loom dangers.  The loom I bought had a pin broken off of it and a sharp edge where the break was.  I bought a genuine loom from the rainbowloom.com website, and the quality is VERY noticeable.  PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!  Buy the real one from the website or from Michael's.  It's the same price as this fake one."
Bought this loom for my 9 year old daughter and she loves it.  She has made a lot of designs and patterns .  It shipped quickly and the price was good.  I have recommended this to friends.
"My sister in law sent this for my 6 year old and she loves it. It makes lovely bracelets, if you can figure out to to create them. The directions seem simple enough, but I still have trouble getting the hang of actually getting it into a bracelet. My husband has it down, and my kids love it. The accessories are great and the band colors awesome. Great gift!"
"For the price this loom is not worth your money! for just about 5-10$ dollars more you could go too Hobby Lobby and get a nicely made one that is worth the trip. I got this for my little sister for Christmas, and even though she loved it, i on the other hand was dissapionted with the cheap cardboard packaging and the cheap plastic loom that could easily be passed off at the dollar store.
don't waste your time or money."
This was a purchase for my children. Now the cubscout den kids are making bracelets and wearable art for everyone they know.
The only problem i have with it is that i always think im going to break it. Havent yet though
"Rainbow loom is an awesome machine you can work with to do rubber band bracelets. You can do all sorts of thing like rings, headbands, and bracelets."
This product was sent on time and worked perfectly. It was cheaper then shown at stores and worked just as good.
I love rainbow loom so much bd am like addicted to it!! It keeps me very well entertained and I just live it!! Such a great invention!!
"My eleven year old granddaughter loved it and she made one for her 13 year old brother too.  They both were wearing them when
they Skyped me at their home in Singapore.  Thank you."
We have purchased several other looms and none of them have lasted. My daughter is 9 and loves to make things on the loom. She complains that the others are flimsy plastic and break too easily. This one is the best and she loves it!
This was a Christmas give and was a huge hit.  The kids were excited to play with it.  Great fun for all.
"I bought this for my 9 year old, but it was my 13 year old boy and I who went INSANE for it.  We made 6 bracelets the first night, and he went straight from the simplest design to the most complex one he could find on YouTube.

What's great is that he's a kid who used to love Legos, but now is mainly into videogames.  But he couldn't tear himself away from the Rainbow Loom last night and even admitted to me that he could have spent hours more doing it!  I feel the same way :-)

Just make sure you're buying the real one.  We actually got ours from Michael's as it was a bit cheaper than Amazon in this case (unusual!)."
The Loom Itself Broke Right Away. Not Happy About That:) I Don't Like Throwing Money Down TheDrain. Not Cool. Bummer
"It was not a true Rainbow Loom, parts did not fit together.  Very disappointing as it was a gift to a child."
"This review pertains to a Rainbow Loom fulfilled by Amazon:  As a rule I do not write reviews, but I have made an exception because the Rainbow Loom that I purchased was a fake. I purchased my Rainbow Loom back in Dec. 2013, it wasn't until today when I was looking for a second loom that I discovered that there is a huge market of counterfeit Rainbow Looms. When I checked the Rainbow Loom I already had, it turned out to be a fake, as well did the hook and the mini loom.  The only authentic Rainbow Loom product in my kit are the instructions. If you want a authentic Rainbow Loom the only way you are guaranteed to get one is to purchase on straight from the company that makes them. You can't even trust Amazon on these. Please note that I purchased my loom from DealZone, BUT Amazon fulfilled the order."
Granddaughter absolutely loved it.  She had been sick with the flu and gave it to her as a birthday gift. She smiled real big then went straight to her room and got busy.  5 stars
"Its a great product for girls 9 years and up , my girl did a lot of bracelate to her friend and easy to use"
We now have 4 of these in our house.  It keeps my kids busy for hours.  They love all the different bracelets they can make.
It's a lot cheaper than an hour of therapy !!! LOL. Great to spend some quality indoor's time with your children.
I bought an off brand loom and it arrived broken and missing pieces. instead of getting a replacement for it I just sucked it up and ordered the real deal. The plastic is high quality and the construction is just....better.
"My daughter loves this set, it is very good quality, some of my friends purchased different brands and  not nearly as nice"
"I offered the games to my son 8yo and my daughter 12yo, and they really enjoyed it. THey spent hours doing something else than watching TV and playing with iPad."
This item is counterfeit.  NO NOT PURCHASE.  It broke easily and contained sharp edges.  I will be buying a real Rainbow Room from an authorized dealer.
"The best loom ever, I started loomy last October and it keep me relax and busy when I don't work,"
This kit is great for the loomers out there my daughter loves it and spends hours a day working on her loom.
My daughter was super excited to get this and couldn't wait to get home and open it up and start making bracelets right away.  We made 3 the first day and i couldn't have been happier with the purchase
"I love the loom, took a little bit to figure out, but my 10 year old daughter stays busy for hours making different things.  Love it!"
I'm having a lot of fun with the loom! I've found it to be very sturdy and easy to handle and move the rows around. My kids love what I've made them!
The plastic tool broke in no time and we had to replace it with a similar one found at Michael's. A metal tool would be more resistant for that type of work.
"Kids ages 6 and 10 really enjoy making bracelets. Lots of different colors. Very Satisfied Customer!!
and fast arrival too."
I bought this item for my 13 year old to use over her Easter Holiday and I have no regrets.  It kept her and her friends (younger and older) occupied and off the internet for a few hours.  Made quite a lot of bracelets.  I would recommend buying an extra bag of elastics for continued use.
I bought this for my kids. They just love it. It was the exact product as advertised on tv although I went to the official site and it was $1 cheaper.
Bought this from my daughter and have not heard any complaints!!! Seems to hold up well and came with some decent bands
This is the real deal.  I have purchased the cheaper visions and you get what you pay for.  Wish I had not wasted my money on the others.
The loom and bands were much sturdier than others. My kid like this one much better than the others she has.
"Its what my granddaughter wanted and she is very happy with it, with her being happy then I am very satisfied."
"I'm old and a crafty kind of guy. I read an online article about 'what do you say to a 26-year-old who uses a rainbow loom?' HUH? I had never heard of one. Looked them up on Amazon (where else, pray?). I parted company with a few bucks and ordered one, just to see. It's an interesting little loom for making costume 'jewelry' using colored elastic bans. Not enough to hold my interest for more than 10 minutes, but at least now I know what one is. I gave it for a friend, to pass on to her grand daughter, who loves it. The little girl responded with a thank you note and a little bracelet she had made! That was nice."
"My kids have already busted a few of these. It's a shame that they don't offer a model that is more durable for twice the cost; because I would buy that for sure.  The plastic is very weak and easy to break.  Basically, plan on buying a bunch of them if your kids like to use them a lot."
exactly what my daughter wanted no issues should have bought this one first others are junk and not worth it
perfect
My grandson loves these. He makes them for his class mates. And price was great. I'll buy more I'm sure.
"I just bought two Rainbow Loom from Zali.  They arrived very quickly and on top of that I got the real thing, not the counterfeit ones as many have."
"The loom was a Great idem for the purchase price my daughter loved it....sturdy, with  plenty of bands. Nice set for boys or girls."
"My daughter wanted a loom set, so I bought this for her today, but not from Amazon.

Let me preface this review by saying I am an Amazon JUNKIE.  I buy everything from Amazon, and have been for years.  I also know a little how Amazon works - which is why I'll warn you away from from Amazon 3rd party vendors on this one.

First of all, if you google the product and the founder of Rainbow loom, you'll see that the authorized retailers are a lesser known toy/craft store and Michaels.  With Michaels, he signed an exclusive, which means he can't sell to other big box stores at this time.  This means the only places to get legit product for SURE is either direct from rainbow loom, or from those the two retailers they mention on the website.  I usually know my way around Amazon, but was somewhat confused when I was trying to buy this product, because some of the vendors here say ""Authorized"" or even ""Rainbow Loom LLC.""  Now, the last one may be authentic (and at least it's fulfilled by them, and not Amazon), but I didn't want to take a chance - plus if it is the vendor, it's cheaper to buy it direct on their site (Amazon would charge them a percentage of sales).  Just because vendors say they are legit, doesn't mean they are.

The list price for this product is NOT 19.99.  It's 14.99.  So 3rd party retailers can certainly be buying stock from places like Michaels, then selling them for a few dollars more.  The problem is if they send it to Amazon to fulfill, Amazon co-mingles its inventory for marketplace vendors.  So honest vendor's merchandise can be mixed up with counterfeit guy's merchandise...which means even if you order from honest guy, you don't know what you will actually get.  When Amazon sells and ships it, they keep their merchandise separately (hence you'll be assured you get authentic stuff).

So do yourself a favor if you want the real thing...unless you read on Rainbow loom's website that they are selling on Amazon, just go get it from them, or from their authorized retailers.  You'll actually be saving money and getting the right product.

As for the product, it's fantastic (and why I rated it 5 stars, as there's nothing wrong with the product, just the counterfeit problem with Amazon marketplace vendors).  My daughter is 6, and while the product says it's for 8 and up, it only took about 15 minutes and she was able to do the basic designs without much trouble.  I bought a set for myself too, so we can do it together, and it keeps her interest longer when I sit with her.  Also, if you buy two sets, you can attach them to make them longer, which actually allows younger children to do a basic pattern using a linear peg line (vs the zig zag method).  My daughter doesn't have the best fine motor skills, so we'll probably have to leave the more complex designs for when she is older, assuming she doesn't get sick of it.  It doesn't seem like she will though!"
this is the original loom that the inventor created. Superior strength and easy function (bands stay on and loop off easy) I love that I can do this craft with my granddaughter!
I had no idea someone could spend hours with rubber bands.  My granddaughter loves it and has designed a multitude of bracelets & now a pair of earrings.
THIS IS NOT A REAL RAINBOW LOOM . I bought this for my daughter. We didn't notice anything wrong with it until we looked at the  videos saying it had a red arrow. This loom did not have a red arrow. Fast Eddy does not deserve to sell fake rainbow looms to people. Loom lovers and buyers BEWARE!
"Rainbow Loom - Sold by Rainbow Loom (not a 3rd party) is THE ONLY kit you should ever buy.

I've tried cheaper brands and they are terrible. The tool is cheap, the plastic shreds the rubber bands, and they will break easily.

The Rainbow Loom brand - Sold by Rainbow Loom company is WELL MADE. Solid, smooth plastic. does NOT break easily, and comes with a really nice tool. It is EASILY worth the extra $10 compared to the cheap knock-off brands.

I'm sorry I didn't go with Rainbow Loom first. I like to save money, but in this case, saving money by getting a 3rd party brand was just wasting money..."
Had another brand that was flimsy and broke within moments of having. This one is sturdy and a better set up. My daughter has been making braceletsike crazy!!!! Thanks for such a great product
"I bought it from the rainbow loom web store on amazon, and I don't see what everybody dosent like. It's very durable and it's super cool for me.the bands come with turquoise, yellow, and purple jellies and some primary colors. Totally worth it, so thanks rainbow loom web store!"
My grandson loved this as his Christmas gift. He learned very quickly how to make bracelets for his sisters for sure!!
I bought these for my daughter and her friends.  They love them!  She uses it for hours and hours making all kinds of different designs.  All of them say these are better than any of the other looms out there.
Love this when I play with my family they want to keep on making them with me it is fun
My granddaughter is enjoying it.  Thank you very much.  I do believe she will want more rubber bands for it soon.
"How are kids supposed to do this? I got it for my 8 year old niece and it was super hard to do. We opened it and sat down to do the first basic pattern and it was hard. I have been an artsy person my whole life, and constantly do art projects and do it yourself things. This was HARD. for an 8 year old it would take some time. OK so the basic pattern isn't that bad but it has to be memorized so that a kid could pull this out on their own and be able to make something. That is not the reality. If you get this for a kid you need to sit with them the whole time and keep teaching it to them over and over again until they understand it themselves. Nightmare."
"I ordered this set for my daughter and it was delivered on time.
My daughter had enjoyed the set and I'd recommend it"
My son broke his other loom and he found this one. He said the loom was stronger than his other one and he liked the way it functioned better. He has been making bracelets every day since. I gave it 5 stars because he his so happy with the product.
"Purchased for a Christmas present and turned out to be a big disappointment.  The unit was not made correctly, sharp edges and no arrows, even the looms were not properly positioned.  Returned to Amazon and went to Michaels to purchase the real one."
All of you don't stop about that it is fake i got mine and it was the real deal just don't listen to the other reviews they are wrong
"My granddaughters have these at home so I purchased one to have for them to play with when they come over. Since it was not expensive I will give it a very good rating. I don't see myself having the patience or desire to work with this, but it's a good product."
"My great niece was so happy to receive this in the mail, and then a few days later she got the organize storage container full of rubber bands, she was ecstatic!  Keeps her busy making things for all her friends."
My daughter absolutely enjoys the rubberband looms.  We have found this loom to be the most versatile one yet.  The pegs can be moved around and adjusted which helps her to create different things.  She has two of these looms and is making plans to order another so she can make wider creations.
"It is estable, strong, does not brake the rubber bands, and can change position so you can make any loom band desing. Definitely the best option in the market."
The rainbow loom is really a fun thing to use. So many different things to make it's loads of fun. thanks
Its fun for my grandchildren to work with and  its better than the one that is advertised on television and catalogs.
"I bought this and also got the same one at local Michaels store. They look the quite similar from the boxes, but if you pay good attentions, the pictures from the boxes are a little bit different (this fake one the printing quality was bad too).... this one sold on Amazon shipped from China was a fake one. After my kids started using them... every soon, from this fake one..the hook start falling apart , this fake one only about 5 dollars cheaper than the authentic one .. I will recommend you to buy the real Rainbow Loom."
"It was disappointing to learn that, even though I paid twice as much for the ""name brand"" of this product, that is not what I received."
"Buyer beware: this Rainbow Loom is flimsy, fake, and it broke when we were trying to put it together. Total waste of money. Do not buy unless it is straight from Rainbow Loom!"
"Bought this a while ago but didn't get it out til recently and I'm so sorry I waited!  It is horrible - nothing like the other one we have!  This one has sharp dangerous plastic edges all over the place, cheap, thinner plastic and no red arrow on the base like our first Rainbow loom purchased at the craft store.  I am so sorry I wasted my money on this!!!  BEWARE!!"
It was just like it said on the box the original Rainbow loom. Very happy with it. Now I can make a project with a double loom.
"I got it about a 4days from ordering. Was the real loom. I am still using it but broke it but it glues back together easily. I am happy that I didn't get a ""knock off loom""."
"best loom on the market.  My daughter has several, all different brands, but this one is her favorite.  It comes apart which is why she wanted it, it allows her to do a variety of bracelets, charms, etc.  It also comes with a hand held type maker and she has had fun with that as well.  it is made pretty well, she has had others break on her, especially the pick stick.  This is a great product, good value and my daughter loves it."
it was the worst thing ever made; it broke whenever I touched it. The tool did not work. Very tricky.
"We ordered these for our two boys. They made some of the basic ones, and then, they moved on to making ones with videos. Now, they make their own creations. Lots you can do with these, and they are the high quality loom."
"The plastic piece on the board was broken when we opened the box.  Various aspects don't correspond to the genuine product (no embossing, etc). Suspect that this may not be the genuine item.  Disappointed my kids who were looking forward to this toy.  Purchase at your own risk!"
You can not get better than Rainbow Loom. With so many colors and shades this is one of the best in the bis.
The quality of the bands are awful!!! All of the bracelets my daughter and I have made a month ago are falling apart!! The bands dry rot quickly. I'm really disappointed. They turned out to be a waste of time and money. Don't buy unless you don't care that they will end up in the garbage a month later.
Absolutely love! Why bother with the other looms. The Rainbow Loom is built strong and durable! I've already bought 2 more! My nieces love them but thats if they get a chance to use it. I cant help it but im addicted to the Rainbow Loom!
"Bought this for my niece, when I came to visit her and showed me the product I was mad! The product in the box is clearly not the rainbow loom but replaced with a cheap plastic loom and horrible cheap hook. I'm off to buy her the real thing from a reputable store. Buyers beware!"
"It provided hour and hours of fun for both of the grandchildren!!!!!  This gift was a hit, and I have ordered another set!"
My 9 year old daughter loved it. As long as you can keep the parts together its a great toy.
"This was a Christmas gift for my 7 year old grandniece, and she loves it!  I checked pricing at some of the retail stores in my area, and found that, in all instances, their pricing was higher than yours.

I would certainly order this product again!!"
Bought this for my little princess. She loves the loom bands. Can't stop making them. There all over my house.
"This is made from strong rigid plastic, it comes with 2prong mini loom. Easy to take apart and reposition loom rows. So far everything she has attempted to make she was able to without issues(besides patience) angry birds, hibiscus flowers, her name; it's worth the money paid."
"The rainbow loom is fun and an excellent tool for creation. My child enjoys the challenge of making bracelets, characters, or whatever else comes into his mind."
"This product delivered quickly , but it broke easily . The ends of the rainbow loom were sharp . It gave me cuts on my hand . The rubber bands were cheap . The clips were a bit foggy like they had used a different formula . The connectors on the bottom weren't tight enough . They kept falling of when I was using the loom and ruined most of my bracelets and charms that I was making . This loom is ok but I recommend you should buy this in stores ."
My Granddaughter loves this. She is making bracelets for all her friends. She says it's a much better loom then what her cousin has:)
A few days ago I got this and when I looked at it it looks like a rainbow loom. It was perfect. It wasn't counterfeit and it was the real loom. In the bottom of the loom it said choon's design. I loved it so much. I was so happy. You guys should get it not lying it was great!!!!!!!!
"We bought this for Christmas.  It was a bit disappointing - but we didn't know enough to know that it was clearly counterfeit.  The loom was put together wrong and one of the plastic strips was damaged.  However, once we put it together right, it worked fine.  Our daughter loved making creations.
We just bought another one so that she could add to hers, but we bought it from a different vendor.  TOTALLY different product - stamped with rainbow loom mark on bottom, and much better quality.  Buy direct from a trusted vendor, not this vendor."
"I don't know about the controversy over ""fake"" looms, but this one works just great. My 9 year old son loves it. I wish it came with an instruction booklet for more complicated bracelets, but all the how-to information is online, so it is accessible."
"Can't believe Amazon is still listing this as one of the best toys for spring.  I got an E-mail and decided to investigate.  With so many negative comments about the counterfeit products, it amazes me that they still are advertising this product.  I won't be buying it any time soon!"
I felt bad because I gave this to my niece for a gift and it broke after a few days. She loved it while it worked though. She made a lot of fun things.
They are correct when they say don't buy the imitations!  This one is so much nicer with the clear loom so you can really see what you are doing.  Hours and hours have been spent on this product and it is holding up so well.
"I have a 7 year old daughter who plays bad piggies and it' s been difficult to make her feel interested in something else. But then at school someone brought this and it began. Even though I love it,  I wish it came with more rubber bands. The ones you buy somewhere else are not as strong as the ones that come in the box."
All the pieces I needed and plenty of clear instructions and places to get more info. I do recommend this.
This is not the real rainbow loom.  It is crappy like the ones from ollies. Don't buy if you are looking for the real rainbow loom
Prompt delivery and good product(s).  Everything I expected and will perhaps be back to purchase as gift items for friends and family.  Purchased for my 11 year old daughter and she loves it!
"AMAZING!  Better for older kids, around 9 or 10, as our 8 year old grand daughter just made all the simple ones.  I don't have to rate this, everyone loves it!  Highly recommend!"
"Ha, we just bought this and guess what? It works JUST FINE. I'm not clear on why people are smelling chemicals and the rubber bands are breaking. Maybe defects? Ours is, yes, made in China, as so much is nowadays. It's fantastic and my 5-year-old girl caught on quickly and made several lovely, strong bracelets without any weird odor."
"When I purchased this loom originally, the reviews were great.  Since that time, others like myself have discovered that it is a counterfeit product and that we were lied to.  Please do not buy this loom and support the brand theft that is taking place.  I am severely disappointed that people would do this.  The product does not have the colored arrows that the true Rainbow Loom has and also does not have the embossed logo.  According to some, the pins are sharp and dangerous, but luckily mine seems to have avoided this problem.  I didn't realize that counterfeit products could be sold an Amazon.  Now I know and will be more aware in the future."
My daughter was so excited to order her Rainbow Loom.  It seems well made and she is making everyone bracelets and rings.  She is quite pleased
My 9 y.o. son wanted this loom after he saw it at a friend's house.  It has so many features and options that allows for hours of fun!
"Our 7-year old granddaughter was delighted to receive this as a Christmas gift--one of the items on her wish list. Obviously, this is another fad item for kids, and the interest may not last long. However, to give a child something to construct for a friend or for herself, this has been a happily received gift, and isn't too costly."
I really like this one better than getting a crazy loom I think it is great for big fingers plus these can be reassembled to do many other kinds of bracelets
my girl loved and still loves this item. Always getting more bands to use. Recommended to anyone for a gift.
"I  like it because it has a lot of bands,and enough equipment.it met my expectations,I suggest you getting this, buy"
"We bought this for my daughter for Christmas, and she loves it! She is able to spend hours making bracelets and trying out new designs. This is very easy for her to do and she makes some great bracelets!"
"I could give it 3 stars for the double price I bought it at but since the rating is for the product, I decided to give it 5. I believe I should do my homework before buying, which I usually do, but in this case I didn't. The product is great and my kids love it. You could get it for half the price at any department store."
It broke when I got it so that is what made me disappointed but I loved the loom I wish I could get a mother one cause of that though
"I gave it one star because I have too. I think it is buls**t that I didn't get my full refund and had to pay to return it. There was nothing wrong and nothing in their fine print that says I shouldn't get a full refund, but I didn't. Do NOT buy from them."
My little one really loves it.  She started watching videos on how to create new patterns and tries it out herself
This is truly a great bargain! My little man enjoys making bracelets and it comes equipped for begginers. Love it!
"This is amazing and I made a big necklace
Out of the rainbow loom  plus it is really easy to use I love it so so much"
"This was not bought for me, but my  7 year old grandson.  He loves it ! and I believe it has not been from his sight sense I gave the ""loom"" to him.  It is very educational and teaches them to understand how things are made and constructed."
Got this for my six year old girl for Christmas. It was easy for her to use. She loves it. I did help her learn to do her first one but she's been fine with doing it herself since. Great and great for the price! Loved it.
The hook broke not long after we purchased it.  My 9 year old daughter bought it with her own money and was very disappointed when it broke.
"My 9 years old daughter enjoyed it and she was really creative , did so many nice and colorful bracelets"
This is not an original Rainbow Loom. Daughter dropped it after  week and the loom shattered. Save your money and order an original from the Rainbow Loom Website!
The loom was everything my granddaughter wanted.  It was exactly as described and came quickly.  I would recommend absolutely recommend it.
My stepdaughter has been using this (along with youtube videos) to create charm bracelets and regular bracelets for the whole family. I think she may even like it more than playing video games. A great craft idea for kids.
"Good quality, worked well, no issues. I have not used any other looms so I would not know too much about the difference in quality, but this one is sturdy."
We bought this at Christmas but the kids were making brackets for the Olympics like crazy once they learned how to make them.  It was great
when i recived my loom it was broken and i will be sending it back very soon very disapointe in amozon
"My grandson loves the loom, uses it daily - so fun and creative! I wish I had ordered it sooner."
My granddaughter was the recipient of this item as part of her Christmas gift and she has enjoyed it.  She's made bracelets for herself and her friends.
Granddaughter was very excited to receive this loom.  It is more versatile than the cheaper version.  She loved it.  I would recommend this loom over the cheaper versions.
Bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter.  She needs her mothers help (a lot of it!) and it is really too difficult for her to use alone.
"Too complicated for younger kids, and the instructions aren't great (and actually difficult for adults!)  End result was disappointed 8 year old."
"My son had a lot of fun with it.  Make different patterns after watching youtube video instructions.  he's 6.  It is a creative idea to make use of rubberbands, simple and practical."
"This is very nice and durable. My son had received a knock off at Christmas time and it had a couple of pegs break off, and then it fell on his carpeted floor from the desk and broke in three places. I am glad that I was able to find him the ""real"" rainbow loom online and replace it, even better I ordered some more as gifts for others. When they arrived I was very please at how durable and well constructed it was. There has not been a problem yet with anything breaking. make sure you check out the differences when you order, so you can spot the ""fake"" from the real thing."
My son is like m ost kids and is loving t his trend right now.  This is a good set but the instructions are a bot hard to understand for kids and even adults!
My kids love the rainbow loom. It is a good quality toy and comes with good instructions. There are also plenty of YouTube videos to help if you get stuck.
"I had a hard time understanding what this was or how to use it, I only knew my daughter wanted it very badly. After spending about 20 minutes staring at it and trying to make bracelets a couple times (and failing miserably) I figured out how it works. She now loves this and uses it all the time."
"One of my granddaughters received this gift as a birthday present from her friend.  She immediately got involved making bracelets for everyone in all different colors and styles.  I wear mine all the time.  Since she loved it so much, I purchased one for another granddaughter."
Great it was what we wanted. We looked everywhere and when we found this one we were thrilled!!!! Nice Job!!!
"I like it because it was perfect I needed it and it's cool
Yeah buy it please it is cool"
"I informed Amazon that I believed the loom I received was a counterfeit. If you go to the original Rainbow Loom website, you can see pictures that will show you how to identify counterfeits. It does not seem as durable as original and the pegs have sharper edges than the original. I do not approve of any organization selling counterfeit product; therefore, I gave this 1 star."
"I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas.  As I was online looking up new patterns for her to make with it, I came across a page about counterfeit Rainbow Looms.  The one I had purchased was counterfeit.  It only lasted a couple of weeks before it broke.  I went to Michael's and purchased a legitimate Rainbow Loom and we have had no problems with it.  I would steer clear of this one."
"I didn't believe the kids when they said it mattered whether we bough the Rainbow Loom or a cheap knock off. Guess what? It does! We have three kids in our house and three looms. Only one is the RL and it is noticeably better made, sturdier and easier to work with."
"Rainbow Loom was the name asked for and Amazon did not disappoint. My 6 year old loves crafting all sorts of stuff and sharing with friends. Plus, I can't help but see the dexterity and hand-eye coordination benefits that come with use. Something like this is a good way for kids to occupy some of their time without electronics (well, except for some video instructions perhaps) that also has some secondary benefits (the dexterity I mentioned above). Oh, and beware parents, it is easy to get sucked into the joy that is looming with rubber bands!"
"I received my Rainbow Loom today.  I was wary because of all the reviews about counterfeits.  I was cautiously optimistic because the title of the item was Ranbow Loom by Rainbow Loom.  The seller was Toy Wiz.  When I got the Rainbow Loom today, I checked it against the photos and tips on their website.  Rainbow Loom has a page on their website where you can check against counterfeits.  The one I received is authentic.  The box image is correct when checked against the counterfeits and the authentic item on the Rainbow Loom website, and all the plastic items inside the box bear the Rainbow Loom imprints, the red arrow and have smooth and rounded plastic pegs as shown on their website.  Happy!"
Broke right away not very durable. My daughter can still use it. Not happy with purchase at all. Would not buy again!
Thisbusva knock off of the original rainbow loom. We returned ours and my children were very disappointed when it arrived.
This is a Great Loom! Very nice and one of the best we have! This was my daughters first one! You can add rows.... with most others you buy you can't add the extra rows for different bracelets!
"This loom and the rubber bands I ordered are made for each other.  I mean, literally.  Without one another, they are nothing.  The loom works as a loom should and the fact that its a rainbow loom is a feather in its cap, particularly if you're a seven- or eight-year-old girl.  My granddaughter -- who, surprise, is exactly in that age range -- HAD to have this for Christmas, and was very happy that I had read both her mind (and her letter to Santa).  Ho Ho How cool am I?"
"Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas,she was so excited,but there a part missing so she could not use it"
"Bought this for my granddaughter, as it seems to be the rage with the young girls. She has made many bracelets for friends, one for me and some for herself already....fun game!"
"I knew my grandchildren wanted this. It helps kids to be creative and no doubt, lots of fun to make bracelets."
"This is a bad knock-off of a name-brand product. I am very surprised that Amazon would support such terrible name/copyright infringement. This is not the quality ""Rainbow Loom"" product. It broke after only a few uses. My daughter was VERY disappointed. Shame on you Amazon for not filtering products better than this!"
"A sturdy  loom that adds skills to young bracelet makers.  With a little adult help to start, young ""bracelet"" makers can  learn a craft that can be expanded to other items."
I would totally recommend the Rainbow loom brand. Was much easier to use and the tutorials make it super fun.
Have been using it since I got it and have not no problems. We have another one and it's really easy to hook the two of them together to make a long bracelet without having to do the extension.
"My 9 year old daughter loves to make bracelets on this loom, but after one month, one of the loom heads snapped off. It was an end piece so it didn't matter that much. After 2 months, now another one has broken and it's in the middle, so this product is mostly unusable now."
"Received this for my grandaughter, was very happy with this. It is very easy for the young girls to make these braclets !!"
"The Rainbow Loom is the perfect gift for my granddaughter. She has made so many things on this loom that she couldn't have on any of the other looms. This loom comes apart, while most other looms are one molded piece, which gives this loom so much versatility to make more than just bracelets, She has made turtles, penguins etc. She is 8 yrs. old and goes to YouTube (there are so many patterns on there) and follows the video and makes a variety of things. A great feeling of accomplishment for her."
My daughter is obsessed with this loom.  It's provided us with hours and hours if fun.  Great product!!! Tons of fun!!!
"I bought this rainbow loom for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas. The kit consists of 600 rubber bands, 24 c clips, crochet stick and  the loom. The loom is glass, so you can see what you are doing and none of my bands were broken. You can also buy two looms and combine them together and make headbands or thicker bracelets. My daughter loves making bracelets for her friends and family. Her braclets always turns out nice anf bright. She looks up tutorial videos on kids making bracelets on the loom and then copy what they are doing. This toy keeps her attention for a long time. I highly recommend this loom for kids of all ages."
"My sister loves it!  Quality rubber bands, great video tutorials online, refills available. Pretty fashionable as well, for younger kids."
Got all the parts shipped on time and my kids are happy and just in time for the weekend to keep them busy.
My daughters broke so we bought this one to replace.  She loves it!! Rainbow loom is awesome! She makes everything
I bought a bunch of these looms and the rubberbands for all my nieces and they are having a ball. I am buying more bands for all of them.
The great grand children wanted the whole set They are very talented and need to stay busy after homework is completed
"My little sister loves it. It was a little confusing to figure out how to use- I would definitely recommend watching a video on youtube as a guide, makes it much easier. Fun and easy and keeps the kids entertained and quiet for a while."
"I purchased the rainbow loom here on Amazon.  Unfortunately, the peg that it came with is the wrong one.  My first grader could not follow it via the brochure or on youtube. This is so frustrating because he was so excited to make his own bracelets.  This is ridiculous.  We wasted our money. Now I have go to Michaels to buy him another one.  Don't waste your money here."
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my niece and she absolutely loves it. Even two months later, she can't get enough of making cool bracelets with her loom set."
"Yes, we've fallen hard for the Rainbow Loom.
This is perfect!  My daughter loves it, I love it and we have made MANY creations with it!  I've spent  fortune on bands for it but still its worth it!!
Highly recommend it to anyone looking to do a fun activity with their daughter!!"
"The only complaint my kids have with this kit is that we only bought one.

Both my daughter and sons love to use this to make various bracelets.  It's easy to use as my kids watch the online videos and are able to follow along to make all of the different style bracelets.

Great product!"
"Hey, I'm 58 and I enjoy making these bracelets for my grands. They love getting them too! I also use them for other things like tying up cords in place of a rubber band. Holds a pony tail pretty well too!"
"My daughter accidentally received two - and I am so happy she did!  We love hanging out, making bracelets together. It's also great for when she has a friend over. We haven't made a ton of styles yet, but have had fun making bracelets for each other and friends.

Note: She's 7 years old, and we have had some problems with frustration. Usually I will preview the video before having her make the bracelet, to make sure it won't be too difficult."
Bought these for my daughter so that she can refill her loom organizer she was running low on they bands. You got alot for your money. She was so happy to receive it.
I absolutely love the Rainbow Loom. I mostly love it because you can make designs of your own and look up ones on the internet. I have no disliking to the Rainbow Loom it is all thumbs up.
"NOT ORIGINAL!
BE CAREFUL!!!
I thought the quality is not good but realized it wasn't original.
I should've bought at Michaels..."
It has been bracelet madness and my son says this is the only loom that works.  I ordered the wrong kind the first two times and finally we have the one that works.
"I tried to separate the machine because some bracelets need it, but the rainbow loom broke, and the other piece too."
My 7 year old granddaughter brings me home a list of colors and what type of bracelet her little friends want at school.  Never had a compliant with any of the kids.  Love making them for the kids.
This is a very good product for girls between 7 and 12 years old. Great product with lots of different combinations.
Gave as a gift and it makes a great rainy day activity. Requires a little help getting started. but after that it goes fairly easy.
"It was a little intimidating to start; however, my great granddaughter and I watched a video which helped much more than the instructions.  We have made quite a few for other great grandchildren.  I would recommend picking up a package of split rings in different sizes....silver & gold....to use to connect the bracelets as the enclosed S & C connectors do not work well at all.  They come apart very easily and once apart the bracelet is a goner because all the bands just fall apart without the connectors."
"I got this loom for my granddaughter.  She has two other looms but this is the one that  she uses.  After receiving her rainbow loom and using it, she now longer uses any of the others.  She said that this loom is the easiest to use and often watches the learn how videos."
This was a gift for a friend's daughter. She loved it.  We ordered it late but it still arrived before Christmas.
"My granddaughter loves it and enjoys making different types of bracelets.
After awhile, they get very creative with it.  A good investment to keep her busy."
"I bought the Rainbow Loom and it got to me on thursday, my daughter was super excited! But on sunday she was doing this pencil charm on her Rainbow Loom, she was lifting some bands up and her hook just broke! And the thin part of the hook  flew away, she was super upset, she was so upset  that she cried and cried! And she only used for four days!"
"These are SUPER popular here. I got this for my little sister for Christmas. I liked this one opposed to other ones because the colors are brighter. Other than that it is just like any other kit. It has the loom. hook, and rubber bands."
Bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it.  great gift for a tween.  I would buy it again
My child spent a couple days playing with this making the same thing over and over. What's really frustrating for her (and me) is that the instructions to make all the different patterns can only be found online. We're not going to sit in front of the computer watching videos so this is going in the toy bin.
My 9 year old niece loves her Rainbow Loom. It was delivered on time for Christmas and she has had hours and hours of fun. There are many easy to follow Rainbow Loom tutorials on YouTube. Make sure to buy extra bands! And case to contain all of the extra bands!
Two pieces of the loom broke off of the end of the loom. My grandson will have to buy another loom.
"I admit that this purchase was last minute and because I had heard it was a fad item that my eleven year-old neice would surely enjoy.

Fad sells the loom short. It's ingenious, fun, creative, and intuitive out-of-the box.

A real winner."
My daughter went to move the blue pegs that can expand the loom and the peg broke.  The loom is no longer sturdy for her to use.
I purchased this for a Christmas gift and was soooo disappointed that the box is the same as the others I got but the product is NOT!
"This loom only lasted 2 days. While using the loom very carefully and correctly, I broke the hooking tool first and then 2 of the pegs. I recommend buying a different more sturdy set."
I got these for two early teens.  They have had a great time making bracelets.  It is nice to see children put down their electronic devices and use their minds to actually complete a task.  The girls really were excited to get this as they are very popular with girls and boys who are in the between stages and for whom are extremely difficult to find a satisfying gift.
My kids received this for Christmas and we were having so much fun making bracelets and keychains that we ordered a 2nd one so we could all be creating at the same time!  The rubber bands that come with it are very durable and the hook and mini loom are far more sturdy than some of the knock off hooks.
"My 9 year old daughter received 3 looms for Christmas.  Only one was a 'real' Rainbow Loom, the other 2 were knock off brands.  Out of the 3 looms; the Rainbow Loom is by far her favorite and the one she uses the most.  This loom can be taken apart and repositioned to make different band designs.  The Rainbow Loom bands are far superior to some of the other knock off brands.  My daughter loves to watch 'Tutorials By A' on you tube to get new band ideas and to watch step by step new band designs.  My daughter loves this craft so much she has since used her own money to by additional bands and is currently waiting for March 7, 2014 when Rainbow Loom launches their new metal pink hook.  Highly recommend for a crafty girl!"
"I bought the Rainbow Loom for my 11 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  It broke by New Year's.  It was still usable, but then the hook broke.  We replaced it with a crochet hook.  I am very disappointed in the quality.  It gets 2 stars only because she loved it so much, otherwise I would give it 1 star."
"I purchased two of these for Christmas gifts.  Who would have known the popularity with the kids that these loom sets are the ""in"" thing."
"They carry these at Michael's so I knew what to expect. Quality is much better than knock-offs and the hook is quite sturdy.  As with all Rainbow Loom products, the bands and clips are quite nice. Not cheap feeling at all...bands haven't broken yet.

For the price on Amazon, I can't imagine why anyone would buy this from Michael's (especially since you can't use a coupon.

Since I've bought this, the price has dropped at Michael's, but what I paid on Amazon was still cheaper."
I absolutely love my rainbow loom. Its way easier than using my fingers or two pencils. This product is fanominile
These were not the real Rainbow Looms they came with purple single pieces to put them together and not a large one they can not be put together to make a longer bracelet
"This loom was supposed to have the correct base and it didn't.  The thing must be a ""second"" or just a rip off.  It broke the first time my granddaughter tried to use it.  Don't waste your money on this."
I bought this as a gift for my friends daughter. She loves it! It will provide girls or boys hours of enjoyment.
"I have ordered these twice from Amazon.  The first, which I purchased from Amazon seller duckytoys, was genuine!  An excellent product, well made, sturdy, all smooth edges, with the trademarked Rainbow Loom label stamped into all plastic parts.  My 11 year old daughter loves it!  If this was a review just of that loom, it would be five stars.  We LOVE our Rainbow Loom <3

I loved it so much, I bought a second one.  However, the second time I ordered I was sent a counterfeit loom from seller Toys of Wonder.  It was in a box that looked genuine, but the loom itself was lightweight, the edges were sharper, colors were a little off, and there was no stamping.  It was a fake, made to deceive!  It is functional, compatible with the original, but poorly made.  I felt profoundly cheated.  Compared to other knock-off brands similar to Rainbow Loom, this one was not even as good as the one I bought at Walmart because of the sharp edges.

I love Amazon, but when I wanted to buy a THIRD loom (yes, we love them that much!) I bought direct from the manufacturer.  ""But I have Amazon Prime!  Free two day shipping!!"" say the die hard Amazon fans.  Consider the following: the loom is just fifteen  d o l l a r s from the manufacturer's website and shipping is only two or three for Priority Mail shipping.  It is price competitive, genuine, and arrives quickly.  I am NOT being paid to say this.

Lastly, I want to suggest that the Rainbow Loom imitators with different brand names can be VERY good alternatives and are actually less likely to have sharp edges or be cheaply made.  You  will also not pay as much for them.  You can even get them with free Amazon shipping ;^)  Just make sure that the loom you buy has the removable base, not the single piece fixed base and not the accordion base.  Some loom projects need diagonal pegs while others need straight pegs; the base must be adjustable.  When I bought a loom for myself, I got one from Walmart, but I can't remember the brand name.  The pegs are farther apart, which is even better for my big grown-up fingers!

I just want to pass along the benefit of my experience to others so they make an informed decision before they buy."
I appreciate the looms as they make my boy very happy.  He is able to use his creativity and makes beautiful wrist bands for the entire family and friends.  I would recommend it to all parents of children 6 years and older.
"I bought one for each of my nieces for Christmas and I was the queen of aunties.  This is an awesome gift for a child, but make sure you are not getting a knock off.  Michael's craft stores were originally the only store given permission to sell.  They now have them 2/$25.  That is a very reasonable price and the only place I would recommend buying them.  Amazon is clearly not doing much to protect its customers and these counterfeit ones may be made from dangerous materials.  Our kids are too important to risk it for a couple of $$."
"My 8 year-old daughter hasn't been this interested in any one activity for a long time! For Christmas, I purchased the Rainbow Loom and both the loom and hook broke. I chose Loomy Loom and Loomy Bands as a replacement and am very pleased."
My grandchildren love this -and have played with it non stop since receiving it a week ago!!Great value and pretty colors.
"The fact that the device (on which you tie your rubbers upon) moves and rotates brings new options to creating bracelets, and my nieces loved it."
So glad I bought this.  My granddaughter loves making the bracelets and it's an innovative creative activity.  Good product and good price.
I have a CraZy Loom and this Rainbow Loom and I like both. The drawback is that this loom is a little shorter than the CraZ loom which makes shorter or smaller bracelets but it is easier to loop the bands.
it works really well and it was better than i thought it was going to be thank you i love it
My niece is enjoying her gift. She is a bracelet making machine now. She could go in to business if she wanted to. The only thing you need to be prepared for it to be able to buy more little rubber bands and that they will end up everywhere. I still think it is a great gift for any girl.
"Is there a child anywhere who is not busy making clever and creative items with this amazing craft kit?!?  It is so good that it can woo kids from television and electronic games to do something with their hands and brains.  There are levels of skill and good instructions, fun for working alone or in groups.  Use Amazon to get the kit for less than you would pay in any store."
"Not sure who likes this better, my grandson or his mother.  Great product wish I had invented it, great idea"
A gift for granddaughter and may I add she LOVES IT!!! She has made many many bracelets of different designs using this.
"Very disappointed to discover that the Rainbow Loom my daughter purchased with her Christmas gift, an Amazon Gift Card, is a counterfeit.  I expect Amazon to have controls in place to protect the consumer and am hoping they will refund the amount paid for this inferior, and likely toxic, product."
it is great for the kids and adults to try this you can make anything you want and it came on time.
"The customer service was quick and friendly when I ordered this item. Once I received this item, I noticed the arrow was pointing to wrong direction, and pins were also placed in wrong direction. The quality of the plastic itself gave away the fact that this was counterfeit. Lots of sharp edges."
This was a gift for my 6 year old daughter. Exactly what she wanted.  She really enjoys this and learned quickly.
"This does what it is supposed to do. Ordered for an adult and she likes it, but wish it had guide for patterns."
This made my grandsom very happy. It was enjoyed by him and his young neighbors on these snowy  cold days.
"This product was a special request from our niece for Christmas - immediately after opening she ran over & gave us hugs!! Score!
She loves this & has made plenty of projects already"
My daughter loves her rainbow loom. She got the generic loom for Christmas and insisted on the rainbow loom from here instead.
"My 11 year old greaddaughter loved this so much, would recommend it to every little girl. Hours of entertainment. I was well satisfied with the service I recieved when I ordered."
This is NOT the real thing. It is a cheap imposter. It falls apart while using it. NOT worth the money or the one star. DO NOT buy!
It was just as described and arrived within a few days of my ordering it. All rubber bands were of high quality and color. Go for it!
"Hours of entertainment (and not screen time) for children of all ages, male and female.  Highly highly recommend and be prepared for many bracelet gifts in many different designs."
"I bought this for my little sister and she loves it! It's a good activity to occupy kids. My sister spends a lot of time researching and learning new patterns. It's very fun for her, and I think all kids will enjoy this toy."
"I didn't really care if this loom was the real thing or not, I just wanted to hook it together with my real rainbow loom I purchased from Michaels and not spend another $15.00. Well, it was an absolutely wasted purchase. Not only were the posts you hook the bands to too scratchy and raw to use, but it won't even connect to the real rainbow loom! The clear circular parts that stick on the blue base are different sizes than the authentic one so it will not work. I spent an hour with a metal file and sandpaper to get the scratchy plastic off the posts and it still broke bands while I did bracelets. My fiance took it to the garage and melted the posts a little with a torch and that made it more usable but it still won't hook to my other authentic loom. The real authentic loom has patents and logos printed on every single blue connector piece, the cream colored hook and the mini loom. It also has red arrows on the clear loom pieces. My cheap loom I bought before this one at AC Moore worked fine for a while, but then I got addicted to making the more difficult bracelets and found that it's definitely worth it to go to a craft store and just buy the real thing. I now do not even use the two cheap ones I purchased. Hope this review helps someone avoid the same mistake I made!"
I purchased 20 rainbow loom kits to donate to a local children's hospital.  I was able to purchase them cheaper than through any local craft store.  They were all the exact same quality as what I would have purchased in Michael's.  It was great to see out money go further.
"The products I received is nothing like the ones advertised.  I ordered two Rainbow Looms and of course expected the real ones since I already have the original one.  I would like to order two more for my daughter's friends.  When the products arrived, I almost fainted!! They are extremely bad in quality and worst they are fake and duplicated!  Couldn't accept!!!  This supplier is a liar selling the fake ones with the price of the original!!! The picture and quality advertised are of the original but the products are another thing!! THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!!"
"It broke as I was taking it out of the box. It has no arrows and the pegs are sharp and ragged, making it unsafe to use. It would be bad enough to be a knock off, but it's not even useable. A total waste of money. I would send it back for a refund, but I simply don't have the time to get to the post office. Couldn't be more disappointed. I'm off to Michael's to buy one that isn't a hazard to my child."
"My daughter got one of these for Christmas, then my husband and I loved it so much that we bought a second one so we wouldn't be tempted to hog our daughter's loom.  They're such a great tool for creativity and teaching!"
"It is a very great machine because is important for your rubberbands
Is the most great rainbow loom machine y"
"Found out via the Rainbow Loom website (after the hook had broke) that there are many counterfeit looms out there, the one I purchased being one of them. The loom itself has now broken as well. I have a try unhappy little girl."
all my grandkids are into this and spend hours working on it!  Seems to occupy their time more than sitting in front of a computer.
"This was a gift for my daughter for Christmas. She has enjoyed using the loom to make rings, bracelets, and necklaces."
"They may have the Rainbow Loom in the toy department, but this is anything but.  I am a 34 year old guy and this has been the greatest purchase I ever made.

Over the past year, I have made bracelets, rings, and anklets for everyone in my office.  All of my coworkers are so grateful when they get their gifts from me.  You can sense their deep appreciation and their smiles say it all.  The bring laughter too.  I can hear them with my other coworkers when they share their bracelets and rings and anklets with our other friends.  And the word is getting around.

We recently had a new hire and when I asked him what colors he liked, he said that he heard about me.  Sure enough when he got to his desk the next morning, he had a purple and pink anklet waiting for him.  I never heard so much laughter from our cubicles before amongst every one that gathered to see him try it on.  Why buy donuts for your office that will only make everyone fat.  If you want to give your friends something that is guilt free and still has a hole in the middle, the Rainbow Loom can provide so much more joy.  Thank you Rainbow Loom and you are so welcome MY FRIENDS.  I hope that we can all get together some weekend like I keep suggesting!  ILU!!!"
It broke creating sharp edges when we bought a new one at a brick and mortar I noticed the difference and am furious that I was scammed by amazon!
I give this a 0 star raing because for one it is counterfeit and unsafe. Two when I got it was broke in half and there was a loose white powder in it. I sent it to the poison control right away.
"If your kid looms, get this! It's top notch. The bands are strong, and the colors are great. The whole kit is well made. Great for boys or girls!"
Was a gift for my niece right away they noticed it wasn't the real thing since they had just purchased one for her brother from Michael's also there was a piece broken off the loom itself.
"I chose this product based on the other positive reviews I read.  My daughter is very happy with the product, the build quality of the product is very good so it is not easily damaged."
My granddaughter bought this to my house during the holiday. My great granddaughter came for a visit and she loved it. Now she has her own. Her mother says she loves it.
Needle for the Rainbow Loom was too small and hard to use.  Price was ok but would not recommend this loom.
This is a total fake don't buy.  Arrived super late. it broke the first time my daughter used it.  Photo shopped box. go to Rainbowloom.com and they show all the fakes out there.
This rainbow loom has very poor quality and it is absolutely fake! The material is very rough and smells very bad.
"My kids have had a few looms and this one is the best. Instructions are easy to follow, bands actually stay on the loom posts and the hook works well. Much better than other looms we have purchased."
"all in all it is a good product. The only problem we have had it the plastic hook stick broke with in the first day of use, so we went to the local hobby store and bough her a metal hook."
"Kids love it and they are enjoying this everyday.
Great gift for the kids and its so much fun for them."
Got this for my daughter as a gift. She loves it! She spends hours making bracelets with her friends. Amazon has great price and quick shipping. I also purchased the rubber bands on Amazon- great value!
"If you look at the Rainbow Loom website, they tell you how to tell if your loom is counterfeit.  This one is most definately a fake!  When you compare it to the real one (which we already have) the plastic on this one is very thin and pegs break off easily.  The blue connector pieces are also missing the official ""Rainbow Loom"" stamp on the back and are much smaller than the real ones.  To top it all off, the hook broke too!  Not even one week of use and the whole thing is garbage.  Trying to get my money back!"
"Super quick shipping, great condition. It was a birthday present for a friend's daughter and she seemed to really enjoy it."
"Ok so its counterfeit. I received this for Christmas and it works perfectly! It broke after many,many uses. Even though it broke, it still works! Don't worry about it being counterfeit if you want to get the real thing, get it from rainbow loom."
"As expected nothing more to say
easy to use could use more instruction pattern but all in all its great"
"The product I received was a counterfeit. The pegs have sharp edges, the blue brackets on the bottom that hold the rows of pegs together keep falling off. I use it myself but I won't let my 8 year old use it because I am afraid the rows of pegs will snap; they start to flex when the bands are stretched tighter than the next peg.

I then ordered product right from the rainbow loom website and the official product has none of these problems. It is a wonderful product when it is the real thing."
My Granddaughter loves these. She has 4 now. She still hasn't mastered a lot of the projects but is having fun trying. One good thing is you can undo your mistakes so the bands are not wasted. So far I have 4 bracelets an a real neat necklace. I'm waiting for my headband and cell phone case. She loves making things.
"It's exactly what I was looking for... but with the shipping cost, it was pretty expensive in the end... I could have find it in a craft store near by for half the price..."
"This is a nice thing to have if you want to make the bracelets. It makes them high class, not the generic ones like so many have. Very good and easy instructions on utube."
My girls were thrilled when they received the Rainbow Loom for Christmas... I would recommend this product for any little or even for the older generation who enjoys doing crafts.
what's not to love? Kids love it! and it has kept them busy being creative. they have made many for friends and every family member has at least 2 each :)
"I haven't opened it yet, but I am curious how it works.  I found 3 books I want to order also for the loom."
"I bought 3 three of these, 2 for my grandson, age 8 and 12, and one for my 13 yr old stepdaughter.  It has proven to be reliable and sturdy and eveyone is loving this!!"
It is not the authentic rainbow loom!  I have bought 3 others and all say on the blue plates rainbow loom. This one does not. It also does not fit in the other blue plates if you want to extend to looms. It is not the original. Very disappointing
"This was for my 10 year old daughter who begged me for this loom kit!  She seriously loves it & hasn't stop making bracelets since she got it!!!  Very nice, good quality kit.

Highly recommend seller!  Very fast shipping!  A++++++"
"So yes, we are hooked.  Had to actually go to the store to purchase another one.  Thank you!  Worth every penny."
my granddaughter loves this.  I also purchased many colored bands and she is in creative heaven. I would highly recommend.
Sturdy rubberband loom with instructions that are faily easy to follow.  My 9 year old granddaughter loves it and has made bracelets for the whole family.
"This is a counterfit rainbow loom.  It still functions ok but not as good of a product, if an authentic rainbow loom is advertised then that is what you should get."
"I ordered my first loom on Dec 24th, which was fulfilled by a company called ""Proaktif"". It was genuine and we're very satisfied.

THEN I ordered another (same exact product, this one) on Jan 7th, which was fulfilled by a company called ""Ekidsthings"". It was a COUNTERFEIT. No red arrow, no embossed name on anything, sharp edges, etc. I just missed my return window so I'm stuck with it. Note that it also won't connect securely to a real Rainbow Loom, so no double-loom stuff.

I discourage anyone from ordering this item via Amazon until they figure out how to weed out the counterfeits."
"I like this kit. I was paid more than friend who ordered day after me. I paid few dollars more
i wish i wait until price is gone down by others"
"I ordered two ""Rainbow Loom"" sets and expected to get what was pictured. No where on the listing did it say it was a comparable product. When I opened the box to find some knock off brand, I was very disappointed. I had it shipped to my mother-in-law's house for Christmas for my nieces. Had I been able to see what product arrived in time to return and re-buy for Christmas, I would have. I feel this was very dishonest to sell a less superior product as Rainbow Loom."
"I have 6 grandkids.  They all use this loom, and they were very specific that it had to be this one.  It was a unanimous vote.  What they said was ""The other ones don't work""."
"Our granddaughter has loved the Rainbow Loom since she got her first one early last fall.  She made loads of items and then wanted to branch out to wider bracelets and belts, so she needed a second Rainbow Loom to accomplish those designs/items. She found the quality of this very good as compared to her friends non Rainbow Loom knockoffs with a crochet hook made of pliable plastic and not worth using.  Of all the brands that were out on the market, and seeing that many of our granddaughter's have friends with those, and not the original one, we compared and this one is the most sturdy.

This item was used a lot and is still in very good condition so it was well worth the price paid for both of the ones that I bought through Amazon."
This is just what she wanted.  It was actually the 2nd one she received but she did not care.  It was just more of everything. Thank  you.
"One of the plastic rows snapped in half when my kid put it together, I ended up super gluing it back together and I noticed that the mounting pieces that fit the 3 rows together do not fit properly at all. We have another loom that we purchased a while back that has held up fine and still does, so this model/unit that we purchased here is clearly an inferior model.
Be weary of these ""knock off"" brands from overseas especially if you are using the mobile app for Amazon, they are not clear of the offshore-sellers."
"It was exactly as we expected, and they love it. They now know how to make the bracelets by threading them onto their fingers, as well as using the large loom, and the miniature ""to go"" loom that comes with the regular Rainbow Loom."
"Is so awesome I can never Stop ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT
And it is so useful and for bored people fun forever"
"100% Recommended buy!
on time and no problems

Got everything I was supposed to get as advertised
I recommend to anyone who likes making this craft"
"This item is a counterfeit!!!!  The loom is set up backwards, the edges are sharp and it may contain lead.  I had to buy another one at a local store and when I compared the two, it was obvious that the one purchased from Amazon was an inferior product and a fake.  Amazon needs to remove this item.  I have returned the product and am hoping for a full refund."
"This broke within the first few days of using it. It is very cheaply made and not as durable as others. I had to run out and purchase a new one at the local craft store, which was much better made. My daughter was very sad about this. I was very surprised because it's the same brand, but this one sold on Amazon is of much lower quality and nowhere near as durable. It's not worth it to return and to pay for return shipping, so it's money down the drain."
"My daughter loves it! It took some time to figure out, but it was definitely a great purchase. It came very quickly in the mail and I am very pleased with it."
"My kids love this. They play with it for hours and talk about how friends from school are into it as well. It is the IT thing for kids today. Rainbow Loom has everything you need to start making rings, bracelets, or whatever the little kids want. In the long run there will be a need to buy more rubber bans which you can buy from the dollar store. Parents, the only problem is cleaning the rubber bans. For Christmas I bought my 6 year old boy and 7 year old girl each Rainbow Loom plus a batch of bags full of rubber bans. Now each day I have rubber bans on my floor. loll. I still would recommend it, the kids love it."
"Don't waste your money! Thought this was the original product, especially for the price!  Loom broke after just a few days, bands were too thin!"
"don't have much to say about this product-, this was a gift for my niece and she seems to enjoy very much"
"Christmas gift for my son- I am sure when he asked for it, it was because he saw a commercial because it hasn't moved from the corner. But it was packaged well and fairly easy to understand instructions inside"
I had to return this one because it was a FAKE and it had broken parts straight out of the box! Be careful.
"My mother ordered this for me from TJBD Books and Games and I got a very bad counterfeit. I could tell it was a fake just by looking at the packaging. The pictures on it are blurry as if they were taken with an old cell phone camera, the bar code is wrong and it's missing a whole bunch of stuff. Upon opening the package I could see sharp pieces sticking out from the hook and the loom itself. The loom is discolored and doesn't look anything like the real rainbow loom. The only thing in the package that looks even remotely functional is the rubber bands! Buyer beware if you think you may have gotten a fake go to the rainbow loom website they have a pdf that will show you what to look for."
Great loom with excellent quality. Beware of the imitation ones because they break too fast. Bought this for a young lady for Christmas and she was totally happy.
Purchased as a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves using it to make her bracelets for her friends in Japan.
This is junk and I should have read the reviews prior. The arrows are inputted incorrectly everything about this item confused me and my daughter when we started working on it. The pegs don't look right. I can't believe Amazon would allow a counterfeit agency to sell this. Amazon indicates that I can't return this project so it's now going in the trash. This agency should be sued for lying about this being an original item. BBB
This was not an authentic Rainbow Loom.  The pegs were sharp and the plastic/chemical smell was horrible.  I sent it back right away and went to Michaels to get a 'real' one.  Amazed by the difference in quality.  Not worth the $2.00 you save getting a fake.  Go get the real thing!
"these are so cool bought one for all the granddaughters and my self
easy ti make bracelets so many designs to make"
"I should read all the review b4 order.  Ordered 2 for my kids, they have sharp edges which leaves cut on my kids fingers.  Not recommend to anyone.  If you want to get one for your kids, go to Michael's, JoAnn or Hobby Lobby... They carry the original one."
pretty simple deal my daughter uses it alot i did order extra stuff so I wouldnt be bothered after her making how ever it comes with
I can tell this was not a rainbow loom but it is made very well and is holding up good so far.
This is a fake.  There are none of the markings that the real Rainbow Loom has (I've put them side by side and they are different).  It hasn't broken on us yet but I'm really mad not just buying the real loom off their own website - same price in the end.  DO NOT GIVE THIS SELLER ANY MORE OF YOUR MONEY.  BUY THE REAL THING!  I should have known something was strange after I checked out and it said it was shipping from China.
"If you have a child or grandchild or niece or nephew or neighbor (okay you get it) in the range of 1st to 8th grade, this is the gift to get!  Hours and hours of self entertainment.  My daughter makes a new one everyday and brings it to school for a different friend, and then she comes home with a new one from a different friend.  It's so cute to see them being creative and generous at the same time."
all the kids are into making rubber band bracelets.  the rainbow loom makes it so easy and fast to make them.
It broken when I received it. I like the colors of the band it came with but to bad I can't use them
Kids love this . They stay quiet for hours. This really hold their attention and there is enough for more than one child.
"This is not the real thing. It's cheap and ours was broken when we opened it.  Please don't waste your money. I can't believe Amazon allows this item to be sold, a complete scam made to look like the real thing.  I've lost much confidence in Amazon as a result.  Shame on Amazon!"
"Its not a knockoff I purchased a few loom kits.  One loom broke apart, another loom kit keeps coming apart.  This one is perfect it is solid.  And it easy to work with."
The item broke when my daughter started using it. I was not very happy with the item. I ended up buying it from Michaels.
"If you're looking for the real deal, this is not it.  This is a fake. Do not purchase this item. Period."
"Horrible product. Broke right out of the package. I moved the pegs into position as I removed the center strip it cracked in half. The plastic is thin and cheap. This is not a real rainbow loom, nor does it have their product stamp. I wish I could return this and get my money back!!"
The Rainbow bands are by far the best. The loom is nothing special but the additional cost for the Rainbow bands is worth it.
This gift made me the grandma of the year. He loved it and plays with it for hours. At first I didn't understand why and then remembered all of the stupid potholders we used to make with our looms.
Our 10 year old girl loves it.  She makes us bracelets all the time.  Great gift just buy it already.  :)
"bought 4.  2 real, 2 fake...  My 8 and 9 year old daughters could tell immediately, that they fake were FAKE!"
Very pleased with the service and product.  We have bought multiple looms for our kids and this is the best one by far.
"This is the brand-name item. I am very satisfied with it and would purchase it again. It has 1 hook and a fishtail bracelet maker, and 600 starting bands with c-clips."
"My grandson wanted it.  I got my granddaughter a different one.  I also ordered extra rubber bands &  clips at the same time!  He loves it and is very creative and made awesome patterns.  Now my other Grandkids want one too!  Great inexpensive project that makes a kid think instead of watching TV or playing video games all day!  Product came in on time.  I recommend this highly!  I was a teacher for quite a while and at least making patterns, etc. challenges the mind in a fun way!"
"I received a Rainbow Loom that claims to be official but is not. There are no imprints on the base plates or hook. There is no red arrow on the loom and the bands and C-Clips are fake. When I received the package the hook was broken, one of the loom pieces was cracked in half, and there were only seven C-Clips and there claims to be ten. Also, when I attempted to use the product I noticed that one of the pins were broken and sharp, it cut my finger and made me bleed."
"My daughter gave this to her sister for Christmas, because all her friends had one and she likes to make these bracelets with her friends without the loom...thought the loom would make it more fun.  She opened it and was immediately frustrated because the loom inside looks different from the picture and the instructions didn't seem to fit the loom inside. The loom was unusable the way it came out of the box, so it sat around while she thought about it and I processed a return with Amazon.  Ultimately, one of her friends who had a similar loom told her she needed to take the loom apart and reconnect it to make it usable, but by this point she had made more bracelets without it and it had lost it's appeal.  It was a disappointing Christmas gift because of the poor directions and the way it looks nothing like the one on the box or instructions (color or otherwise). I find the rubber bracelets annoying to wear,  as they pull your skin and any hair that you may have on your arm just like a rubber band.  We returned it and plan to focus on the bracelet kits with yarn or embroidery thread.  Amazon did make the return very easy...just waiting on the refund."
"This is a Nice Product. This product is, as described in adv and does as it is said in adv."
The Rainbow Loom product sent to me was counterfeit.  It broke three hours in to using it.  I took my daughter to Michaels the next day to purchase a real Rainbow Loom and the differences were significant.
Difficult for little fingers to use.  I was a little disappointed with the quality of the material it is made from and am not sure how long it will last for the age of children using it.
"Great product, grandson received a cheaper brand elsewhere & this one was much better in quality & performance.  Kids could tell a big difference."
"This item was a cheap knockoff, warped pins, bases kept falling out, no Rainbow Loom markings like on the authentic, smells odd, very sharp edges."
Item doesn't match pictures. Bad material.  My daughter broke it in 30 minutes. Do not buy. You will be disappointed.
"Grand daughter loves it!  Keeps her occupied (and quiet) for hours.
Well worth the money.  Bands are readily available locally."
"My daughter (12yrs) has 2 of the non-Rainbow brand looms and got this for my son (10yrs) for Xmas.  They say the Rainbow loom is the best one.  They make tons of bracelets, headbands, necklaces, etc.  It is a fun activity for home, in the car as it is easy to take along.  They bought a plastic bin to separate the rubber band colors and keep everything in it for easy storage.  I still find these little rubber bands all over my house, but this keeps them busy and happy for long periods of time."
It came earlier than expected. Fast shipping.  Kids loved it!! AmAmazing how creative they get with these bands.  Highly recommended
I have a happy little girl.  Bought the rainbow loom for my daughter and the multicolor bands made even more bracelets. She had a good Christmas
"I thought my daughter would be able to do this, but at 6 years old, she doesn't quite have the finger dexterity.  I'm sure the box said it was for children 8 and up or something, so definitely not blaming anyone but myself ;)  Will save it for a year or two and see if she wants to try again!"
This loom is very sturdy and has survived a lot of drops from my daughter dropping it.  It also stands up to the stress of the loom bands and does not have weak spots like many other looms do.  The loom has a very sturdy leg stands and offers my daughter hours of fun.  She loves using it so much I am constantly having to order more bands.  Great product!
"My Granddaughter loves this loom and is always making braclets for family and friends. I love to see her play with this, betten then using an iPod for iPad."
My grandkids are getting a lot from leaning to do this. They love the loom and have made many bracelets.
"It's easy to see why this is the new trend for kids, because you can make fun 'jewelry' out of inexpensive materials.  Boys love them too, and it's nice to have gender-neutral activities in a day of increasing gender stratification in activities."
"My daughter loves it. Great product. We had accidentally bought a knock off brand and she could not make different kinds of bracelets, so I ordered the original rainbow loom and she has not stopped with her possibilities."
"this is the ONLY loom that should be for sale...it offers so many more options than the others.  along with You Tube instructions, my 11 year old, granddaughter has made EVERYTHING you can imagine.  Even 3 dimensional items!"
I got it for the grandkids as a gift.. and they seem to like it.. They already have put two of them together to make a bigger loom.. so I guess it a yea!!!
"Just realized what I received was a fake. Did not include mini-loom as pictured. I bought several of these for Christmas at separate times and now hoping they were the real thing. I was  careful to shop for the Rainbow loom brand name.

Very disappointed that Amazon continues to do business  with these suppliers. I didn't attempt a return as I see so Manny others are frustrated with the level of customer service. Guess this is lesson learned about trying to save money - you get what you pay for, right?"
This product is junk. It's fragile. Has Sharp ends. Don't waste your money. The bases break. This is stupid junk
Bought for a gift for our 12 year old daughter and she has not put it down since she opened it. Its very easy for kids to get the hang of.
This is not the real or right rainbow loom this is a hoaxe! All the send u is a cheapy tiny loom that broke into two parts when I first used it to make a triple single! Overall do not buy!
"Counterfeit product, buyer beware!  This is the second rainbow loom I have ordered from amazon.  The first was a Christmas present and was an original rainbow loom.  It worked great.  The second was a birthday present and was made backwards among other issues.  The official rainbow loom website is warning everyone that counterfeits are being sold and how to spot one.  I was very surprised to get a counterfeit from amazon!!!"
"One great invention. My daughter got this for Christmas. She is often found sitting with it, focused but relaxed in a creative activity. She has made items for friends and family. I even found it pretty relaxing myself, trying out new patterns after she is already in bed. Great item!"
"Grandkids love  and make new bracelets, necklaces and rings every week. The 8 year old boy has figured out how to make the more difficult patterns and likes it as well if not more than 6 yr. old sister. She is catching on to some of the harder patterns and  they both spend a lot of time with this creative loom."
Bought this for my 7-year-old niece  it was her favorite Christmas gift... lost of fun & very do-able!  She'll be getting more bands & a container for her bday...
Bought this for my daughter and when I received it there was no mini loom in the box and it seemed really cheap. Then I was looking for another one but this time I did a little research first and found out there are many fake rainbow looms on the market and the one I got from amazon was a counterfeit. The next one I purchased came right from rainbow looms website. The quality was much higher on the loom that came right from rainbow looms website. There site also shows you how to tell a fake from the real thing.
Stay clear of this one. It has sharp edges and is not up to snuff. Do yourself a favor and go to the official Rainbow Loom site and order direct. It is a little more expensive but it is a lot better quality and you won't be giving money to a bunch of thieves and cheaters. I'm surprised that Amazon has not taken this down yet.
"The arrows were pointing in the opposite direction that they were supposed to.  I figured it would not matter we would just flip it around, but then the tubes were the opposite direction so my daughter had a hard time.  When she used other friends' she had no problem.  So I sent it back but there was no problem with the return.  Thank you."
"the loom being the latest fad had gone over well with my grandchildren.
They have made many of the bands and give them to friends and family including me."
"Ordered this product as a gift for my daughter. The product arrived as advertised. The cost was reasonable. One issue that I was not pleased with. When I ordered this, nowhere was it stated the it would be shipping from the United Kingdom. If I had known this, I would have ordered from a company in the United States. Luckily, it arrived in time for Christmas."
The Rainbow Loom received is not a VERY CHEAP and dangerous imitation of the actual product.  Sharp edges and flimsy plastic parts that aren't made to work together.
They were just right and I have been using them up.  Enjoy crafting and have been having fun making the bracelets.
I purchased the Rainbow Loom for him for Christmas and he has enjoyed making the bracelets.  At first it looked a little complicated but once he figured out how to use it he has made bracelets for the whole family.  I think it's a great brain toy!
"This was not an authentic Rainbow Loom. I have another one that was ordered from the official Rainbow Loom website and this one looks very different.  It doesn't have the ""starter peg"" or the ""red arrow guide"" like the authentic Rainbow Loom. Even the overall pattern of pegs is different (this one is completely even on both ends instead of staggered like the real Rainbow Loom).  It was unusable."
My child was happy with the product.  It can do more than (make different things) the other loom she had gotten
It gets quite addictive for a first time Rainbow Loomer.  I suggest getting some kind of storage bin organizer to separate all the different colors and keep them from being scattered all around.  I was surprised there were actually a whole bunch of YouTube videos showing the many creative ways my daughter was able to use Rainbow Loom!
Great - it does exactly as described and has great colors and works for what it's intended use is...thank you.
I received my loom on Monday and it broke on Wednesday. The plastic loom is cheapy made. I will not ever buy from this company again. the piece to replace the bar cost like 5 dollars to replace it...the 4 little blue pieces holding the loom together are cheap also....NOT WITH THE MONEY ...
This is not the same product as a rainbow loom - very dishonest!!  I would not recommend buying this product.
"you can take the middle part of the loom apart, and when we did it broke, so we were very disappointed"
This bracelet maker is a very good thing it's also so so so so easy go make a lot of things
THIS IS A FAKE RAINBOW LOOM.  Do not buy this.  We had the original and my son broke a piece off of the original.  Tried to replace it with this one - definitely NOT the real deal.
"I was expecting an actual RAINBOW LOOM BRAND when I ordered this item.  It was to be an extension for our existing RAINBOW LOOM and it will not fit, therefore it can't be used to extend our existing loom.  I will NEVER purchase from this company again and will be sure to tell my friends and family who are Amazon customers to steer clear of them as well.  The product described is NOT what I ordered.  BAD BUSINESS!!!"
I am very disapointed in my rainbow loom. It is made of flimsy plastic and looks very cheaply made. We figured out that this one was made before they  patented the loom so they are much better now but I'm not happy to be stuck with the old version.
Great fun grandchildren love to play with the rainbow for hours at a time!  They make bands for all their friends
I purchased this loom for both of my granddaughters for xmas.  They love this thing. They play with it for hours.
"Horrible horrible!!! Waited three weeks for it to arrive only for it to be in pieces! Additionally,  the 4400 rubber bands are no seperated! It comes with an organizer but you must seperate the 4400 bands yourself. Never ever again will I order from this company! !!!"
I've read about a lot of people looms breaking and to stick with the Rainbow Loom brand. I must agree with everyone who wrote those reviews.  We've had this since christmas and it is still in one piece.  The only thing i'd recommend is getting more rubber bands.
This is the real deal.  Great price and the bands and loom are well made.  My son loves to make bracelets and uses this over and over.
"I bought two of these for my grand kids who are old enough to follow the directions, and in both cases the plastic broke after minimal use.  This was not a counterfeit package I received.  I contacted the seller about the issue and am awaiting a response.  BE WARNED."
If you are looking for the real RAINBOW LOOM do not buy this one. IT IS A KNOCK OFF It is sold as the real one but it is not. I will not buy a thing from this company again I cant believe AMAZON lets trash like be sold here
"My kids have spent hours upon hours making bracelets and building other projects.  The rainbow loom system has very small parts so caution should be used (as with any toy).  The loom seems to be of decent quality and has lasted a few months of heavy use already.  The whole system should last for a while, only needed added bands and clips."
"I decided to order this from amazon, ignoring the reviews about counterfeit looms and everything.  I received it promptly, and exactly on time.  It was well packaged, and came in the mail.  I opened it to see how it worked.  I have made beautiful bracelets with it.  It is in perfect shape.  I have dropped it quite a few times, but the plastic is very durable.  Recently, I purchased a loom half off ($8) from a vendor at the mall.  I compared them at home, and found that the one from amazon was very smooth, and well molded, while the one from the mall was cheap, and the hook was twisted a bit.  Over all, this loom is high quality and I would definitely buy it again!"
"Love the loom and love this product. Many have complained about other off brands, but I absolutely love my Rainbow loom. Perfect for my kids as it has the arrows on it for which side to start."
My daughter uses this loom and say sit is great and easy to use.  It came with lots of bands and easy sturdy.
I purchased this Rainbow Loom for my daughters and not only did it arrive broken- but it is a counterfeit !!! My daughter immediately recognized that it did not look like a true Rainbow Loom and after visiting the Rainbow Loom site it was confirmed. Very disappointed.
"BEWARE This is a knock off and cheap imitation. The hook doesn't have Rainbow Loom written in raised letters.  The loom bars will not fit into the rainbow loom organizers sold at Michaels (the real Rainbow Loom) does.  Instead of blue connectors, these have green bars that barely hold the loom together. This loom breaks easily. This was purchased from Universal Gifts and Toys.  I contacted Amazon Customer Service and they are refunding my money and sent me a return shipping label.  They also said they were opening an investigation.  If you received a counterfeit, contact Amazon and let them know!"
What a fun and great little product for kids.  I cannot even county how many of these I purchased during the holidays.  Each kiddo I bought it for absolutely loved it.  I've even seen a few adults enjoy it.  The quality of the rubber bands is much better then some of the cheaper versions I've seen at the big box stores. You can definitely tell the difference between this and product and other imitation versions out there.  The price on Amazon is right on par and often even cheaper then at stores like Michael's.  It's easy to locate replacement bands as well. Great gift.
My 7 year old son wanted this product for a while and is very happy with it. He enjoys the various bracelets that he is able to create with Rainbow Loom
The item sent was not what was being pictured  . It's a Chinese knockoff called galaxy loom. The original is made in USA and it's called rainbow loom.
"It could come with more elastic bands, but my daughter loved it anyway. There are lots of videos on Internet to teach quite a few different styles of bracelets."
"i gave it 3 stars because its closest to the middle, the reason for that being that id give the 1st loom i got 5 stars and the 2nd one i got 1 or 2..
i ordered the 1st one about two weeks before the 2nd and the 1st one was ordered from the rainbow loom people came in great shape and was the real deal
i just got the 2nd one today that i ordered from Better Trading and the box looked the same only longer and the colors were a bit off, thought that was strange and then i saw the loom which was definitely not a genuine rainbow loom it was longer and fragile looking
though it actually wouldn't be so bad if it was compatible with the loom i have but its not, also the bottom pieces that hold the top part together are a joke.
the box also had a cheep version of the hook and instructions on a basic bracelet that look just like the originals except for the colors being brighter.
only positive things i can say about the 2nd loom is it came with all the parts and the bands look pretty good.."
"This Rainbow Loom is a fake!!  While it looked similar, the quality is very poor, in fact the item arrived broken.  Both the box and instructions contained many spelling and grammatical errors.  I promptly returned the item for a refund and purchased the REAL Rainbow Loom locally.
Buyer beware!"
O ordered this and when I received it I wasn't happy it is a fake and it will not interlock with the real rainbow.  I did return it and no problems getting a refund.  This loom is ok if it's the only one you have but you can not connect it to the authentic rainbow loom.
"I have been looking at these , finally bought one it is fun to work with, can make many different bracelets, and my granddaoghter
has also been making them for her and friends.."
"I was so disapointed to receive this in the mail.  I had bought it for a birthday gift, using amazon prime.  Thought that I would save myself some time from having to go to the store and buy it.  BIG MISTAKE!  I am sending this back and will now go to Michael's to buy the real thing!  What a joke!"
it went to my local dollar store and its so happen to come across this kit for $1 yet you're selling it for 15
"On impulse, I bought a bunch of looms for Christmas from a brick and mortar store (An amazon prime member went to a store?  Unbelievable, but true.) the kids were thrilled to open and use them, but within a month, they were all broken.  So I came back here to wonderful Amazon to buy the real ones.  They are so much sturdier they are even heavier than the cheap knock-offs.
The kids all love them, it's not tv or a video game, it's quiet and calming and the little kids are very proud to be able to make gifts for loved ones.  As fads go, this is one to jump on.  Let's hope they transition to a crochet or knitting fad because those little bands are everywhere!
I ordered this from Amazon last week, and it's the real one.

Edit: Rainbow Loom has updated their product with a metal hook instead of a plastic hook.  The new hook is really nice, so its worth paying an extra few bucks for the newer kit.

Please ""like"" this review if you found it useful so others will see it."
"Update...It appears that Amazon has changed sellers and this current sell might be offering the authentic product.  I am not sure if it is original or not.  I do know for a fact (email received for seller) that the ""Rainbow Loom"" I received was counterfeit.

It appears that this is a copy of the original.  Will try to add images to show the differences.  Amazon you should not offer this product for sale.

This company attempts to replicate the original from the box to instructions.  Big tip off is that the ""Fake"" does not list the US Patent Number on the box or instructions and the loom itself.

Funny thing is that the real product is offered at the Retail Location or online for near or less than what Amazon offers it for.

Do not disappoint your kids with this item, purchase the genuine item."
"One reason the Rainbow Loom is special is because you can make cool bracelets.  A second reason it is special is because the rubber bands come in different colors. A last reason it is special is because there is not just one kind of bracelet, so it is not boring.

One drawback is that the rubber bands break.  A second drawback is that some of the bands that say they glow in the dark actually don't.  A last drawback is that if a baby eats the rubber bands, they will hurt him.  The rubber bands get everywhere, and babies are curious!"
"I wish I would have read the reviews. I had no idea there were people out there selling counterfeit products. I let my son purchase this not knowing. I thought if it says Rainbow Loom, it is a Rainbow Loom.

This is counterfeit. He has a real Rainbow Loom that he purchased at Michael's. The two sets don't fit together. The hook from this kit is bending and will soon snap off.

I will soon be following the steps on Rainbow Loom's website to report this seller to authorities as suggested."
"The original Rainbow Loom product is great. My son loves it. However, I purchased two and LULUO INC sold me a cheap, phony, knockoff of the real product. There are no directional arrows. The plastic parts have sharp edges that cut your hands.

There are telltale signs on the packaging of the imposter including: no registered trademark symbol, no UPC barcode, no ""Rainbow Loom (R) by Choon's Design LLC USA"" on the box."
"I have bad experience with buying that fake Rainbow Loom... I was thinking I would buy the original loom rainbom, but on the same day it is delivered to the mail and my daughter start to use, this thing broke!!!!!she had experence with another that if I buy a local Walamart, so she really knows how to use! and this Fake think it broke!!!! What a desilution and don't talk about how much to wait nearly a month to get it and what I buy is a loom rainbow FAKE!!! I buy this because my daughter asked me for the originaly...I bought it but never worked... :("
My daughter enjoys making a variety of bracelets. She has used the loom every day since I bought it for her.
"There is not alternative to the original rainbow loom. The kids love it and it keeps them busy, do not buy the other off brands they do not work, we have tried them and eventually bought the original."
"It is a good product but the only thing I wish they would do more is offer more than two ways to do it.  The boys like to try different
ways to work it."
"I purchased two of these, one for each granddaughter.  They love making bracelets, and other things with their looms.  They have even made bracelets for their dolls.  They were Christmas gifts, and they love them."
I think this product is great cause...well it's just great! I've made many rainbow loom bracelets! We all really love the rainbow loom!
I bought 2 looms so we could put them together and make larger things. When the would not fit together I contacted Rainbow Loom directly. The asked for pictures and I sent them. I was informed that I bought counterfeit items. Do not buy from this seller.
"Got a counterfeit one today!!! Be careful, could be done harmful products!! The rainbow loom website says to report all counterfeits to homeland security"
I love my rainbow loom. I've enjoyed making bracelets for everyone. This loom is top of the line and very durable. Love that it's interchangeable.
"First of all let me tell you that I love Amazon, their products, their prices, their customer service, you name it! But at this time if you care about your children and I bet you do, don't buy the Rainbow Loom from Amazon, and it's not because of Amazon, it's because it's only available from third party sellers (even if Amazon is fulfilling the order, stay away of it). As you can see in several reviews most of them are counterfeited, and I really don't understand how it's possible that  Amazon allows something like this!

My daughter was really excited when she saw the Rainbow Loom at her cousin's house, so I came to my shopping all stop, Amazon. I inspected the package before my daughter got back from school, and it didn't take me long enough to realize that this was a counterfeited item.

Intermediately I called Amazon and I'm getting my money back, I bought it from Better Trading and it was fulfilled by Amazon. I wonder if Amazon and the sellers are aware that this item is for little girls? I'm sure it didn't pass any safety inspection, most likely has lead or some other chemical that is not safe for children.

Do yourself a favor and don't buy it from Amazon, just go to your local Michael's and get the real deal. I've posted some pictures so you can see the differences."
The seller is selling counterfeit Rainbow Looms.  I am not sure if they are aware of it but they are not real.  Google search counterfeit Rainbow Looms and you will see it is not the real thing.  Don't buy!!  But the real thing from a local craft store like Michaels.
Nice simple and fun it takes out the creative side of my daughter I know she loves it. It gets her exited.
"This product shipped directly from China when I ordered in early November and arrived just before Christmas.  It appears that we got factory seconds.  The arrows aren't painted (they are slightly visible in the molded plastic) and some pegs were broken.  This is the exact same product as one I had already purchased in a store, but the two I received from amazon were defective in the ways mentioned above."
"I purchased this because the subtitle said by Rainbow Loom and at first glance the image of the box looks like the official Rainbow Loom kit. I have 4 of the official Rainbow Looms so I know what they are supposed to look like. When I received this item from Better Trading, it was a cheap fake version. The picture on the front is blurry, the back looks different with a different picture, and the registered trademark symbol is missing from the front of the box. After opening it, I can see that the rubber bands are different colors than the official bands and the plastic bag does not say Rainbow Loom. The loom itself is made of cheap plastic and the bases included are much smaller than the real one. I am very disappointed, and I have one very disappointed girl who was waiting for her Rainbow Loom."
"Purchased a Rainbow Loom from Avgard Toys, fulfilled by amazon. I received a counterfeit loom, just like many other reviewers here.

The box was fake, I compared it to the photo on the Amazon page and it was similar, but obviously fake. Inside the box was a loom that looked nothing like the Rainbow loom we got at our local craft store. It was Green, did not have the red arrow and had no embossed logos. The hook was different as well. S clips instead of C clips like in a real Rainbow Loom.

Double check your loom when it arrives, many third party sellers are sending counterfeits."
"This is not the original rainbow loom. It's a counterfeit. The box looks the same, but the loom is far from the original's quality. Beware!!!"
"I ordered two looms and both came in the ""Real"" rainbow loom box,  the box even pictures the real loom. The pictures however were very blurry. When I opened the box I was upset at what I saw. The loom was cheap plastic, and the base was only 4 1 by 1 blue pieces. You can't even connect them to each other. Whatever you do, don't by from this seller!!!!"
"This is not a real rainbow loom product, just a knckoff. Thin plastic that is easily broken. Breaks the rubber bands. Harder to pull the rubber bands off."
The loom that was shipped to me was a counterfeit and the box certainly did not look like the one pictured above.  No where on the product was there a name printed on it.  I have already filled out a form for Homeland Security.  You may want to look into this company that sold it.
"DO NOT BUY!!! This is not the real Rainbow Loom. The pegs will scratch you, they are in the wrong direction.  When you take the rows apart (which is supposed to be OK since you need to add/remove rows for different styles) it will break.  There is no red arrow.  This is the worst.  I bought a real one at a local craft store and what a world of difference.  Yes, the real one will keep your kids involved for hours, they will be excited to try new styles and show off to their friends and family,  The real one is such a great toy for kids and keeps them off the screen!  My kids choose this over Xbox! Its crazy.  I would NOT buy this on Amazon.  Please go to a local craft of hobby store or buy online from a craft store if you are in a rural area.  Do NOT I repeat DO NOT buy this one.  Its sad that Amazon still carries it and allows it to be sold after so many recent negative reviews.  I suspect the positive reviews are either fake or are based on the real one."
Was disappointed to find out this was a knock off. The hook broke after minimal use. Should of bought at Michael.
This is not a real Rainbow Loom.  We have 2 other original Rainbow Loom's and this is far from a real one.  This is being returned!!!!  Cheap piece of garbage.
"Broken upon arrival, broke more after that. Not strong plastic, which you need for a job like this one! Fail."
"This is a cheap knock off and will not connect to an actual Rainbow Loom!!! Very unsatisfied customer, false advertising!!"
"Very good product. My niece love it the only bad thing is that the instructions are not very clear, we had to go to you tube and watched the instructions."
"Sorry but it's a knock off. It broke right away. Comparing to the one we got at Micheals for 3 dollars more, the fake one was missing the official Rainbow Loom logo, the red arrow that points up and down, and the plastic pieces fitted so tightly that it was almost impossible to remove them. They break easily too. The hook had a poor quality too and broke right away. Why does Amazon sell fakes?"
"It's a fake.  It had sharp edges, did not have the blue direction arrows on it like the original.  I went online to find directions on how to make some different kind of braclets and came across a websit that helps identify the phonies.  My daughter was still happy with it anyway."
Very disappointed.  A complete waste of money. Don't buy from Better Trading if you are looking for the Original Loom.
This is a counterfeit and can be hazardous to little kids with sharp edges.  My sister has the original one and does not look like the one I received.  This person is very tricky because the picture on the website is of the original rainbow loom. I'm disappointed.
"the one from AJ's fulfilled by Amazon is a knock-off. The pegs are sharp!, one of them was too short, and it was put together improperly! facing wrong way/lined up incorrectly - so that you can't even follow simplest directions using it!!"
I love them. Because they are so fun and cool. I learned them almost all in ONE DAY!!!!!!!!!!!You should get them. You will love them sooooooooooooooooo much fun. And even if you are just starting you can lean like that!!!!!!!love Caroline!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought other looms in toys r us and no one as good as it because this one cans move the parts. My daughter says this looms let her do many kinds of bracelets.
"I gave this 3 stars because the item itself is great, 5 stars.  But I got this as a gift only to find out its $16.99 at Learning Express.  I hate finding out that a product is offered cheaper somewhere else and that i just got ripped off."
"I bought these as gifts that were sent out of state. I found out the picture on the box does not match contents as it is a fake with a copy of the box art. Amazon should not be allowed to be listed as a Rianbow Loom product. And the worst is that because they were opened and used by my nieces, I can't even return for a refund. Amazon needs to check out third party seller listings more fully, especially when they are doing the actual shipping under Prime!!!"
"Keeps her entertained for hours and it's easy for her to search ""How To"" videos on YouTube.  You must get it!"
"I ordered the Rainbow Loom just before Christmas from ""Friendly Company"".
I had to return the loom as it was a counterfeit.
See: http://www.rainbowloom.com/sites/default/files/Danger_of_counterfeits_and_how_to_spot_them.pdf

It did not have any embossed logo under the main blue plate, the edges were sharp etc...
Trying again from a different seller - hoping to be luckier."
"Purchased from Better Trading.  Even though the item is described as a Rainbow Loom, it was in a box that attempted to look like the authentic box but the picture was very fuzzy.  The loom and hook tool did not have Rainbow Loom stamped on them like authentic rainbow loom.  The loom itself was very flimsy and thin....and even about an inch longer than it should be.  Returning ASAP and buying locally."
"Make sure you buy from Rainbow Loom directly. I too received a counterfeit product from the seller Lake Lanier Specials. The loom was broken (two of the pegs were floating around the box) and backwards (the arrows point in the wrong direction). I wish I would have paid an extra $4, and saved myself a trip to the post office to return it and another trip to Michaels to purchase a legit product."
"This product is not a genuine Rainbow Loom! I bought this one and gave it with two others purchased from local craft store chain to three sisters who are my granddaughters. This one purchased from Amazon is poor quality and has broken very early in its use. I may post more to this after I have a chance to compare these side by side; I am very familiar with plastic manufacturing processes and it will be interesting to see how, one more time, poor products have traveled to us across the wide Pacific Ocean. Very disappointed that Amazon supports dealers of poor quality knock-offs like this."
"I have 2 granddaughter that are the perfect age for this craft, 7 and 8.  They both love it and spend a lot of time making rings and bracelets."
Fave kind of loom. Love it! It is cool because I like all the bracelets that you can make with it. My favorite is the triple single
"I bought this as a christmas gift for my little sister, and she absolutely loves it. She makes tons of cute rubber band bracelets with almost no effort, and she is only ten years old!!"
what a wonderful invention. I would've liked receiving this myself as a child. it will add to my niece's capabilities. she enjoys making things.
This loom  is a counterfeit!!  Do not buy this if you want the product to last longer than 1 month.  It does not have the red arrow like the real Rainbow Loom and the edges of pins are rough and not smooth like the original. The pins will break off easily leaving this product with sharp edges and dangerous for kids.
This was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she loves it !  She enjoys making bracelets for family and friends.
This is what my 10-yr. old son wanted for his birthday and he has spent hours making bracelets for everybody.  I like it much better than him zoning out to video games.  At least it challenges his mind instead of just giving him an activity to keep him occupied.
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves this loom.  She goes on line and gets instructions on how to make all kinds of bracelets.  Instructions are included with the loom.
"This appears to be a genuine rainbow loom ..Until you get it. My daughter was very disappointed, we had to send it back and order from another place."
"I never write reviews but had to warn others. I purchased this as a second loom for my daughter who wants to do more advanced projects and needs two.

I didn't heed the advice of the other reviews that said this was not, in fact, a real rainbow loom, because A. My daughter said the box was identical and B. when I clicked the link I saw the banner that said I had ordered this product back in December (when I bought her first one).

Either the supplier is now stuffing knock off's into the same box or is gaming Amazon's algorithms- either way this is not the real rainbow loom- it won't function like the rainbow loom and also came with broken parts. Beware."
"This is the real deal.  This is perfect.  Cheaper here than at our local Michael's and Hobby Lobby doesn't carry it.  My daughter loves it.  Shes nine.  Shes making bracelets, necklaces, animals and more.  Rainbow Loom has links to instructions online.  Its a great craft project for kids.

UPDATE:  February 6, 2014
I just wanted to update my review to say we went ahead and purchased another at Michael's (sale)  and there are minor differences with the two looms.

I know there is some controversy over counterfeit looms and I looked at the pdf put out by Rainbow Loom and still think that even with the minor differences they both are original.

I purchased on Amazon Oct 2013/ Michael's Jan 2014

I took pictures but cannot post."
"The rainbow loom I got was sturdy, the rows came out ,did not have a smell it was great. It came with a loom,hook, mini loom,rubber bands,and clips"
"We gave this Rainbow Loom to our granddaughter for Christmas, and she has been making bracelets and other items with it non-stop.  It helps that there are now instruction books published, which have countless ideas and instructions for creating a variety of items.  This makes the loom even more versatile and fun.  Our granddaughter takes her loom and box of rubber bands just about everywhere she goes, so she can always be making something.
  One of the plastic hooks broke, but she figures she will use a metal crochet hook in its place.
  This has been a big hit."
My daughter loves this and has been using it since she opened it christmas day. The loom is nice- plastic pieces are sturdy and smooth unlike the previous loom I ordered which was defective and broken with ragged edges ( Sonic loom from Choon).
"Rainbow Loom helps children learn to follow instructions and helps with eyes and hands.  I would suggest internet access if buying this product.
W. Davies"
"Bought for my granddaughter, she loves it, started off slow, but now she is a bracelet making champ. You get a bracelet,you get a bracelet, everybody gets a bracelet"
"This is not a real Rainbow Loom!! In addition to not meeting all of the US safety standards, the pegs on the one I got were backwards, making it impossible to make anything but the basic bracelet!"
"I bought this as a gift for my granddaugher for Christmas.  She loves making these bracelets, but the loom broke and I had to replace it.  The plastic is not very durable.  These need to be made with a higher quality of plastic."
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my daughter but didn't realize it was a knockoff until I purchased another Rainbow Loom from Michaels for my son and noticed the differences. The packaging was nearly identical and the instructions are actually identical, but in comparison, this product is noticeably different and is set up differently than the real thing. It's headed for the trash."
"Rainbow Loom as a Christmas gift was a success. My niece requested it, and if she is happy then I am happy with the purchase"
"This product got me father of the year at least in the eyes of my two daughters.  The package arrived in time for Christmas and provided two little girls the chance to light up, like a rainbow."
This is a wonderful toy or gift for girls who love making bracelets! My daughter and her friends had a play day and they were absolutely in love with these. They're a little tricky to make so you should probably get them a guide!
I was reading the reviews on the this product and i got very nervous that it was not the real rainbow loom. I went on there website and the rainbow loom is about $1.50 more and another $2 for shipping but you know for sure your are getting the real deal and not a fake and unsafe products. I would suggest to but it straight from rainbow loom so you get the real product for a couple extra dollars instead of getting the fake one cheaper and having it break in a couple days and having to spend another $15 to replace it.
"We have a rainbow loom purchased directly from the company and it's wonderful, my daughter loves it.  Although toy wiz promptly shipped us this product we were disappointed to find that this loom is cheap, lighter plastic, did not look anything like the original, and was missing parts."
"I don't really know about this. I did not actually get the thing, just read some reviews, and all the reviews that rated it 3 or more were not real pages. All the other ones say that the edges are to sharp, and iys not the real thing. I would not get it would if i were you."
"I wish I could give it 0 stars. It shows the real one but it's not!!!!!!!!!! I'm 11 and love my REAL loom, I wanted a second loom but I was fooled! Go to the rainbow loom website and learn where to really buy it. I won't buy a second loom from amazon. I'm really disappointed."
"First of all, let me say that I would rate the ORIGINAL RAINBOW LOOM by Choon 5 stars!!  My kids and I both love it.  The loom is high quality, durable, and the bands sold by Choon are the best quality I've found in several different varieties.

That being said, the Looms being sold on this link ARE NOT THE RAINBOW LOOM sold and copyrighted by Choon's Design LLC.  And the seller varies EVERY TIME you click this link (SHAME ON YOU, AMAZON!!).  (If you are looking for the Original Rainbow Loom, I recommend ordering it from Choon online, or from your local craft store.  You can spot a counterfeit this way - [...])

I ordered 2 (off this site) for my daughters for Christmas.  The looms I received were of a very inferior quality.  They were harsh and abrasive and caught the bands as they were being looped or pulled off.  The hooks are not durable and bend easily.  If you are making a bracelet that requires a lot of bands, the loom bends and cracks with even the smallest bit of extra pressure.  My younger daughter's loom broke the 3rd time she used it.  Snapped into several pieces and had very sharp edges.  I ended up buying the Original Rainbow Loom at my local Michael's store, and the difference in quality is astounding.

My final piece of advice...  DEFINITELY buy the Rainbow Loom by Choon's Design LLC, as well as the bands.  DO NOT buy the Rainbow Loom on this link."
"Everyone at school, boys and girls, were nuts over this, and my middle school son loved it.  The other brand looms break too easily due to too few connection points."
My kids have made bracelets for everyone who has a pulse and lives within 5 miles of our house.  There's even a necklace for the dog and some rings going around. Thank you for inventing this toy and giving my kids a CRAFT they can be successful at!!!
"Some Christmas present ! Broken mess! Very disappointed! My daughter said that many other looms were knock offs and be sure and buy this one. It took from Dec. . 3 to the 21st to get it!  Found out they sold the same thing in a store a half mile away. So I took my grandson right over there and bought him another one, cheaper, with an excuse of how sometimes things can get crunched on Santa's sleigh. Very disappointed !!!"
This was a Christmas present for my 7 year old granddaughter.  Turned out I had to order another one for my 14 year old granddaughter as she too loved it.  This is something that can be as simple as you want and as complicated as you want.  I ended up ordering another one for myself and we all do this together for hours of activity together.
"I bought my son this loom since I thought the brand name would be a better quality.  It ended up being cheaper than I thought since one peg broke off only a few days after he got it, and when I tried to help him take the base off to make a pencil grip, three entire pegs and the hook on the needle broke off!  I would think it should be tougher plastic if it is made to withstand many changes to make different items.  I may need to buy another one at the store since this one seems to be falling apart."
"But, the kid put a positive spin on it. Apparently, there are some patterns that require two looms, so it makes a good present still! That's pretty awesome. The packaging was a little damaged in transit, but nothing too bad. Besides, it's only cardboard. Otherwise, this product is as expected."
"This product is completely falsely advertised.  This is NOT a genuine Rainbow Loom.  This loom broke after 2 weeks of use.  After further research and purchasing a genuine loom it is VERY evident that this is a fake.  The genuine loom is much higher quality plastic, is assembled differently, and is marked with the Rainbow Loom insignia.  This product is not.  DO NOT waste your money on this product.  Purchase it at Michaels, where you can be guaranteed you are buying the real thing."
Works great easy to use and very very kid friendly. Love how easy it is and how fast it came
I bought and gave as gifts 2 of these knock off Rainbow Looms. I didn't realize they were counterfeit until one of the recipients brought it over for a sleepover with my daughter and I helped her with her bracelet using the loom I gave her. I was so embarrassed. The plastic is so cheap that I felt like I would break it to adjust the loom position. The edges are sharp and the bands slip off the notches easily when we're trying to hook the bracelet. DO NOT BUY THIS. You're better off paying $4 more and get it from Michaels.
"This loom is not a rainbow loom, it WILL NOT work to connect it with the real one. I was very disappointed when I opened it. I was expecting the real one."
The loom came with everything intact and very easy directions for a multitude of bracelets. I ended up also buying a case for easier storage of all the bands but that's my only additional comment.
This is a fairly good loom. But... IT IS NOT A REAL RAINBOW LOOM. When you get it you'll think its a real rainbow loom until you put it next to a real one. The box is nearly identical but is missing trademarks and company info. The loom is nearly identical until you try to attach it to a real one. The pegs are a slightly different size so it doesn't connect very well. The plastic is not as smooth and can grab and cut the bands as you weave. I'm sure it would ok if your joining two or more of these. You just can't mix with real Rainbow Looms
My son loves this thing. I just wished it came with instructions for more designs. I don't want to buy their book. I think it's ridiculous.
Of course we love this and have made a bazillion bracelets! It is such fun and keeps us busy for hours. It's so much fun to see who can come up with the coolest new design.
"Easy to use, easy to get, easy to pay for!  It was just what my daughter wanted and easy for me to get."
"Edges are sharp, there are no rainbow loom markings on the actual product and the bands easily break. Spend the extra time and money to get the real deal."
This is a great product and produces beautiful bracelets that are easy to make by my 10 year old.  Great color options.
"My kids love this.  They are making bracelets, rings and necklaces for everyone.  It helps them to be creative and keeps them busy."
"The Rainbow Loom itself is AWESOME(a definite 5 star toy/gift). My rating reflects the fact that SCLM (the selling company listed when I purchased) sold our family a counterfeit piece of toxic smelling junk. I contacted Amazon, and they were proactive in getting my money refunded. I believe the counterfeit-selling company is now listed under new initials. Do yourself a favor: purchase the Rainbow Loom from the actual Rainbow Loom website, so you know it's the real thing. The original/authentic makers even have info/pics of the real vs counterfeit loom on their site. Love the toy(the real version)!!"
"Keeps kids busy for hours. Get extra rubber bands - fun to do with kids, and check out tons of examples on you tube."
kids loved it!  It is very durable with lots of rubber band color choices.  Would highly recommend for 10 years old and up.
My daughter loves this product.  I bought it for my nephew and bonus son also. They all really love it.
"I discovered the existence of this loom via a radio commercial.  Some of my students had shown me simple bracelets they had made in their after school program.  I saw a few in various stores and read reviews on Amazon.  I finally bought this one on Amazon.  Just as people said, it is best to go to youtube for instructions.  I started with a starburst bracelet, took me several attempts to place the bands and loom the bracelet.  I found out later that I had started with an advanced project.  Once I got going, I loved it!  I've made bracelets for friends and my 3rd graders.  My review is from an adult's perspective.  I don't know that I'd be willing to pay the price for a child.  It takes perseverance and some skill level.  I don't know that I'd consider it a child's toy, you really have to know your child."
My 5 year old daughter likes it but she needs help using it.  There is only one basic pattern included in the box so if you want to make different types you have to go on line.  A little more direction on paper would be useful.
This is not the real Rainbow Loom product. I ordered two and they both arrived without the Rainbow Loom stamped insignia and both had a broken tip which makes the loom difficult to use. Very dissatisfied.
"Working with tiny rubber bands is too complicated for a 6-year old, and the designs are very limited and not very interesting.
A lot of reviewers had a problem with quality but mine was fine, the red arrow was there and nothing broke so far."
"DON'T BUY IT!!!!  We bought this loom for our kids and opened it and found it was a FAKE.  No imprint on the bottom, rough edges, cheap rubber bands...."
"We now own TWO looms, since you need more than one to make the really fancy bracelets. This occupies hours and hours of my 9-yr-old boy's time. He makes great bracelets and shares them with his friends. Love it."
Hours of enjoyment for child !!  Six year old .  Likes learning new designs and making presents for family and friends.
"I can not reccomend this product because it is not an authentic Rainbow Loom product.  As many others have stated, the loom arrived with cheaper, thinner plastic and the edges were very sharp.  Unfortunately, unless you have an authentic loom, it may be difficult to tell the difference.  This product may be usable, but not advisable as the plastic may easily break and leave very sharp edges that your little one may get cut  on.

The product I received was advertised as a ""Rainbow Loom by Rainbow Loom"" and sold by Value Galore.  I have returned the product for a full refund.  I appreciate the refund but people need to know that many of these products being sold are counterfeits and illegal.

The product pictured shows the Rainbow Loom ""registered trademark"" on the front of the box and the side of the box.  The product that actually arrived was missing these trademarks...the first sign of a fake. Buyer beware."
My son and his friend have spent hours making bracelets for himself and his friends.  He is even sharing it with his sister who also loves it.
my daughter has gone rainbow loom crazy.  she received this for christmas and she loves it.  She watches videos on-line on how to make new styles of bracelets and is producing them at an amazing rate.  So far the loom is holding up to constant use.
"Since my daughter received this item, she has made bracelets for everyone in her family!  Just wish the instruction picture were a little clearer though...other than that, good clean fun!"
My niece loved it!! Easy with plenty of instruction had her up and running with it in no time! Thank you!
"This was the hot gift this year, so of course my 7 y.o. had to have it. I think its pretty neat, & have made a few bracelets for fun, but my daughter gets a little discouraged with it, shes not a particularly patient child, & it does take a little time to get the method down."
"Beware of third party vendors! I bought this product from the seller gameforall. They sent me a counterfeit rainbow loom. It looked like the real deal but when you go to Rainbow Looms actual website they tell you how to stop a fake. My rainbow loom had no red arrows on it and the hook and bottom blue part of the loom were not embossed w/ the words ""rainbow loom"". Beware!"
"Please check the seller carefully.

I have been so disappointed in the quality of this product. The hook broke on day 1. Sharp, jagged pegs appeared within 2 weeks.  Many rubber bands are thin and defective. I complained to the seller and got no reply.  I was googling for information on breakage, and found photos of counterfeits. Well, that explains why mine has no logo, the arrow isn't red, the box has a typo, and the quality is garbage. I filed a claim, and got a refund from Amazon, which I will use to purchase a real loom. Beware!"
"My kids each have a rainbow loom.  I ordered an additional one as a gift.  When it arrived the box was a slightly different size than the originals that were purchased at the craft store.  The logo & photos on the box were blurred copies that looked like they had been taken with a cell phone and copied.  In addition, the product within was cheaply made, sharp to the touch (the plastic would actually cut fingers, and there is no way it wouldn't cut through the rubber bands that came with it.  It was obviously different from the original looms we already owned.  Also the bands in the box had been opened and were spilled all inside the box.  It was returned to Amazon for a full refund."
"Upon opening the box (which, online, looked identical to the box of my son's original Rainbow Loom) I could tell immediately that this was not the same quality as the one I purchased at another retailer.  The box was not sealed and when I handled the loom it was much lighter than the original and the pegs are very rough/sharp.  We went to the Rainbow Loom website and the rough/sharp pegs (as well as the lighter blue color) are tell-tale signs that the item is a FAKE.  Upon further comparisons of this item and the original loom purchased at Michael's, the differences are astounding.  The seller of this item should be prohibited from selling these as authentic Rainbow Looms! :("
Shipping was fast and the product is great.  We all are using it to make fun designs.  It is well priced too.
"Beware  - mine was from Graceful TECH and also a big fake. There is information on how to spot a counterfeit on the Rainbow Loom website.  Mine is definitely not the real thing.  Note that the packaging is identical to the real thing, there are only subtle differences in the product resulting in serious safety concerns!"
"although my grandaughters school wouldn't let her bring it to class because they wanted the children to use their hands, she was delighted to have the loom at home."
These are the hottest new thing with my son and his friends so of course we had to have one!  He loves itit came with the plastic loom (sturdy) and some bands but honestly you will need to purchase more bands if your child wants to make more than just several bracelets.  We look up video tutorials on all the different bands you can make which are very easy to follow along since the loom only comes with directions for the very basic bracelets.  Very satisfied with this product.
"The top prong on the loom was broken, so my daughter was unable to use it.  I had to return it."
"Daughter making rings, bracelets and key chains for everyone! She hasn't slowed down and Christmas was almost a month ago."
This was a Christmas present for my daughter.  She opened it up and there weren't any bands.  The description states that it includes 600 bands.  I emailed the distributor and it took over a week to receive the replacements.
My daughter loves it! She uses it more than her ipod which I think is awsome! Its all the rage with her friends.
I bought this for my 10 year old niece for Christmas and she loved it!! The only thing she wanted to do all day. Perfect gift for her!
Works just like the directions said.  She is making all sorts of bracelets and gizmos.  Keeps her occupied for hours with something creative for her mind instead of TV.
"Bought this for my niece for Christmas, and she loved it! She said it was easier to make bracelets on this one and could do more styles."
"When I first saw these back in August, I asked my 13-year old daughter if she wanted me to get some for her b-day party.  She replied very indignantly ""no mom, I'm not 5!"".  I bought one for a younger friend of ours.  Within a week, she was asking for it and now has bands in every color. I wear the bracelets she makes when I teach in elementary school and the students spot them immediately.  They are everywhere and kids of all ages love them.  This trend may be on it's way out already but it sure was a good one.  Wish I had invented it!"
"I bought my daughter a kit at Walmart for Christmas and didn't realize there was a difference in looms.  The one that i got does not come apart so she was limited in some of the creations she could do.  Since I am ""in the know"" now I got her the loom that started the trend."
"Possibilities are endless.  Hundreds of online youtube tutorials.  Bought a book with it that demonstrates a few patterns as well.  The kit itself comes with no help for patterns other than the basic bracelet.  My girls and I have spent hours with this thing!  My daughter enjoys giving them as gifts.  One tip...the hexa fish pattern is very time consuming.  Took me 2 1/2 hours to make it!!!  Do it on 3 or 4 pegs instead...much faster and similar effect.  Some favorite patterns have been the 3 ring, starburst, fishtail (that one is so easy you can do it on your fingers and prettier and easier than the basic), dragon's scale, zipper, others."
"I bought a Rainbow Loom  through Amazon and received it.
  But it surface finish is poor.
So i  checked its authenticity by  the official importer of the Rainbow Loom  and  I found  it's fake.
Do not buy. Edges are sharp and finish is poor.  It may damage your rubber bands."
"My box just reads FAKE FAKE FAKE ALL over it! When I open the box, the BLUE connectors are ORANGE and the hook is not as big as the original one. The tray is also a fake, waste of my time! :("
"Where do I begin? My child is a builder - he loves Legos and at 5 is pretty good at building them, but we were looking for something else.  I bought the bands for these by themselves as a stocking stuffer because I saw you could make them without the loom, but he just didn't have the attention span and didn't have the finger strength to hold the bands to do much with them.  He needed the loom if he was going to do anything.  I bought this on sale after Christmas and I'm so glad I did.  He has taken to this so well and I'm so proud of what he's done with this.  I will say this - at 5, he cannot do this alone.  He needs help, this is not something they can do all on their own.  The videos Rainbow Loom has on their website are fantastic, but it can get a little overwhelming looping in some of the more complex parts and ending the project.

We've also had a lot of luck simply going to Google for additional and more unique projects. He's already made Spiderman and Hulk action figures with his loom that he is beyond proud of.

The loom itself is fantastic quality.  You can just feel that its well made, and the great part is that in the event something broke, you can replace one of the rows fairly inexpensively through the manufacturer.  Not to mention how completely versatile this is to make bracelets, figures, and so much more.  The bands are easily found on sale at a variety of places so you aren't getting bled dry to maintain this, although for specific projects if you need a super unique color, you may pay quite a bit more than normal.  I was able to purchase a bunch of solid colors for $1/bag for 300 and 500 count bags at Joann Fabrics this week - I would say good quality bands, we had minimal breakage - , but for some of the more specialized colors like gray, gold or silver, you may have to pay quite a bit more (i.e. closer to $5 for 300).

**Added comment**

Mine is a legitimate Rainbow Loom. My mom purchased through a different vendor, though fulfilled by Amazon with free shipping, and hers was a fake.  That being said, be vigilant to inspect yours when it comes from here.  Check on the Rainbow Loom website for what to look for.  Honestly, the main thing is the embossed ""rainbow loom"" name all over the blue pieces and the hook."
This is counterfeit!! See other reviews. I purchased one for  a Christmas gift. It was made upside down and backward.
"I might have a problem.  I might just enjoy playing with this thing as much as our nine and six year old daughter's do.

I found myself YouTubing videos for more challenging bracelets that our kids could take to school and tout as their own work.  Cool kids love hexafish bracelets.

As one of our oldest daughter's friends told me ""it's the hottest toy of the season""

Because all 9-year-olds talk like that now."
"The product was good and it worked perfectly. It came with all the tool, rubberbands, and with the C clips :)"
Was not the real Rainbow loom.  The kids could tell by the markings. It arrived broken. Would not recommend it.
"In our home we have 5 or 6 ""Looms"", 2 of which are ""Authentic Rainbow Looms"" that came from Michaels. This ""Rainbow Loom""  is very poor quality.  The hook bent the first use, the pegs were almost impossible to remove. The edges (where you place the rubber bands) are VERY sharp, which cut several rubber bands. Having used my daughter's Authentic Loom, I knew something was fishy about this.  We started comparing the 2 and noticed that the Trademarks aren't the same as well as her Hook is much thicker and better made than this one.  I would not waste my money.  It's only $5 less than the Authentic Rainbow Loom (which is AMAZING)."
"This is our second rainbow loom... purchased a second to make different expanded bracelets with my 7 year old daughter. This is the genuine product, so as expected it works great."
"The kids love making rubber band jewelry and this makes it easier on their little fingers.
It keeps them busy and they're having fun being creative."
"This product, although looks like a Rainbow Loom, is really a counterfeit product and VERY poor quality.  Rainbow loom replacement parts DO NOT work on this product.  Copy and paste this link to see more information on this.  Don't get tricked like we did!!
[...]"
It was just as I hoped. Easy to use yet challenging. There lots of project instructions available on YouTube. Most of her girl scout troop has since purchased one. Additional bands are reasonably priced. One of the best gifts ever!
Daughter loves it...but after only a few days she could make them on her own without the tool.  I would suggest saving money and watching you tube videos and learn to do it without the tool.
This is not the genuine Rainbow Loom.  My daughter has one and we compared.  We had to use a file to smooth each and every part of the loom where the bands go or it cut them.  Waste of money.
"Sure it looks real, until you get a real one and try to connect them!!! I have also found that the edges were very scratchy and have almost cut myself on them!! DO NOT BUY!!!! Make sure it is an ACTUALLY Rainbow Loom you are paying for."
I got this because I had some friends that had it and it seemed really cool so I it it and it's really fun!
Easy to use and my granddaughter has made many bracelets that she loves to show off. She's even made them for other kids.
"The product I received is not imprinted or embossed as the real, true Rainbow Loom should be. The sharp, rough, uneven, jagged edges on the loom break so many rubber bands when trying to make a bracelet. I'm thoroughly disappointed in this purchase."
"It's the best loom for Rubber band bracelets! It's adjustable and It has directional arrows to help when applying and looping bands and you can connect more than one loom together. It comes with bands, C-clips, mini loom and a hook/base remover."
"She is 9 and figured it out herself without asking us to help. She loves it and has been making bracelets regularly since she received it.  I made sure I found the original brand, as I learned there are knock-offs that appear to be the original. So be careful!"
"My kids received this for Christmas & loved it. We love making the bracelets. Gave some kits away for gifts, too."
"The child loved using the rainbow loom and created bracelets and rings; each
different from the other. There are endless possibilities with the rainbow loom."
This is not the original loom set.  The box appears to be the same and even pictures the original loom but inside is a flimsy cheap counterfeit.  Purchased two and hope to get my money back.
Love it.  Its addicting. My 6 year old has made tons of things with it already and she just got it for Christmas.
"I just got the Rainbow Loom in today and not only did it give me two totally different set-ups with LOTS of broken rubber bands, the actual loom broke while I was taking it apart. The plastic is cheap and it's all cracked everywhere. VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED."
This is our second loom. Too make bigger bracelets you put 2 together. My daughter loves making bracelets. It keeps her occupied and she is learning something useful
"Although the outer packaging looks real, the actual loom products are clearly counterfeit.  They lack the embossing that the true Rainbow Loom has.  Additionally, the clear pin bars are pointed, not rounded as they should be and the red directional arrow is pointing in the opposite direction that it should be.  Please refer to [...]"
"I was really worried because there were so many posts and even my neighbor who actually received counterfeited rainbow looms.
However there weren't many who posted who they bought it from but Expedited Warehouse was not among the ones that did list.
I took my chances seeing that this seller seemed to be trustworthy, and am very glad I did.
I received both of mine and both were as legit as they come.

as for the loom itself, it is a fun simple craft for kids to use.  It does take some basic understanding of how it works (and imagining what you want it to look like) but youtube videos are a great resources in teaching you how and what to do."
I received my rainbow loom in perfect condition and just what I was hoping for. It's the original but for a better price.
"This is our second loom purchase for the Rainbow Loom on Amazon.  We had already bought one but my daughter needed a second one to achieve the width required on some projects as she is more experienced now.  Well, this one is not even a real loom.  Not only are the curves different and sharper, it does not have the official Rainbow Loom plaque on the bottom side.  I asked my local craft shop owner to tell me the difference and she explained it.  She also said that when a business signs a contract to distribute Rainbow Loom they are made to promise not to sell it on the internet.  I don't know if that is true or not, but she has her inventory on the internet excluding Rainbow Looms (hers are stamped) and the branded Rainbow Loom rubber bands.  My daughter has been frustrated getting them to match and now we know why.  I will be buying her a second authentic one from the craft store next trip in there."
My daughter really wanted this for Christmas.  She makes them for all of her friends and uses it constantly for now.  Its great!!
"In today's technology-driven world it seems like every toy now requires batteries or a charger.  How refreshing to find something as simple as a loom with rubber bands can keep my kids entertained!

I purchased the Rainbow Loom in early October as a Christmas present for my 7-year-old daughter.  It seemed like we were seeing cute rubber band bracelets everywhere and it was hard for me to not give it to her early.  All she could talk about was wanting a Rainbow Loom.  It was at the top off her Christmas list and it was the only thing she asked Santa for when she finally saw him in person.  Being the critic that I am, I wrongfully assumed this was one of those toys that would provide an hour of fun and then be forgotten about for eternity.

I couldn't have been more wrong.  Three weeks after Christmas and this is still being played with on a daily basis.  In fact, I just ordered more rubber bands yesterday.  This is a high-quality loom which is made of thick plastic and doesn't feel fragile at all.  It came with the loom, hook which has a ""cap"" that is actually a mini-loom, instruction booklet, and a pack of multicolored rubber bands, both opaque and jelly.  There is blue plastic on the base of the loom which actually detaches and is used to connect multiple looms together.  We have had no issues with any of the rubber bands breaking and the included ""c-clips"" hold exceptionally well.  I purchased a few rubber bands from a well-known girls' clothing/accessories retailer and while the bands have been fine, the clips, which are shaped like an oval, do not hold well and the bracelets easily come apart.

Recommended for ages 8 and up, my 7-year-old has absolutely no problem whatsoever making bracelets.  The Rainbow Loom's website has a tab titled ""Instructions"" which lists multiple designs by complexity (beginner, intermediate, and advanced) along with instructional videos.  I, myself, have made several different patterns and really enjoy it.  It's a nice way to relax for 20 minutes and decompress after work.  While a single loom can make multiple patterns, it isn't big enough for the wider bracelets which require extension with a single-loop chain in order to form a complete bracelet.  I plan on purchasing a second loom for this reason.

I highly recommend this Rainbow Loom for both boys and girls alike.  Even if you have a child who has never expressed interest in this, I still think this would be a big hit.  In fact, I would pay double the price for its entertainment value alone."
"My 7 and 9 year old granddaughters love this!  They spend hours making bracelets, rings, and necklaces.  I did buy a larger plastic storage container to put different colored bands into to keep all the colors separated.  They got this for Christmas and have been busily making bracelets!  They have a 1 1/2 year old younger brother who puts things into his mouth - so, be forewarned.  This is not to be around younger children."
"This loom is great fun for our grandson and granddaughter.  Granpop and Grandmom get to wear the creations!  We gave it as a 2013 Christmas gift, and the children like it because it has so many colors and they can make so many different designs. M&M"
"This is a great toy that offers many, perhaps too many hours of pure enjoyment for kids of all ages."
"The second one of these we got.  Unlike the first,  this one (from Holiday) had no trademark stampings embossed on bottom and lots of burrs and poorly-finished sharp edges at top of posts.  Not good when a band is cut 1/2 to 2/3 of the way through a finished piece."
"Be careful when purchasing this product from some vendors. I got one from ""bestdealkeeper"" and the product isn't a genuine Rainbow Loom product. I got a fake one. I would recommend you purchase the product directly from [...]
The fake one isn't good quality."
"This is a fun craft, even for an adult. You may want to consider purchasing 2 if you want to make some of the designs that our found on Youtube. This actual happens to be the thing I don't like. I think there is only 1 written pattern included and you have to watch videos if you want to make the other designs; I happen to prefer written patterns. Also, buy some fun colored rubber bands."
"It's what you'd expect. Real rainbow loom product, at a slighlty cheaper price than what's in the store. Was a Christmas gift- kid loved it."
Ordered several of these for Christmas this year. They are the going thing for both boys and girls. Everyone has been making bracelets and necklaces. Recommend
My girls love it until the new trend starts.  They were making the rubber band jewelry by hand and then got the loom and realized how much easier it if to use that.
"It was a gift for my granddaughter and she freaked when she saw it, so I think it's safe to assume that she loved it."
My kids loved working on it and being creative. You will need to order the additional bands as they got through them quickly.
Great gift. It made my granddaughter very happy and she was busy making bracelets the day she received it. She later found some instructional videos on YouTube and this furthered her happy state. Now on to ordering more bands.
My daughter loves her rainbow loom. She sits and creates all different types of bracelets wears them to school and exchanges them with her friends. I would recommend it
"My daughter had requested a loom similar to this. I did some searching & decided to get the Rainbow Loom since it appeared to be the ""real thing"", not cheaply made like some. The picture on the Amazon page shows the original Rainbow Loom box. When we received it, the loom had a broken pin. I went back to the Amazon page to see if others had this problem & found that many received counterfeit looms. Ah, so that's why the directions had misspellings, etc. I checked out Rainbow Loom's website & discovered that we, too, had received a counterfeit. I immediately called Amazon, & they graciously allowed us to return the loom. However, I was not going to take a chance on ordering another from Amazon. We went to Michael's & got the real thing there. (You can also order them from the Rainbow Loom website.) My daughter loves the ""real Rainbow Loom"" & has learned how to make all kinds of things with it!"
This loom is the new fad with the kids.  I had bought three for my grandchildren for Christmas at 34.95 a piece and got on here to order another for a birthday and it is now 12.75. Isn't it terrible how things are bumped up three times their price for Christmas. Shame on me and on Amazon. I wonder now how much I have over paid for other things.
I all ready have a rainbow loom  and then I bought this one and it looked and felt weird  this loom is fake do not buy
What can I say??? This is the new trend and I absolutely love my rainbow loom. I recommend buying this.
My 8 year old has really liked this and my 14 year old has had loads of fun with it too.
"As I said in the title, since the peg was broken, I had to send it back. It was easy to return it, but my son was pretty upset for having to wait."
"My 6-year-old daughter hasn't put it down since she got the set for Christmas. Beats doing drugs.

We've had to get more rubber bands and C-clips (or their knockoffs, ""S clips"") since."
"Bought 2 of these for Christmas gifts.  Shipping was prompt and no missing or broken parts.  However, this loom is not what I thought I was getting.  I recommend going to the Rainbow Loom website and checking out their tab on counterfeit
looms.  Wish I had done this before I purchased.  My bad for assuming that Amazon checks out these things before they post them for sale."
"My twins LOVE this thing. They are  5 1/2, ordered them both one and they arrived in a timely manner and they went right to work. My only complaint after having them for a few weeks.. On one of them a couple of the pegs on the end have broke off. But it's also plastic so .."
"This was a gift to my step-daughter and I had bought two different ones.  This one, by far, was the better quality.  She loves it."
"Both my kids, a boy and a girl, love this. Less TV time during day time while parents are working thanks for this product."
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece and I highly recommend this brand. It is high quality and easy to use--we all had fun using it!
"I read somewhere where this would be a ""top"" gift for a young girl.  I bought two and both girls LOVED them."
My daughter was excited to get this on time and for Christmas.  She has not put it down since and I recommend this to anyone with a young daughter.
This is one of the best gifts I have ever bought my daughter. She is addicted and does this every day for hours! She has made so many and has a ton hoarded in her room! This is the best loom out there! Do not buy a cheaper one to save money! This one is versatile & the pegs move so you can make different designs. Other looms don't do this and the pegs have hooks that get in the way. This one is the best!
"This is a bit too complicated for a five year old - but the box does say 8+.  Having said that, there are MANY great tutorial videos on YouTube that will help you make some cute bracelets.  Two looms would be needed to create anything beyond a bracelet - and even those are a bit tight for an adult without adding extra ""plain"" loops.  I spent a good amount of time learning and playing with it - to teach a five year old, but she was only interested in the results ;)"
"This product is not the original.  It doesn't connect with other rainbow looms, the hook is drastically different, the interior box isn't the same.  The front photo is of a different shade, etc..  If you want the original, particularly to connect with other looms, I would not recommend this fake product by this seller."
"My daughter loves it! Now the whole family, all the neighbors and even the dog has rubber  band bling!! "
It was requested by my grdaughter for gift for Christmas. she loved it and immediately made bracelets for all of the family.
"So sorry I didn't read the reviews before purchasing this item!
If you want the original, the safest way to go is by ordering directly from the Rainbow Loom website. I paid $14.99 for this, which is the same price as the original Rainbow Loom, don't waste your time/money on this. It's falling apart and we didn't get much use out of it."
"My friends all had the rainbow loom. It was awesome, and I wanted one immediately. When the loom arrived, I was extremely excited. I opened the box, and in front of me was a poorly designed, misspelled ""Rainbow Loom"" box. I assumed that because the designers were foreign, maybe they couldn't spell, and they were bad designers, whatever. I opened the box, and all the pieces were there, it seemed to be fine. I started playing with it right away, and realized how cheap it was. The loom was sharp and rough. Also the hook snapped twice: once when I was trying to move the clear rows around and was using the bottom of the hook, and the second when I was simply hooking the rubber bands and the top part broke. I just ignored it and started using a crochet hook. One day, my friend came over with her loom. It was in amazing condition- her hook was strong, and her loom was smooth and thick. I was stunned. Why was hers so nice when mine was so cheap? I continued using my loom and again was trying to move the clear pieces around. This time I didn't want to break anything, so I watched a video. The person said to just pull the clear pieces up with your fingers. It popped off easily for her. I tried the same, and my whole loom split in half. I was flabbergasted. Did I just happen to get the worst loom in existence?! I then read the reviews on amazon to see if anyone else had the same problem. Sure enough, people did, but I also found out that many people got counterfeit looms with misspelled words on the front, and poor design that looked like a first grader had done it. I figured out that I had gotten a counterfeit loom like them, which is why it was rough and cheap, unlike my friend's. The actual rainbow loom is great, but you should definitely go find another seller, or just buy it from Michaels. Do not buy from this seller, because yours, too, could be counterfeit."
The loom falls apart and there is no arrow. It is a reject or fake. Pay the $5 extra to get the real thing
Got two for my oldest nephews. This is all the oldest one played with the entire time he was visiting for Christmas. He is 7 years old and made bracelets for everyone in the family.
These were purchased for my Granddaughter who is into making wrist bands for the other Grandchildren and some of the adults. These were well packaged and were easy to use. I would recommend these.
"Bought this for my Granddaughter for Christmas, also checked a website and reviewed the counterfeit box/kits.  Looked at picture when ordering, and it looked official.....no problem....  When it arrived, checked the box and it was definitely a counterfeit Rainbow Loom.  Not only was the box missing the correct markings and codes, the loom also was missing marking information and the tool used to make the bands was missing from the box......returned this."
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. I paid extra to get a real Rainbow Loom and this is a knock off. The videos don't line up with it. It breaks very easily and the pieces are sharp. I was just getting my daughter on the rainbowloom.com website when I saw the notice about the counterfeit looms. This is how I was alerted to the problem. I'm really disappointed in Amazon for allowing this to continue. The seller shows up in my account as: ""Sold by BANDZ BY RAINBOW"". I hope this helps others to not make the same mistake."
The only complaint I have with this is the instructions could be better.  My daughter struggled to figure out how to make larger bracelets.  They should have more instructions or a DVD or something showing how to do more things with it.  It is nice...just needs more info for little girls to understand.
My grand daughter received many Christmas gifts but this is her favorite. She is very creative and has been very busy making bracelets and rings for everyone. I recommend Rainbow loom without reservation.
My eleven year old granddaughter loves these.  She have several looms and has made many bracelets.  She always trying new designs.  It's good for the imagination.  I purchased this loom through Amazon from Rainbow Loom LLC.
I ordered this for my little cousin. I hope he likes it! It arrived quickly. The rubber bands are fun and easy to work with.
This loom is so much fun. We have made so many bracelets already since Christmas. Great quality! We have done lots of pulling and tugging and it has done great.
Go to the Rainbow Loom website and purchase this from there. They have an alert regarding these counterfeit products. So that is your safest bet.
"My son ordered a rainbow loom and was really excited to start making bracelets. When he first opened the box he found one of the pegs already broken. The first thing he did with the loom was fix it. He took out a hot glue gun and glued it back on. After that, other than the bands looking strange due to inconsistencies in manufacturing, my son enjoyed the loom. It is pretty good for 10 dollars but it is not worth it for 20."
"We bought this loom to give away for Christmas, and ended up with it.  We gave it to my kids, and it was great, although, it didn't have the ""red arrow"". We bought another one because we loved it so much, but the second one wasn't so great.  The edges were very sharp, as another reviewer mentioned, and it cuts the rubber bands.  The blue brackets on the bottom don't stay on very well either, they keep falling off.  You may get a great loom, but I'd probably go with another vender next time."
My 8 yr old daughter loves it. On the first day she spent several hours making bracelets. Everything is sturdy enough. I have no fear that any of the pieces will break anytime soon.
Great toy for kids - keeps them entertained.  Requires focus and concentration and following instructions.  My girls love it!  Would recommend.
ITS NOT HERE YET I KNOW THEY PROBABLY LIVE FAR BUT NEXT TIME I CAN GO TO MY LOAL STORE MICHEALS AND I WANTED TO CANCEL BUT THEY SHIPPED IT AND ITS WAY 2  LATE IS JUST A BOX ITS THAT ESY 2 SHIP IT COME ON ALL READY ! GEEZ
Very well-made! The only problem I have with this product is that the instructions could be a little better for making anything other then the simplest bracelet.
"Got this kit for my 10 year old niece for Christmas.  My 17 year old daughter help her set it up and get started, before the day was over several of us were sporting new jewelry."
"I did have a slight suspicion that this cheaper buy would be a copy, and I think I was right. It comes in what seems to be an original rainbow loom box, with hooking tools and instructions. The pins of the loom are made in the same shape but the plastic it's lighter and rough edges tell me it is not original. Also the clips do not bear the RL stamp. Functional and being used as an extra loom in our house. Great for the price :) we're just not fooled. We are original Rainbow Loom fans and avid crafters."
Much better to than the knock-offs as it lets you create different designs.  Pieces are removable.  My son has lots of fun with it.
"With bands and loom.  Well stocked, found additional band colors at local craft store.  I think it should have clearer instructions, though you can find many on you tube."
"This was a gift for my kid and the smile on his face was my best gift, would do it again and again"
"SHAME on you Di Di Do and Amazon ... if you KNOW it's fake, why are you advertising this product knowing that it's NOT the real thing????"
"I was so excited to get this loom.  I had seen one that a friend of mine had.  It was just like the one that was falsely advertised.  As soon as I opened it up, I noticed that it looked totally different than the picture.  When I went to remove the base so that the pegs would be diagonal, it snapped in half.  It was advertised to have 600+ rubber bands.  I counted them, and there were 470, and several of them were just threads, and some of them were broken ""threads"".  Very, very disappointed.  One positive thing I can say, is that I received it in a very timely manner."
I LOVE IT! People are  wrong . IT'S Awesome. I REALLY LIKE  THIS IDEA . People are wrong and will continue saying Dumb comments.
"If I could give this 0 stars I would!  This was supposed to be a reward for my daughter for doing great at school and I received this piece of junk in the mail.  It looks exactly like the Rainbow Loom box, but it's not.  My daughter had her friends over with their Rainbow Looms and hers is a piece of junk and it's embarrassing.  Terrible quality and you can't move the loom around like the original.  Don't buy unless it's from an authorized retailer unless you want a hunk of junk.  The knock off from the dollar store is better than this POS."
I purchased this for my granddaughter for Christmas. I was a little skeptical after reading reviews telling future buyers to only buy from rainbow loom website if you wanted the real thing. This is the real thing and my granddaughter loved it. She and her brothers have been busy making things since Christmas.
"Gave as a gift, you need to buy a stronger hook as the one that comes with it breaks very easily."
Shipping taking way too long. I regret choosing this company. My kids are bugging me every day when it is coming. I ordered it December 29th and it is jan. 10th. I guess I should have inspected the company more. When I order off amazon it's because it always comes fast. Estimated arrival isn't until end of jan. till beginning of February! Ridiculous! I
Best bracelet making kit ever! I love it one so does the rest of the family. Thank you rainbow loom!
This thing is counterfeit !!!! It has sharp edges and cannot take it apart easily!! Everything is terrible!! Do not waste money on this!!!
"This is not the original Rainbow Loom.  It might work, but it is NOT what we expected.  If you look on rainbowloom.com you will be able to see that this does not match up - The name is not imprinted on the device or the hook and the tines do not match up to the web site of the original rainbow loom.  We are disappointed that we did not know this when we ordered this product.  Amazon was great about sending a return label so we can return it."
"The Rainbow Loom we received is counterfeit. The printing on the box is slightly off. The pegs are off from what is shown in the instructional videos, there is no red arrow, and there is no plastic base. Amazon, get a handle on this! For shame!"
This is the real deal. I went to the official Rainbow Loom website and made the comparisons. Super fast shipping even through bad weather. Would recommend to anyone and will use again. I got this for my child from Shoreline Products.
"I read many reviews on several different brands, and finally settled on this one. It had the best reviews, and from my limited searches, it seemed most YouTube ""How To"" videos used this brand. My 12 year old said this was her favorite gift this Christmas. (And it was probably the least expensive. Go figure!) I will say the packaging is rather dull. I took it all out and put it in a plastic case that has room for the loom and several different color bands."
"This is a great buy. I loved being able to buy this last minute for Christmas for my niece, and not having to run out to the store to purchase it, which would cost more as well. She plays with this loom for hours and makes a lot of cute bracelets. Highly recommended!"
"Very disappointed to find out the item I received is counterfeit, the box looks almost like the real one, but the print quality is very poor, the content is also different than the real one. Don't waste your time to buy it."
"Bought this for my 12 year old daughter.  She loves this toy and will spend hours creating things and sharing patterns with her friends.  I do wish the whole shebang was a little more durable than it is, considering its designed for children.  Everything just seems a little flimsy.  The hook broke mid-bracelet after about two weeks, which was disappointing.  Fortunately she was able to make due with one of my crochet hooks until I could order her a replacement.  She already managed to drop it and break one of the pins, too, but fortunately Rainbow Loom sells replacement pin bars - picked up a couple of those to keep on hand as well!  Finally, there's nothing more disheartening than seeing her face fall because she's just spent a half an hour carefully constructing an elaborate creation, and one of the bands breaks and ruins the whole thing.

Now don't get me wrong, I get that this is a toy essentially made out of plastic and rubber bands, and while the current price is a bit lower than what I paid for it, it was still a good deal.  My daughter loves it and will probably get a LOT more use out of it over the next couple of years.  That being said though, my only wish is that they would find a way to make them a bit sturdier all around."
Was on my grandaughters Christmas list 3 times. I got it for her and she loves it. She is making bracelets for everyone!!!! Great gift for the price and is of great quality.
My daughter hasn't stopped making bracelets since she opened this. Everything was there and it was a good price. Would buy again.
"My six year old wanted this so bad so we ordered it for her and I think every person and animal in a two mike radius is now sporting a rainbow loom creation! Ha! This keeps her busy for hours and we have had fun creating designs together too.

This was a godsend for the snow days this week!"
"My daughter loves this plastic device! She made her bracelets in the past using her fingers or a fork (watch the youtube videos for directions), but this thing has let her take these small rubber bands to a whole other level! You'll still have to jump on youtube to see how to make these insane creations. Hours of entertainment!"
My 8 yr old daughter was thrilled to get this and has every day since been making bracelets and necklaces!  My 7 yr old daughter has also been using it!  I'd recommend this!!
My granddaughter has enjoyed playing with this since Christmas. She is making everyone bracelets. Fun project! There are no batteries required!
"The ten year old who got this for Christmas likes it a lot, so SCORE!  It's not the widest loom I've seen, but she's not complaining."
"It took a bit and we watched some youtube videos, but we did make a bracelet that was rather impressive for our first time!  Sadly I had to fly back home the next day, so I don't know if it got any more use...but she enjoyed it once we figured it out.  ***Worth noting***  The tutorials on Youtube had the plastic arrows facing the opposite way (as did the instruction manual).  Keep an eye out on this!  It could save you 15 minutes alone once you figure out why they are there and how to rearrange the pieces if necessary."
"When we got the loom and opened it, we noticed that it is different then the real rainbow loom that we already had. We purchased this one to expand the other but they do NOT work together. It also has cheaply made parts. We want a refund!"
"Bought this to help Santa out and upon opening it to try it out, he exclaims - ""This is a fake Momma!  Why would Santa lie about this?""

Thanks for ruining Christmas morning, had to go buy the real loom from Michael's, so now I am out the cost of two."
"Has every single check mark of fake as noted on the official rainbowloom's site.
Sharp edges. No red arrow. No embossed logo on blue holding pieces. Spelling and grammatical errors in manual.

Everyone who has one of these purchased through Amazon's sellers needs to check the official rainbow loom PDF on how to spot a fake.
I'm not just being overly careful here. There's a number of shortcuts to be made in the manufacturing of plastics that can obviously include the use of lead to make shiny colors.
These are bands our kids are keeping in contact with their skin for extended periods of time.

Check yours and file a complaint with Amazon if need be."
"This is NOT the Rainbow Loom.  It is counterfeit.  We looked at the website to get directions on how to make bracelets, and the loom is completely different.  DO NOT BUY!!!"
"I bought the instruction book for this loom for my 8 year old daughter along with the crazy arts version of the loom. She loved them both and made over 20 bracelets. When I went to get more bands, I decided to buy the brand name loom for her.

When this arrived we were so disappointed. The hook is very thin and bends easily. The bands were not as nicely colored as the other loom's. We did like the grid, but after using both, prefer the crazy arts."
"I thought it would not be fake if it is fulfilled by Amazon.com. (and sold by BEST.CHOICES). However, we received really fake one. Google search ""Rainbow Loom how to spot counterfeit"" and there is a PDF file that will explain everything in detail.

Good luck to all!"
I think that its fun because your not doing any electronics and you should love it because its portable and its super easy because you can just make a bunch of things.
I have a 6 year old and a 9 year old who are both thrilled to have the Rainbow Loom.  Both need help the first few bracelets they made but now the 9 year old is able to use it independently.  The 6 year old still has trouble with it at times.  I wish there was a better case that came with it to contain the rubberbands but overall the kids love it.
"I bought a cheap knock-off for my son on his birthday.  While it worked ok, the Rainbow Loom unhooks and can hook back together into straight rows.  The hooks are thicker and stronger than the knock off one too.  When I saw this on sale on Amazon for $10 (only a couple more dollars than the knock off), I gave in and got my son one.  He loves it."
Was a little disappointed that this item was sold at this price.  But because it was needed as a gift I had to pay the price.
"This box looks the same as the first one I bought, but is clearly a lower quality. It shipped from Hong Kong, and took a long time to get here. Stick to buying the name brand from a reliable source. Don't try to save a couple of dollars, as you won't get the same product."
"I wish I had read reviews, I didn't, Buyer beware! If you read Rainbow Loom's website, they tell you how to point it out.... they are worried about lead poisoning from the fake loom's plastic containing lead. watch out!"
"I read a number of reviews for Rainbow Loom and the other popular product. Rainbow Loom seemed to have overall higher reviews so I purchased it for my daughter; after Christmas i found out that she had received the other loom by a relative. She said that Rainbow Loom is by far an easier product to use.

I recommend highly based on my daughters feedback."
"We own a real Rainbow Loom. My other child wanted 1 from Santa so I ordered it from Di Di Do/Amazon. On Xmas they opened & 1 bought on Amazon (that SANTA brought) was fake! REAL Rainbow Loom hooks & plates have ""Rainbow Loom"" engraved into the plastic, FAKE one doesn't. REAL is smooth & won't hurt little hands. FAKE one from is pointy & counterfeit! Also had to explain WHY Santa's was different! DO NOT BUY!"
I bought this for my granddaughter and I hear she just about jumped out of her skin when she opened it. Guess we hit that nail on the head this year.
"The picture on the box was blurry, one would think that would have been my first clue.  The markings were not the same as on an actual rainbow loom.  I turned to Amazon because I could not find these in the stores where I live before Christmas.  These two broke the day after Christmas so I took my girls to Michael's and we bought them the real ones.  Huge difference in quality and when this is sitting beside the real one the differences are glaringly obvious.  No rainbow loom markings, the arrow is not red, the width is different, the plastic feels different.  Definitely not a happy purchase for me.  When I bought these fakes they were $19.99, which was more than I paid for the real ones when I ended up buying them."
Bought this for my 12-yr-old and he is addicted. These bracelets are all the rage now and he has made a ton. Definitely recommend!
Great product; bought for my 8 year old Niece she loves it!  Took her a little while to figure it out but now she is a pro
"I purchased this for my 5 year old for Christmas.  We tried to follow the instructions and even looked at videos online and realized the loom was defective.  Instead of having offset rows, this loom had 3 rows straight across.  When we followed the videos the rubber bands didn't hold together.  I returned this product and ordered directly from the Rainbow Loom site.  Spent a little more but it was worth it."
My daughter was very excited and happy with her christmas gift and it worked very well instructions were easy to follow
My niece sent me a thank you note that expressed her JOY at receiving the loom and an accompanying book of instructions. She is a bracelet factory now!
Great instructions to teach a first timer.  The one area to improve would a storage component for the rubber bands.
"The product is counterfeit. I bought a genuine Rainrow Loom from Michaels as soon as I realized that this product is fake. In comparison between this counterfeit and the genuine loom, I found a few visible different from the front panel of the retail box. First, the original box has ""a"" of ""Rainbow"" in the first row and ""L"" of Loom in the second row overlapped, while the counterfeit doesn't. In addition, there is an typo in company name on the right bottom side. Genuine: Rainbow Loom(c) by Choon's Design LLC, USA while the fake has small case on choon's...
There are more gaps in a quality perspective. The fake loom has untreated/sharp plastic edges and the peddles are stiffer due to poor molding. I do believe the product description should mention that this is a copy - not genuine product!!"
"My Grandson wanted this for Christmas, so of course, I got it for him.  He is snowed in now and I'm sure he's being kept busy learning how to make the bracelets.  I made him happy, so for that it gets 5 stars."
kind of difficult for almost 9 year old and the youtube videos are very confusing.  Daughter hasn't used it as much as I thought.
My kids love it and use it almost everyday when they have free time. They can create something basic and more complex by watching utube.
"I highly recommend you purchase an inexpensive book that has several types of designs for kids to make AND a storage box that has a compartment wide enough for the loom ( 1 3/4"" by about 6"") and spots for all the rubberbands.  It will save your kitchen table and carpet.  My son and his friends and cousins ALL have looms and all are sporting armfuls of bracelets.  The coolest designs are from the books and youtube, not from the enclosed book.  Also get a few extra packets of rubberbands- glittery for girls or mixed or glow in dark for boys- you will be the hit of the birthday or Christmas :)"
"Purchased as a gift for an 8 year girl. She LOVES it! I can't tell you how many bracelets, necklaces and rings she has made. Even her four brothers have had their fair share using it!"
Grandson wanted it to be bigger so he could make many variations at one time. Otherwise he liked it. Thank goodness.
We gave a Rainbow Loom to each of our two granddaughters aged 7 and 9. They needed adult help getting started but once they did they really loved them. Everybody was getting bracelets and rings!  They found additional patterns and instructions on-line and are having the time of their young lives!
This was a perfect gift for my grand daughter.  This is the lates trend and of course she had to have it.  This was a big hit on Christmas
Great concept but my daughter was upset because the kits make small bracelets Etc. Has to buy another kit to extend
It was exactly what the child asked for and has been playing with ever since. It was great for the money.
It was just what we expected. My kids love it. It is great for cold rainy days when they need to stay in the house
"Fantastic device. This was a Christmas present for my grandson. He absolutely loves it. He gad some cheaper looms, but he says this over the top. Great purchase."
"Bought this as a gift for my granddaughter. She has uses it so much that I now need to purchase refills. Great for imagination, she is constantly trying to come up with new ways to make jewelry. She goes online to learn more ways to use it. I would buy this again as a gift."
Returned both looms. These were NOT the original looms and the quality was very poor. Don't purchase these imitation  looms.
"I purchased a few of these kits for my daughter and to hand out as gifts.  Overall have been pleased with the kit, and it seems to be decent quality.  I was skeptical of ordering it due to the reviews that said they suspected it was a fake.  I have to say that I do suspect those reviews may be accurate.  My daughter also received a 'true' rainbow loom kit from her grandparents that was purchased directly from Michaels.  When I put the two kits side by side there are definitely distinct differences in the boxes and the kits themselves.  I won't get into all of the differences, and quite honestly do not particularly care due to the fact that the kit I ordered on Amazon also works just fine and my daughter is perfectly happy with it.  Is it a 'real' rainbow loom?  Probably not, but she doesn't know and doesn't care.  The kit works just as well as the one purchased from Michaels."
"I purchased this despite the other warnings about the product not being the real Rainbow Loom. Well what they said was true - if you go to the official Rainbow Loom website and see how to spot a counterfeit, it is readily apparent that this one is not really Rainbow Loom. That being said, my 6.5-yr-old son loves it and it works fine. I'm not very worried about Rainbow Loom's claims that the imposters might contain lead, etc. - I can do a Lead Check if I want, plus my son is not putting it in his mouth. Also he washes his hands after making them, just because otherwise his hands would probably smell rubbery! So, the price is right for those of you on a budget; however I predict that the REAL Rainbow Loom is higher quality."
because it was on my granddaughter's wish list. She was pleased to get it and used it to her satisfaction.
"These are not genuine Rainbow Looms! I guess I will go buy mine at the local craft store. Cheap price, cheap product!!"
Ordered the Rainbow Loom through BEST.CHOICES fulfilled by Amazon. Already own 1 Rainbow Loom so I knew when this one arrived that it was a fake. Very disappointed.
My 9 yo son has been looking forward to this gift for a long time.  Everyone in the family is now wearing band bracelets.  He loves looking up how to make them on YouTube -- lots of fun!
Do not purchase.  Would give zero stars if possible. Advertised as an actual rainbow loom and is cheap knock off. Probably full of lead and god knows what. No red arrows or Rainbow loom markings on the loom at all. SAVE YOUR MONEY(AND MAYBE A LIFE) AND BUY ONE FROM A LOCAL REPUTABLE CRAFT OR HOBBY SHOP. AMAZON SHOULD BE ASHAMED. Do not buy!!!
"This is not a genuine Rainbow Loom (purchased from Past and Future Games, fulfilled by Amazon) and can be hazardous to your child's health ([...]  I am not happy about my son using this before I discovered that it was fake.  He was also VERY disappointed when told he had to stop using it."
"This gift was something my granddaughter really wanted. She was very clear that she wanted the original Rainbow Loom, so that is what I found for her. She was really happy to get it."
"I ordered this before I really knew what I was getting into, then I found out about how lots of counterfeits are out there, and sounds like many received them from this seller. I was pretty sure I would get one too, but I just received it in the mail today and it's genuine! It has all the imprints in the plastic just like the website says it should, and everything else, includes the instructions and bands, everything. So I put 3 stars for the worry...I did buy it for less than it's now listed, so I assume they got in real ones, and increased their price to accommodate that, after all the bad reviews."
"I bought each of my sons one of these Raibow Looms, as a Christmas gift, after they kept coming home with bracelets that they had been given by other kids at school.  I thought it would be fun for them to make their own bracelets.  They have really enjoyed making bracelets on their looms!"
"I received a counterfeit item as did so many other people.  Some reviewers said their kids were injured.  If you do order, make certain it's not counterfeit before letting your child play with it."
"I purchased this product for my nephew to use in combination with another Rainbow Loom he has already.  However, when placed side-by-side it was obvious that this product was not the same quality.  We took it to a local toy store to compare and the clerk informed us that knock-offs are quite common and, though the packaging is very close, this was a knock-off.

***I notified Amazon immediately and they has been very responsive but I would urge folks to be very cautious when purchasing a Rainbow Loom online as it's very difficult to establish authenticity.***"
"We gave this to a niece at Christmas -- even the little boys were all wrapped up in watching online videos and trying to make the designs -- Santa hats, etc.

Great gift idea; recommended for 11-year-olds."
"We bought this loom first for my son, and then bought another rainbow loom from the store.  There were definite differences between the two, which leads me to think that this loom was a knock-off product.  This loom had a different hook which didn't work as well.  It was also missing the red arrows that show which way the loom is to face when putting on the rubber bands.

Maybe this was just an older model-- it worked alright, but wasn't as nice as the ones that they now sell in the stores."
Everyone in my house loves this loom.  It provides hours of fun and great finished projects.  Youtube has provided several instructional videos when you're ready to branch out to more difficult items.
"I purchased from Universal Gifts and Toys and was sold a counterfeit product.  If you go on the Rainbow Loom website they have a PDF showing you what a counterfeit is.  Although my son's loom seemed to be pretty good quality, it did not have the Rainbow loom etchings on the back of the loom."
"I've spent the past hour reading reviews on here. Then, I decided to just go to Rainbow Loom's actual site. It may be more expensive there, but at least it is all authentic. Plus, they explain how you can identify frauds/fakes that can be/are harmful to children. Also, Rainbow Loom's website has a lot of great colors. I think it's completely worth it."
We bought this for my niece and she says she's made several and really loves it. If you have a creative young one in your family (she's 10) this is easy to recommend.
"I bought two as gifts for my daughters, ages 9 and 7.  They have made bracelets, rings, charms, necklaces galore.  This one is well made.  It is hard finding these in the stores right now because they are so popular.  Plus, most stores are charging $20.  Be careful who you purchase from.  Some vendors may be slightly cheaper but they are coming from Hong Kong and will take much longer to ship.  I purchased from Rainbow Loom LLC and received them in only a few days, even in the Christmas rush."
"Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. Found it much cheaper in stores around town. She LOVES it, however, and the rating is for the product, which is really well made. She's been enjoying using it and learning new patterns since Christmas Day."
Save your money!!! I have called amazon to have this seller removed... Box looked real.. went to Michaels store bought the real one!! The box is missing original notes like the real rainbow loom!! Breaks easy and is really sharp!!! Go buy real rainbow loom!!!!!
"To get the project going.  My Granddaughter and her friends are busy making jewelry and have lots of fun using the loom.
There are so many different kind of projects they can do with it."
"This is packaged in the original rainbow loom box but it is not an authentic item. The loom and hook are not stamped with rainbow loom like the original and it does not have a red arrow. The loom itself has some jagged edges compared to the real one, which is all smooth."
I purchased this & it was counterfeit!!  I'm extremely annoyed to now have to go thru the hassle of returning!
I ordered one of these with a little trepidation after I read reviews saying this wasn't the real Rainbow Loom. The one we received was the authentic Rainbow Loom and then purchased another one. My kids LOVE their Looms!
"Do not buy.  I received a counterfeit  Rainbow Loom kit from this seller.  The loom does not even match-up with the loom in the directions.  That is how i figured out it was a fake.  It does not have the red arrow like the original.  Also, a row only holds 12 bands and the original holds 25 bands.  And there is not a Rainbow loom imprint anywhere on the product it received.  You can go to the original Rainbow Loom website and it has a link that shows you how to spot a fake.  I am glad Amazon is refunding my money but I wish they would stop selling it knowing it is a fake."
"I bought this kit so my cousin could show me how to make loom bracelets. Once he showed me how, he asked me to figure out how to do certain patterns. So, here I am with a rainbow loom kit. The loom itself is very sturdy and the loom bands are high quality. I am happy with this and look forward to learning how to make other patters."
"I've always trusted Amazon to vet out their distributors; I will be more cautious in the future.  This is not the ""real"" Rainbow Loom.  If you go on the company's website they list all the ways to see if you have an authentic product.  This distributor is selling a knockoff that is packaged exactly like the real one.  Shady business practices.  It works okay but the real one doesn't have as sharp of edges for the rubber bands and adjusts easier.  I paid the same price as the real one selling at Michael's.  It was a disappointing purchase."
This is great gift for girls.  A fun activity to do with young ones during holidays. I have already bought 4 of these for gifts.
I bought this for my little brother (age 9) and he loves this thing. I'm not sure what it is with this but my brother can sit there for hours making bracelets. He loves it so 5 stars!
"Our grandchildren (ages 6-10) have had a wonderful time with this loom.  After several months, they are still avidly producing all kinds of rubber-band creations."
My daughter loves to make the bracelets by hand but she said that using the kit is difficult and she doesn't use the kit
"I ordered two rainbow looms from two different companies on Amazon. This 2nd one was from Walnut, and broke immediately (the base broke, and the clear prongs snapped off from placing a rubber band on it). My son that owns the first one, pointed out that this loom looked different, and the color of the base was different and smaller.  The box looks identical.  I phoned Amazon and they gave me a refund over the phone. They said don't bother sending it back."
My 9 year old sister LOVED this gift! Her face lit up just as I hope it would when seeing her Christmas present.
"Not what I expected.  The rainbow loom kit I  received looked aged.  It was purchased as a Christmas gift, but I was a little embarrassed to give it.  The outside of the box was warn, bent and aged.  The loom itself looked discolored from age."
"Great product works great, grandchildren put it to work right away.  Would recommend to anyone
takes a little time to learn."
"I received the Rainbow Loom brand loom with no issues and at $9.50, it was much less expensive than the ones I bought at Michaels for $14.99 each.  Michaels does not let you use their coupons on this item either."
"I bought 3 boxes of this item,  and I only Received one (1). What is the procedure in this case?

Thanks,

Juan Carlos Alvarado Cortes"
Christmas gift for me niece's kiddoes - the girl was more thrilled with it than the boy was - LOL
This was a really good pruduct. The thing is that the rows kept falling off and the hook snapped. But in ratings in the bracelets i would give this 5 stars . I made 900 bracelets in 1 month and i loved it!
"This is a fraudulent product.  Not made by the original manufacturer, and has been turned in to the authorities.  NO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!!"
"If you go to the ORIGINAL Rainbow Loom website, they help you identify fake ones.  I just bought this and when I opened it, it appeared to be the real one.  The setup on the plastic board is different from the original.  Support the original..not these fakes."
"Great Christmas gift. Better than all the electronic gadgets on the market because it gives them something to do with there ""hands"" not just there thumbs."
"Well constructed, fun and creative.  Boys and girls alike seem to enjoy creating their own jewelry.  The loom is solid and the variety of color bands and formations keeps the play new."
"Beware!  This is a counterfeit Rainbow Loom.  My daughter received this one for Christmas, her brothers got a real one.  They are different, it does not have patent #'s all over the different parts and does not have a red arrow. It also broke."
"I ordered this only to realize it's going to take a really long time to arrive.  When it arrived, it was in a strange packaging from China and I had forgotten what it was that I had ordered.  I cautiously opened it and realized it was the rainbow loom and when I opened it and by then my daughter couldn't wait for it so we had purchased one from Michael's and I compared the two, this one was a counterfeit.  It looks very similar, but the edges are rough on this one and you could easily get your fingers scratched on it and the ""red"" arrow that the description points out isn't red.  It's fully functional, but not worth the $2-3 less that you bought it for.

I had read other comments on the seller that they had received a counterfeit so I wrote to them and they were very prompt in responding and giving a refund which was the right thing to do.  I've read that there are a lot of counterfeits being sold on Amazon like pricy hair straighteners and the like, so if something is being sold really cheap, think twice!"
"Got this for my son for Christmas.  He loves it!!  I also purchased bands in Seattle Seahawks colors, and he made bracelets for the whole extended family for gameday.  Great craft to get him off the electronics."
This was exactly what I thought it would be and has already provided hours of bracelet and necklace making.  Wonderful tool for bracelet making.
My ten year old niece and her friends loved the Rainbow Loom!  She hasn't stopped making bracelets!  I just ordered a second one.
"Vert satisfied with the rainbow looms. I would purchase these again, as granddaughters loved them.  This keeps them busy making different braclets."
got it for one of my daughters and got a differant one for the other one and would choose the Rainbow Loom over any other one the bands don't stay on the other looms like the Rainbow Loom
"received a counterfeit product based on directions posted on the Rainbow Loom website of how to spot a counterfeit. No trademark on the name, no imprint on the base of the loom, no imprint on the hook. Buyer beware!"
It's fake it gives you a totally different loom than the original rainbow loom it sucks. It sucks really bad
"The loom I received from Hercules Mart through Amazon was counterfeit according to the Rainbow Loom website.  It does not have the signature red arrow or company imprints on it.  In all other aspects it looks the same, so it can be hard to tell the difference.  The Rainbow Loom is also trademarked and has a patent pending so selling a counterfeit product is illegal.  The main problem I have with this seller is not just that the loom is counterfeit, but that it was sold inside what appears to be a legitimate Rainbow Loom box.  I guess you get what you pay for."
"When I opened it I thought, right away, it's a fake Rainbow Loom.
I own several others purchased from Aaron Brothers.

The plastic is of a different and lower quality, ""more brittle"".
The parts do not fit together properly because the engineering that went into
the real Rainbow loom is clearly missing from this cheep knock off.

One clear hollowed out peg rail broke on my first separation attempt.
Because it was not in the right position when I opened the box!

Don't buy this it is a waste of your money."
I bought two of these for my daughters. I was concerned that this would be something that is easily broken but it is holding up great. My older daughter uses it multiple times a day and hasn't had any issues.
"I was a little worried about whether or not she could handle it, but with a few YouTube views and some help from me to get her started she's done fabulously.  Note she is one month away from her 7th Birthday.

Product seems to be of good quality, so no complaints there.

The instructions are a little bit dodgy - but there are tons of really good instructional videos on YouTube, so as long as you have YouTube access you've got no worries.

I would suggest buying extra bands a c-clips as they do seem to go rather fast."
Great stuff! It is also a good way to make money since im saving up for a vacation to California
These are not rainbow looms!  My child does not understand why Santa did not bring rainbow looms!  What an afoul rip off!!
My 8-year-old granddaughter loves making bracelets with the Rainbow Loom. She enjoys wearing and handing out bracelets that she's made.
"My seven year old granddaughter had lots of fun making bracelets with the loom. She had seen other people make the bracelets using a wooden board with nails and was so excited when she got this toy. It comes with instructions to make a variety of bracelet designs. It was a little difficult for her, but she loves it."
My daughter wanted this for Christmas.  I received it within the promised time frame and the quality is excellent.  The directions chart for the basic design is easy to understand and there are plenty of online videos to watch to learn new designs!!  So far it was a great present for a happy 8 year old!
"I bought this as a gift for my neice. We sat down to make the bracelets, and I am sorry to say, I had a somewhat diffcult time. It was fun, and Im sure by now she has figured out how to make them."
"I ordered a ""Rainbow Loom"" for my 7-year-old daughter for Christmas. I am positive that the item is counterfeit after researching it further and comparing against information about  authentic vs. counterfeit products on the official Rainbow Loom website.

When my daughter and I opened the package, the loom included looked nothing like the loom shown in the enclosed directions.

It had a yellow base rather than a blue base. There were no red direction arrows, which are required in order to follow the product instructions for use.

Neither the hook nor the loom carried the imprinted Rainbow Loom trademark which all authentic products have according to information on the manufacturers own website.

The box fraudulently uses the Rainbow Loom logo and image, and matches examples of counterfeits shown on the Rainbow loom website. A band of color in the top left of the box cover is blue on the authentic Loom, and mine was green.

I've written Customer Service to request a full refund of the purchase price. I will try to update my review regarding the response that I receive from the seller."
"This product (I bought from Toy Wiz) is an illegally made counterfeit version of the trademarked Rainbow Loom.  A peg broke off the loom on the second day my eight-year-old daughter used this.  I superglued it back on, just to find out that the loom board is designed backwards from the real thing.  Thus, we couldn't follow the instructions on the Rainbow Loom site to make extra bracelet designs.  There is no embossing of the Rainbow Loom logo on the loom board bottom or on the hook and the arrows on the board are not red as they are on the real thing.  There is more info on these counterfeit versions and how they can be dangerous on rainbowloom.com.  Amazon customer service was very helpful and issued a refund.  Hopefully they will put a stop to the sale of these illegally made items."
It works really well. It gives you a lot of bands. It comes instructions to make bracelets . It has 2 hooks to use. One is to take it apart and the other is to use for bracelets.  I love this loom. From a 11 year old girl .
"The three Rainbow Looms I received do not have Rainbow Loom imprints anywhere on the hook or bases as they should, the loom does not have the signature red arrow, the printing on the box is below par, the color of the hooks is off, etc."
This product  is a fake. Is not the original rainbow loom. My doughter was very sad because she was waiting the original One.
What a great product.  I now have 3 in my house and my girls love to 'loom' on a rainy day.
"I ordered 2 for my kids from SCLM. They are not genuine rainbow looms.  Go to rainbowloom.com, they have a link to
help you spot the counterfeits.  I would recommend purchasing straight from the website or going to a craft store such
as Michaels or Learning Express."
I bought this for my son for Christmas.  He has enjoyed making wrist bands with his friend and his brother.  It's great to see him excited about something other than video games.
"From the response to the gift and subsequent use of the loom it looks as if the rainbow loom is a big hit, and everything is as it should be in kid land."
"My 12 year old daughter loves the rainbow loom. It's a great activity for her to do with friends, and she truly enjoys it."
I heard a lot about the fakes out there and glad that I ordered a genuine Rainbow Loom.  I found a few broken rubber bands in the package though but my kids love it.  Thank you!
This was the must-have gift for this last Christmas and my niece was not disappointed.  She quickly mastered use of the loom for the simple fishtail design and we spent a few hours working on them together.  I bought her some charms to hook on the bracelets and she enjoyed picking out charms and making bracelets for each of her friends.
"Love the Rainbow Loom.  Not only has my daughter enjoyed many hours of making bracelets, I have enjoyed making some as well."
We got this for our 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas and are extremely pleased with it.  She is really enjoying making tons of bracelets!  Great gift for a young girl!
"My 10 yr old daughter loves it!
We got it for her as a Christmas present and she has used it everyday since!"
My 6 year old son loves making bracelets for his friends and family. This has entertained him for hours! Good buy!
"From what I hear this is the best Loom bracelet maker out there. Yes I surveyed 5 little girls and they all agreed..  Put it this way when your kid plays with it for 5 hours straight, you know the thing is worth it."
My 8 year old grandson said the one that you can take apart was better .I think it's sold at Michael's
"This was a great gift fir my niece who is 9.  It came with bands, loom and the loom tool. I didn't realize until after I purchased it that it is a generic Rainbow Loom. I should have read the details better because I didn't notice it was shipping from another country. All in all, it works great."
"My Granddaughter loves her new loom!  She wanted one so badly and this didn't disappoint!  Well made, and she loved the colors of the rubberbands that were included."
My grandchildren love their Rainbow Looms. I have spent hours watching them make bracelets and necklaces of varied patterns.  I'm amazed at how their dexterity in their fingers has improved!
I ordered two and only one came. I contacted the seller and they got back to me right away. They realized they had erred and got the 2nd one out to me quickly and in plenty of time for Christmas giving. Their customer service was awesome and the product was exactly as stated. I would absolutely do business with them again!
Simple contents. Written and visual directions unclear and limited. Cool bracelets ... I suggest finding the YouTube video that walks you through assembly.
A++++++++++++ it came a lot earlier than expected. Thank you. The product was exactly as described too. My daughters loved it.
"This is exactly what I expected it to be.  The instructions are fairly clear on how to use the loom, but they could have been better.  I got this for my 5 year old who loves making friendship braclets and this is a bit to difficult for her.  Mostly it's because of the tool that you use to pick up and move the rubber bands with.  With practice I'm sure she will master it though."
I bought two of these for Christmas gifts for my niece and nephew. They absolutely love them and have made tons of rings and bracelets since Christmas Day!
"Hours and hours of fun..  The ""basic"" instructions for one bracelet are included.  After that, videos on Youtube help with new designs.  They bring the bracelets to school and trade them.

It did take my 7 year old a bit of practice to get it right without frustration, but after a few attempts, he became a pro!"
"I am so sad to report this but I have an authentic loom (which we totally and completely love) and strongly believe that this one is NOT authentic. On the front opening flap it says formerly ""knowM"" instead of knowN- There is a circled R after rainbow loom as in its a registered trademark NOT owned by the persons who printed the box  (authentic one has none) and the CHA award is covered up by a sticker. INSIDE the hook and the loom itself are BOTH missing the logo labeling that the authentic one has.
I read about it, I assumed they'd fixed the issue and ordered it anyway. I called amazon and was refunded immediately. Thank you amazon- certainly buyer beware- if you don't care go for it. I just don't like buying anything that isn't authentic as knock off quality is usually lacking as well as the fact that I shouldn't have to pay full price for a fake."
"I had already purchased an off brand at ToyRus for my daughter for christmas and had it wrapped under the tree.  I thought it would be wise for me to search for how to's so that I could help her.  Well, I noticed everyone was using the Rainbow Loom brand.  One even calling it the Cadillac of the knock off looms currently out there.  So, I thought I would join my daughter in the fun and ordered me the Cadillac version of the looms-Rainbow Loom.  Of course no sooner did I place the order, it was shipped.  Which generally is a good thing, well, then I started to read other reviews and was getting rather worried I had a fake.  It's just as easy for sellers to find the authentic box and paste it to show us for buying.  So, I went to online chat to see if they can help determine if it was a fake or not.  Even though the lady was very helpful, I had to wait to see if I indeed had the real thing or not since it had shipped.  I was very relieved to see that I had the authentic loom.  If you go to there website [...] they do have a link to show you what to look for.  I highly recommend for first time buyers of this loom to check out there site and know the differences in the box to the tools themselves.  you'll be amazed at what you start to find and how easy it is to get a fake.  I got very lucky, but the people before me who bought from this seller, were not.  So it's hard to say, if Amazon cracked down on them about this issue, to which would explain my authentic one?, who knows.....just be careful and do the research....I'm thinkin of getting my daughter a Cadillac version (rainbow loom) because this loom was a much better loom then the knock off brand I got her.  She was able to use it much easier then hers.  Beside's I wanted to make sure she would take an interest in this before I invested to much into it.  I'm happy with mine and hope many of you find this helpful when your ready to get yours."
This is the most frustrating thing I have ever used! If u can read directions really good then u will love it
This product came super quick!! My niece got it for her Christmas gift! All parts and bands were there.  She has been super looming ever since!
This is not a good item.  First of all what they charge $17.00 for is 600 small rubberbands and a plastic loom.  The directions in the box are a Joke and the only way you can navigate this set is to go online.  It took three intelligent adults about three hours of trials and tribulations from the online instructions to successfully make the most basic of bracelets.  This set is truly worth no more than $5.00 and should not be listed as a child's toy.
Did not get brand Rainbow Loom but something else.  Too late to return b/c christmas was here already.  Bad advertisement
"RainbowLoom.com has lots of very clear, happy instructions for making the bracelets.  I tried a couple myself and loved it.  This kit contains the versatile, sturdy loom plus another mini loom attachable to the sturdy hook.  Very pleased with the thoughtful design and wonderful online explanations.  Use of the Loom teaches organization, observation, focus, and the reason instructions should be followed exactly.  Rainbow Loom @ 2012 by Choon's Design LLC, USA is a wonderful product  which will entertain for years."
"I made the mistake of buying this without first reading the reviews. Only after my kids noticed that it was different than the one we got from a local craft store did we figure out that this was counterfeit and potentially dangerous (see [...]

But here's the thing: complaining here in the reviews won't do a lot of good; Amazon staffers don't read these things. You need to tell Amazon.com that the unit you got is fake, and that they need to take the listing down. The feedback form is here: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/contact-us/ref=hp_ss_comp_cu?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508510

Then, if you're in the U.S., contact the National IPR Coordination Center and report the seller. This will allow the federal government to open an investigation that might lead to actual penalties for the people who defrauded you. The form to report counterfeit goods is here: [...]"
everything your child needs in one box to make plenty of accessories. only thing is i randomly found the same box at my local gas station for almost half the price.
My granddaughter loved it!
It wasn't exactly what was on the box.  Two kids got the same gift but the instructions and content were totally different.  The loom was a little different and the hook was totally different.  Once we figure out how to hook all of the rubberbands I think it will work fine.  Maybe it was an old version.
my friend's daughter likes it and has already made 6 bracelets. She found it easy to learn how to do it.
"Bought this a few months ago as a christmas present, not knowing it was a fake (it looks exactly like the real one?) and before all these other reviewers mentioned it's inauthenticity. Other than the parts being sharp and poorly constructed (the real one is not like this) I am sad that I did not support Mr. Choon who invented the real one out of his house. Thinking of buying the real one anyway and since it's too late to return this one, using it for extra parts. Do not buy!!"
"Was unable to find this product locally, but ordered online and was definitely my son's favorite Christmas gift! Great gift for children: even those who aren't usually ""crafty!"""
"Immediately upon opening it my daughter began making everyone in the family bracelets and rings and didn't want to do anything else. Now she takes it everywhere with her and even makes them in the car, its a big hit."
"I regret not reading the negative reviews carefully before buying. This product is a cheap fake.  It is packed to look real (the orginal packaging photo has been copied) but the loom is inferior to the real thing.  The hooks break off easily and the blue parts on the bottom (that hold the three part loom together), which are meant to snap off easily ( to enable making other designs), do not come off without breaking the loom.  Yes, my son was able to use it for awhile to make bracelets but it's deficiencies became apparent after awhile.  We now have broken pieces instead of a loom. I have now chosen to buy an authentic loom from a different website called ToyWiz.  The site alerts customers to counterfeit looms.  Amazon should do the same!"
I purchased this loom for my younger cousin who previously had another type of loom. She said it makes longer bracelets although the same patterns may be performed with either loom.
This was a purchase for Christmas that was more than well received.  I really don't think it has actually had a rest once in that past week!
"Just as expected, shipped quickly and in perfect condition! Christmas morning the kids were so excited and started making bracelets right away."
daughter loves the rainbow loom.  made many things since christmas.  great for time off school.  would recommend it to any child.
"Took a long time to get the item and it broke after a day, my kids barely made 3 looms."
"I bought this for my daughter from Santa.  She was actually the one that noticed that this rainbow loom wasn't like the ""real"" ones b/c missing the text on the back that says ""Rainbow Loom"".  Shortly afterward the plastic rows BROKE and the crochet needle BROKE.  Also all the other reviews saying this is fake are dead on.  I went to a local craft store to buy a replacement for this POS that lasted 2 days and the difference is striking.  While the REAL loom has smooth edges and is easy for my 5 year old to use the fake one is a constant struggle with sharp edges and cheap bands.

RUN AWAY and DON'T but this thing!  Get the real thing!

Also...Amazon.com...PLEASE Stop profiting from the sale of cheap dangerous counterfeit products!  This is seriously making me rethink my Prime subscription."
"The ""Rainbow Loom"" came with several parts missing. It was clearly a fake loom. I purchased this for my daughter because she wanted one of her own after her brother had bought one locally. When she pulled it out of the box it looked totally different than his! Then we realized the trademark and copyright markings were all missing from the box and instructions, the pictures were all blurry, and there were other little differences in the packaging and the printing. It would have been okay if the fake loom had still worked, but it didn't have enough posts to make a full sized bracelet and when she did one row it came out about a third of the length a bracelet would be. Furthermore, since it was missing parts she couldn't even really make anything. I was really disappointed (and so was my daughter)!"
"This is made to look like a real Rainbow Loom, but it is a counterfeit.  It does not have the red directional arrow, the ends are sharp and scratchy, the channels were not assembled correctly (did not line up as in directions), the plastic is inferior, the instructions are full of grammatical and spelling errors, and the needle broke when attempting to disassemble the loom to put it back together correctly.  I realized all this when I bought a second loom directly from a certified retailer and compared the two.  Who knows what it is made of and how much lead it contains?  Save your money and only buy a real Rainbow Loom from an approved online or brick & mortar retailer.  Amazon should not allow these third party sellers to scam people by misrepresenting their product."
"The loom I received from seller SCLM was counterfeit - does not have any of the markings for Rainbow Loom brand, the red arrow is missing, and the pegs are all sharp-edged and ill-shaped. Be careful to make sure you receive an authentic Rainbow Loom."
"Do not buy this. I purchased this for my daughter and it's horrible! The loom has sharp edges and the loops are too close together. This is a bad knock off, will be returning"
"My kid cant put this down. It got him off the electronics. Affordable.
Brings out the focus and creativity in a kid. Recommended for anyone 6 and up."
This is not the original but it sure it pretending to be!  The edges of the loom are sharp. The rubber bands snap easily.
My daughter LOVES this rainbow loom and it was exactly what she wanted and shipped fast and made it here by Christmas Day! Thank you!!
"My stepdaughter hasn't stopped making bracelets since she got this.  I also bought 1800 bands for her, and she has a ton left, but has probably made 50 bracelets so far."
"Granddaughter loves it, has not stopped using it--will have to buy more elastics soon. Great product for a great price"
Bought this as a gift for Christmas and it was received very well. The little girls loved it. It's a great value.
"My daughter loves it. It is fun, it really gets her entertain for hours, and it is very easy to use. She finds videos of different designes online and she really enjoy making braceles, rings, and necklaces with this."
This was the hot item for the grade school bunch.  My Grandson wanted this more than anything for Christmas.  It did not disappoint.  He loves it..... made bracelets all day Christmas.
"I wish I had read other reviews before purchasing this item, it is clearly not the real Rainbow Loom and my son is having difficulty using it, as the features are somewhat different.  The photos on the box are even poor blurry photocopies and there are typos everywhere.  I'm going to try to return it, but by other reviews it sounds like I may not have much luck.  What saddens me is my son purchased this with his own Christmas money.  So they ripped off a 7 year old.  I'm editing my review because I'd like to add that there are a ton of sellers on Amazon selling Rainbow Loom.  Mine came from TruNorth Products, which has 100% feedback rating and states it is the real thing.  So be really careful.  I was able to return it and am buying again from another seller, so keeping my fingers crossed.  My daughter has the real thing, so I have a frame of reference.  Good luck!"
We're still waiting to get this. Very disappointed and I'm just the gramma. Other grand daughters have one and love it. Hope it arrives soon so I can deliver it to our patient grand daughter.
"Do not purchase this product, bc it is not the original ""RAINBOW LOOM"" this is false advertisement, and im a little disappointed that Amazon would support a seller that's dishonest like this! Very disappointed in this purchase, my daughters broke in half on the 2nd time she used it!"
"Strongly recommend this item. My daughter (11) has made so many nifty bracelets and ornaments and other crafts. Took her no time to get the hang of it, watched a lot of YouTube instructionals to create some of neater items... Like a Baby Jesus in a manger! She adores it, I am thrilled she has found a craft to pour into. She tells me it has more options than other loom products she has."
I actually bought this for my son. He loves it!  It made it before Christmas and was one of his favorite gifts. There's lots of tutorials on YouTube so I think the Rainbow Loom will be in use for a while!
"I ordered two of the ""rainbow looms"" for my daughter and niece for Christmas, I am so disappointed! This thing is garbage! I knew something wasn't right when I was showing my daughter how to use it and was getting frustrated with the poor quality so I looked on the rainbow loom website and discovered how to spot a fake and this is a FAKE! FAKE! FAKE!!!

UPDATE 1/2/2014:
Before I return the counterfit, I wanted to compare the quality of an authenic Rainbow Loom so I went to my local craft store and purchased an authentic Rainbow Loom and the quality difference is astounding! Fist I noticed the box itself is more heavy duty, on the top of the box in the bottom right hand corner the product regustration appears, on the fake the sku is covered and the website is clearly printed on the front flap of the authentic on; on the authentic one the top of the pegs are smooth, not sharp so when my daughter slips the bands on the don't get nicked and become more suseptible to breakage, when we separate the rows of pegs to make different designs, it doesn't feel as though they will snap, the hook, is more ""hooked"" making it easier to grab the bands and up until now I thought a band is a band is a band but not true, the band that came with the authentic loom feel more durable and stretch further without breaking and they are labled with a choking hazard warning whereas with the counterfit they are not. Beware, the product pictured when I purchased was of an authentic loom but what I received was not, I guess that's one of the benefits of buying from brick and mortar, you know what you're getting when you buy. For more information on how to spot the counterfits, check out the rainbow loom website."
"I found out that this is counterfeit after I visited the Rainbow Loom website! This place should be sued by the original Rainbow Loom for stating this is authentic! Shame on them! AMAZON needs to look into this and dismiss this seller from ever selling items on Amazon ever again. This definitely is going back. I would give this zero stars if I could. I usually read reviews...but this time after I saw the high stars, I didn't read them this time because I had two minutes to order to get it shipped that day. Live and learn."
"Oh, I wish I had read more of the reviews for this product before ordering it for my daughter. It arrived yesterday and we quickly discovered it to be counterfeit!! The pegs are not marked and the ""Rainbow Loom"" logo is not imprinted on the bottom of the blue pieces. It is cheaply made and the pegs have sharp edges. There is also a chemical smell as another consumer mentioned. If you receive one of these looms, go to the Rainbow Loom official site and make a report."
"I bought this for my 11 year old niece. She loves it, and it amazes me that I found something that does not involve computers/electronics that occupies her time. I'll keep the refill bands coming in! The package arrived promptly. Good buy and definitely would recommend for the pre-teen set."
Makes making a braclet SOOOO Much easier!
It is FAKE!!!!!!!  I got two of the FAKE rainbow loom but the edges are sharp and one of the pegs broke! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!
"First, the whole making-jewelry-out-of-rubber-bands concept has consequences. How, you ask? Well, if you're kid makes it too tight, it could cut off the circulation to their wrists or, if they make a necklace, could choke them. I can see the lawsuits coming in in the next few years, just watch.

Also, whether by intention or not, those rubber bands will go flying for most kids, as a lot of them would never have enough patience to make the jewelry to begin with. And let's not forget what rubber bands are made of: latex. Lots of people, not just kids, can get allergic or skin reactions from latex, depending in how bad their allergy is.

Bottom line: I do not recommend this product what-so-ever. And if you think I'm wrong, just wait. In a few years, you'll realize I was right."
"While this loom works and makes bracelets, it came from a FOREIGN ADDRESS.  The box was shipped from China.  The loom is different than my daughters' friends looms.  It works, but I was looking for the exact same item.  It has the same name and same pic as theirs.  Clearly a knockoff."
"This has provided many many hours of enjoyment already in the past week since christmas.  She got another one as a gift which normally would be a bad thing.  In this case, you can do more with two looms.  I've since ordered another couple looms for some other kids."
"Great product - hit of the season - all kids LOVE it. Quality is great, highly recommended to all ages~"
"shes 6 and has mastered the art of the loom! very fun idea, really helps with teaching them patterns and what not, plus you end up with a cool bracelet :)"
"I bought this for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas. She was thrilled!  It's the same one that most stores carry, but the stores here were out! So, I was glad to find it on Amazon"
"My 10 year old daughter loves this, although it could comes with better directions and more ideas.  It comes with basic directions and that's it."
The Rainbow Loom from TruNorth Products is Counterfeit.  Luckily Amazon has been more then wonderful on handling the return.  Just a FYI for someone looking for an authentic product.  I'm going to Micheal's crafts to get one now.. learned my lesson.
"When we had issues with the product I checked out the Rainbow Loom website I was shocked to find that I was sold a counterfeit. Buyer beware!  Instead of returning the merchandise, I threw it out and bought a proper replacement. Buyer beware!"
"THIS IS NOT ""RAINBOW LOOM BRAND"", it is a generic knock off! We have a Rainbow Loom Brand that we purchased from the company directly so I have one to compare these two. We purchased one and then I purchased another one from a different seller because the first one that came was a knock off and so was the second one. The seller was listed as ""Top Trends"" and ""Als-Deals"". They knock off's come in the Rainbow Loom box as in the picture BUT the real Rainbow Loom have the names on all pieces and you can tell it is better quality. These are cheaply made, it broke after the kids using it for a bout two weeks."
Spent several hours making rings and bracelets for each other and for their cousins.  Nicer than the cheaper versions for sure.
"Save your time and money and go to a local craft store.  The online seller (Di Di Do) sent  me a forgery. It looks similar, but is a different density and doesn't seperate for larger projects. The box is slightly skewed and the directions appear to be a copy.  Not impressed."
I bought this for my eight year old and she LOVES it. Its easy to use and comes with several colors of bands and instructions.
"My kids love this!  Hours of fun!  We have spent a lot of family time together doing these. When done, they love to show them off to friends and at school."
It broke the same day they received it. I thought I was buying the real  Rainbow Loom but it wasn't .
"I was afraid to order after reading all the posts about counterfeit looms and I needed this quickly, but if it helps anyone out there---DuckyToys sold us the real thing and it arrived within two days.  My 5 year old is having fun making the bracelets."
"It's a simple toy simply packaged.  For the price, it is a good quality toy. Easy to use, easy to figure out even if you didn't want to read the instructions.  Ordering it from Amazon was way better than driving all over town to find it in stores.  12 year old niece enjoyed it very much."
"Instructions were so terrible we had to look at a video on youtube. The loom makes such small bracelets that
we had to figure out a way to make longer ones."
"I definitely got one of the counterfeit looms when I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas.  I did not know about the counterfeit issue until going to the Rainbow Loom website to look for tutorials (the instruction sheet that came with the loom is terrible!).  On their website is where I saw all of the information about counterfeit looms being sold.  Wish I would have done my research first!

Our loom does work.  We are able to move the middle row up and down, depending on which pattern we are making.
There is no ""red arrow"" per instructions in their tutorials, but we drew one with a Sharpie marker.
I don't notice any chemical smells like other reviewers mention.
The biggest drawback is the somewhat sharp edges on the top of the loom pegs!  We've tried several times to make one of the more complicated bracelets, only to have bands break while removing finished product from the loom.  At first, I thought it was the quality of the bands, but soon realized it's the sharp edges on the pegs!  Very disappointing after all that time and effort to make something!!!"
In this original rainbow loom box was ian un-original product. It was a gift for my 10 year old niece and she told me that it was not authentic. The hook and rubber bands were not rainbow loom it was a fake. Very disappointing. Can you please look into this thank you.
This was a Christmas present for our 11 year old daughter. We have been busy making bracelets together and have even purchased a second kit. This allows us to work next to each other or combine the looms for making longer bracelets with more detailed designs. It's fun to make and share with friends. We look forward to buying more rubber band refills.
"I think it depends exactly on the seller you are buying it from. The one i purchased from I believe gave me a knock off. The base components were pink and small, not large and blue like on the official page. This proved to make things difficult as the added support was not there. Also one of the base ends broke while making an advanced bracelet. It still works but wish I would have bought it directly from the official website to be sure I didn't a get a knockoff from a seller on amazon."
My daughter received a knock-off version of the Rainbow Loom as a gift. But it was difficult to use. I decided to purchase the real thing and its much better! the design is much more user-friendly than the knock-off. I like to see her creating various things on it vs texting her friends or playing on the computer
My 12 year old granddaughter loves her loom.  She is very busily making bracelets for everyone.  It apparently is very easy to use and showed me examples of the verious patterns she has made.  It is a great gift for those who enjoy crafts.
"I purchase one of these through Amazon and it turned out to be a counterfeit product.  I'd recommend only purchasing these through authorized dealers as shown on the Rainbow Loom website.

Amazon did refund my purchase, but I decided to purchase my replacement through an authorized dealer."
"The original Loom kit that started it all. The loom is high quality and using it is a breeze compared to some copycats looms out there. We can feel the difference in the loom parts. We have two types and this is by far the better one, the other copycat loom does not work as well due to it's non cylindrical poles."
"This product is fake. Poor quality! We already had purchased one from a local craft store. We ordered additional ones so our daughter could make bigger things. I began to examine the loom when our daughter said ""they looked used"". I noticed right away this wasn't the same quality as the one we had. Plastic was rough, smelled of harsh chemicals, no trademark on bottom of base, the book and instructions were clearly copied and photo shopped from the original maker. I have requested a refund from seller FAST EDDIE and I am shipping these back tomorrow. How sad for these to be sold on Amazon. Also, to have your child disappointed about something she was SO excited and anxiously awaiting delivery! I have read of many sellers bad reviews of this same thing happening., now that I have investigated a little. BEWARE!"
"I just bought one of these for my son.  We already owned one that was purchased at a craft store in our area.  When it arrived I was surprised to realize it was a fake!  There should be a stamp on the back of each blue piece which was missing on the one that we ordered.  Also, the hook was a different shape and was not stamped either and it should be. The real thing is made of smooth strong clear plastic.  The one we received was very sharp and cracked when I tried to separate the sections. upon closer inspection, I realized even the box looked and felt different.  There were not trademark or copyright symbols and the name ""Rainbow loom"" had been omitted in many areas.  Even the instruction manual was goofy.  There were a lot of misspelled words and it was faded and in a different order.  For a few cents more you can go to your local craft store and get the real thing."
"My son was so excited to get the ""Rainbow Loom"" for Christmas and 3 days later it cracks, and then cracks again. Now it is broken in a bunch of pieces. My son is upset, and now I need to go find a ""REAL"" rainbow loom to replace it. This items is a counterfeit. I bought two real ""Rainbow Looms"" for my other 2 kids and there was a huge difference in quality.

The edges are sharp and kids could cut their fingers on them. These looms should be recalled NOW and everyone should get their money returned."
Kids spent hours playing with these and made several items that they enjoyed.  Thanks for making a great product.  Patrick
"my granddaughters love it! I do wish you would have included patterns in the original loom kit other than the basic bracelet.. sometimes our internet doesn't work very well and it  has been time consuming and frustrating to look for instructions.  I recently bought more bands.. but I didn't buy a second loom.. It has increased their tolerance/patience/creativity as while one is involved with creating a project, the other interacts, encourages, and plans HER next project!"
"As soon as I told my sister that I bought this for my girls she warned me about the counterfeit versions that are apparently being sold all over amazon.com. Thankfully, with the aid of a pdf document I found online I was able to verify that the one I received was real. Unfortunately, the one she ordered for her son proved to be a counterfeit. She kept it and he seems to be enjoying it every bit as much as the others are enjoying theirs so hopefully his doesn't prove harmful in anyway.

As for the ""real deal"" that I got my girls, they LOVE it! They've been having a blast making bracelets for everyone they know. Perhaps the best part of this product is that it keeps them engaged and quiet (without the aid of TV or electronic devices, GASP!) for relatively long periods of time which is wonderful for this weary moms sanity. All in all, I would definitely recommend this product. That said, if you are concerned about getting a counterfeit product, or about having to pay shipping to send a counterfeit back, then you may want to buy it at a local craft store like Michael's."
"I received a counterfeit Rainbow Loom  -- your results may vary. Knock offs don't have embossing on them, have sharp edges and other issues. Be careful when buying these online! Very disappointed."
I bought this rainbow loom as a Christmas gift for my daughter. At first glance the box looks just like the box I've seen at craft stores. When she opened it Christmas Day we realized it's NOT the same. It's cheap light weight plastic that breaks easily.  It doesn't have the arrows and it's a different length. My daughter became very frustrated which caused her to be in tears on Christmas morning. I'm very frustrated as well.  Today I went to the craft store and bought the real thing. Now I've paid twice as much as I should have paid and my poor daughters Christmas gift didn't bring joy.
"My 9-y daughter loves it very much. It has good quality and has good design. She use half an hour to make her 1st bracelet ""fishtail"". It is easy for her to use and create. She tells me that this is the best Christmas Gift.

BTW, the rubber bands in the package have good quality. Don't break and have good color."
"Ordered back in August to hold onto for Christmas because they were sold out in our area. After opening the package (which looked legitimate) and doing a comparison to information online, we could tell that the item was a counterfeit imitation. Unfortunately, it's been too long for me to return the product but I'll be sure to avoid purchasing this item or its accessories through Amazon or any 3rd party sellers again."
"When watching the video tutorials for making bracelets, I wondered why our loom didn't have the ""red arrows"" that are referenced.  A few minutes of research later and I know that this is a counterfeit.  The edges are rough, not smooth, the bottom is blank instead of being imprinted with the real maker's information, and the aforementioned red arrows are clear.  Buyer beware.

The loom itself is fun and my 8 year old enjoys making bracelets, so I will give a 3 star rating."
I bought this for my son to make the more challenging bracelets and it works great. Now if I could find a place to put all the bracelets I would be one happy mom.
I bought this as a gift for someone who already had one and it was a big hit. She said she could expand what she's doing. If my young friend is happy I am too. Everyone I talk to knows this product.
"I would recommend this product.  I bought 2 and bought another at a retail store.  The packaging on this product is very much smaller than the one bought in the store, and the price was the same.. I have 3 busy kids using pretty much the same product.  Only difference I saw was the color of the looms..  these are clear (and can be taken apart and re-esembelled into a different form) and the one from the store is blue and a solid piece.."
I bought two of these one for my granddaughter and one for my grandson.  They both have make almost 59 bracelets and are giving them to friends and relatives.  A great hit.  I was worried they would not arrive for Christmas but Amazon got them here on Christmas Eve!
"After experiencing cut fingers and having an edge break, I checked the Rainbow Loom website and realized that I was sold a fake. I bought this product, because there is no indication on the package in the online picture to show otherwise. It is not until you open the box that you can see the differences. The edges are sharp and there are no Rainbow Loom inprints on the hook or center of the loom."
"I did not receive a Rainbow Loom, I received a Royal Loom Bands Kit, and purchased a Rainbow Loom at Michaels."
My granddaughter loved this inexpensive gift.  I haven't seen it in action - just the finished products that she has been making.  It must really not be difficult to use although she did say that she looked at a YouTube video to figure out one of the designs - she is 10.
I bought this as one of my daughters Christmas presents she has not set it down yet. Quality seems to good.
I had ordered two of these Rainbow Looms for a couple of my grandchildren. They were so excited to get them at Christmas! Thank you.
Everyone loves to receive the Rainbow Loom.  Make sure to get extra rubber bands.  Utube makes leaning to make braclets easy.
It is so crapy it won't stop falling apart you will not be able to build one braclet on it.
This was for my youngest granddaughter and she has made several bracelets.  She is working on a key chain now.
"The first day my child was using it, it broke easily.  The base wasn't be able to stay tightly. From the video online, we saw others are using much steadier product. I bought this one because it looks exactly the same as original box. I would have paid less for other brand product."
"I could not believe this happened to me, but after checking for all of the distinguishing marks of the ""authentic"" Rainbow Loom, I found that I had purchased a counterfeit one!!!  I am very disappointed in Amazon as I have always had the utmost confidence in their website, but this transaction has caused me to have doubts.  I went to the Rainbow Loom website and they gave explicit details on what to look for to make sure you had the real Rainbow Loom and I surely did NOT have the real thing!  Mine has none of the distinguishing marks."
This item arrived damaged and does not appear to be a genuine Rainbow Loom.  It is cheap and broke easily.  Very disappointed.
"I bought this for my niece for christmas and in no time she was churning out rubber band bracelets for the whole family, i'm still wearing mine.  The loom is adjustable and is capable of making many different bracelet designs."
My kids tried the rubber band loom from 5 Below which worked very well but found they could not do the hexafish type bands because there is no space between the bars. The official Rainbow Loom seems to be the most flexible loom and is of high quality.
"Product is  knock-off, not what is advertised as a rainbow loom, sharp edges and does not have red arrows or rainbow loom embroidered on blue bracket

sellor is aware od this I am sure and should sell them at a lower price, not as a genuine rainbow loom"
Be aware that this is not the original Rainbow loom.  It broke within a few uses.  The box is a bad copy of the original.
"This took a little longer to arrive than I thought it would, but no biggie. Kids were happy and a currently having fun with it. You may wanna get some extra rubber bands for it. They go quick."
"My grandchildren were thrilled with their Rainbow Loom.  It's not easy to do, for the younger children, but it
depends on their skill level."
loom was broken when received has sharp edges.  Stay clear go to local store it will have rainbow loom in the plastic
Bought this for my grandchildren.  Item was as described.  Kind of cheap bands but I guess they are like all the other things made in China.
"Rainbow Loom ROCKS.  Love the rags-to-riches entrepreneurial story of the inventor and his family.  We bought our first Rainbow Loom in Michaels.  Amazon temporarily dropped the price to $9.50 a few days ago so we grabbed a second loom (so I could have my own instead of trying to steal my daughters :)  The loom is great but two issues:  <1> it is missing the ""red arrow"" sticker so I didn't know which way to point. <2> The loom was assembled backwards.  This matters once you start doing looping patterns such as single triple. Luckily my daughter reassembled it for me easily and now it works fine (except for missing arrow). Maybe that is why it was on sale?
Anyway, those issues aside, this is a FANTASTIC product and invention. Kids and parents love it!"
Purchased 2 of these and the girls started to put it together right away..they didn't figure out how to get it off the board to finish the bracelet but they will
"My thirteen year old granddaughter screamed YAY when she opened the Rainbow Loom on Christmas morning.  She turned to her Mother and said ""all my friends wanted this!""  I added a box full of the assorted colored bands to complete the gift."
"My children received a Rainbow Loom (purchased at my local craft store) and an XBox for Christmas this year.  They played one racing game and then ""loomed"" for three hours.  They loomed ALL day yesterday and didn't touch the Xbox once.  Looks like they're doing the same thing today.

YouTube has a lot of great bracelet tutorials, although my children -- 8 and 12 -- were able to do the basic bracelet by following the instructions included with the RL.  My sister-in-law gave us a different bracelet loom and the instructions included with that one were pitiful in comparison.

Definitely a 5 star product, since the kids prefer it over video games! :o)"
"I ordered the Rainbow Loom for my daughter and received a knock off. She also got one for Christmas as a gift from someone else. Upon looking at both looms, it was discovered that they were different. The one she got as a gift clearly says Rainbow Loom on the blue piece in the middle. The one I ordered does not say Rainbow Loom and it was set up different and did not have the red arrow on the clear part. Wasted money because she obviously wants to use the real Rainbow Loom. Very disappointing!!"
"My daughter got this for Christmas. It came in the rainbow loom box but it's mising the red arrows, no rainbow loom markings printed on the plastic and the edges are sharp. It just fell on the carpet (from table height) and two of the pegs cracked right off. Daughter is devastated. I will replace by going to Michaels where I know I can get the real thing. Very disappointed."
"It was the rainbow loom I was hoping to get in the mail, but the way they shipped it was horrible. I opened the box and the rainbow loom looked like it had been ran over. Hard to gift a rainbow loom that looks destroyed."
"The item I received was not the Rainbow Loom, but a cheap -knock off. I did not return it because it was so close to Christmas. I guess I should have expected that it not be the real item because it was priced so low. In the future, I will probably not order from secondary sellers."
This is a KNOCKOFF!! My daughter was so disappointed on Christmas morning. The pegs were sharp and it all smelled toxic. Do not buy!! We returned our two and bought the real ones at Michael's.
They sent us the crazy loom not Rainbow loom. They show the rainbow loom box when you order but that is not what they sent! I have asked them to change their advertisement but it remains the same. We had to run out to Michaels last minute for the real loom! The Krazy loom they sent is reeeeaaaly cheap. Be Leary of buying from this resaler.
This is a fake product!  The Loom does not work.  It is made backwards so the original Rainbow Loom  bracelets cannot be made.  Do not buy this!
"I bought 4 of these.  Two for my daughter (so that she can join 2 together to make longer looms) and two to give for birthday gifts.

The first two we opened looked the same, but on closer inspection you can see that one of the boards was clearer than the other (which was very slightly foggy).

The problem was the backing from the one did not fit in to the holes of the other unit so we could never join them properly.  Spent 15 minutes trying to figure out what we were doing wrong.  Finally opened up one of the other units we had got to give away and fit right in!!  Although I must say the connection is pretty loose.  And easily disconnects.  (especially when removing the bands from the posts when you are done.)

Great idea.  Great design.  Bad quality.

Also the rubber bands it comes with is average quality.  It comes with about 20 colors and some of the colors are ugly and only include a few bands.  It would have been much better to have no more than 10 colors and equal amount of each color."
"Heard this was all the rage, so bought for a little girl in my family as a gift.  She finds it cumbersome.  Someone showed her how to make the bracelets using a plastic fork and she prefers that method.  The loom, while interesting, is unnecessary and a waste of money."
"I ordered 2 of these for my daughters thinking they were the ""real"" Rainbow Looms, and like other reviewers before me, found out this is NOT what is advertised.  This is NOT the Rainbow Loom.  I got 2 boxes in the mail that look NOTHING like this, part of the writing on the box is foreign, and the extra rubber bands were loose in the package, and there was no receipt.  After seeing all the negative reviews about people getting ripped off, I can not believe Amazon is still allowing this to be sold as Rainbow Loom.  I have contacted Amazon, and they will be contacting the seller to request a pre-paid return label as I will NOT be paying to return the junk I received."
"After reading other brands' reviews I decided to pay more for this product. First of all the loom was not put correctly which I was able to fix by disassembling it, but by doing so the hook's base opener notch broke off. The hook is so flimsy, and now after the third bracelets it's visibly bent. Supposedly it came with enough bands for 24 bracelets, but I'm pretty sure the hook won't last that long. Thirdly It didn't come with design instructions except a basic one. Their web offers good instructions, but it is not too convenient. Lastly (this is minor) the arrow is not marked red like the lady on the web says. I gave two stars since the base is working."
"Rainbow Looms are great, but when we ordered one for our daughter from Tanyas Tots through Amazon, what we received was NOT the real thing. It was a counterfeit, with inferior loom and bands. The pictures shown on Amazon ARE of the real thing, and the box that arrived was nearly identical to the real thing, made to deceive. There were several difference in the box ... a couple typos, letters placed differently. And inside was the knock-off loom. One plug for Amazon: When made aware of the problem, they quickly reimbursed us for the purchase."
"What a fun idea! I got this for my daughter for Christmas after she got one of these rubber band bracelets at a craft fair. I knew it hadn't really dawned on her that she could make them. She was SO excited to get this, I could have spent the $15 and skipped the rest of her Christmas gifts!

I saw a child psychologist on TV one time that would always get kids drawing/coloring with him and it would make it much easier to talk to them. That's what this does, I have learned more about what's going on in my daughter's life working on these silly little bracelets with her than I have in the prior year, I swear! It's a great project to bond over.

My daughter is 6, I know she has friends that are 5 and are able to do the simpler designs by themselves without a problem. They all love it.

Tips for parents:
-Your local craft store will have a perfect band organizer for much less expense than online. I think mine was $5 with a coupon.

- Get a great big, flat cosmetic bag to put the loom, hooks and in-progress projects in this bag and store it on top of the band case. The box and inner tray aren't worth keeping.

-Get plenty of bands and just vacuum up and throw away all the ones you find on the floor, it's so not worth the sorting!

- Order rubber bands in presorted colors, and then ration them kind of as needed into the case. Don't put more in there than you want to sit and sort. Learn that the hard way! It's much more fun for my 2 year old to dump them than it is for us to sort them!"
My daughter loved the gift. Made lots of bracelets and was entertained for hours. Would recommend it to a friend.
"This is a gift my granddaughter was dying to get so we purchased it for one of her Chistmas presents.
At first she had some difficulties following the instructions in the box but there was also a website they could go to for step by step video instructions.  As we were leaving I could tell she was having a great time creating bracelets with the loom.  Well worth it!"
"I purchased this product for my 12 year old daughter. The second day she had it,  the hook broke and the third day the actual loom broke. We then bought one at Micheal's and compared them, realizing this one was a fake. Amazon customer service was very understanding and refunded the money. I do not recommend this product."
"This looks like a real rainbow loom, but the edges are much sharper.  I don't like this considering I bought it for my 6-year-old.  In addition, the real one has a red up arrow, which makes it easier to start a bracelet.  You can get a real Rainbow Loom at Michaels for $14.99."
"This loom has endless possibilities.  We made all kinds of different patterns and had hours of fun.  The entire family ended up getting involved.  As I write this my 7 year old has 9 colorful bracelets on his wrist, including fishtails and star bursts. This gift was number one at our house this christmas.  Love how this loom is fun and let's the kids be creative(and the adults too!) :)"
"This is not a real ""Rainbow Loom"".  It's a counterfit product.  If you get a real Rainbow Room, the quality is much better."
This product is advertised as a rainbow loom but directions and product are clearly fakes!!! Do not buy this product!!!
"My daughter received this for Christmas and has not stopped making bracelets, the instructions do leave a little to be desired but they are pretty helpful."
Very Nice PRICE and my son is enjoying this product. I got it on time and very happy with it. I recommend this product to anyone!
"When my kid told me this is not the real one I couldn't believe, then we went to a local store (Michaels) and bought another set, now I can tell, what I got is COUNTERFEIT."
"This has provided hours of entertainment for my 9 year old daughter! These ""band bracelets"" are so popular to wear right now. She has learned to make several different variations of the bracelets. Great gift!"
"Santa brought this for my daughter this Christmas. She has been making bracelets non-stop since she opened it! I've already ordered more rubber bands! It does come with a bag of 600, so it's plenty to start with. I wonder if looms can be attached to make longer things, like a necklace? Haven't looked into that yet."
I got it earlier today and I love it!! peaple were saying it smelled like chemicals when the got it so I was afraid that I just waisted my money. but when I got it it smelled perfectly fine! I love it!!
Christmas present for my daughter. She loved it! Bracelets are easy to make and instructions are simple. Great product! This would make a great present for any young girl.
"I gave this to my 10 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it. However, the instructions are not good. Luckily my other daughter also got a type of loom (different brand) and her instructions were great so they shared that and are both happy. Rainbow loom, my daughters say you need to show a ""zoomed out"" view to give the bigger picture. Thanks!"
She was very excited to get this and she loves it.  The only reason I gave it one star was because of the price.  I saw it in many catalogs for half the price.
"Ordered these for Toys for Tots. They are fun, popular & at times hard to find. They took awhile to arrive, but no problem. I expect some child will be very happy."
"Ordered from King Distribution and was fulfilled by Amazon and after reading a lot of other reviews on here I was very nervous about getting a knock off, low quality gift but I was very happy to see we got an authentic Rainbow Loom. It is very good quality and the only problem I have is that I think I will have to buy another one so my wife and daughter quit fighting over it."
My 6 year olds loved theirs and quickly learned how to make bracelets. Watching my husband try to figure it out was worth every penny!
"Not original Rainbow loom but Krazy Loom.  Amazon should pull this. It's totally useless, longer and doesn't work. Filed a claim."
"Daughter loves it, she gave one to a friend for a birthday present as well. It seems to be a great hit with the kids, and keeps them from watching TV! If I were to change one thing, it would be the price, it is a bit expensive for what you get."
"When we went to do the video instructions, it was immediately clear that our loom was nothing like the real one.
Go to this page to see if your loom is a fake: [...]
Dang!"
"This product is compact, and my boys love it.  I like this product better than some of the other loom products out there."
This little device has already brought hours of entertainment to my grandson.  Seems it's a must have this year.  Works as advertised.
These are 100% fake. I would strongly discourage anyone from buying this product. The design is different from the real Rainbow Loom in several critical ways. This fact makes it impossible to apply techniques for bracelet making found on the internet. All of this resulted in a crying breakdown on Christmas and me buying the real product locally the next day.
A Very good AMERICAN MADE product. The online videos made it easy for to get started. An armfull of bracelets were made the first afternoon.
"Significantly lower quality! Bought it at $19.99 from seller dingguizheng
The yellow pick broke on the second day and the pins looks like its going to break pretty soon. I only have it for a few weeks.
I bought 2 more from Michael's and you can really see and feel the difference. Michael's only sells them for $15."
"After buying a Rainbow Loom for my son at Michael's, I decided to buy my daughter one from Amazon.  This has obviously been a problem this holiday season evidenced by the fact that the Rainbow Loom website now has a page dedicated helping people spot a counterfeit, which mine obviously is."
This isn't a real rainbow loom. The shape is a complete rectangle instead of having a triangle point at one end. The red arrow to help with making the bracelets wasn't there.  It came without instructions. Go to Michael's or the rainbow loom website to get the real thing. Amazon did refund us but I'm hoping they take the product off their website until they can make sure the product is genuine.
"This is not a real loom....a fake! I have reported this seller to Amazon. The box looks authentic but it's not.  No red arrow, no rainbow loom copyright on bottom and comes apart far too easily.  The pieces do not lock in."
"I ordered this for my nephew for Christmas and when he opened it and started to make something, he repeatedly cut his hands due to sharp edges.  There were broken and missing parts, so my sister-in-law took it to a Michael's Craft Store to see if she could replace it (thinking I had bought it there) and that is when it was pointed out that the loom and box are counterfeit.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM FROM THIS SELLER!!  I have requested a return."
"This was perfect for my 6 yo boy. Yes, boy! He loves making these bracelets. He always want to create things with his hand. He is really busy! This will keep him occupied for hours."
My girls have been obsessed with Rainbow Loom for months now so naturally it was a perfect Christmas gift for their friends.  Keeps them creatively occupied for hours but be prepared to find rubber bands all over your house!
Santa delivered a fake rainbow loom.  What a huge disappointment for our daughter.  Everything on the fake was backwards making it hard for her to follow on-line videos on how to make bracelets.  It was also very sharp.  Ours was Amazon prime through ToyWiz.  We went to Michaels to buy the real thing and will be returning this.  The real thing is much better made.  Here's a great article on how to spot a fake: [...]
"Unfortunately, this is not the ""real"" Rainbow Loom.  We have one from Michael's and it is different than this one.  This one sold by Amazon has three rows of hooks that are lined up exactly.  The real loom should have the middle row of hooks shifted so it is between the other two."
"If I could have given it no stars I would have. I had read the reviews before purchasing and decided to take my chances as some had received the real thing and others hadnt. Wish I would have just gone down to my local ""Michaels"" and purchased the real thing. As soon as I opened the Amazon Prime box and saw the Rainbow Loom box, I knew it was fake. The picture on the front was blurry and was clearly counterfeit. Upon opening, as others have stated, the pegs were sharp and made of cheap plastic. On Christmas morning, my son, so excited to make a bracelet, went to make his first one, and the center line of pegs snapped in half. He then tried to use the pegs he had left, and tried to loop the first rubber band with loom stick and the end of the stick broke off. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED IN THE PRODUCT, THE SELLER, AND AMAZON FOR LETTING THIS PRODUCT BE SOLD ON THEIR SITE/STORE AND ADVERTISING THAT IT IS AUTHENTIC!"
"This is the new style and you can make three different styles: regular, starburst and the fishtail but it only comes with directions for the regular. You have to get the other directions on iTunes."
My daughter was so excited to get this.  I am even excited for it. I can't wait to make bracelets.
After purchasing this item as a gift for my daughter it seemed alright after we opened it and took it out of the package. We began looking up tutorials on YouTube and I realized that something was not right with our loom. It did not have the red arrows and actually all of the posts were completely backward compared to the actual Rainbow Looms on the tutorials. This made it very difficult for my daughter and I to figure out how to make any bracelets at all. I adore Amazon and have never had any problems. I would suggest going to the actual Rainbow Loom website if you are interested in ordering this product.
"My six year old granddaughter had been wanting this, so I got her one for Christmas.  The information says it is for children 8 and older, so I was concerned that it might be more than she could handle.  Sure enough, it was difficult, and she got very frustrated.  Then she and her mom watched the recommended youtube video that showed how to do it.  Before long, she was able to do it on her own.  She has now made bracelets for almost everyone she knows.  This is a great gift for someone who is willing to put the effort needed to learn.  My granddaughter loves hers!  That's good enough for me!"
"I bought this from SCLM as a gift to a girl. But very disappointed,
It turned out to be a bad buy, it's a counterfeit product.
I have to look for real prodcut around us.
Please check seller's info first!"
"Wow what a great Idea. I got this for my 8 yr old daughter for xmas and now the whole family... Mum ,Dad, Granma ,Grandad, Cousins and friends have bracelets and have had a go at making a bracelet."
This is a knock off Rainbow Loom. The shape isn't even the same. Doesn't come with instructions or anything like that. Went to Michaels today and bought a real one. Total difference. Lady at the counter said someone had hacked the Original Rainbow Loom and that's likely what we received. AMAZON however was quick to fix the problem and has already refunded my money.
This is NOT a true Rainbow Loom.  It is Counterfeit loom and it does not have the quality that the legit Rainbow Loom company is providing.
"If your going to buy this most recent fad, then make sure you get the real one. The ""Rainbow Loom"" is the good one. The other brands are cheaply made knock off's and they are junk. this set is really good and has plenty of bands to make a bunch of bracelets or whatever you want. I do recommend this one."
Do not buy this product! Go to Michael's or the Rainbow Loom website! This product is not what is advertised. If I could have given it zero stars I would have.
"This loom is a fine product, but once opened and inspected we found this is not an official Rainbow Loom, it is a counterfeit. It looks just like the real deal, until you inspect it and see that the posts are rough, not smooth and there isn't any branding or patents stamped in the plastic. My daughter ordered this item for her youngest brother for Christmas and he doesn't particularly care that it isn't ""real"" but, Buyer beware! This is NOT THE REAL DEAL. Had it been the official product, I would rate it with 5 stars."
I have reviewed the product I received against the documentation from rainbow loom.com and this lacks all of the security features of an original rainbow loom as advertised.
Purchase for two young sisters and so far no fights. Lots of projects for the popular with kid bands in this kit. Again parents may not be the happiest with all the bands that will end up around the house but this was not for them anyway;
"For an item that is as popular as this is, it's actually kind of confusing.  We bought this for me niece who is 12 and she immediately on Christmas day wanted to open it and make some bracelets.  The box and its contents were all in great shape, but the instructions inside look like they're from the 90's and the photos look like they were taken with a point & shoot low resolution camera.  The instructions also do not say that you need to move the loom from how you receive it in the box to get the looms to be staggered.  I think with the success that this product has had, it needs an upgrade to the instruction manual.  We eventually figured it out and in no time were looming away!  The rubberbands came in a large assortment of colors and once we got the hang of it, we were able to make bracelets very quickly.  The instruction manual also has some additional pattern guides, but again, no explanation on how exactly you're supposed to make the bracelets.  We haven't checked out the YouTube videos yet, but, hopefully those will be a little more explicit.  Overall, great fun for such a cheap price!  We were also able to find big bags of additional rubberbands at our local craft store so this is the gift that can keep on giving!"
Our 6 1/2 year old daughter received this for Christmas and it took a couple of days for her to learn how to use it.  The instructions that come with it were not very helpful.  We went on YouTube and those instructional videos helped us a great deal.  Now she loves it and has been making tons of bracelets with it.  If you buy this I'd recommend buying a refill pack right away.  It's amazing how quickly you use up the rubber bands.
"I purchased this as a Christmas gift, and thankfully my son had read about Rainbow Loom counterfeits on the rainbowloom.com website. If you look on that site you will see what to look out for and this package had all of the signs of a fake. Here is what the Original Rainbow Loom creator has to say about the counterfeits: ""Counterfeit/fake products may contain lead and other harmful substances. If you suspect that you may have purchased a fake product, please discontinue use immediately for your children's safety.

""[...]

I am disappointed that this product is listed on Amazon and this seller should be banned. The price and the photos really convince you that you are buying the actual product, but it's a fake. I paid exactly what a real one costs in store. Very upset, but glad I had enough time to go in store and purchase a real one before Christmas."
"I ordered 2 Rainbow Looms from this seller. One was the authentic Rainbow Loom and the other was a knock-off. The fake has blurry versions of the pictures on the box, does not include the Registered trademark, and is not the same size as the original. We were hoping to make more complicated bracelets by connecting the 2 looms, but they are not the same! You may be better off going into a store to pick up a real version."
Very easy instructions included on different patterns for the rubber band bracelets...she has made several for us since Christmas...I also bought the refills for this loom...it looks like this will keep her busy for a while!
"Bought two for my nieces for Christmas.  WOW - they loved them.  Bracelet after bracelet, ring after ring......they were kept quite busy Christmas day! q"
"No""Rainbow Loom"" trademark imprints/embossed logos on base or hook. No red arrow on base. Sharp edges. Authentic Looms have imprints/embossed logos and smooth rounded edges on pegs. Check out Rainbow's official website at [...]  The article is titled Dangers of Counterfeits and How to Spot them.  Seller denies they are counterfeit.  Perhaps they need to check with the distributor they purchased them from. It appears the Seller has now changed their name as well."
"I ordered this item from Dream Crafterr, with order fulfilment by Amazon.com (Prime).  I ordered two of them for Christmas back in September, and now that they were given and opened, one turns out to be a counterfeit version.  It is much cheaper made, clearly counterfeit based on the information from the official Rainbow Loom website, although it was not at all obvious from the appearance of the unopened box.  Sadly, so far Amazon.com has informed that they cannot exchange or refund the item because the return window has closed.  Huh???  This is a sale of a counterfeit item, pretending to be the genuine article and advertised as genuine...  I really hope someone higher up in Amazon.com will review this and see how apply the normal return window deadlines makes no sense in a situation like this,

But really, people, beware because the counterfeit version of the Rainbow Loom are very convincing.  And (pending further communication with Amazon.com) one better open up the box and doublecheck whether it is the genuine item because if you buy early for gifts, you may be stuck with a counterfeit item and no way to recover from the illegal activity you are a victim of,

I hope to be able to update this review in the very near future with a positive outcome, and hope for fellow buyers who get bit by the same dishonesty.

For more information about how to spot a counterfeit Rainbow Loom, visit [...]"
"My children received these as a gift on Christmas morning.  Upon opening the boxes, we found that both looms were broken!!  After researching Rainbow Loom's website, we realized that the items we received are counterfeit.  They don't have a red arrow, have sharp edges, no logo embossing on the hook or the loom itself.  They have been returned and I won't be purchasing from the WALNUT store ever again."
"The loom came with a cheap version of the loom hook, and the loom is the old version not the new version.  Very disappointed in product, had to run out and get a new hook."
"Extremely disappointed that Amazon is allowing this fake product to be sold.  I ordered on Amazon for ease of shopping with Prime.  As I was putting gifts out late on Christmas Eve, I recognized how different it was from my niece's, which was used earlier that day.  It also wouldn't fit into case that was purchases.

Christmas Day, it was extremely frustrating because it is cheap and flimsy, no RED ARROW to following instructions for young children.  I purchased two new ones today from an authorized retailer and the differences are incredible and the price difference is not that much.  Look on the Rainbow Loom website for authorized retailers, don't waste money on this cheap imitation."
"The rubber bands are stretchy, durable, and easy to work with. The colors are nice, too. The tutorial video I watched was clear and inspires creativity. I want to order more of this quality rubber bands."
"This seller is selling a knock- off counterfeit product.  It is a cheap imitation of a device and is falsely advertised.  My 12 year old was very quick to look on line to verify that this is not an original rainbow loom.

I will be trying to return it."
It does exactly what you want when you want it to. No problems at all. I would recommend it to friends.
I sent this to my niece across country and had her look at the loom and  it doesn't have the red arrow or the rainbow loom label on the loom.  I have a real one from Michael's.  I am very disappointed.  She also said the loom was backwards and the directions were wrong.
"I purchased 6 Rainbow Looms for my neices and nephews. Definitely a hit!
The 7 year olds needed a little help."
"This is just as nice as the band a loom. Same set up, and can buy the other for 10 at walmart. This came from china and took a couple of weeks to ship. My daughter so far says its too hard so she has been making them without the loom. All in all overpriced."
"Amazon shouldn't have this product linked to the Rainbow Loom brand name. It is NOT a Rainbow Loom brand loom.

The plastic mold is cheap/crappy and doesn't even sit flat. It rocks back & forth because it's warped."
"Unfortunately, there is no mechanism for returning defective items to Santa Claus.  The Rainbow Loom my daughter received was a terribly made knockoff.  The parts are all made of brittle, inferior plastic, with rough edges that break a lot of rubber bands.  My daughter called my attention to the fact that it wasn't even assembled properly since the offset between parts didn't match the picture in the instructions.  If I disassemble it (which my daughter swears her friends do constantly) to fix the problem, it will clearly cause the plastic to fragment.  It seems that counterfeit Rainbow Looms are a widespread problem and a lot of vendors on Amazon are happy to sell the crappy copies.  I'd like to advise buyers to be careful, but there is no way to know ahead of time what you're getting.  Probably best to stick to actual retail stores where you can examine the product in person when buying."
The seller SKY COVER TECH INC is a complete and horrible fake! Shame on you! I bought the real Rainbow Loom at Michael's after discovering this was a complete fraud. There are even misspellings in the direction! Awful awful awful!!!
I never kjnow what to get my hair dressers daughter and this was a operfect gift.  hard to find this year and very popular!  Thanks!
"I was so excited to get this for my daughter only to find out its a counterfeit product. I have thrown away the product purchased and will purchase from rainbowloom.com. Thank you to the seller for selling a counterfeit item, I mean dishonest is the way of the world these days. SHAME ON YOU!"
"This is NOT the authentic Rainbow Loom.  Yes, it has the same box but instructions are photocopied and none of the contents are the same as the real Rainbow Loom, which was purchased at a Michael's store.  I bought this online in good faith and am very disappointed to have been cheated.  I hope I can return it."
Great entertainment that doesn't require a power source!  My kids love it and have made one for everyone in the house.
Bought the real one. Still you will need a metallic hook. The plastic one broke on the second bracelet. Disapointing.
"I bought this rainbow loom for my sister to make the popular rubber band friendship bracelets. She used it constantly, and accidentally broke it when she dropped it. The material is ok, should be more durable since more children use this and are prone to drop It and at the price it costs, it should have lasted a lot longer...it works but too bad it broke."
THIS WAS A BIG HIT WITH MY TWO 11 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTERS!  THEY MADE BRACELETS ALL EVENING AND HAD A GREAT TIME.
"My grandkids each want their own, even the 8 year old boy. They love making these bracelets. It gives them a creative outlet and the bracelets are popular at school."
"THIS IS NOT THE REAL RAINBOW LOOM. It is far more flimsy, it broke when we were putting it together! They put a much more cheaply made product in the same box. Please do not buy."
"This is advertised as a ""rainbow loom by choon's design LLC"" but the loom that is included in the box is NOT the choon's design loom. I think they open the box and replace the loom with a cheap knock off and deal it back up and send it out. Amazon needs to look into this and think before they sell a fraudulent product."
"Our grandsons were thrilled to finally receive the looms on Christmas morning. They had asked for them back in the summertime, and I said maybe Santa could bring them.  So even though Santa failed, Grammy came through!  This fad is lasting way longer than I thought it would, so now they can make bracelets to their heart's content."
"We received a counterfeit Rainbow Loom from this supplier. This is my daughter's second Rainbow Loom, and as soon as she opened it, she knew something was wrong. The loom is misaligned, missing the arrows, and has sharp edges. The plastic is much thinner than the original. It's obvious that the photos on the box have been copied from the original box. We are very disappointed, and I am going to think twice about buying toys online next year."
"This is a great kit.  My grandson asked for this for Christmas.  He will be making me a bracelet, can't wait."
"This Rainbow Loom is not an authentic Rainbow Loom. The edges of the molded plastic are very sharp, and the parts of the loom are very difficult to move and reposition. The Rainbow Loom also does not have the proprietary markings of a real Rainbow Loom. You can find instructions on how to identify a fake rainbow loom on the official Rainbow Loom website. (There is a link on the main home page that will take you to a PDF of pictures that help you identify the differences)."
I bought for a child that just turned 6 and I think she is a little young (attention span wise) to have the patience for it just yet.
"Glad I went with the ""real"" Rainbow Loom.  Good solid loom. should hold up well - gift for a 7 year old.  Took some getting used to the hook, but once they took off the mini-loom it was all good."
"I did a lot of research when buying one of these. My daughter and son really wanted this for Christmas but I have read so many bad reviews of the looms out there. This one is perfect. It is extremely sturdy. The plastic is hard and will take a lot to break this. It comes with a lot of rubber bands but if your child really gets into make things with this loom, you will definitely have to invest in rubber bands. There is a black tray to store the loom and item in the box it comes in. This is definitely the one to buy!"
I bought the loom from Real_Good deal just 2 weeks before Christmas and it arrived on time and exactly as pictured.  It was a Christmas present and the instructions included were OK - but its better to go to the website or youtube.  My daughter who is 10 made bracelets for everyone on Christmas day and is really enjoying it
Barely had it out of the wrapping and within minutes she already had a bracelet made. i'm so happy she is enjoying it.
Great gift which the kids have enjoyed and spent many hours on.  We now have lots o bracelets for all the kids and adults.
"The loom board is defective.  I bought two.  One was right and worked fine for making bracelets, the other board was put together incorrectly not allowing bracelets to be made correctly."
My daughter owns an original Rainbow Loom and this product is NOT one! I've recently discovered through researching these looms that there are several counterfeit looms out there. These counterfeits do not meet safety standards and may contain lead. Please do not purchase this loom...throw it in the garbage! Shame on you Amazon! Please remove these counterfeits from your site and help keep our children safe!
"I should have listened to the 1 star reviews. When I received the loom it looked promising, until I noticed that the loom had no red arrow. The rubber bands smelled like death, and it breaks very fast. The hook and mini hook had no rainbow loom logo. Now I'm stuck with this junk, but hey it was from las vegas (that was the only good thing about it)."
"She unwrapped her loom PSYCHED!  We went to use it and the very first peg is broken and sharp.  Sad part, no broken piece in box.  Mommy can't just glue it and move on....."
"We got two fake units from a third party seller.  Now the amazon  storefront, Di Di Do, appears shut down, so we'll have to see what comes of that as far as returns and/or refund.  Fake units have caused injuries.

These units do great things, my kids love them.  Wanted two more units, but got fakes instead.  So 5 stars for the item, 0 stars for the seller.

Check out the manufacturers site :

[...]

For fake unit info and not a bad price on the real thing."
"I have never written a negative review before but this time I just had to say something.  I'm pretty sure the sale of this product as it is a total knockoff.  The quality is very poor, the hook and loom are not what are pictured on the box and it all breaks very easily.  My son was so excited to get one like his brother and sister but he was devastated when he opened it up and saw that it was not the same as theirs and of obvious poor quality.

I paid $14 - probably not worth $1....buyer beware of this seller."
How nice to receive a present from Santa and discover that the elf build a fake! Honestly it is unbelievable.
I bought this for my 6 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  I love it to & may just buy one for myself.  We spent a few hours making bracelets with it.  It is easy to use.
"The loom seems well built, better than expected for it's price. The only thing I would mention is do not forget to purchase lots more rubber bands and clips. What's included in the box is just a sample..."
"This is a counterfeit. It is defective and unusable. You can't even get past step one in the instructions. Do not buy this thinking you are getting a cheaper yet usable product. It is unusable. The actual Rainbow Loom company has a video on their website showing what counterfeits look like. This is definitely a counterfeit. Sharp corners, no red arrows, terrible instruction manual... I too am surprised that Amazon does not do a better job vetting their suppliers. I wish I had paid attention to all the one star reviews."
My grandson loves this loom. He's made hundreds of bracelets. I've had to buy rubberband refills. I'm going to buy one for myself.
"I should have listened to the other reviewers who said that this item was a fake.  I thought that since I ordered from the seller Rainbow Loom that I would be safe, but when my product actually shipped, it was from TJ Smith.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.  I would recommend ordering directly from the Rainbow Loom website or finding the product in legitimate retail stores such as Michael's or Learning Express.  It's unfortunate, but I've learned my lesson and will be returning this item."
This is not an official Rainbow Loom!!!!!  There are no Rainbow Loom markings on the loom or the hook.  The bands are in an unmarked bag.  I ordered a loom a few weeks ago for my other daughter and it had the official markings...this one does NOT!  Do not buy from this seller.
Should have listened to the other reviews and not let my rose colored vision allow me to hope that there is still some shred of decency in this world
"bought for my 8 year old and even her father had trouble maneuvering the bands on the loom
not something I think she will stick with."
My daughter was so excited to get this for Christmas...until we discovered it was counterfeit. The box was damaged by the packaging tape and one of the loom pegs is broken because it's FAKE. I've ordered a real one from the Rainbow Loom website for the same price I paid for this junk. I've emailed the company to ask how to return the product and receive a refund. I doubt I'll ever hear from them. Thanks for disappointing my kid on Christmas with your fraudulence.
So disappointed! It's broken and made backwards. What a rip off! I have one sad little girl...she's been waiting for this special gift. Shame on the company for selling a product like this. I'm hoping they will let me return with shipping paid by them.
"My 8-year-old niece ended up in tears trying to use it. She is usually quite dexterous and brilliant. I checked out the loom and noticed that it does not have a red arrow, its edges are sharp, and there is no stamping on the loom bottom or hook. Please do not buy this counterfeit. It was a horrible experience."
Bought for our youngest child for Christmas. Turns out it is a counterfeit. The RainbowLoom.com website tells you how to identify them. Quite disappointed.
This is one of the counterfeit versions of the loom. Not letting my child play with it. Afraid if I send it back it will just be sent to another child.
"This Rainbow Loom is fake. Returned to Amazon for a full refund and bought the real thing from Michael's for the same price. While the fake and the real look very identical, I would rather support the inventor."
"This loom is different than the one my son got from Michaels. This one broke the first time he tried to use it. Everything looks the same, packaging, hook, rubber bands, but the loom itself was bad."
So far we have found this brand to be the best out there.  Very sturdy.  My granddaughter likes it a lot.
"To understand how to spot a fake, see: [...]

My children have several rainbow looms, the one purchased from this vendor is counterfeit (according to the URL above). Although the loom does seem to work correctly, out of the box, the loom was assembled incorrectly (a minor fix), such that created bands were one link short.

Aside from the fact that counterfeiting is illegal, most people probably will not be able to tell the difference. The c/f loom has some sharp edges that could snag a band, and is missing a few aesthetics (red direction arrow, engraving on the base-supports), and a bit ""cloudy"".

All in all, a fairly well made counterfeit -- not rocket science though ...

I'd stick with the original if given the choice, as the details seem to be a bit more well refined."
"The fun toy of the season, this one is a sure shot for Christmas this year. A bit pricey right now considering what it is, I'm sure it will go the way of the ""silly bands"" in a few months (Silly bands were crazy expensive when they came out and now you can't give them away for free) but it is what the kids want, so you better give them one or be ready for Christmas disappointments. :)

Be ready as well to wear whatever creation your little ones assemble with this contraption, as they will be on top of you if you don't!."
"Loom came with one of the poll things on the plastic part broken ( it's the main one where you start all your bracelets off of ), but I guess you can use the other ones.  Would return, but this was a Christmas present, so no time to return it."
"Toys of Wonder sent a counterfoil, and there are others out there!! Beware. This full fledge counterfeit is made of the most flimsy cheap plastic that does not remotely look like the rainbow loom. These people are criminals, and Amazon should not support it."
Gave this to our daughter for Christmas. She is very pleased with it and hopefully she'll have plenty of bands to make loads of pretty bracelets with (we bought extras just in case lol)
Beware! This is a counterfeit. It broke the first time we had to unsnap to rearrange the rows. The edges are sharp and will scratch your skin. This was a waste of our money and from now on I will buy these straight from the company rather than amazon.
"I really like this as it requires creativity and attention which results into fun and something kids can be proud of their work.
Other advantage is kids help each other to make bracellets which is human interaction and away from computer / tv.

Would recommend to parents with girl kid."
These are not the original and they are counterfeit.  When you get the original book you can not do all it has because its counterfeit .  Very hard to tell so don't buy as the original is the same price.
"I ordered this from Di Di Do under the impression this was an Original Rainbow Loom.  Upon further inspection, I realized this was a knock off.  We have the original one...so I had one to compare it to."
"This is a counterfeit Rainbow Loom.  After opening on Christmas morning, we noticed that the instructions has several misspellings and were not clear.  We also saw that the arrows didn't line up the way they should.  After looking at the Rainbow Loom website, we discovered this was a counterfeit version.  Very unhappy and we will be asking for our money back!"
This item is good for the child with a good imagination. This is also good for bracelets and jewelry to be made.
"Great set of this popular item, better than some of the other brands,  loom is sturdy,  like the style of this hook"
"After reading so many reviews about customers receiving counterfeits from third party sellers, I decided to send a note to this seller (Lake Lanier Specials) asking if their product was authentic. They replied quickly. ""Hello, I'm sorry for any misunderstanding. I understand your concern. I confirm that Rainbow Loom is authentic."" A couple days later, on Christmas Eve, we received two counterfeit looms. The boxes look legit, but the loom and hook don't have the Rainbow Loom logos, the loom doesn't have the red arrows, and the loom edges feel sharp. These are obviously fakes.

My son had an off-brand loom already and honestly, it was fine, but the ones from this seller seem unsafe. These items will be returned. We braved the Christmas Eve crowds and went to Michaels for last minute replacements."
This is not an original Rainbow Loom.  Cheap knockoff.  Breaks easily.  Sharp edges.. Very disappointed with this product.  Don't bother buying this product.
"That broke on the first use.  Very brittle fragile plastic.

Here is info to determine if you have also received a counterfeit Rainbow Loom - [...]

Not sure I will be able to get my money back."
"after 800 reviews and paying the price of the original RL i finally got  the counterfeit for the 3rd time .. sooooo upset and eill refer your link to the original RL company ,,, you made our final day DEC 24th ,, the worst for kids ,, i could get this for $9 instead of 15... how can i get another one right now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its dec 24th evening .. and guess what >>> an opened package
just to help you all know the difference follow up with this link

[...]"
This is exactly what you would get from a craft store !
Gave as gift and it was counterfeit. Very unhappy. Want refund! Hook and all items are not authentic rainbow loom product.
"Great for keeping kids busy! Different patterns/colors can be made, encourages  creativity. This was gift for my almost 7-yr old grandson. He needed help with the directions."
"I bought this for two grandkids (ages 7 & 11) to use to pass their time waiting for Santa. Neither of them have been very enthusiastic about it so far. They started a single bracelet and put it aside. I think it is too complex for the 7 year old, and maybe too juvenile for the older girl. It does appear fairly sturdy, even though it didn't get great reviews for durability. It just isn't what I expected."
This product was a fake.  When I tried to return it I was told there were none left and they would give me half of my money back.
"The product was not original, but a low quality copy over. The print on the box and the instructions were not clear. There were no ""Rainbow's"" trademark symbol in the parts that was inside the box. The rubber bands were also bigger and it had a rubbery odor. I would not recommend purchasing if it was not sold by the manufacturer, which is Rainbow themselves. Could not believe Amazon is letting counterfeit sold on its website."
"i bought this for my daughter and when she received it, she was so excited but then when she opened it she was soo disappointed so i do not recommend it."
I have no idea It's a Christmas gift for my God Daughter  all I know is that's what she asked for and she's only 6 and she told me where to buy them LoL
"These are in fact the counterfeit looms and break easily!  However, my kids LOVE using them, so I'm glad to have them."
"The concept is awesome and my kids have hours of fun making bracelets with the loom.

However, I was disappointed in the quality of the loom.  I saw several alternative looms for half the price, but I paid full price for the original ""Rainbow Loom"" because I expected it to be a better product.  When it arrived, one of the pegs was broken and in general, it feels very brittle and has sharp edges.  I'm sure I could have exchanged it, but my kids couldn't wait to start using it.

The included instructions were also very limited.  It only showed how to make a single loop bracelet.  I guess we can either go online for a video tutorial or find a friend to show us more complex patterns."
"I am shocked!  I mean totally SHOCKED, SHOCKED SHOCKED that I would receive a counterfeit item sold on AMAZON!  Even though it was through a 3rd party seller called ""Toy Orchard"", I would assume there would be provisions in place from Amazon to prevent this sort of thing from happening.  I had previously ordered another Rainbow Loom through another seller for my granddaughter and it was fabulous.  So this rating of only one star is not because of the product itself, (which is great) but in the experience.  DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT FROM TOY ORCHARD!!!  It is a fake counterfeit.  I will try and upload pictures if I can of the REAL thing and the counterfeit.  As soon as I opened the box I could tell something was wrong.  It was a different color and the pegs were sharp and dangerous for a kid!  After inspecting the box, my savvy granddaughter noticed some differences.  Some of the colors on the box were off.  The wording on the box was wrong.  The real loom says ""Super fun rubber band bracelet kit, while the fake one says ""hand"" instead of ""Band"".  Other clues were that there was a white label across the bar code blocking out the code.  There is no ""Registered"" symbol on the fake one.  (The little R with a circle around it)  And of course the loom itself was yellow instead of blue and the sections do not come apart like the REAL Rainbow Loom.  I am disgusted and appalled!
Please be careful when ordering this product!"
"One of the best inventions made for young girls. My granddaughter plays with hers daily. The only thing I would recommend what
that  this unit should come with more bands."
"Unfortunately I ordered this from Amazon as a last second request for a Christmas present.  After ordering I noticed a lot of 1 star reviews for fake items from various sellers.  My seller ""Hercules Mart"" was ""Fulfilled by Amazon"" so I assumed it would be the real deal.  Nope.

I reviewed the guide on the Rainbow Loom website on how to spot a fake here:
[...]

Mine didn't have any of the labeling on the tools that the actual Rainbow Looms are supposed to have.  These fakes have been known to break and injure children and will not have any of the normal quality controls in place that monitor the amount of hazardous chemicals in the product.

Don't risk it!  Order from the Rainbow Loom site or pick up at a local Michael's.  Amazon did process the refund quickly, unfortunately I have to make a trip to the UPS store to drop it off and another to Michael's 2 days before Christmas to get a genuine product."
"Once your figure it out [included directions are not super clear and we suggest looking at you-tube instructions online], this bracelet maker will keep your tween busy for hours!"
"I purchased this gift for my niece for Christmas. I wanted her to have one because my daughter and I have spent much time together making bracelets. It took us a couple of tries until we perfected the single loop technique, but now we are trying different patterns from instructions we are getting off of Youtube. This product is a great buy and will keep your kids entertained for hours."
Got this as a gift for my granddaughter and she loves it.  It's easy to use and fun for the 6 through 10 age group!
"We ordered a rainbow loom from this site and opened the box when we received it.  After checking through the parameters listed on the Rainbow Loom website, it seems like (contrary to the negative reviews we've seen) this is in fact an authentic Rainbow Loom."
"Arrived on time, quality product. My 6 and 8 year old have not broken it yet! Very satisfied. They are having lots of fun!!"
"I went on rainbow loom.com and it matched all the original markings. I went on rainbow loom.com and I read counterfeits the dangers and how to spot them the loom,hook,bands and box all match the original"
"I gave this loom a five star rating for it's sturdy construction and ease of use. The other looms on the market don't look as sturdy and well built as this one. My daughter loves it and uses it almost every day.  According to her friends, who also make the rubber band bracelets...Rainbow Loom is the ONLY way to go!"
"My granddaughter had received a knock off loom at a very small, early in the month party and was frustrated that it was so difficult.  When she opened the Rainbow Loom, within minutes she was in production and cranked out 9 bracelets.  She was having a blast picking out patterns and colors for different friends and family members.  Great idea for the kids!"
"I compared this to a Rainbow Loom I bought in Michaels.  Here is why I think this is not a true ""Rainbow Loom"":
 - size and weight of loom was different
 - no ""Rainbow Loom"" trademarks imprinted on tools
 - shipped from China
 - pictures on packing and instruction sheet were blurry
 - barcode on box was different"
It's all the rage.  I held out on buying this as long as I could.  Caved in and my son is still in to it.  He wants to make harder designs which means I have to figure out how.  Overall a great purchase.  Increases their creativity.
"My son and his very active buddies love making these bracelets. They taught themselves and each other how to make the bracelets by watching youtube.com videos. It keeps them busy for hours. Great for developing focus, fine motor skills and visual-spatial reasoning. I don't know how long this fad will last but it keeps them off video games."
My daughter absolutely loves this loom.  She made the whole family bracelets.  You can't go wrong with this.  Beware of imitations.
"All 4 of them started and helped the 6 yr old how to make her's with charms!!
Should have named it Quit & Love!!"
"I bought this rainbow loom for my grandson for christmas,he already was making the jewerly but did not have the loom, bought extra bands with my puchase. I know hw will be very excited to get this loom."
It's fun. It's easy enough for a younger child- my daughter is 11 but her younger cousins enjoy their looms too- and still engaging for older kids. I may make a few things myself. My best advice is buy more bands now!!!
Product is fine.  I paid $28 . for the Loom through this site- before knowing I could get it for $12. in a store!!
"Everything came as it should as it was stated, thank you:0) Duaghter will be very happy as well. Also,quality material made feels very durable and would seem as it would last for a long while."
"I ordered this knowing that there were counterfeits being sold, but assuming I wouldn't get one of them for some reason. However, I received it and checked for signs of it being the real thing and it's counterfeit -- there's no embossing on the underside of the loom or on the hook thing. I'm disappointed. Don't order from this toy seller."
"I am now ADDICTED to Rainbow Loom!
  The first day I got the Rainbow Loom, I could only manage to make the ""single"" rubber band bracelet. The thing is, you just have to be really patient and practice. Now I can make many bracelets, all advanced. I also enjoy making charms! Another good thing is that you can take apart the loom. The only thing is that my hook broke while I was looping a bracelet, but I don't care. Just by a metal crochet hook and you're good as new. I really recommend this product. At first the rubber bands that come with it might smell a little, but it wears off. If you're wondering, there are also different color rubber bands. You can buy them at Michaels or Five Little Monkeys. But there are also many other places that sell them. And this isn't counterfeit! If you think this is, just buy it on the Rainbow Loom website. But I'm 99% sure this isn't counterfeit.

  So believe me, you will not regret it if you buy it. Although you might find rubber bands allover the place."
"As with many small toys with thousand small parts...Great for Kids,....My daughter loved it,....created bracelets for so many of her friends...but ask me...Will never buy.."
"Not what I expected, poor quality and would not recommend this product. Would never order from that toy maker again."
my niece will love this...she asked me to get her this for chrismas so I did I was going to get an off brand...but to many bad reviews so I got the real one:-)
I love it.  I made 6 bracelets in 3 days! It is so fun and easy and even comes with a mini rainbow loom that is travel size.
.  Received conflicting emails saying that this was probably not going to be here in time for Christmas even though I ordered  it the very beginning of December.  I contacted the company saying I wanted to cancel the order but was told that the item had already shipped and I could return it for a refund when I did receive it.  They told me the information that I had gotten was wrong.  Needless to say I had already purchased another item to take the place of the loom that was most likely not to be here for Christmas morning---or so I had been told.  I finally received the item after 3 weeks.  I returned it yesterday to the post office and to ship it back it cost me over $16.00.  The loom only cost $17.00 but I didn't need this anymore so I sent it back anyway.  I was unhappy that I was sending it back to Great Britain!  I had to fill out custom papers and send it airmail.  Ridiculous!!!  It doesn't tell you when you purchase things where you need to send the item back to if you need.  I feel very ripped off!
I'm excited to use the rainbow loom with my daughter. She will be so happy on Christmas morning. The estimated shipping date was after Christmas and I got it a couple weeks before. I am thankful for that.
"Purchased one for a granddaughter's (age 12) birthday. She has been obsessed with it ever since, to the point where I had to buy another bag of the rubber bands. Her 9-year old sister kept begging to be allowed to use it, so I bought another for her. Their mom says she has to set aside ""loom time"" or they'd never do homework, eat, sleep or get any exercise. This has been going on for weeks, so it's obviously not a craft toy that gets played with once and never again. A fabulous idea!"
"Made in China - This is a counterfeit product, with unacceptable material. Go to Michael's and buy the real thing made in the USA. I'm very disappointed in Amazon for linking up to a substandard Chinese rip-off. Buyer beware!"
This is the real thing. Bought a cheaper one first and it wasn't worth it. Get this one first and save time and hassel!
Im sure my granddaughters will have hours of fun with this!! It will be a fun Christmas morning when they open it!!
Very excited to see her open this for Christmas! Great price and exact product as the stores. The it present this year.
"updated: please file a claim here if you receive a counterfeit one:
 (http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=537868).
It is Amazon's safe buying garantee. We need to let our voice be heard!
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

I ordered it on 11/28 as this is on the top list of my kid's Christmas list. Now it is 12/20 I neither received the item nor got any update. I read all the review and finally realized it will come from China and it is probably not the the authentic one! Pay attention to the seller when you order it!

I would strongly suggest you to go to a store to buy a authentic one and get in right there instead of going through all the uncertainty and mess!"
"UDATE:  I reordered the loom and recieved another knock off - this one worse then the last.  I was contacted by the seller and assured that Amazon is fulfilling the order with stock that isn't necessarily from the seller they listed.  Buyer beware - you are better off at this point buying it from a store like Michaels or Aaron Brothers.

I knew before I even opened the box having been to Michael's the day before.  I noticed the boxes were taped shut differently and when I opened it up - sure enough I confirmed my suspecion.  I reordered and keeping my fingers crossed the new one is the real deal as it is a Christmas gift from Grandma.  I reordered and it says it is by Rainbow Loom - the prior one was by DealZone fulfilled by Amazon."
"Purchased this item.  First thing we noticed was that the arrows, that direct which direction the bands are to be placed, were not red as in the photo and in the instruction manual.  Also, the clear arrows were in the opposite direction entirely.  The edges for bands to loop onto were rough and somewhat sharp.  But it was the orientation that caused me to look at the Rainbow Loom website.  I thought that maybe there had been updates since the instruction sheet was produced.  Thats when I saw the notice to be on the lookout for Counterfeit items.  (RainbowLoom.com home page)  What I have is a counterfeit.  Argh!

The package came unsealed, which I thought was odd, but dismissed it.  I have left feedback on the seller and will follow up with them and Amazon so that hopefully this won't continue to be sold.

I do believe that the true product will be a 5 star product, but do be very, very aware that there really are counterfeits out there.

Updated after contact from vendor:
Vendor contacted me in email very promptly.  There may be an issue with like products, quoted from their response: ""The product we sent in is authentic, the problem is Amazon Co-mingles inventory that is fulfilled by Amazon.  I have informed Amazon that one of the sellers is sending in counterfeit looms.""

I can't rate the product appropriately until I get a replacement, but I do appreciate the way the vendor and Amazon are responding to this issue.

Updated again on Dec 22, 2013:
Received 2nd counterfeit Rainbow Loom from Amazon and immediately returned it.  Then purchased an authentic one at the local Michael's store (opened in store just to be sure).

The Fake has arrows pointing the wrong direction, and not red (as the real one are).  The edges are sharp, and the instruction sheet isn't neatly folded.  Also found when comparing the boxes, when I had both a counterfeit and authentic, the fake was not sealed, while the real was sealed.  The real one showed the WWW.RainbowLoom.com website name in many places on the box, where the fake did not.  The website alerts people as to how to recognize the counterfeits.

Amazon has A BIG SUPPLY ISSUE.  Please be very aware of this.  I am hoping my messages, calls, and reviews will help alert them to this problem enough to help resolve it."
"I ordered this on December 2, then got an email with estimated arrival date of 12/27. As this is a Christmas present that my son really wanted, I purchased one in the store (Michael's). The other one arrived and it is counterfeit - the picture on the front cover is blurry, capitalization errors on the packaging, and ""Rainbow Loom"" printed slightly different on the package. Ordered from Diana's Place. Contacted them and the email did not go through - error on their end.

If you look at Rainbow Loom's official website, it looks like counterfeiting is a big problem with these.

Be Careful!"
"My daughter can create the most beautiful bracelets using rainbow loom, so I decided to purchase another for her so she can expand her variety of bracelets. However, not happy with this item at all, there were cracks in the mold, we cannot use this item any longer."
The rainbow loom is wonderful and I wish I would of thought of it. This keeps my son busy and he loves making bracelets and necklaces to give or trade with his friends. Definitely recommend.
I bought this as a gift for my daughter.  We opened the box and one of the pegs was just lying in the box.  Doesn't make me feel encouraged about it's longevity.
This is exactly as described.  My niece was very happy to recieve this for a fun craft night with me.
"This isn't a critique of the item. The item is fine. This is a critique of the seller and Amazon.

I bought this as a gift for my niece's birthday, which was in 4 days time. Typically Amazon's standard shipping is so fast that there's no need to pay for faster shipping. Not so this time. This time the seller's ETA for delivery was a staggering 14 days!

I thought that can't be right. Must be a typo. I was willing to pay for faster shipping because 14 days was unacceptable. To my surprise, there was no other option than standard, which made no sense to me -- wouldn't a seller want to make more money? I'm willing to pay for faster shipping, willing to give them more money, yet there's no option to do so. Unfortunately this item was only sold by one seller, which shocked me given how popular it is.

I e-mailed Amazon asking why I couldn't pay for better shipping. I was told I would get a response in 12 hours. I never got one. I had no choice but to buy the item banking on the ETA being wrong. It was wrong, but not in the way that favored me. I bought this on Nov 18 and the confirmation said the new ETA was Dec 13 - Jan 2. That's not 14 days. That's a ridiculous 25 days! And that's the low end of the estimate!! But it was too late because I already purchased it.

I had to keep telling my 8-year-old niece that it was on its way, that it'll be there soon, ideally before she turns 9. I joked that it was coming from China. Weeks later my brother told me that it finally arrived, all bundled up in Chinese shipping labels. IT LITERALLY TRAVELED ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA!

It got to my niece in Massachusetts on Dec 9, a few days ahead of Dec 13, but that was still over 20 days -- way more than the original ETA, which was already an unacceptable amount of time.

This review is topped off by one star, but that's only because the website won't let me choose zero."
"We love Rainbow Loom, what's not to love.  Keeps kids buy for hours and we all (including the dog) have lovely colourful bracelets to match every outfit!  lol"
My 8 year old daughter loved this and was able to follow the directions easily to make different versions of bracelets.
This is not a real Rainbow Loom. The loom is poorly made and contains sharp plastic pieces that hurt my kids fingers! Amazon should remove this from their website!
came on time & seems ok. we haven't opened it fully yet as it's a christmas gift for our daughter.
purchased this for my 6 year old granddaughter who had asked for it when she saw it in the stores.  It took a long time to arrive in the mail.  Had to purchase extra bands and clips.  This was purchased as a Christmas gift so she has not had time to try it out.
This is a quintessential example of cheap and it is not worth the money by a long shot.  Don't waste your money on this one.
A loom that makes rubber band bracelets.  My daughter loves this and it keeps her busy for hours.  She has even asked for a second one for Christmas to make longer chains.
"This was not a ""real"" Rainbow Loom. Was broken when it arrived. Misleading on the website photo, has all the proper markers of an ""authentic"" Rainbow Loom."
This is not an original rainbow loom.  There is no way Amazon should be allowing this company to say it is a Rainbow Loom.  The blue pieces DO NOT move like the original ones. The pegs are not smooth and could cut the kids fingers.  I had no idea until after I ordered that this product came from CHINA.  Looked into returning and it would cost just as much to ship from the USA as I paid for the 4 looms I bought:(  VERY DISSAPPOINTED.
"Fun to play with, make bands, and impress your friends with amazing patterns. Would highly recommend to people of all ages!"
Great Product!  I gave the Rainbow Loom as a gift to several children and they have all really enjoyed it.
"I woke up wanting to weave a rainbow and thought this would help. As it turns out, this doesn't weave rainbows, it's a multi-colored rubber band stretcher. Multi-colored rubber bands are very tough to find."
The picture when we ordered it showed a parts containers to put the bands in.  We did not receive that just a bag of bands. Would not of ordered if we knew for the price!
love the item but package came crushed but since I order this as an extra - they will have the contents to add to their original gift .
Great granddaughter had selected this for her birthday.  It was her favorite gift and she has been making bracelets for everyone.  I got her more loops for Christmas and she was very excited!!!
"The plastic is quite flimsy, as some of the prongs broke after just a couple days, during routine use. Otherwise, the concept is wonderful. We got another one and the sturdiness of the plastic was marked."
"Clearly a counterfeit! This is not a Rainbow Loom! I could tell instantly by the terrible printing on the front of the box.  Then I read the latest feedback on this product and I realized that I too, had been duped.  Needless to say, Do not buy! Ours is going back ASAP.  I am so irritated by this as it is less than a week until Christmas, and it was intended to be a gift. Amazon should not allow this seller to sell these as the real thing!"
"I buy things on Amazon on a weekly basis and this is the first counterfeit product I've come across.  If you go on the official Rainbow Loom website, it shows side-by-side comparisons of originals and fakes.  There is no question this is a fake -- it doesn't have any embossed logos on the loom or hook.  The plastic is also jagged.  Ordinarily, I could probably live with a fake if it is good quality, but these counterfeit looms are dangerous and contain lead.  I'm disappointed Amazon would carry and fulfill this counterfeit product."
"My daughter has been on the Rainbow Loom website a lot lately looking at videos of how to make certain kinds of Rainbow Loom bracelets. She came across a page on the site about counterfeit Rainbow Loom products and how to spot them. [...] We read the whole page together so as soon as I received the two that I ordered, I looked inside the boxes, and to my dismay, this is not the real Rainbow Loom. Like the page about spotting counterfeits says, besides the embossing and other telltale features that are missing, the part I am actually concerned about is that the pegs are sharp. I am disappointed to not have received what I thought I had ordered, and I will be returning these immediately.

I also noticed (after making the purchase, unfortunately) that on the product page here on Amazon, this product is listed as ""by Rainbow Loom."" In the list of my past orders for this same item it says, ""by Toys of Wonder,"" and I received an email asking for feedback on my order of this same product from a third name, Better Trading. So far I have not been able to complete the return process and keep getting sent around in circles."
Do not buy this!!  This is a poorly made counterfeit.  The box smells. We have one REAL Rainbow Loom and this is not the same.  We purchased from SCLM.  The fake also broke easily.  Amazon shouldn't allow this.
Was very disappointed. The photo they showed had the trademark symbol on but when it arrived it was a knock off. I wanted to ensure I had the trade mark product as it was a gift for my niece.  Will not order from this vendor again
"My daughter, she's 11 and very creative and good with crafts.  She loves this. We have re-ordered and purchased in stores the little bands. She makes pencil grips, ornaments, ""charms"" and of course the ankle and wrist bracelets.  Love that this is an old-fashioned type gift and toy. She uses it almost daily and her friends all have them too.  Highly recommend this for a young girl that likes crafty things."
"This was for my 5 year old granddaughter.  All her friends have them, so she wanted one.  Her mother said it made me the ""best grandma ever""."
"I initally ordered this item from this seller b/c i wanted my daugheter to have the Rainbow Loom for Christmas upon reading the reviews i found this wasn't the ""Real Thing"" I PROMPTLY contacted the seller to let them know that i wanted to cancel my order and that i didn't wish to receive a FAKE!!! i would just order the real thing they responded VERY quickly and refunded my money even faster!! and told me to just keep it. I did receive the ""Real One"" from Rainbow Loom"" once this one arrived i was able to compare the two and indeed it isn't the real thing if you visit the Rainbow loom websites it shows you how to spot a ""fake"" and these ARE FAKE!!!! I would've been sooooo disappointed had i waited or not followed through on this i appreciate their prompt attention to this matter but I WILL NOT MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN!!!!!! the two starts are only because I didn't have any problem with them returning my money and they responded very quickly other wise it would be 1 start!!! just don't order from these people go to Michael's or their website to ensure you have the real thing."
"I bought this for my seven year old grandson's birthday. These bracelets are all the rage here in MN among pretty much all ages, even the teenagers. He was super happy to receive it. It definitely is a nongender gift as the boys enjoy making the bracelets as much as the girls do and you can purchase 'boy' solid and camouflage color rubber bands. With some help to get started he caught onto the two basic (single loop and fish tail) designs rather quickly. He goes on Youtube now and watches the tutorials for the other designs. He's made bracelets for his 'girlfriends', his brother, the grandparents, and of course many for himself. :)  I would recommend this for any child 7 years and over."
"Go here to see ToyWiz's information on counterfeit Rainbow Looms and how to identify them.

[...]

I read these warning reviews after I had already received our loom, so I opened it and checked with the ToyWiz website to make sure it was authentic per their description.  I hope this is a reliable way of knowing for sure.  I may be back later to modify the review if it turns out to be not what it appears."
"I purchased the Rainbow Loom from Lucky Lou's (via Amazon) and when it arrived put it aside to wrap later, went to wrap, thought I'd look at it, NOT the RAINBOW LOOM at all, it's a cheaper version with a flimsy little hook and it's IN the Rainbow Loom BOX!!  VERY DISSAPPOINTED in this product.  Have an email to Lucky Lou's sent.  What a rip."
My son loves it. Nice to be able to get it when the stores are all out of it before xmas.
This is the hottest thing In elementary school. I bought this for my daughter after she came home and told me that all her friends had it and she really wanted to make bracelets. This keeps her very occupied and is a creative way for her to spend her time. We have even made bracelets together and I must admit I would enjoy having one of these myself.  There are a lot of great videos on YouTube to instruct until you get the hang of it.
"Originally this item was meant to arrive sometime between the 18th and the 23rd of December but I asked the merchant if they could send it quicker and it arrived yesterday! Thank you so much for going the extra mile to provide customer satisfaction. I will be back to buy from you again!

Also, the price of this Rainbow Loom is VERY GOOD. You can't get one in a craft store for under $30. I know several little girls who have one and they make the prettiest bracelets with the loom. In today's day and age of electronics all the time, it's nice to see a product like this that inspires creativity and imagination."
Bought it for my daughter after she had the Crazy Loom.  There seems to be more Youtube videos for the Rainbow Loom.  Kind of expensive for a piece of plastic but it is well constructed.
"This Rainbow loom is for our Granddaughter for Christmas,I will let you know how she feels about the gift after Christmas!!
Renee!"
"I got the set for my daughter and then 6600 bands on Ebay to go with it, she's set up for a while, she watches youtube videos and makes tons of fun stuff:) She's 7yo and despite the fact that I'd never wear thing like that and I find them ugly, I treat them as a nice craft activity! As long as my baby is happy and I have some free time thanks to it I love it too:)"
this is a Christmas present for one of my grandchildren and I got some bands to go with it this is what she wanted for Christmas
"Bought this before Christmas to make sure the local grand-daughter got one. Brought to a family reunion, and 5 girls had tons of fun with this. It was an ice-breaker for cousins who don't see each other often, and all the parents were as happy as the kids. Well made and not flimsy plastic, it's a wonderful change from electronic immersion and a way to get kids to craft."
"my daughter was looking into these, but wanted this particular one because of the reputation for not breaking as easily and quality. gift"
"The product received was a counterfeit from Di Di Do. It is not the original Rainbow Loom kit, but was priced the same with the worst quality possible. The loom is sharp, arrows in wrong direction, bad quality of rubber bands, almost broken hook and what not. I am very unhappy with this product. I will never ever buy from this seller. I trusted Amazon and bought many items from them over the years. Now I am not so sure."
"The description said ""This is the original Rainbow Loom"" and it was NOT.  This is a Fake from Better Trading.  It showed a picture of the Rainbow Loom with a solid blue center piece several posts long (it says Rainbow Loom on the bottom of this blue plastic piece) and what they sent me did not have that solid center piece several post long.  It also did not have the red arrows at each end that you need for a guide when you make a bracelet.  This was shipped from Amazon, they were the fulfillment center for this item, and a holder of this loom before it was sent to me.  Didn't they compare the contents with the picture shown?  You would think so, but they apparently did not.  VERY DISAPPOINTED! If you can't trust Amazon Prime when it says ""This is the original Rainbow loom"" and shows you a picture of exactly what you want - and then sends something different!!??  I am very disappointed!  Sending it back which is a waste of my time and then there is the grandchild that won't get her Original Rainbow Loom for Christmas to deal with also.  I am very disappointed and feel I cannot trust Amazon now."
"These are extremely fun in the world of kids ""it"" toys and crafts. This was priced a bit higher than I found it at Michael's. That will teach me to price check :) But it really evens out in the end because the kids love it and use it often, so it was worth it even at a couple of bucks more."
"My 5 & 6 year old boys LOVE the Rainbow Loom and have gone beyond making bracelets and have made holiday ornaments and super hero figures. They are so creative and focused when making things on the RL! It has really boosted confidence - they are so proud of their creations,"
"My 7 year old plays with this constantly.  She has probably made about 100 bracelets.  She is making all her xmas presents with it, so that is a plus that she can use it to pass along gifts to others."
"Thanks... Great serive...
Everything worked... Ordering, and receiving. Truly most appreciated.
Thanks. Nothing more to add... Best wishes and merry Christmas."
"Both my 7 year old daughter and10 year old nephew have this and love it.  The loom does not come with very detailed instructions, but there are a lot of videos on line that really help.  Check out loomlove.com."
I little 6 yr old has been wanting this for months. She loves it! This is a  great buy! :)
"Product purchased from DIANAS PLACE looks like a counterfeit compared to another Rainbow Loom purchased at Michaels!  Product is poor quality!  Instruction Manual is blurry.

DIANAS PLACE never mentioned it was coming from Hong Kong!  Buyers beware! ***DO NOT BUY!***"
"I hope my daughter doesn't have some of the issues others have had with this product...that being said, item was ordered Tuesday & received Saturday/as described. Colors are bold & bright."
i got this for my step grandchild she wanted one for a while and the price was great she will love it
"I purchased this for my niece, and she instantly loved it.  She's already run out of rubber bands and has requested more!  She's 11 - but I think this is one of those presents that will stretch across quite an age range.  Her little sister (8) and big sister (13) both enjoy playing with it as well.  We even caught my husband trying to make bracelets with it!"
I should have read other reviews before purchasing. The items in this set are fake and low quality. Do not buy!!!
"Overall this was a very quality loom.  The kids have spent hours upon hours making the various bands from this while watching you tube.  It's the same type of loom as the ""official"" loom on TV."
It is a great start into making your own rubber band designs. If you want to make more and more you will need one of this sets too -> http://amzn.to/1eg3BUz
The product is difficult to find due to popularity.  I was able to get exactly the product I wanted at a fair and reasonable price.  Delivery was quick and exactly as promised.
"I did not get a chance to review this product since the one shipped to me was different than the product page, I got a Krazy Loom a cheap knock off at full product price.

I went to Rainbowloom.com and I got it for same exact price if not a little cheaper than this price, so do yourself a favor and just buy it from there and not chance getting a bogus product and have to deal with sending it back."
"what a wonderful idea to make bracelets out of rubberbands!  this is the new fad for kids nowadays, and glad that it is - it teaches them how to be creative and works their hand-motor skills.  my grandkids exchange bracelets with their friends.  they love it!"
"Plastic hook broke after a few days. Just went to the fabric store and bought a crochet hook to replace it. My son loves this thing, though!"
My 5 year old has been obsessing over this thing since all the older girls started showing up at school with the bracelets. I love any and all arts and crafts and it's fun to see her getting interested too.
"I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and was ticked when I opened it....I should of read the reviews but I am new to amazon and didn't realize they did feedback.  Got a cheap piece of junk which looks opened, and not even close to resembling the real thing...they could of at least made a better effort if they are going to cheat the general public! WARNING"
"The photo of the product on this site SHOWS A TM SYMBOL.  Don't let it fool you.  We got ours yesterday directly from CHINA with different images and no TM.  DO NO PURCHASE from Diana's Place.
[...]"
"My daughter wanted a second Rainbow Loom, so she could make different style bracelets with 2 looms instead of one. I ordered the first one from Amazon, (this same exact link) and was completely satisfied. Assuming I would get the same thing, I ordered another. This one shipped from CHINA, took FOREVER! AND SMELLED TERRIBLY TOXIC. I am returning. The box it came in also did not match the one in the picture. Missing the text at the bottom right, saying Choon LLC, USA. SO FRUSTRATED! Hit or miss I guess.

Update: Definitely counterfeit. I compared to the Rainbow Loom I bought at a local store (since I couldn't use this one.) The one that shipped from China is missing all mention of the trademarked Rainbow Loom on the box. Box is smaller, a lot of differences if you compare side by side. Loom itself has SHARP edges on all the pegs. I can imagine fingers getting all scratched or cut up from using this. The seller DID process the return upon request, and said I did not need to ship the product back.

Note: the REAL RAINBOW LOOM is GREAT!!! I am just dissatisfied with this seller in particular. Seller: SCLM"
Did not take my granddaughter long to figure out how to use it. I would recommend the loom  to any child because of the ease to use it. The joy I saw on her her face was worth more than words of thank you.
"My 8-year-old son loves this product and uses it on a daily basis. He watches the youtube demos and tries to recreate them. It's a really nice product, seems durable and helps with dexterity."
"Kids love this kit, I say if it gets kids away from video games and their computers it has to something good. Keeps them busy for hours.."
My 6 year old loves this. We bought a magazine at the grocery store that showed us lots of different patterns.
This was fun and something the whole family sat around and did together ! Great challenge and family time !
"Gave this to my nine year old granddaughter for her birthday and so did my daughter. She and her ten year old sister spends hours with them, creating all kinds of ""jewelry"". You can also hook two looms together. So much better than being buried in headphones and computer games. Buy extra bands!"
"This is not a real Rainbow Loom. I have 3 others and this one is a fraud. The edges of each peg are very sharp and therefore dangerous to use. There is no trademark, although the box and the info packet are very close copies. This seller should be shutdown."
"This seller is advertising the product as Rainbow Loom - it is not.  I ordered it, only to discover that it is being shipped from China. Shipping cost me almost as much as the product. Then when it arrived, I discovered that it wasn't the real Rainbow Loom. It is made to look like it, but there are very distinct differences!  Do not order this product, it is a rip off!!! When I contacted the seller they told me I could return it for a refund - at my own expense. I don't think so, it will cost me more to ship than what it is worth. Mine is going in the garbage - lesson learned - I may as well have just torn up $40, would have been less hassle."
This is a Counterfeit Rainbow Loom! Do not buy! Counterfeit Rainbow Loom's are extremely Toxic and Dangerous for you and your children!
"Do not buy this item it is a counterfeit.  The edges are sharp, the connection hooks are dangerous for kids.  Stay well away from the item."
"I bought this for my daughter as all the kids at school were making bracelets.  She LOVES the loom, keeps her busy for hours.  There are not really instructions for each bracelet, so for those new buyers, be advised you can go to Youtube and search for instructional videos.

Jill Cordoni"
COUNTERFEIT DO NOT BUY - we ordered this for our grandkids and it turned out to be fake product.  Will break unsafely and may contain toxic materials.
The plastic piece to pull the rubber bands over/under broke.  We need to find a replacement part for the loom.
"This was a gift for my 10-year old granddaughter's birthday.  She lives in another state, so I didn't get to see it in action.  The response to my order was FAST - arrived earlier than projected.  Everything seemed to be good shape."
"My 9yr old loves this loom.  She has made dozens of bracelets, but has yet to master the more complicated ones.  Instructions are minimal and she's had to resort to finding tutorials online."
I received a fake and counterfeit loom. The picture on the box was out of focus and the colors on the box were a little off compared to the real product loom we bought at Michael's. Please do not waste your time with Amazon and this product. Go to the [...] and read the warning on their site about these fake products. Amazon should close these frauds down.
My daughter and her friends are obsessed with theses! Luv the kit and that it comes with all the accessories!
"it is a shame that Amazon let's this companies scam you, I ordered 6 rainbow looms and got Krazy Loom, I thought it was a mistake  but once I read all the poor reviews, most of them said that got a different loom  than what they ordered, very frustrating and dishonest, you better go to Michaels and get the real thing . Don't trust any of these companies ."
"My 8 yr old granddaughter loves to make these bracelets.  I highly recommend this to get your child to ""creating."""
"Bad situation all around. After receiving it, it was obviously a counterfeit product. On the Rainbow Loom website it told how to identify fake products and also indicated that safety standards but also not have been followed. I reordered the product from a reputable toy store in the US and will discard these. The rainbow loom itself is fantastic. It looks like lots of fun and I can feel comfortable knowing that they are safe and lead free for the kiddos."
"I have not given this gift yet, but I'm not happy that I paid $17.74 just a couple of weeks ago, I have not experienced this before so I'm not thrilled now, makes me think that I should check all of my amazon purchases from now on!"
"This is a COUNTERFEIT and is DANGEROUS!  My daughter has a real one and just received this one.  It is a FAKE.  Look on the Rainbow Loom website.  They specify what the counterfeits look like and this is it.  The edges are DANGEROUSLY sharp, there is NO directional arrow and the parts don't come apart to make certain bracelets.  DO NOT BUY THIS!  Report it to Amazon immediately!"
My kids are going to love these almost everyone at their school has one! I got my son and daughter both one and finally I have enough words to submit this review. FINALLY!
This item is a fake. I just received this yesterday and my daughter spotted it was different right away and compared it to her's that we purchased from Michael's and it is not the same. I didn't realize it was shipping from China until after I ordered.
"Unfortunately this appears to be a counterfeit.  While it may not seem like a big deal that it is a knock off, the conterfeiters don't have to adhere to any kind of safety standards or regulations.  You want something without lead?  Not a concern on their radar.  Worried that if it breaks it won't be as susceptible to sharp shards of plastic that resemble a butcher knife?  Who cares.  Not really sure if the seller knew or not so I'm not slamming them in the event they were duped too.  Thankfully the item never arrived and the seller quickly refunded me."
"I didn't receive the correct loom that I was looking for.  I thought I was buying the Rainbow loom and I received a Royal Loom...not exactly what I was looking for but, it will work."
"This was a counterfeit kit. Broke before it was even used. Pieces don't separate. Beware. Only get the real kit. The counterfeits look real but compare carefully and you will see the differences.
Update: seller was responsive and refunded my money quickly. Thank you."
"DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!! THEY ARE CROOKS AND ARE SELLING COUNTERFEIT RAINBOW LOOMS!!
look at the picture of the box for proof. do you think the original box has the L overlapping the A like that? it does NOT!!!
THIEVES!!! I want my money back!"
Received this very quickly! Product was as explained in post :) My daughter will be so excited to find this under the tree! Happy Customer
My daughter loves it and plays with it a lot. I like the creativity of this concept and stability of this product.
This is the only place I could find this for my granddaughter and this is what she ask for this year.
"I would rate this 0 stars but it isn't an option!  This is a counterfet item!  It is absolutely fake and DANGEROUS!  Do not buy Rainbow Looms from 3rd party senders, especially from China!  They are fake!  They are dangerous!  These people are ripping off the real Rainbow Loom producer!  Please beware!"
Nice for girls my doughter injoy it nice also for gift and it's a craft but it need to buy more rubber
"FAKE! Do NOT purchase from Lucky Lou's. Even though it is advertised as the ""Rainbow Loom"" brand, including the picture, they sent me a cheap fake brand. If I wanted a fake brand I could have gotten it for way cheaper. Now I am stuck trying to find the real Rainbow Loom with Christmas not too far away. I do not appreciate the false advertising and being misled!!"
"This loom has three rows, rather than just two like the cheaper ones.  I only gave it 4 stars because one of the knobs broke off fairly quickly without much force.  I suspect a manufacturing defect.  However, it was not being used properly, so I still gave 4 stars.  My 9 year old grandaughter loves it!"
"My daughter loves this.  It looks exactly as described.  The rubber bands are fresh and stretchy, not old and breakable.  The colors are bright.  A friend told me to buy this brand because it's the original, the quality is better, and the rubber band refills are less expensive than other brands.  I can't verify the truth of any of these statements, but we're happy with the product."
My daughter loves it. She makes everyone braclects. Can't seem to get enough of it making something all the time.
yes the looms are very nice i am sure my grandkids will love them i bought 2 of them for Christmas
"Purchased as a gift for niece.  She LOVED it.  The directions were a little unclear, but that's mainly due to the process of making the bracelets - not the instructions themselves.  She quickly got the hang of it and was making them for her cousins.  So happy with the purchase!"
"I ordered 2 of these looms and was very careful about making sure it was the real official Rainbow Loom by Rainbow Loom. I zoomed in to make sure that it had the official patented number on the box.  It has the right number but it is not the right loom to go with that number.  It is suppose to have the patented label on the bottom of the blue base of the loom, it does not.  It is suppose to have a red arrow on the top so that you know which way to turn it to put the rubber bands on, it does not!!!!  It is suppose to have the rainbow loom logo on the hook, it does not!

I'm sorry to say that this is not the official patented Rainbow Loom that the box's description ""patented"" says, It is not!

This is the first time that I have ever returned something to Amazon.  I am extremely disturbed that companies are out there misleading potential buyers that their product is the ""official patented item"".

I am sure that this loom is very useable, however, I bought these for my two precious granddaughters and I do care if the products are safe for them.  I want to be sure that I am getting the safest item available for my girls.

I really wouldn't be giving it a 1 star, but in order to post, I needed to rate it.  Hopefully, this review will help someone make the right choice in whether to buy this product or not.

Being returned by an unhappy Nana."
LOOM WORKS WELL WITH THE RUBBER BANDS THAT I BOUGHT TO MAKE BRACELETS.  STRONG AND DURABLE AND COLORFUL BANDS CAME WITH THE LOOM.  HELPS YOU GET STARTED MAKING THINGS.
"This is so much fun. This is a great gift for an older child that really likes to create things. The loom is very versatile, you can make bracelets to purses. I've had a lot of fun with it and I'm an adult!"
This is counterfit. The box shown in the ad is not the box that you receive. Don't order if you're looking for a real Rainbow Loom. Very disappointed
"I made a bad choice on this one.  I bought it at $20, thinking the price was going up....and then watched the price go down.  But after ordering this, I read about all the indications that a Rainbow Loom is counterfeit, and this one is definitely counterfeit.  It has rough corners/edges, is set up backwards, etc.  I compared it to a friend's genuine loom and the quality is obviously inferior--and she paid $3 LESS than I did.  I'm heading to Michael's to get a genuine one that I can touch before I buy.  There are so many counterfeits out there, that online just doesn't work well for this purchase.  Which reminds me, I've always been a huge Amazon fan; I do most of my holiday shopping online.  But I was disappointed that there was no screening process on this vendor."
My grandson picked this out & when it came I was surprised on how much he really like them.  I must say that it does keep them busy for quite some time.
"Use caution... there are multiple manufacturers of ""looms"" and they do all meet the same standards in quality.  The one we ordered was pictured as the ""Rainbow Loom,"" however, when it was delivered... it was a generic brand and the colors of the little rubber bands were not as vibrant.  This was disappointing since we had paid for the higher quality version."
"Counterfeit!  I have a real one and was shocked to see this one.  It's not the real loom, and really cheaply made.  I am returning, do not buy."
I liked this set especially because it did not have little girls on the front of the box; can be gifted to boy or girl.  Gave it to my grandson and he loves it.  All the rage in schools now too.
"Sturdy, good construction.  Excellent web back-up.  Fun, more fun, still more fun.  Have I finished my word quota yet? ok!  Oh; and did I say it was fun?"
"Please DO NOT BUY this product from this vendor. The official Rainbow Loom product is a solid product. I purchased two from an Arts & Crafts store for my two children. I purchased on online from this vendor as a Christmas gift for my neice and none of the contents were the same as what I purchased from the Arts & Crafts store. The loom is different, the rubber bands are different, I received S-clips vs. C-clips, and the hook is a small, sharp hook that looks nothing like the official version. I am completely disappointed and will not purchase from this vendor again."
"My girls love this.  Me, not so much.  those rubber bands are everywhere!  if you get this you have to get some kind of organizer for it!"
My kids love these things. They spend hours on them just be ready to find the little rubber bands all over. Unless your kids are really careful. The patterns and colors are endless there are even jewels you can add. Pretty neat.
Loom was a knock-off. We tried to use it anyway and it kept breaking bands and eventually the loom broke.
This is a FAKE loom!! It does NOT have the imprint on the tool or on the back of the loom and the plastic is sharp and rough!! Piece of junk that was sent directly from China. I thought Amazon made sure they aren't selling counterfeit merchandise. Go to rainbowloom.com and it shows how to tell the fake from the real.
"I love the looms best gift ever!!!!!!!!
You should send me more looms for free because of the inconvenience on the waterdrop cases I still have not got!!"
These are awesome! They are definitely worth the money! I have bought them for boys and girls. My son loves his!
"If I could I would give them a negative rating! If you go to [...] you can find all the ways to tell that this is a fake starting off with the fact that the cardboard box corragation goes horizontal instead of vertical, it doesnt have the same barcode, the hook doesnt even have rainbow loom on it, I know this bc I went to rainbowloom.com after I went and got mine from Michaels bc I was tired of waiting for mine from this place.  I ordered it on 11/09/13 and received it 12/09/13.  This fake rainbow loom if broke will break into sharp pieces and can cut your child. i warn you now DO NOT BUY THIS LOOM FROM THIS COMPANY!!! IT IS A FAKE!! If you don't believe me then go to [...] for those of you who have already bought from here and look at the difference.  The bar code on their Rainbow Loom is 0 670541 161685 The bar code on the real original Rainbow Loom is 0 670541 160183. WATCH OUT FOR THIS IMPOSTER!!!"
took longer than i expected for delivery but its here and my daughter is going to be locked in the room making all of us bracelets for eternity
"Very speedy delivery, and this is just what my granddaughter needed to make her band jewelry. A very solid loom and easy for kids to use."
love it the kids have b een usng it all the time and are making necklaces and bracelets to give to others
"I DID NOT BUY THIS ITEM FROM THIS SELLER, AND DON'T PLAN TO. I AM GRATEFUL FOR THE WARNINGS AND REVIEWS THAT OTHERS HAVE GIVEN. AFTER READING THEM, I CHECKED OUT THE OFFICIAL WEBSITE OF RAINBOW LOOM, AND FOUND THAT THIS IS A COMMON ISSUE. I FEEL THAT OTHERS SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE COUNTERFEITS BEING SOLD SO I HAVE PROVIDED THE LINKS. BUYER BEWARE!!!
[...]
[...]"
"This is probably a fake Rainbow Loom. It doesn't hook on correctly to the second one I bought. It works fine and I don't notice any difference in the sharpness of the plastic or the strength of the bands. It's a different size from the second one I bought and in order to hook them end to end I have to hold them together with rubber bands, fortunately I have a lot of them!"
This is an awesome gift. We love it! It keeps us busy for hours. It comes with directions for the single bracelet on the regular and mini looms. There are endless designs and charms to make so this never gets boring. It helps to look them up on the internet and YouTube.
"Shipped quickly.  It was exactly what was pictured. Great crafting toy, many hours of fun.  Good quality, no problems or missing parts."
"I bought two Rainbow Looms at two separate times. The first Rainbow Loom was purchased from a seller called ""SCLM"", the second Rainbow Loom was purchased through Amazon with prime shipping. The second purchase arrived before the first, and I gave it to my little sister to start using. She loved the Rainbow Loom and has been making rings, bracelets and what not ever since. I've been waiting on the first Rainbow Loom purchase to arrive for a while, and it finally came today. My little sister told me that some Rainbow Looms were counterfeit and that she wanted to look at the package to be certain.

Imagine my surprise when after examining the package for 3 minutes, she comes back with ""yup, it's counterfeit like I suspected, since it was coming from China."" I'm like, ""whaaat? counterfeit Rainbow Loom, what?"" I never imagined there would even be such a thing. I love my sister and she's smart, but she's 9-years-old, so I took to the internet to see what the hell was up. I look up the difference between original and counterfeit Rainbow Loom, and whaddya know? My Rainbow Loom purchased from SCLM was counterfeit!

Rainbow Loom is awesome, so I didn't want to give my review one star, since I'm reviewing the PRODUCT and not the seller here. I just wanted others to be aware that counterfeit products are being sold to us from China or wherever else."
"Per their mother's ""suggestion"", I bought these as a Chanukah present for 2 little girls (5 & 8).  They were thrilled when they opened their gifts - saying ""I've always wanted this.""  So the purchase was a big success!"
So happy to have found this for my niece. This was one if her must have items for Christmas. Looking forward to lots of bracelets.
"Surprisingly good toy.  Bought this for my 5 yr. old grandaughter but her 10 yr. old brother was even happier with it.  It seems all the kids in his class have been making and trading these bracelets and he was feeling left out.  Now I am the best grandma ever so was definitely worth the price!  While we all love high-tech toys,  it is nice to have something that is sort of old fashioned and creative for the kids to do.

4 stars instead of 5 because the plastic seems a bit brittle and the directions could be better."
Kid loves this thing!  Has all required necessities to get started.  I'd recommend buying the organizer with it or you'll have little rubber bands all over your house
"Bought 2 of these from my grandchildren. Honestly, my grown children are having just as much fun as my little ones! And that's great because they are working on the projects together as a family! What better way to have family time then to spend it having fun without a TV!"
"No other word that ""amazing""  what a great idea and it is very reasonably priced and the extra loops are not outragious in price either.  Great for any age too."
"UPDATE- do not buy this loom from Bandz by Rainbow. It is a counterfeit. Not only did the hook and the pegs break; my daughter and I both have scratches from the sharp edges on the loom. My advice, buy the original from your local Michael's or from the actual Rainbow Loom website."
Grandson loves it and has made a lot of bracelets. Granddaughter wants one now. Most kids will like I think. A+
I am so unhappy with this purchase because they are counterfeit sets.  The seller should be ashamed of themselves for their false advertising.  The hooks/edges are so rough and sharp.  It is sad that they are even selling these things.  Please beware and always purchase from the original maker or a reputable store.  Amazon needs to have a system in place to monitor these things.
There are some bad and some good but the bad ones are counterfeit are the picture on the front is blurry and it take like 3 weeks to get here from China and the loom snapped just after I opened the box
"Daughter and her friends love this. Always a hit wherever we go. Car trips, hockey games, family outings, Wherever we go!"
Arrived right away which was especially good for  my grandchild. This seems to be the rage and all the kids are learning to do this. Great non-electronic fun!
"My grandchildren liked it so much that I purchased a second one.  the bracelets are a bit tough to learn to make but, once you know what to do, they are easy.  Kids love them."
"Not even one day after receiving the loom, one of the pegs broke. Then a few more broke a few days later. On top of that a piece of the hand tool broke too. Total disaster! We bought 2, and it happened to both. My kids were very disappointed to say the least. I would definitely not recommend it."
"It was great at first but eventually you get board of making bracelets and other things. Over all it was okay, and it worked like it was supposes to."
"This is the latest craze amongst my students, so I bought it to see what all the fuss was about.  It's amazingly simple, yet challenging if you try the more complex designs.  The Rainbow Loom website has a bunch of instructional videos for different patterns.  It took me a minute to figure out the technique, but I'm enjoying it and so are my students!  This would be a great gift for a craft-loving young person -- fun and educational (lots of problem-solving and patterning)."
The kids love playing with it for hours.  Although the little looming tool broke about two weeks into it and thus my boys are no longer looming.
Kids love it and it is something to keep ME entertained as well.  Only drawback is the multitude of tiny rubber bands that seem to get dropped everywhere.  More of a kid problem than a manufacturer problem though.
This product may not even deceive a single start since it is a cheap knock off and absolute theft of intellectual property. Amazon chose  better the sellers who sell illegal products! The plastic might be toxic and kids who play with it may inhale toxic fumes!
"I ordered this from SCLM by accident.  I didn't realize that until I got my confirmation and found it was being shipped from China and wouldn't arrive for 3 weeks.  I contacted Amazon and canceled my order.  The seller gave me a refund even though they reported it as shipped.  It actually just arrived, and while at first glance it looks just like the Rainbow Loom, it is a FAKE.  I actually went out and bought an original Rainbow Loom from Michaels after canceling my order on this, so I had the original to compare.  First - the FEEL is just different.  Looking at the loom, you can see the quality difference.  This one is rougher with points and catches in the plastic. However, the most obvious differences are the lack of a marking arrow on the bottom, and when you look down into the REAL loom, you can see ""Rainbow Loom"" embossed in the plastic - the fake is just plain.  You can check out how to spot fakes on the Rainbow Loom website.

Now, mind you - I gave this 3 stars because the ORIGINAL Rainbow Loom is very, very good and would get 5 stars.  But you must be very, very careful who you buy it from.  The fakes out of China have not been tested to meet our safety standards.  I really think Amazon needs to be a bit more selective about allowing these 3rd party sellers to sell counterfeits. I wouldn't risk this again - just go to Michaels and pay the $16.99.

UPDATE 12/7/13 - Well, obviously Amazon has listened to the complaints about this seller because they have been limited in their ability to sell.  However, in the last 2 days, I've gotten 3 emails from the seller through Amazon begging/harassing me to change my review of them.  That needs to stop."
Knock-off item. Not original - going to return it. Compared it to another one I bought in a store in SC and it's not the same.
I got a bogus knockoff....Not a happy camper! Don't buy this product...it's made in China...not the U.S.A. like the box says.... China's toy standards are different. I'm PI$$ED!!!! I will never buy from this person again.
"Got this for my granddaughter's ninth birthday. She was  so excited  that she started to make bracelets immediately. Then her best friend came over to teach her fancy designs, My granddaughter took her father's tackle box and  sorted all of her bands and had the box almost filled in no time. Then the girls swapped different colors to enhance their stock. I was very happy that I ordered this and also a refill package.."
"I bought two of these for my girls and they love them! We've had them for over two months now and they are holding up beautifully. I did find it cheaper to buy the refill bands at Michaels, Hobby Lobby, or Learning Express rather than getting them on Amazon. I did buy two of the ArtBin 4-Compartment Tarnish Inhibitor Large Box, Translucent Clear  to store the looms and the bands and it works perfectly!"
This came from China  - (Sold by SCLM) and is a very cheap and cruddy replication.  The middle row would not come off. The instruction sheet was a copy that was crooked.  Terrible.
"I bought this for our 8 year old daughter. She loves making gifts for her friends and family. However, she does not use the loom. She prefers doing it by herself. Our entire family struggled to figure out how to use the loom to no avail. Have not taken the look into the video since she is fine without it. Could have saved some money just purchasing the bands...oh well!"
"This is not the original rainbow loom that you would see in Michaels. It is a cheap knock off. It is impossible to adjust the pieces, and the pegs are very rough.  It also took about 3 weeks to get here.  Save yourself the aggravation and just buy it from Micheals."
Great quality. Endless fun art project! My daughter love it! She looms so many patterns following You Tube. I purchased more sets for Christmas presents!
"<div id=""video-block-R3NU6V51IEFM31"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ruAw9BNvS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91RH0LobxsS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Our little daughter simply loves these and she's made so many bracelets already, all her girlfriends got at least one and now she has more to spare.

The attached video should give you some idea of what you can do with this kit."
This is not the same item that is advertised on the box.  The items was also received broken. The bottom pieces were different then what is shown on the box.  This item is also missing the front to create some of the designs. I am very disappointed with this product. I know others who got this product in the local store with the same package and theirs was different and the a  quality is better.
The biggest hit this year for elementary school age kids. This is the newest form of friendship bracelets.  My granddaughter loves it and has made the entire family their own bands.
daughter loves this...makes all different kinds of bracelets styles and colors....very kid friendly. my 6 yr old niece can use it just as well.
"Just be careful buying the Rainbow Loom from someone other than the main company or a local craft store.  I purchased this online and got it in the mail yesterday.  It smelled like chemicals.  The writing on the box has misspelled words and a photoshopped picture on the front.  I contacted the third party, and they readily admitted that it was counterfeit.  They said they were cheated by their supplier.  I had purchased this to donate it to Toys for Tots, and I'm grateful that I noticed the problem.  Horrible!"
"Excellent customer service and fast response !
I am very happy with this seller!
Kids having fun with this rainbow loom.
Will be the best holiday gift for all ages.
Thank you!"
This is counterfeit.  It does not contain a UPC code and the odor from the box is horrible.  I would be afraid to let a child use this due to the smell.  I am surprised that Amazon allows counterfeit products to be sold on its site.  Do not purchase.
Love the Rainbow Loom!  It keeps my kids (6yrs and 3yrs) busy for hours!!  Both kids and make a bracelet from start to finish on their own. Best gift ever!
My daughter hasn't put it down...fast shipment too! This makes a great Birthday or Christmas gift. Easy to use. Be sure to order more bands.
"This kept 3 little girls, ages 8 - 9,  and 1 mother entertained for hours.
That made me decide to buy one for my granddaughters for Christmas,
plus several extra packets of the bands."
"Hey yall, if you want to get away from the counterfeiting issues with the rainbow loom product just be sure to order from the ""Rainbow Loom LLC"" seller that way you get it directly from Rainbow Loom.  I would also recommend ordering their bands as well since they are advertised as phthalate free.

I emailed the webstore and and this was the suggestion I received in less than an hour.

Do your research."
"I bought this for my niece for her birthday, as it is ""all the rage"" here. She turned 7 years old and she told me she loves it! She used up all the rubberbands in just over a month from using it so much! I would highly recommend the Rainbow Loom!"
Absolutely a fake. The minute I opened the package I could see that it wasn't the real thing. The photo on the front is so blurry. Disgusted. This is going back. DO NOT ORDER THIS.
"I got this for my 7 year old daughter and we think it's really neat. We're a crafty family, we are always making things, so I thought this would be right down her alley. She's still a little too young to really get in there and stay focused on making a bracelet from beginning to end, (some of the more complicated designs are pretty difficult) so for the most part she just picks the colors and hands me rubber bands, and I make the bracelets for her. The simple designs she can do herself, though. She loves rocking the bracelets we make at school, and she said she has gotten many compliments on them. I have to admit...I actually have a lot of fun with it, too. If your child can focus on a detailed task without getting bored or distracted, they would probably enjoy this."
My son and daughter (11 & 14) love the rainbow loom. Love that it gives them a break from the video games just to have quiet time to themselves.
"Package is late, Originally, I thought this was a Prime item... I then found out that it was not and am disappointed because it has taken longer than anticipated to receive the package. If it had been shipped 1 or 2 days before they sent it out, it may have been here on time. I had to go to the store and purchase something similar for a child's birthday as this is late. I will have to return it immediately and expect a full refund."
this was not as pictured missing usa verbage bottom right and lot number top left  the one i received made in china fake
"This review is not for ""rainbow loom""-but for the looms sold by the seller claiming to be ""rainbow loom"" until you purchase it, and then it becomes ""modesto toys"". I'm not one that usually cares about name brands, but when you are selling a product that is an obvious fake made to look like a certain brand at a higher cost than the real thing- it makes me mad. I purchased two looms from this seller, one for my daughter and one for my niece out of state. I did my homework, knew what I was looking for in a fake, as well as the reasons a fake might cause issues later on. I thought I was getting a real one because of the pictures posted and the great reviews. Both looms came in different boxes than the one shown on this posting from this seller. The pictures were almost unrecognizable and super grainy- a very poor attempt at copying the ""rainbow loom"" box. It was also missing trademark stamps on the product itself, which doesn't affect how the product works- only is to say, the product was a fake inside and out. The very obvious problem besides it looking bad, was that the product inside was dangerously sharp on every peg (which I thought could possibly be filed down, but can't be because of the angles and size of the pegs). Sharp pegs are a big deal because it could not only ruin your project even if it only breaks one band as you pull it off since they are all inner woven, but more importantly could cut your child's finger as they put on and take off bands- a process that is very hands on. I was very frustrated that a product with so many great reviews and offered as a ""prime"" product was a complete fake. The real thing I was able to get at Michael's for $16.99- regular price. I'm in the process of sending both looms back and waiting for a refund- save yourself the hassle and wasted time, as well as possibly putting your child in danger- get it direct from the rainbow loom website or from Michael's which is the only athorized seller I've found in my area."
The original...what can I say? The trend lives on and the authentic is still the one most sort after. Makes my child so happy and keeps her mind and fine motor skills active in a way that's becoming harder and harder to find our kids willing to do. Rainbow Loom has restored my faith in man(child) kind again!
Bought this for my 8 year old 2 months ago and she is still playing with it regularly and loving it!  You can't go wrong with this set
My daughter loves this.  This has held up well.  I like that you can add more looms to it to make a wider or longer patterned bracelet.
The Rainbow Loom crazy is everywhere including at my house. My two girls love making bracelets and it's an excellent activity for road trips. I am glad we jumped on the band-wagon because it helps them follow directions and work out problems when they took a wrong turn in the instructions. There are a ton of You Tube videos to make additional items which are not in the included manual.
"This is one of the best products I ever ordered on Amazon. You can make a ton of bracelets! Its so cool and awesome! If you need to refill your bag of rubber bands, I recommend ""Crazy Loom Band Kits"" which is available on Amazon."
"Bought this for my 7 year old daughter.  Not only does she love it, but 10 and 4 year old brothers do too.  Our neighborhood kids all have these and its a craft that actually gets used over and over unlike most that never get finished even once."
My daughter loves this loom.  We have had it for several months and she uses it daily.  It is still in perfect condition.  Hooray for a crafty toy that takes children away from the television and engages their hands and minds!
The loom itself was great and the grandkids love it but the price I paid is way to high. You can buy two in retail stores for what you pay for one here.
"My 9 yr old is obsessed with this thing!  She won't leave the house without her Rainbow Loom kit!  Once she mastered the basic bracelet, which was almost immediately, she was out on YouTube watching videos showing her how to make different designs. She makes bracelets for her 12 yr old sister (& her 12 yr old sisters friends), for her brother, her aunts, cousins, teachers, friends and both me and my husband. Kids are even taking custom orders in school and sell them so she makes money to buy extra binders!

We have found that for replacement binders, it's cheaper to run to our local Michaels store to buy them for $3.99 a bag. I am constantly taking her to Michaels for more binders!  She loves making them and her friends come over with their looms to make bracelets too!  She recently made a necklace for my son with a soccer pendant on it!"
"Here are the reasons I disliked this product. The plastic rows were easily breakable. After mine broke I went and got another one and it turns out it was a rip off of the real thing. It doesn't come with the original Rainbow Loom rubber bands, and the plastic isn't as strong as the real thing. DON'T GET RIPPED OFF BY THIS COMPANY!"
"Hey this review will be coming from the mind of a twelve year old boy and will have two sections,
One for kids,
And one for parents.

Too the kids: This is AWESOME guys! you can make like a bigillion things and a the designs and colors are ENDLESS! Hours of fun and YOU can make money from making and selling braclets! GO BUY NOW

The Parents: This toy is highly educational and will shut your kids up for hours. Kids will LOVE this and its a great gift. WARNING NEED PATIENT KIDS!! This can take time but has basic and hard designs. LIKELY you will find rubber bands all over your house. And I recommend you buy 1800 pack extra bands. OVER GREAT TOY! Highly recommended as gift or just for fun. :)"
The item I received was a counterfeit and not the one sold by Rainbow Loom (and advertised on the photo)
"No, I'm definitely not making bracelets with this, but my 10 year old daughter certainly is. The fad caught on a while back but she recently wanted to make her own, and now she's taking orders from family members so she can make them to order! I certainly have no problems with her playing with this vs. TV or video games. She hasn't ventured beyond the standard weaving pattern, but I think she's getting ready to experiment. I would definitely recommend a LOT more rubber bands when you buy this. We didn't have many break (only a few during her first hour or so using it) but once she gets into it, you'll need a lot more bands."
My 8 and 9 year old sons can spend hours watching online 'training videos' and creating colorful bracelets and necklaces for themselves and their friends.
My girls love it and have made several bracelets.  Girls and boys at school are wearing and trading the bracelets and necklaces.  Very popular right now.
"EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS LOOM AND RUBBER BAND FAD IS A WINNER FOR MY FOUR GRANDCHILDREN.
THEY AND THEIR FRIENDS WORK ON RINGS AND BRACELETS DURING RECESS AT SCHOOL  EVERY DAY"
total fake my daughter has areal rainbow loom  go toothier site and buy it almost same price and way better quality
"Bought this loom for my grandaughter for her birthday. She loves it. I've looked at other looms, but this one is by far the best quality."
"If your crafty this is a great product. It's very durable and you can make simple to complex braclets, rings and I am told other things which I have not tried yet.. Good for girls or boys."
Its definetely the best loom out there. Very sturdy and nicely constructed. Better than the knockoffs ive seen. Great product for loads of fun
This is a fake. The box looks almost the same but the plastic is milky and sandy instead of clear and smooth. It's also much more fragile. Stay away.
I own a genuine Rainbow Loom and this is not one. It is made to look like the real loom. Do not buy. Edges are sharp. It may damage your rubber bands. I purchased it from Di Di Do.
This product is a counterfeit product!!!!!! Do not buy!  It's not the real rainbow loom.  It was obviously of very poor quality and not safe - one peg broke within minutes.  The stick is about to snap after three bracelets.  DO NOT BUY!  I went out to buy a rainbow loom at my local toy store and it is of much better quality.  DO NOT BUY this one!  It is a fake and inferior quality.
This product is counterfeit.  DO NOT BUY.  Ordered it so we could create a loom combined with an original.  It's clearly fake - no rainbow loom markings on the contents. Pieces don't fit together well. The package came from China - had I known it was from China I would not have ordered -but kit doesn't say it's from China.  At least on e-bay you can identify where products are coming from. Shame on Amazon for facilitating this fraud.
"This product is a fake.  It is a counterfeit!  DO NOT BUY!  This is not the real Rainbow loom.  It is a poorly made flimsy loom with rough and jagged pieces and edges.  When you first open the box out comes a strong bad odor.  When you look and the loom compared with the real loom bought at a Michael's store.  It is smaller in size and lacks the trademark and patent.  On the fake box it lacks the registration and when compare with the real Rainbow loom the image has been altered.  The bands included are also fake.  Real rainbow loom bands are taut, but the fake ones stretch 3 to 4 times further and are not smooth or round.  When we contacted the vendor they did not deny the product was fake and they did return our money.  In broken English they asked for a good review.  Wow really?  It is such a SCAM!  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT IS NOT SAFE FOR CHILDREN.  IT IS SHARP AND BRITTLE. Plus it smelled toxic.  We bought this so our kids could connect two looms together for bigger creations.  Michael's price after taxes is $18+.  Please go there to buy the real one.  This one is not safe!  I have mobility problems so ordering online is easier.  DO NOT FALL FOR THE CHEAP TOXIC CHINESE SCAM!"
"I bought this for my10 year old daughter.  All the kids had them at school.  She enjoys crafting as well.  She loves this loom! It is sturdy, and has taken the wear and tear of going to school, sleep overs and daily use.  I had to get one for her twin brother too!  They have made the most creative things.  And there are lots of instructional videos on YouTube.  Get this loom if your kid loves to work making crafty items.  Best one out there!"
"I guess maybe I got a bad batch, I don't know. I ordered two of them so I could do some of the tutorials found on YouTube. Both boxes were opened, not sealed (the shipping box was well sealed though). Nothing was missing, thankfully. The loom bases that hold the pegs together are tight and it comes with a tool on the hook/mini loom to pry them apart. Thing is, when you get them apart, they are very difficult to get back together flush. I wanted to make square (even) loom for some of the tutorials I saw on YouTube. The rubber bands in both packages were not that great. I had to throw out all the yellow ones as they were grimy looking. The white and pink were tinged with purple. I guess that is what made the yellow ones look grimy too.

If you are considering buying one of these, please see other people's reviews as well since these may not be that bad overall. These looms are very popular on YouTube especially since you can pull the pegs apart and make them even-rowed or staggered. I'm going to use mine but I think they could improve them by making it easier to reposition and being more careful when making the rubber bands that odd colors don't contaminate the batch."
"This item works great and kids seem to enjoy it very much. I haven't seen my child's arm in weeks, it's covered in rubber bands."
"Both of my daughters absolutely love this product (ages 7 and 10).  The directions are easy and they love all of the creations they make.  It keeps them busy without me having to have to hover over them reading directions, helping with small parts, etc.  Great gift."
Because I purchased this item for my grandson that turned 9 years old and he loves it!  He has made 4 family members bracelets already and I just gave it to him yesterday!!
"Wow, I almost purchased these counterfeit products (they look like the real thing) for my kids.  Glad I read the other one star reviews before purchasing.  Go to [...] to buy direct online (shipping was less than $2) or find an authorized retailer.  Shame on Amazon for selling these inferior products."
"My nine year old daughters love their rainbow looms.  Due to the dozens of variations and the availability of inexpensive refills for the bands, this is the arts and crafts gift that keeps giving."
"The loom is lots of fun and a great hands on craft idea.
It is a little frustrating in the beginning until you learn all of the techniques.
My grandchildren just love to make the bracelets."
"Cute and lots of fun.

My children love this toy and spent hours playing with it.  Just one thing... make sure to buy enough rubber bands.  They go fast!"
"Great toy, my kids love it, just wish it came with better instructions.  We had to find videos on YouTube to make it work."
"Very nice item
I bought it for my 9 year old boys and they love it.  Keeps them busy for hours"
"FAKE FAKE FAKE! DO NOT BUY!!!! I purchased this, being led to think that it was the real thing. IT IS NOT! The clear plastic loom holders are SHARP! I had a cut from it. There are no red arrows indicator on the loom, like the original. This one has a sticker bearing the word ""Rainbow Loom"" at the base, but no embossing. When I asked for a return, I was told I HAD TO PAY TO SHIP THIS FAKE LOOM BACK! Please do not buy!"
There are fake rainbow looms out there. The same box and everything. You can tell the difference a few ways. The photo is of a box that has all the marks you want when looking for the real thing. The trademark sign is just one way of telling.  It's  a great product and there are tons of desighns you can do with the loom and bands. Best to start with rainbowloom.com and than go to youtube.com
"Very affordable. The ""in"" toy now for girls age 7yrs.  Arrived Quickly, made her very happy!  Comes with alot of bands and other stuff."
My just turned 6yr old granddaughter wanted this for a birthday gift.  She sent me pictures of the very attractive bracelets she made using it.  She's very happy with the gift.
Does anyone know how the children like the Rainbow Loom kit compared to the Sunshine Loom  Rubber band Bracelet Craft Kit?
"So as an update to my last review, I actually went about and cancelled my order of this product due to the long wait period I went through. I should also inform anyone purchasing this item that the company that was selling the loom when I purchased it has changed to a different company. I originally purchased the RainBow loom from the company known as: SCLM. And they are no longer selling it, the company has changed."
My daughter loves this product so much. She spends so much time making bracelets and it shows her creativity! The product came VERY fast and in perfect condition as described.
Not worth its price (32.00).... very unhappy. Wish I could of returned it... but it would cost just as much to return it...
"Instructions were not clear
Should be written so a young child could follow and understand.  Colors were not as brite as one would have expected."
"I got the genuine Rainbow Loom and I could not be happier with its quality and value. The loom and hook are plastic but well made. The colors in the set of rainbow silicone bands that's included in the package are beautiful, and there were no broken bands. There is a sheet of detailed illustrated instructions how to make simple bracelets. My daughter mastered those quickly, then started making more advanced bracelets following the instructions on Rainbow Loom's YouTube page. The rainbow loom is a fun toy that provides hours of entertainment and teaches kids patience and the joy of creating something on their own. It's a great gift idea for kids 8 and up."
fast service.  great product.  This would make a great Chrismas gift for any young child ages 5 and up.  My daughter is using it all the time.
"Mine was a fake. Beware. Look at the box in the photo, it is not what you will receive. Missing the copyright and it's unsafe and has lead."
"This is a counterfeit item.  The spindles are junky, have sharp edges, the bottom is missing all the trademark info and patent numbers, the band puller is flimsy."
"I love my rainbow loom!  It is really fun.  My only problem is that I have had my rainbow loom for about six days and my hook snapped.  I want to the rainbow loom stand at my local mall, the sales man gave me a replacement hook.  The hook I was given I saw, come with the knock-off rainbow loom kit.  I can't use my rainbow loom now until I get a new hook.  I tried using a small crochet hook I own.  It worked but not as well as the regular hook that come with the loom.  I love the things I can make with my loom.  I would however, NOT give a loom to a kid under nine.  This is a toy, I know girls AND boys will love!"
IT IS THE BEST PRODUCT EVER!!!! IT IS GREAT FOR KIDS AND IS A FUN TOY FOR ALL AGES! DEFINATLEY A GIFT IDEA FOR SOMEONE
"This product was drop-shipped from Hong Kong and was a cheap imitation of the original Rainbow Loom. It is bent, the loom holders are rough and will scratch your children's fingers. The manual is an obvious photocopy, not even aligned with the paper. The loom bands aren't original Rainbow Loom either and are completely different colors and quality. Buyer beware!

The Rainbow Loom itself is a great product. But the counterfeits are inferior and hazardous."
"Don't bother trying others!!!  This is the third type of loom I bought.  It is by far the best!  I started out thinking that I would just go for inexpensive because there couldn't be that much difference could there?  I was very wrong.  I have a 10 and 8 year old.  The other two looms I have are very hard for them to use.  I have used all three and this is by far the easiest for me.  We love the Rainbow Loom craze but it is a bit hard for younger kids (less than 8) to use the looms - my 10 year old is starting to be able to use the loom but my 8 year old just sets it up for me and I usually help loop the bands.  I do know some 8 year olds that seem to have the dexterity to use it though - probably depends on the child!
Update:  I just read some of the reviews saying this is counterfeit.  I bought two of these here on Amazon, one from corey_jo and one from A Lovely Cat.  I checked both of them against the website ([...] and compared them to the two I bought at Aaron Brothers and both of mine were real, NOT counterfeit!"
"bought to keep kids busy on trip.  everyone has this and loves it.  i can't wait to keep my kids entertained for hours.  came with bands, plastic device, and needle.  all you need to get started"
My 11 year old wanted this for Christmas & I was worried we wouldn't be able to find it since it has become so popular. She hasn't used it yet but it was very well packaged and is nice thick plastic. It's isn't like some of the cheap knock-offs out there. I can't wait to try it out myself.
"Bought this for a 7 year girl, she was estatic when I gave it to her. The next day she told me she got 3 orders at school for her to make bracelets."
"I got this toy for my daughter Suzzy, and was very disappointed. She tried to make a simple bracelet, and she later came to me with a bloody hand. I then looked at the loom and saw how pointy everything was. I inspected a picture of the loom on the website, and also realized that there was no patent mark. Please don't buy this potentially harmful product. You will immediately regret it. I recommend going to a authorized retailer such as the links below. Please protect your children from this fake, dangerous scam!

[...]
[...]"
It stinks the only thing is that it is STUPID! (DO NO BUY IT) It sucks and has bad quality.
Because when I checked this online the price was 1/2 of what I was charged.  Now it is listed at $18.99 and I was charged $39.99.  This is so frustrating as I order from Amazon a lot.  I do watch prices and this was not how it was offered.  I have not even given it to my granddaughter yet because it is part of her Christmas present.  I spoke to Amazon about this but they said I would have to returnit and re-order.  Costing me additional shipping costs.  I feel cheated.
"Undecided about the rating I should give. On 1 hand, the kids love it, and the tutorials online are easy enough to follow. My 7YO can sit here quietly for an hour looming by himself... And he is normally the loudest, rowdiest kid ever. On the other hand, I received a counterfeit according to the rainbow loom website PDF ([...] Should have listened to my instincts when the plastic felt cheap, the edges sharper than expected for a child to use, the hook breaking after 2 days, the rubber bands included were not meant to be doubled and stretched for more advanced bracelets.  (Seller:  goods to you, price:  $20.95). Amazon is issuing full refund immediately and providing return label, though.  It's to michael's for me tmrw!"
I bought this for my 11 year old niece and she was sooo wanting one.  She just loves it and immediately sat down to use it.
This is a Christmas present. Not sure about it's value or what it's like. Perhaps will add more at that time.
"My 10 year old just HAD to have these.  And though I usually don't buy her stuff like this, especially when it's not a birthday or Christmas, I decided to because it is a little social time during recess.  It seems to work, no complaints.  She whips out bracelets, wrings and necklaces like there's no tomorrow :)"
"As mentioned by another, this is a fake/Counterfeit version of the rainbow loom. I compared it to the PDF on the rainbow Loom site and against another loom and box belonging to my daughter. I am very disappointed.

The edges on the loom are too sharp to use.

I hope Amazon can sort this out. Hello......"
"These are NOT really Twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom
They are counterfit.  Within 4 days the hook broke.  I looked online for a replacement and saw why - go to the rainbow loom . com website and look for "" Danger_of_counterfeits_and_how_to_spot_them.pdf "" for more information"
"As I have commented in someone's review, I ordered this from SCLM and wound up cancelling the order even after Amazon showed it as shipped. Obviously, it wasn't shipped even though I received a notice two days prior that it was. I compared the box in the picture to what was shown in a Michael's ad and thought I was getting the real deal. No where in the description does this say they are not authentic, and they seem to make every effort to make us believe these are the real Rainbow Looms. I contacted the seller to question the authenticity and was advised to cancel my order if I was concerned about quality. On the plus side, they did refund my money promptly.

This is second time I was duped online. The other Rainbow Loom I bought from a different online store was so cheap and broken up that I cannot give it as a gift. Even the bands looked different than Rainbow bands and had a chalky substance on them. I wound up driving two towns over to go to Michaels to get  it myself. It would be one thing if the sellers clearly labeled this as a knock-off, but this is deceptive and probably illegal. At least give me the opportunity to choose if I want a fake or the real thing! And to top it off, the inferior fakes cost just as much or even more than the original.

And just as an FYI if you choose to purchase this, it is shipped from China and takes more than a month to get here. It might not get here for Christmas. I was told it would get here sometime between 12-13-13 and 1-13-14 and I ordered this on 11-16. This was after it said it ships in 3 business days and gave no indication of how long it takes to arrive until after the seller marked it as shipped."
My daughters just love these rainbow loom bandz. They spend hours making different bands which keeps them busy. Also a fun thing to have if you have a play date
"I ordered my rainbow loom from the  Rainbow Loom LLC (offial rainbow loom webstore) on amazon and got the real item. It arrived 3 days before the estimated delivery date in perfect condition, patents on the box and all items in the box. If you're concerned about getting a counterfeit order from their store. It's sometimes hard to find, at least for me it is, on amazon but if you google Rainbow Loom LLC (offial rainbow loom webstore), include what's in the parenthesis, you'll find it. I ordered this item to make bracelets as Christmas gifts for my preschoolers and I am  probably having way too much using a product that's intended for kids, but I've always had a love for crafts and I'm just a big 28 year old kid at heart.

It's a bit tricky getting used to using the hook. I accidentally popped one of my dogs with a renegade rubber band when trying to hook a band to another peg. Once I got the hang of it I went to work on doing the more intricate bracelets I've seen on YouTube. One thing no one mentioned was your hand muscle getting a serious workout. It reminded me of being in school learning how to take notes and having an aching hand after a while. I guess it's been a while since I've used those particular muscles in my hand so it might just be me with that issue.

 Other than that I have no complaints besides kicking myself for not ordering the real rainbow loom rubber bands just to have an extra assorted pack. You can instantly tell the difference in quality. Rainbow looms bands are more firm and consistent in shape and size, that random pack I ordered stretched fairly easily to the point where I thought they would break. The shape of the band itself is very jagged some of them had holes in the band. It came with s clips which are okay but it's harder to get the bands in and I think they're kind of bulky although they're small. Even though rainbow looms bands are expensive, I think it's worth it to buy from them, plus you're supporting a family business with tested products that are meant to be safe for children to use."
My 7 year loves this.  Instead of playing with a tablet or a video game system.  He now sits there and does this.  It is so nice to see that for a change
"My daughter loves it and says it's the ""good one"".  She is continually making things on it and teaching herself new weaves from youtube. I love that she is using her hands and imagination!"
BE CAREFUL AS THIS IS A FAKE RAINBOW LOOM. I CAN TELL JUST BY THE BOX. GO DIRECTLY TO THE RAINBOW LOOM WEBSITE TO LEARN TO TELL THE DIFFERENCE!
I'm so glad I went to the Rainbow Loom website prior  to purchasing this.  These are counterfeits!!  They have a guide on how to spot them on their website and I can tell just by looking at the box it's not the real thing and doesn't comply with toy safety standards!
I was very pleased with each of these items. most of them were gifts for my grand children and they loved them.
We purchased this because everyone in my son's 2nd grade class was talking about making these rubber-band bracelets.  Turns out kids and parents will enjoy making these bracelets!
Twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom - I do not use this product but my daughter has been using this and she loves it. I had initially decided to buy this from Michaels but they ran out of stock and I decided to buy online. I am pleased to buy the product for my daughter. We went to You tube to learn different designs and now my daughter knows couple of them. A great product for kids who loves to learn design/art work/rainbow/friendship bands/rubber bracelets
"I bought this for my 8 year old son.  It's a great creative outlet for him.  I will say that the included instructions regarding how to use it are very confusing.  You Tube has an enormous amount of videos that are incredibly helpful.  He watches the videos and has made dozens of different bracelets and rings.  Just know that if you decide to get a second one for projects that use 2 looms, don't buy a knock off.  We have learned that the cheaper knock offs are not the same length and the spacing between pegs is inconsistent."
This product is a counterfeit and may contain hazardous materials for children. The picture of the product is missing the trademark. See the link and compare the boxes. [...]
My order shipped quickly and was in great shape. This will make a great Christmas gift for my niece and young cousin.
The Rainbow Loom is great.  I bought 2 for my daughters girl scout troop to make bracelets on our weekend camping trip.  The girls made a lot of bracelets and had a lot of fun doing it.  They did not want to stop.  You can also link 2 looms together to make longer bracelets.
This has been my gift of choice for all young girls this year and they are all very happy with it.  I have bought 5 of these in the last few months for gifts as well as for my daughter for Christmas...so I know she will love it
My 7 y/o daughter enjoys making bracelets.  Very easy for her to use.  Additional bands are a must.  Those that come with the product do not last very long
"Great if you want to make the more difficult designs.  If your child only wants to make the fishtail design, two nails and a spool will work.  This would be overkill."
"My son's comment is, ""I love it because I can make things with it for, Mom, Dad, and my brother."""
lovvvvvvvvve this product. Even Though the hook is not as durable as I thought but it has lasted this long. I ordered the metal hook still waiting for it. But this is worth every penny
"My 7 yr old daughter wanted me to write a review of this product, so here goes:
Rainbow loom is very fun for kids and you can go to toysrus and buy it now!"
My 13 year old made me a beautiful bracelet with this kit. It was such a hit that she made lots of them and is selling them for a dollar to raise money for her school play. Her father ordered her a second kit and I ordered 1000 more rubberbands.
My daughter loves it ! she had made a lot of these bands using this loom ! great product she is definitely very happy
"This was a great buy and I was delighted it came a good supply of the rubber bands.  It will keep my rubber band bracelet maker busy for hours!  I had searched all the stores in our area, but could only find them on Amazon!"
Its fun the loom is great the bands dry out and break after a couple weeks after making stuff out of them
My child absolutely loves it!! She won't stop playing with it--even for a minute. Great Purchase for her and the entire family!
Wish there were more rubberbands included in the purchase.  But my kids love it & it keeps them busy!!!  Great buy!
"Well by my granddaughter
s friends that have it now. Which is why she wanted one for Christmas.  I am saving it but it was top on her Christmas list.
Also love Chas. K book Things that Matter- it is great can't put it down.  Love your fast delivery. Notifications and glad I joined!  Amazon is great!  thank u Sherrill"
This is a huge hit with the girls!  My daughter loves her new loom and has been busy making all kinds of pretty jewelry items like bracelets and necklaces out of colorful little rubber bands.  Very easy to use and a great way for your child to explore her creativity!
I bought this toy for my friends 13 birthday it totally sucked. I got it and it was the right box like mine. I noticed the seal was broken so I look inside to make sure all the proses were tere. It was a scam the peices were there but it wasn't a real rainbow loon. They just had the box and so off brAnd one I realy wanted to get her one like mine but the one I got was just a sucky off brand one. There was a loom where the rainbow loom logo was just stuck on there never buy this for a child. This is just some jerk making children mad. I felt like I had to write this review so it doesn't happen to anybody else
I bought 4 looms and gave them as presents to my grandchildren and  it was a hit with 8 grandchildren.
Price is too high from this distributor.  We discovered could get it in crafts or retail store for half the price from distributor.
"Best item ever!, good for a large range of ages!, every girl aged 7 on up is in love with this. I know some patient 4 year olds who can make them as well!"
"My Daughters Friend brought one over to our house, and my 12 year old daughter loved it.
They made Twistz Bands for hours."
Prompt delivery-great product!  My daughter loves it and has made bracelets for all her friends.  The loom is sturdy and easy to use.
"It's unfortunate that this item never came.  As it turns out, it's overpriced by about $15 as well, given the products in the local stores.  I would have returned it, but I never did receive it and there is no tracking information.  I will be filing a claim on this."
"Grandkids love this!  They are 10 and 11, a girl and a boy and they are nuts over these bands!"
My 7 year old BOY cannot put this thing down. He gets more and more creative each time he makes a bracelet or necklace.
My daughter was so excited to get her Loom. Unfortunatly the hook was a little flimsy and it has already broke but the look on her face when she got it was priceless
It came as promised and many bands have been made since receiving it!!  Many more bands to come as the days go by.
"This item could not be found in our stores at home, it was exactly what my daughter was looking for and was shipped so fast it came well before we even started looking for it."
"My 8 year old daughter has fun using the rainbow loom because it is all the rage at her school.  It's sometimes frustrating for her, but there are lots of good videos out there that help.  Most places sell it for $17, which I learned after I purchased this one on Amazon for $27."
"So fun.  My kids and I love to make these bracelets.  The only downside is that the instructions only clearly depict one pattern that you can make.  You have to go online to learn how to make the other patterns.  Otherwise, a great toy that the kids will play with for hours and hours."
"If I could give no stars I would. Not for the product but for the scam artist that sell this. First of all it is overpriced, but what is really bad is the lack of customer service they provide.
My mother was picking up 4 of these for the grandkids for Christamas. I found these and ordered them for her. She picked them up as well without me knowing. I contacted the seller the same day to cancel. When I heard nothing I sent another cancellation request the next day. Still no answer. Finally they send me the shipping info even though I requested a cancellation twice and I also contacted Amazon. With what they want me to pay to return these items I might as well keep them and use them as gifts down the road.
BUYER BEWARE!!!! These scam artist charge $10 - $12 more than other sellers and on top of that are unprofessional to deal with. I will NEVER NEVER purchase anything from this company. And Amazon should never allow them to be a seller on their site. I have made purchases from Amazon for years and this is my first bad experience and I will be very leery ever using a third party on the Amazon site."
hook broke within a few uses had to buy a metal crochet hook. and my connecting pieces don't quite work they are loose
"My 7yo son loves this thing.  At first, he watched You Tube videos to learn how to make certain designs but now he's making them up.  The loom is pretty simple but you get everything you need to make tons of bracelets/necklaces/rings."
This will be a Christmas present for my niece and I'm sure she will love it.  We will wait and see.
"I bought one to use with my 7 and 8 year old brothers- they love it.  Both had occupational therapy for fine motor issues when they were younger, so by no means do they have advanced fine motor skills.  The videos online (look for the twistz bandz channel on youtube) are great for learning how to use it and different patterns.

I strongly suggest the adult learn to use it BEFORE giving it to a young child.  For the first couple bracelets I sat behind the children and helped guide their hands so they could learn how to make them without becoming overly frustrated.  Now they're both able to do it with only a little bit of help (they usually need help with the c-clips and if they drop a band).  They've only had it for less than a week (I bought a second today), and they both have bracelets up to their elbows!

It retails for $16.99, so if Amazon is charging more than that, try Michaels first.  Also beware of knock offs, apparently there are a few and they are more difficult to use and break easier."
"This product is overpriced!  It retails for $14.99 at Toys & Co., and  Michaels's sells it for $15.99.  I will probably return this item."
"WAY OVERPRICED!!!!!! I bought this and when I got it, it was around $30. When I got the Sunday paper I saw a similar one for $5! It came with the same amount of clips but only 300 bands but the replacements were only $1! DONT SPEND TOO MUCH ON THIS!!!!!!! I suggest doing come searching for some less expensive ones before buying."
"This rainbow loom kit is really fun for my 9 year old daughter. Usually she would get a kit and use it once or never. But this kit she uses a lot. I would recommend this for  a birthday gift,cristmas present,or a reward of some kind. I also think that boys would it too. My son wants his sister to make him some bracelets. So i think you should get this kit."
"Bought one for my mentor student and one for home. Did a test run today so I could explain how it's done to my student. It was very simple to pick up! I think they will all enjoy this! On a side note, I purchased them from Michaels for $19.99 a piece...noticed they are $9.00 more expensive on here."
"Great as advertised, ridiculously expensive for a couple of plastic gadgets and rubber bands.  I am sure it will be pricing closer to $5 with others manufacturing it."
The rubber bands stretch so you can use less bands. I was doing a test to see witch kit was the best and this was the best kit. When you run out of bands go to rainbow loom.com to get them. They cost less there.
"Got it 2 weeks ago.  My son loves it but it has already broken apart.  Each row of clear pins broke into 2.  (the 3rd row just broke today while I was adjusting the layout) Also the base pieces were green not blue like all the other ones.  And one of the bases broke.  It came with 3 rows of pins and 4 bases.  Now, I have 6 rows of pins (all broken) and 3 intact bases and 1 broken one.

Flimsy plastic.  Really difficult to use since it won't stay together very well.  One more break and it will need to be thrown out.

I possibly got a knock off since my base pieces were different then all the other ones I've seen.  But this is the one I purchased."
Kids and adults alike in our family find this simple craft ridiculously engaging! Look online for more creative ways to weave these colorful bands.
My 10 yr old loves it... You should shop around for the best price. Fun craft project. Awesome colors. Highly recommend.
Keeps my daughter busy :-) what more can I say? The only issue now is finding more of the rubber bands to make more.
"It was difficult at first but we got the hang of it. Great purchase
I would recommend this product to everyone!!!"
The original loom that everyone is making the bracelets with.  My kids opened their looms and got right to work.  The set includes the hook and adjustable settings.
Child loved this toy.  All her friends have one as well and we have bracelets for everyone she knows.  Great product.  Lots of fun and keeps child occupied for hours.
I purchase the bands for my daughter. She wanted some different bands for her new loom. Fun colors. Great product.
"Great product.  It takes some youtube videos to figure out how to make complicated bracelets, but it's pretty easy to use and the kids love it.  get lots of extra rubber band packs."
its a great product my kids are very happy with it. thank you for a grear product we love it
This product is over-priced and can be purchased in craft stores for ~$16.  I am embarrassed and irritated that I bought the product from Amazon for over twice the amount it is worth.
"I did not order this, but it was ordered by some one other then me, I know one of our cards were used by someone that hacked into harbor freight, and now I think I know which one it was.  I tried by responding right away when I saw the next day but all I got was how to return it, I know by the time I got it it could have been stopped, so this does not happen again, I will not leave number on file.  It was too much of hazel to return it, so will use it for Christmas somewhere, I hope they like it.
I think it is dumb item."
"I baught the twitz bands rainbow loom for my daughter..She loves it,,still is making crazy things with it. This is worth the price!!!!"
The Rainbow Loom is the real thing and is extremely high quality. Be very careful when buying your loom. I've checked out many others and they are cheap substitutes. When stretching rubber bands on these looms you want the strongest one.
I order the rainbow loom and what they sent me was not the real rainbow loom. They sold me a fake one I was told it was exactly the same but just a different box. Upon finding the real rainbow loom in the mall for 17.00.  I notice it was not the same. The hook is different and the contents are different. The real rainbow loom has the better contents and hook. I now own 3 fake ones and 1 real one and the real one put the fake one to shame.  This seller is false advertising and misleading consumers. I was so dis satisfied with there product and how they conduct business. They take you in and then send a letter saying the box is different but it the same thing in a black box. Please don't believe them it's a lie. Do your research before you purchase anything from this seller. They over charge you for a fake rainbow loom. The real one goes for $17.00 and the fake one $10.00. I was sold a fake one from this company and over charge red for it. I would never order from them again. I would not recommend anyone to buy from them either. So if your not if liar with rainbow loom PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE BUYING FROM THIS COMPANY.
I got this for my 11 year-old daughter.  She has made bracelets for all of her friends and family members.  She loves it!
My daughter loves this and uses it all the time. It's a great gift for all Tweens and up! Recommend
"My 6-year old granddaughter loves this loom. She is making bracelets for everyone in the family, and all of her friends. It took her only a few tries to learn how to properly string the bands, so that they interlock and won't unravel when you remove the bracelet from the loom. A fun craft that will teach her attention to detail, and strengthen her hand and eye coordination."
I bought this as a gift for someone then we bought one fir ourself s. The kids love same product you can buy at Michael's awesome quality.
"I am hoping my grandaughters will enjoy this as much as my friend's granddaughers did. I plan to watch a video on You Tube with them, and then help them get started."
"Fun.price went up though.n as I've ordered new bands, it took longer to receive them.but we've enjoyed the tye dye ones n glow n t dark t best.real fun for my boy who is 10.there fun even for grownups."
Purchased this for my grand-niece.  She loves making things with these looms.  She has several but wanted more so that she can make things longer and/or wider.
I just found out that we got WAY OVER CHARGED for this item.  The market price is $16.99!!!  We paid almost double the market price!!!
I got this kit at Michals craft store and these are so fun to make!! I love making these for my friends and family and the insructions are easy to follow. The hook comes in handy if you don't have long nails to lift it up. There is also a bonus 600+ bands in it s
"Tons of fun for my 8 year old daughter. Available at michael's in store for $17, so I'd save my money and go there in person..."
This activity is great for boys and girls.  My son and all of his friends say that it is the new Kadama (however you spell it)
Badly overpriced by Amazon...available elsewhere for a lot less. Its a fad and I guess te importers from China are just riding the wave. This thing has (conservatively) a 90% gross margin.
"Makes completing craft much easier than using your fingers.  Just wrap the bands until the bracelet is long enough, put on end and connect bands."
"The unit itself it pretty durable, and the manufacturer gives you enough rubber bands to make plenty of bracelets, but the instructions are very poor.  My daughter had to rely on youtube instructions as a beginner."
"Kids love these!  I just wish there were better instructions included.  Like many I've found out, we've all had to resort to youtube videos to figure out how to do these!!

But the kids enjoy them anyway!!"
"This is the exact same product that you see everywhere online.  It contains the loom, bands, c-clips and a tool for working with the bands.  I find that the tool is a little large for first use and started out using a very fine (size 1) crochet hook.  I eventually graduated to the included tool once I became facile with the use of these bands.  The loom is made to come apart and can be put together in other ways for different projects.  The directions that come with it are okay but limited.  It's best to find videos online.  The online videos are very good and will help make sense of the patterns shown in the the directions."
These are all the rage now. My daughter loves it. She is making bracelets and necklaces all of the time. The kit included everything she needed.
"My boy wanted this and he loved!!  Even more, I love this.  It is fun to make!
I tryed my friends Crazy loom, I liked this Rainbow Loom better because of better needle and be able to change the base board.

I recommend!"
EASY TO USE.  9 YEAR OLD READ INSTRUCTIONS AND MADE THINGS ON HIS OWN.  HOURS OF FUN AND CREATIVITY.  GREAT GIFT IDEA!
"Both my 5yo and my 10yo love making the bracelets!  My 5yo just uses her fingers though.  I wanted to say that at the time of this review, Amazon is selling these for nearly $30.  You can buy them at Michael's for about $17.  Amazon had them for $20 only a few weeks ago."
"I was so excited to buy one of these. I bought into all the hype. Read that this was ""addicting"". I found it to be a complete waste of time and money. Bought it for the grandkids but tried it out first. Frustrating. The bands also smell like petroleum. I paid way too much for it and then added bands to the blunder. So now I have a box full of rubberbands and a plastc loom. I might be able to sell it on ebay for twice what I paid for it. People are all charged up and will pay anything for this. Maybe I just don't get it, but it doesn't seem anything but a waste. My one granddaughter is good at it but also thinks it is an overpriced piece of crap.
Sorry. Just think there is more hype about this than the pet rock craze.  At least that worked as a paperweight and could literally be thrown for protection.
Who comes up with these things? And why was I foolish enough to buy it?
I guess some like it I don't."
My kids absolutely could not wait for this to arrive. They have spent so many hours enjoying this. Thank you!
"My granddaughter & myself have enjoyed the loom. She takes hers to school & make the bands during prime time. I make the bands & give them away. Made singles up and gave away at Halloween. The kids loved them. I enjoy making, thanks for a great product."
"This box does not close very well and it doesn't hold as many bands as I thought it would.
I have seen better containers at other stores."
"I hope everyone is doing some research about this product before purchasing it.  The rainbow loom can be found in many different stores for $10 cheaper.  It is insane that it is being advertised for almost $26.  It may convenient to have it delivered to your house, but seriously a little effort put into the search process and you can fine it for the $16.95 it usually sells for.  As far as the rubber bands go...I almost fell over when I saw Amazon selling them for the original price of 20 something dollars for 600 bands then marked down to $3.09.  A little bit of leg work will get you nicer rubber bands and  a loom set at the right price."
It's fun to do.  Only wish you would get more directions within the box since you can't always could.t on internet access.
"My daughters love this thing!  They spend hours making bracelets, rings, and necklaces. They love watching YouTube videos to learn new ways to make bracelets."
This product has taken over the house! the kids - boys and girls - really enjoy making bracelets. it is a great activity when the kids need to be quiet and seated like waiting their turn at dance competitions. portable and fun.
Great product. My 7yo loves this and so do her friends. They have been bracelet making maniacs. Amazed by how easy it is. Loom has stood up to abuse of younger brother too. Great gift idea too.
"This toy does nothing but cause your children to get overly frustrated.  Also, if you must buy it, make sure you buy one for each of your children; otherwise, prepare yourself for World War III."
My Daughter was in need of this product at the time. Now they are selling this product at Michaels for less then $20.00 dlls US. But for what's it's worth. I like it.
"I purchased this for my grandkids, age 8 and 5, before a recent vacation trip.  They loved it and we came home with tons of bracelets for everyone!"
"The description says it comes with 2 templates, but only one was included!! For the price I paid I think it is a rip off!"
Got this for my granddaughter and she is hooked. She looks up designs on You Tube and quietly looms all evening long. When I saw her last night she showed me a pattern for a Captain America figure on the band loom?!?! Crazy!!
I bought one for my daughter& one for my niece and they love them. They can sit for hours and make different creations every time they sit down. Very mobile and able to take along in the car too.
"I only open it, but the packagine is cool looking which may be part of the appeal to the youngins."
"My 8 year old son and his friends (boys and girls) have gone crazy for these rubber band bracelets.  They look up different patterns on youtube and the create all types of bracelets.  It's a fun, entertaining craft that is perfect for 3rd - 5th graders...maybe older children, too."
Gave it as a birthday gift for a 8 year old. I guess it is what in in now these days
My daughter loves this. Finally something not electronic kids can enjoy. I like the creative factor. Hours of fun for the children.
"After reading all the negative reviews on the cheaper kits, I decided to pay more and buy the Rainbow Loom. I would agree that this is a higher quality kit right down to the rubber bands. My son has made 3 bracelets within the last few hours of receiving the kit."
"My 9-year-old granddaughter loves this project.  She has made bracelets for all her friends at school and cousins.  I told her I would pay her $1 for every bracelet I needed, she created 5 of them with an hour.  She is now planning on making her own Christmas gifts with this project.  It's fun to watch her make them and especially seeing how proud she is to make them.  I did notice her mom had one around her wrist as well as her 14-year-old brother and her dad ;-)"
Deal with the price and get the quality stuff. If you want do some more searches in Amozon and I'm sure you can find this for $16. My Freind got a off brand and the whole thing just snapped. I definitely Recomend thus
"My granddaughter loved this item and it was reasonably priced.  I will purchase the refills when needed.
Love the creativeness it offers."
"I bought twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom and it became a big Hit ! With my Granddaughters , I bought three more they  love it."
"My son loves it, he never tires of making new bracelets for friends and family. Wonderful craft for boys and girls alike."
"great item, happy that I purchased it couldn't be better recommend to everyone else great great great yes buy this"
My daughter and her friends enjoys using this.  Keeps her busy for hours. They have made all sorts of different things with it.
I saw this same item advertised at Michaels for $17 and I am sure you can find it other places for the same or lower. Most times you can find stuff on amazon cheaper but not always so make sure you shop around. The amazon price is more that $10 more.
My daughter was interested in the Rainbow Loom so I purchased one for her birthday.  She really likes to design different bracelets and necklaces.  She wore one of them to school and her classmates really liked it.  Now she has classmates asking her to make one for them.  She has expanded her designs by creating pendants and charms after watching demos on Youtube.  If your daughter enjoys making accessories to wear with outfits then this is a product to buy.  Since it has small rubber bands I would not recommend it for kids under 8 years old.
Granddaughter loved everything in set....great price.....thank you!!!!  She has made lots and lots of bracelets for her friends.... Will  buy again
My daughter absolutely loved this item. Cant put it down. Goes every where with her. Happy Happy happy with this product.
So much fun! What a fun gift . The kids loved it and lent to creativity.  Mom rocks now and service was fast.
Kids love making designs using loom and the tools which come with the loom. Several kids making wrist bands and necklaces. This set come with direction on how to make several band styles and weaves.
"They are rubber bands.  My kids and I have been having a wonderful time making bracelets, rings and necklaces.  Thanks so much."
Amazing how one can make bracelets out of rubber bands.  One disappointment in front of Halloween was no orange in the multi color pack.
"My 10 year old son, 13 year old daughters, and the 5 year olds down the street all love this crazy thing. Don't ask me how it works, but everyone is having a blast using it. Amazon had the best price...with free shipping, can't be beat."
"Great craft, kids learn new skill and have fun doing it. Lots of colors and clasps. Can make rings and bracelets. Sturdy kit"
"I got this for my 7 year old and she has not put it down.  It is a great product.  Very durable.  Really challenges her imagination.

You can go on line and there are instructional videos to create bigger and better bracelets."
Great for creative minds. My son has gone on you tube and found tons of great ideas. Wish the rubber bands were sorted by color and it didn't try to get you to buy a second loom to make wider bracelets. But don't worry you don't need two. Plenty of options with just one loom.
"This Rainbow Loom came in perfect condition. The arrival time was quicker than I expected it. I purchased this for my daughter for her 9th birthday and she loved it.  She was so excited about this, that we stayed up making bracelets for everyone in the house. The diagrams are simple to follow and if you get stuck with making the bracelets or want to try a new pattern, check out youtube and you will be able to find a lot of designs. Another thing is ordering more colors because it only comes with one bag of mixed colored rubber bands. Have fun with it!"
"Yes, bracelets for boys, made by boys!  I couldn't believe it when my 9 year old son asked for one of these.  When I picked him up from his after-school care, I asked him to show me what it was he was asking me to buy for him.  Interestingly----a group of boys had these supplies and were the ones making the bracelets.  He told me all the kids at school have them----boys and girls----and he was the last one in his class without a kit (not sure if that is true or not but it was a compelling argument!).  Anyway, I got this for him----and it really is a creative toy and he hasn't lost interest in it yet.  My kid is specializing in ""NFL Bands"" and he made me a Kansas City Chiefs colors bracelet----made himself one in Miami Dolphins colors-----and we had to buy a separate bag of dark green and white bands so he could make a New York Jets bracelet for a woman I work with.  If this company were smart, they'd nail down a licensing agreement with the NFL and even have little tags with team logos that could be clipped on the finished bands.  5 stars because kids are going wild over this and it seems to be a good quality product and great design.  It's expensive for what you get----but it provides hours of fun."
This was exactly what I ordered...packed with fun!! Great idea for eight to twelve year old kids who enjoy crafts!!
"As the new ""it"" toy for young girls, I had to order this for my daughter. It has held up well, no broken or missing pieces."
Grand kids loved it and made more than 20 bracelets over the weekend. Amazing that boys enjoyed them as much as girls
Awesome. My daughter loved it. It was fun for my daughter to do.  It was a very creative idea. She makes our family a ton of bracelets.
Arrived quickly and exactly as described. Grand-daughter will be thrilled. She is 8 and loves to make jewelry and this is the latest craze at her school
"My granddaughters love the rubber band bracelet loom.  Keeps them busy for hours and the bracelets are cool.  The 6 year year old has a little trouble getting it off the loom, but the 9 year old helps."
Nephew loved it!  Cannot say enough nice things about it.  Kept him busy for hours and hours.  Now my niece wants one so I guess its time to place another order.
This is exactly what my daughter was looking for.  She loves it and loves to make things for everyone with it.  She even takes it to school & I have reordered rubber bands twice already!
The rainbow loom is a neat crafting item. All my friends are now wearing them. The fact you can only purchase them from amazon or Micheals is a bummer.
my 10 yr old kid loves it and I see a lot of bragging among friends. It is wildly popular at the local elementary school.
My kids and I love this! We've made a few things with what the starter kit came with and will be ordering more bands so we can make more!
They all worked flawlessly. I would recommend it to my friends. The kids made all there friends one and then some.
"My son loves the rainbow looms. He spends hours making them. I wish there were more looms though, we had to buy extra ones!"
Ordered this as my grandkids loved the first ones I had gotten them.  These were for the other granddaughters and they love them also.
Bought for daughter's tenth birthday.  She loves it. So many creative ways to make bracelets.  She's happy with the basic pattern now but I love that as she grows the patterns can get more complicated. We love it!
What a wonderful toy. I think this is a great for children. Nice quality. I highly recommend. My daughter is 8 1/2 and she loves making bracelets.
Very happy with this purchase.  Bought it for my kids and they're very happy with it.  Will spend hours making bracelets and whatnot.
It works great. Its so fun to make bracelets on it. It comes with a bag of rubber bands and the rainbow loom mini tool. I do not have anything negative to say about this product. That's why I'm giving it a 5 star rating.
My kids love this! They spend hours using it to create lots of jewelry. Easy to use. Arrived quickly. High recommend.
The kit is great and the bands don't snap unless u really pull on it but they r pretty good. :):):)
"I am having a blast making bracelets with my granddaughters with this handy gadget. I saw them in the craft store for a few dollars less, but I am satisfied to have one. I always look first to Amazon for all my purchasing needs and was a bit disappointed that their price was higher, perhaps I will look around more next time. The product is fun and well made and arrived on time. Would give it 5 stars except for the price."
the moment i got it which I gave it to my niece.she love it and be playing ever since than.
Great value for product. My nieces loved It and it was a better deal than at my local craft store.
This is so much fun!  I bought this for my 6 year old daughter and she spends hours making bracelets!  She loves making them for her friends.  It is easy enough that she can make them without needing assistance.
I purchased this as a christmas gift so I have no idea how it even works.  Just know my grandson wanted one for christmas.  Looking forward to giving it to him.
I bought two of these. It looked like something that kids would want.before I got a chance to buy them. My granddaughters asked for one. They love it
Ordered this for my daughter and came very quickly after I ordered it. My daughter loves it and has nothing bad to say about it.
"My daughter (10 yo) absolutely LOVES this simple yet dexterous set.  It comes with lots of different rubber band colors and weaving instructions - even a demonstration DVD included.  Now the whole family is wearing beautiful colorful bracelets!  She is making them for her friends, neighbors, teachers (!).  This is much better and more clever than the silly bands, which were popular couple of years ago."
I use this to make bracelets for my family. Works as expected. This was easier to find online than in store to purchase.
"Rainbow Looms are fun and both my 8 year old son and 11 year old daughter are enjoying this item.  However, the price of $33.99 listed here is WAY too much. I bought the exact same item at Michael's for $17.99!"
The product is every thing it clams to be. The kids had a lot of fun making bracelets. The rubber bands have a nice bright color.
"We bought this from Amazon because it was sold out in stores. My daughters are 8 and 9 and they both have one. They absolutely love it. My son even wears bracelets (and so do my husband and I). My 9 year old has watched some video tutorials on youtube and is able to make rings, charms and some other fun bracelets. Its nice to have them doing something that doesn't involve apps or batteries!"
"My 8 year old daughter came home from a playdate last week with a bunch of bracelets made of rubber things. Turns out it was from this kit, and that it's THE latest thing for kids that age. Sensing it would keep her and my 9 year old son busy, I immediately bought the kit.  Sure enough, they have spent countless hours making bracelets over the last week, for themselves, each other, me, my husband, my parents.  So worth it."
It all started with a girl next door that made these bracelets for my boys then they went to a party where the kids were making bracelets and they were hooked.  I bought my boys a kit and now they make these too!  They make them for themselves and for friends and family.  It's easy for my 7 year old to make but my 5 year old needs my help.  Fun and keeps them entertained for a long time.  NOTE:  Be careful purchasing on Amazon - the kit costs half the price in retail stores like Michaels.
She loves this and with a little help is making all kinds of bracelets!  Great gift for kids that like to make things!
My 7 year old daughter loves craft projects and this had wonderful reviews so I got this as a Christmas present. I love this because it is not electronics of any kind and it will be a wonderful project for her to complete. I can't wait till she opens this one!
Use it all the time and think that it would be a great gift! I am very happy with my purchase!
Where I live the Rainbow Loom is in big demand. I simply ordered it online and had it in a few days whereas others are having to wait for stores to get them in stock. Both my daughter and I are having fun learning how to make bracelets.
I had to pay a premium for this but I could not find it in the stores.  My kids love this and now I just have to keep up with the bands.  So far the quality seems good.
"I bought this particular rubberband loom based on reviews. My kids have never made bracelets like this before, so I wanted to find a fool-proof one with good reviews. Both my kids, ages 9 and 8 were able to follow instructions to make the simple bracelet easily! Then they started looking up vids on youtube for other ones, and they were able to do those as well! I recommend this one for sure!"
This was a gift for the niece / nephew.  Great start pack and these are the hot item right now.
Perfect.  My granddaughter loves it.  She found it easy to use and has already been on the website for more design ideas.
We have made many things to wear with the loom. It is easy to use to make many different bands.
"I love this product. I enjoyed making the bracelets, even if the instructions were a bit challenging at first. I wish it came with more instructional variety, but that is easily found on the internet. My seven year old, for whom it was purchased, quickly lost interest. As with many things, it had a little too much structure for her and not enough room for her own creativity. I am sure she could design her own bracelets if she actually took the time to, but she does not seem to be a child who perserveres through tedium. All of my friends who have purchased them for their daughters say that their kids love it. In our house, it appears to have become more my toy."
My 9 yr old loves this loom. She loves all the creations and is so proud of her work and that makes me happy :)
"I bought this for my grandson, but can't get enough of it myself. Always making one for someone at work. Fun!"
"Happy with shipment, not happy that the price went up $10 after I put this item in my cart and checked out a day later to $39.95 and it was currently $34.95 on the site, but $5 more in my cart.  Returning it to Amazon out of principal as I think it's totally unfair to mess with the price like that considering most retailers are selling this for $16-24.99."
"I bought this for 17.99 on here about a month ago.  I can't believe the price has gone up to over $34, yikes!  I saw it in Michaels a couple of days ago on sale for about $16 FYI.  This item comes with the loom, rubber bands and clips to hold the bracelets together.  We went on youtube to figure out how to do them.  Lots of videos on there and the girls who made the videos do a great job showing you how to do it.  We really enjoy this item and I just bought some extra bands on here yesterday.  My nieces who are in their mid-20s also liked the loom and now my mother is going to buy one for them too :)  So it is enjoyable for all ages!"
"My granddaughter 5 loves crafts and thinks this  kit is the greatest.
She makes bracelets for family and friends and wants to start selling them!
She learned to use it quickly and has had a great time."
You can not find these in stores by me (MA) so I was so excited to see it online.  It was shipped fast and provides hours of fun for my 9 yr old
"My kids (10 & 8) love this. My daughter has had it for about 10 days and has already made several things by watching online tutorials. My son hasn't used ours as much, but he has made several bands and lots of the boys at school make bracelets too. Be careful not to pay too much, when I got it the price was around $17 on amazon, which is a fair price compared to other sources. The thicker bracelets will use up your bracelets sooner and with the mixed color bag that is included you may run out of your favorite colors quickly. Our kit didn't include any orange bands (which my child needed for a proper rainbow colored bracelet). We went to a demo at our local toy store and the off brand product they had was not near as well designed or of the same quality as the original Rainbow Loom. Also, as another reviewer pointed out, the photos that show an organizer are misleading, it does not come with a separate plastic organizer (only the insert inside the box)."
"The loom was really easy to learn, anyone can learn how to do them. They entertained the grand kids for hours."
The cost on here is way over priced .. Can get at learning express for less money. I bought one for my son at toys r us for around 16 and change.
Bought this product for my granddaughter and she loves it! It was easy to use! She told me that she made bracelets for everyone and has already run out! Would buy this again
"This is such a fun toy! There are hundreds of bracelets to make for every level. A bit pricey. Also in the instruction booklet they only show you how to make one kind of bracelet so you need to look online for more bracelet types.
Overall, loved it!"
"I thought the kit would include a variety of patterns, with more detailed instructions.  NOT INCLUDED.  You got the list of possible patterns, but were instructed to go elsewhere to get help.  When following the instructions, they were not always clear enough with directional arrows or any helpful tips in case you made a mistake.  I would not purchase the kit again."
sent this to my 7 yr old grandaughter and she absolutely loves it! Making bracelets all the time! Highly recommend.
"Rainbow Loom arrived just as described and was easy to use right out of the package.  We followed the simple instructions and after watching me make one bracelet, my daughter (who is 9) was able to begin making her own bracelets.  She had a great time choosing colors and when she wore he bracelets to school, her friends and even a teacher wanted bracelets of their own.  I don't have any regrets with the Rainbow Loom and would recommend it to anyone."
"I'm writing this review for the price. if you don't mind how much you pay. Stop reading.

The pictures show an plastic organizer but actually not included in the package. I paid $25  by ordering from here, thought I should have the kit with the plastic organizer. Otherwise why would I pay $8 more? Michaels selling the kit for $16.99."
"My wife got this for my 3 daughters ages 9,8,and 5. This loom is amazing ! It occupies my girls for hours at a stretch!! That ALONE makes it worth your purchase. It's been 5 months and the kids still play with it, which amazes me because most kids have the attention span of a frog. Buy this for your kids and enjoy the silence. Oh yeah,it's good for their creativity and yadda, yadda. Buy it!!"
"Great hobby for kids.  Just be warned, it's only the beginning of many more $$$$ to be spent on more bands and accessories!"
"I bought the Rainbow Loom for my 6 year old because she wanted it so desperately.
She even slept with a picture of it under her pillow, sweet girl that she is.
I was hesitant because the box says 8 and up
I got it anyway thinking I would just ""help her along""
I was wrong.
The first day we got the loom we watched the you tube directions and away she went... three hours of non-stop bracelet making.
This is a great product, it encourages hand eye coordination , focus and organization.
The loom is well made and easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I highly recommend this product."
Excellent product..keeps my 9 and 6 year olds busy for hours. Easy to carry around in the car and easy to store.
"My daughters love it and have a great and productive time making wrist bands, accesories for earrings and more. Quality as expected."
We own two of these Rainbow Loom kits. They are nice quality and a good value! Very satisfied with them!
This is a great bracelet maker for kids.  They will spend hours challenging their minds by making bracelets for all their friends.
"The kit arrived quickly, it has everything you would need, my daughter loves it she has not put it down at all. I bought extra bands just in case she would ran out."
I had bought this gir my kids birthday thsts coming up soon. They've been asking every day if it came yet. The look on their faces is going to be priceless.
My daughter is able to make fun and functional bracelets wit little frustration. She packs it and takes it with her wherever she goes;)
I sent this as a gift to my neices. It was exactly what we thought it would be and the best price on the web and free shipping. It arrived a day earlier than expected. Very Happy :)
Love it. Kids were so happy to get this kit. There were other kits available but I thought this one was best.
"Twelve-year-old granddaughter mentioned that she'd like to have the Rainbow Loom for her birthday.  Good Grandma that I am, I obliged.  Granddaughter was very pleased and hugged Grandma.  Grandma WINS.  Granddaughter WINS.

The loom is well-made, very easy to learn/use, and 12-year-old and her 8-year-old sister have been busy making pink and white bracelets to wear during Breast cancer Awareness month.  They have been selling them for a couple of dollars apiece and they are donating the entire amount to a cancer foundation.  (Mom & Dad are footing the bill for the supplies)  Thus far, the girls have made $286.00, so the charity WINS.

The loom is a great gift for pre-teens and is priced right.  Yes, I would purchase it again, but the loom is so well-made that it seems like it will outlast the fad.

August 16, 2014 - The loom is still in use, having been used for I-don't-know-how-many bracelets, and countless little ""charms"" as seen on You Tube.  Quite sturdy, I must say, and hours of entertainment made it well worth the price."
My 9 year old learned how to do it fairly quickly and LOVES making bracelets for her family and friends. Good clean fun. Her girlscout friends were selling them at a fundraiser also.
"This i a great toy for boys and girls in elementary  school. This toy has gotten popular and so the vendors here on Amazon are taking advantage of it. I bought is a month ago for 18.95$ Now it is 34.95$ What a rip off..

I suggest you go to the maker and but directly fro them. It still costs only 16.95$ there.

Wauw, great toy.......but shame on Amazon vendors for increasibg price nearly to the double."
I purchased the Rainbow Loom so that I could practice some of the more intricate bracelet patterns that my niece and nephew wanted to learn. The kit had everything I needed and was fun to play with. It was hard for me to stop using it and turn it over to the kids!
"Ordered for my 10 yr old Granddaughter one, she loved it, so I ordered another one for the 9 yr old...... they have spent hours playing with it .  Will purchase again."
"My 8yo granddaughter has been borrowing her friend's loom to make bracelets and all she can talk about is getting this for her birthday on Halloween.  Of course, now her 5yo sister wants one for her birthday (they are 3 days apart).  They will be thrilled to get them and I also got some glow in the dark bands to go with it.  I think it will be a favorite."
It's a GREAT product but i just cant beleive that Amazon is trying to sell it for 29$!! I bought this a few weeks back at learning express for like 14.99 so i had money to get more packs of rubber bands.
My daughter loves this!  Item came in a box suitable for re-use / storage for a reasonable amount of time.  The quality of the product seems very good.  It was used immediately upon arrival and is working just as advertised.
I purchased for a gift that I haven't given yet for a 13 year old that showed interest in the product. I hope it is not too simple for her.
"This product is a great toy for kids of all ages 5+. It is super fun and so much better than using your fingers. I give this product a 5 star rating because of the overall quality of this toy and the great price.
Written by 12 year-old"
"Our kids (young teens) like using this to make bracelets and necklaces in a variety of styles that look great but are made of rubber bands.  I've heard two stories now about who created this and I'm pretty sure that there are multiple versions of these looms made by different parties, but this one was reportedly created by a Chinese couple here in the US who were making bracelets for income, expanded the business and ultimately created this loom for sale and became wealthy, the American Dream.

In any case, I am thrilled when our kids take time to craft something instead of staring catatonically at a video game, etc., and they make attractive and interesting stuff that I'm actually very happy to wear.  These looms and their bracelets, etc., are currently very popular with kids across a wide range of ages.  Too detailed for me but most kids love this."
"this is like trending, so i decided to give it a try, and i got so addicted to making bracelets now!!! i give them out to my friends and they love it, although we are all in high school! LOL"
My daughter loved this loom.  It was a great gift for her.  She used it even with one arm broken...  She loves designing new bracelets and watching the videos.
I love doing activities and new things with my daughter. She already had one so I got one for myself. She helps me and I help her.
"My kids (7, 14, 18) all like these bracelets so I got this kit so they can make them.  The kit came in and contained everything we needed.  I followed the directions included for the basic bracelet.  It was pretty minimal and not impressive.  The videos they have on YouTube aren't great either.  However, do a YouTube search, there are better directions out there.  I found one by a little girl, easy to follow, making the fishtail bracelet.  Much more substantial feeling and much easier to make.  If you need the basic supplies to start, this is a good kit.  If you are looking for clear instructions for different bracelets, look elsewhere."
"My 13 yr old came home from school with a bracelet her friend made her and she wanted to make her one in return.  I saw this product at our local craft store but they were sold out.  So I went on amazon and saw it, purchased it and received in 2 days.  My daughter was super excited.  Since she has been making bracelets left and right I asked her to teach me.  She did and this past weekend we spent making bracelets and shopping for charms and new rubber bands.  This is a great product!  I just wish I would ave found this sooner.  Thanks!"
I bought this for my niece bday and she loves it and already made bracelets for us!  very cute gift idea for boys and girls.
"Went searching around town for the rainbow loom after my kids (5, 7, 9 y.o.) were introduced to it by an older cousin (11 y.o.) It was cheaper in store but after 2 visits and 2 calls we could not find it in stock. We bought one for each child on Amazon. Of course it came fast and was exactly as expected. It was a couple dollars more but with free and fast delivery it was worth it. My kids love the loom though it is a little difficult for the 5 and 7 year old, boy and girl respectively, to master independently. This was to be expected as they are younger than the suggested age. My 9 year old read the instructions and went to work right away making a black and orange basic bracelet for Halloween and seems relatively adept at the basic form. My 11 year old niece had mastered the advance designs and was fairly quick with them. So just bear in mind, a patient younger child can do it but will probably require a bit of assistance. Also the more complicated bracelets might hard for them. The plethora of youtube tutorials are very helpful. At the end of the day, it is keeping them and me entertained through a school break featuring some cold, rainy fall days. This was my goal so I am a very satisfied customer.
The price has increased to $10 more than when we purchased it. Considering that it is difficult to keep in stock it is not surprising. Yet it is a bit disappointing. We were going to buy another as a birthday present and the current price makes it less appealing. Hope traditional stores still offer it at a bit lower price."
"Smaller than I expected it to be but gets the job done.
My granddaughter loves it and makes beautiful bracelets with all the colorful bands."
I thougth Amazon was always the best way to go but I have since found this loom cheeper at several different local retailers.
I bought one for my daughter and my neice and they haven't put it down yet!! I even enjoy making bracelets on this! Definitely a great choice!
OMG love it. Bracelet ideas are unlimited. Wish that you sold gold and silver color bands. If you guys did I would order more refill bands
"It was a relief to have found the loom on Amazon, I did not want to go to all the stores and be told they were sold out again"
"My niece just turned 8, and my sister told us that she really wanted this for her birthday. She just about went bonkers when she opened the package! She didn't even wait for the party to be over before she popped it open and started making bracelets with her friends and cousins. The party was only 2 days ago, and already this morning I got an email from my sister saying, ""Many bracelets have already been made!  We were at (blank) craft store yesterday and I bought her a book that shows how to make other styles, and I think we may end up drowning in rubber bands at our house. LOL""

Amazon prompts me to give stars answering, ""How would you rate this toy's educational value?"" I gave it 5 stars because it requires manual dexterity, creativity, concentration, and, because she got a book of patterns at the local craft store, the ability to follow a pattern.

EDIT: The niece texted me on her mom's phone yesterday to say how much fun it was! She wanted to know our favorite colors so she can make them for us, and suggested my 13 yr old son would like it too (despite his thinking it's a ""girl thing""). She said boys at her school are making and wearing them.

Not only that - it's a gift that's not on a screen!

EDIT November 24: my son had a chance to use this at his cousin's house. He no longer thinks it's just for girls and he wants one for Christmas! He especially liked the glow-in-the-dark rubber bands. He made himself a neat necklace with the glow-in-the-dark and  black rubber band."
This is a cool things for kids to make and it is really popular right know in alot of schools.  Alot of kids are wearing them and you can make alot of different things with them.
My son is loving this loom.  He and friends are making all styles of bracelets.  It's a great way for him to spend his time without electronics.
"This was a gift to my niece for her 10th birthday, this item arrived on time, she was thrilled when she opened the box and saw her bracelet maker. She is pleased and so am I!"
"All the kids that I know like it very much.  fun activity for winter and snow days....
great weekend activity"
"However, it causes quite a lot of grief when you had to peel the bands off the loom and I ended up having to do a lot of the work. Kids seem to love it, the boys have competitions to see how many they can wear."
My kids were excited to get their loom some difficulty try to figure it out but now I think they have it down pat all in all good product
Completely addictive! Younger hands need more guidance and help as their fine motor skills develop but 6 yrs and up will loom for hours.  Also makes a great birthday present for friends since it's under $20. It's the go to craft now at our house.
"these rainbow loom bands are great it comes with 25 c clips and the kit is better then the other kinds.  i love it and you will love it too  my Name is,Nicole"
"My daughter's team mate had some and she ""had to have"" one. We searched our local stores with no luck and order this as we finished our search in the store. I told her it would be two days and she did not believe me. Two days later it was on the porch when she got home from school. It was like Christmas. She has made a countless amount of bracelets. She gave all of her friends at school one for spirit day. Will have to order more bandz soon. Great purchase and would be a great gift for girls - tweens."
"We have only learned to make the single bracelets so far, but this loom is already a big hit with the kids (ages 6, 8, and 9)! I love having crafty things to do with the kids. I'm sure I'll have to get more rubber bands soon!  Great purchase and as always, fast shipping from Amazon."
We tried to find this item at our local store and they didn't have it.  Thank goodness I found it here. My Granddaughter just love this loom.
I got this for a dear friends 9 year old boy and I'm here to say it was the best gift ever!  Just know that the starter kit comes with very few starter options. You will need to order extra bags and different colors too if you want to make the fancy bracelets. Other than that it's better than video games any day of the week!
"My 8.5-year-old daughter has been very interested in making rubber band bracelets since many of her friends at school are making them too. Initially, we did them by hand, and created very basic, simple designs. Then I heard about this kit called Twist Bandz Rainbow Loom, and decided to try it out as my daughter wanted to try more complex designs. I purchased this at one of the craft stores locally at a reasonable price and got started on the kit (with my daughter) as soon as we got home. The box itself comes with the basic essentials required for creating the bracelets, i.e. a bag of multi-colored mini rubber bands, a needle for threading the bands, and C-clips for fastening the finished product.

I would advise purchasing more rubber bands in assorted colors, whioh we obtained from our local craft store, since the amount of bands supplied with this kit will run out quickly. My daughter wanted to make Halloween bracelets and we got individual packs of black, orange, and purple bands. The Rainbow Loom website has tutorials on how to make various designs, from simple beginner's to intermediate and more advanced. My daughter and I also found some excellent how-to videos uploaded by creative individuals on youtube, and my daughter was able to make a fishtail rainbow loom bracelet all by herself. She got the hang of the loom very quickly and I'm hopeful she'll be able to handle the more complex designs with more practice. I love this kit as my daughter gets so much pleasure and confidence from being able to make something by herself, and it also develops motor skills, and builds dexterity and patience!"
"my granddaughter loves this item & has made so many bracelets that they have ordered more bands.  she has made many for her friends as well,"
"As a gift, the ""Twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom"" is an excellent choice. Our friend's nine-year old granddaughter loved our gift of this item.  She has been ""manufacturing"" bracelets since receiving it.  The sense of creative accomplishment and the satisfaction that comes from making and sharing something with friends is a real plus.

You may want to order additional bands when you order ""Twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom"". YouTube videos provide, beyond what is included with your loom, a good source for information about creating bracelets and other items.

You may want to check the internet for pricing on this item as it varies greatly.  When I purchased this from the Amazon Marketplace, it was under $15 and shipping was less than $4.

Although some may see ""Twistz Bandz Rainbow Loom"" as a current fad, it is definitely a worthwhile purchase. Five stars, absolutely!"
"my dad originally bought one for my sister (11) and me (14) to share...little did we know that later that day, we'd be back at Michaels buying another one; my sister was completely enchanted! I started the craze at my middle school; literally making twenty one bracelets in one weekend for people who didn't have their own loom, however, within days, everybody I knew had bought their own; even my best guy friend got himself into it. now, a little over a month later, I know a total of twelve different styles of bracelets, my own collection is about sixty five; and I've definitely overdosed on rubber bands :P. but beware...they sell fast. very easy to make money off of and very trendy. definitely keeps me off my iPhone and entertained for hours."
great! just what I wanted My grand children will really appreciate the various colors and will have a ball puitting together bracelets.
"This little crafty toy is a rage around here. You see those rubber band bracelets and necklaces everywhere. She is constantly coming up with new designs and colors. Whats really nice is you can buy replacement bands for almost nothing so it is a inexpensive toy that remains so. As far as I can tell it is well built and easy to learn.

My granddaughters 8 and 10 are having a lot of fun so it is well worth the small investment."
"Was all the rage at summer camp and now we have it at home!  L4 stars because some of my daughters friends
gave up the loom and are doing it by hand.  Must see instructions on line."
Lots of fun for an eleven year old to make bracelets out of simple rubber bands for friends. Replacement bands are easy to find in the hair section of stores.
it's what my god daughter wanted. She loves making the braclets and I think I'm going to order the full supply that cost around $74.95 next.
Great little project for my daughter. Kept her interest as it was challenging. The price was great too! I would definitely recommend it!
"I purchased for my grandchildren
Instructions were easy to read for them
It is a craft for boys and girls alike"
Got the loom & not only does my 6 year old love it but so do I! Only gripe is wish it came with more bands.
This is so much fun. At first it was really hard and took me 10 minitues now it takes like five!
"My kids love the loom.  It is a nice set and the only draw back was the time it took to get the product, over a week."
"This item is what the girls and even boys are going crazy over.  The can weave bracelets and necklaces with rubber bands and share the finished item with their friends.  Also, great for fund raising.  But the rubber band can get a little expensive depending on how many colors that the kids want."
Great instructions and very easy to use. Its great for kids. We used the loom right out of the box. It comes with plenty of supplies to make a ton of items immediately.
"my kids love it,  don't know why but they do but rather they play with this than a video game."
"My 6 and 8 yo's play with this for hours.  It is a ridiculously fun value for this price.  They would prefer this to a toy costing 100's of $'s.
They requested it after seeing other kids at school with it.  This thing is taking off like a virus.
I think it's good for them.  They get patience and creativity."
"I bought this for my 8 year old daughter. She made a couple of bracelets, wore them to school and had requests for more.  She spent the next evening making bracelets per order for her classmates!  She had a blast making and giving."
"Arrived this morning --  INCREDIBLE DELIVERY TIME!!  Also Bands are not available locally -- all sources are sold out and back-ordered. My grand kids are delighted!  Everyone agrees the included directions with the kit leave a lot to be desired, but videos online are easy to find, and my grandkids have no trouble finding the pattern they want, watching the video and then following those directions."
The loom and bands were good. The directions were horrible. My friends and I all try to follow them and after several attempts I was able to figure it out on my own by looking at a band bracelet my niece had sent to my daughter.
Can make lots of different designs. Very innovative design by the designer! You can rearrange the loom to make more designs!
I use this every day. I even made some for my bffs and they live them soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much just like I do.
"These days there are so many products out there and kids don't typically stay engaged with toys for a long time (unless it is some sort of tablet of course:) but surprisingly this set kept my daughter making the bracelets for at least 3 weeks until she ran out of the bands it comes with. Whats great about it that not only you do those for yourself but you can make your friends happy by making it for them and gifting and thats what she was busy doing and felt really good as her friends loved it too! So far has been a great value for money. She learned some new techniques as well as had fun making smth special for me, herself and her friends."
"The product is really fun, but the Optari Mini Loom is better.  The Rainbow loom is difficult to figure out at first, although YouTube videos helped a lot.  The Optari Mini Loom is a much simpler product to use, much cheaper, and you can make the exact same bracelets using the same rubber bands."
thanks for this item. the packing was just right for the box. the  item was shipped and received as stated on  amazon. after having looked for this item at local retailers it was a great surprize to find it on amazon! my daughter was very excited to have her own rainbow loom and set to work making lots of bracelets.
"I gave it 4 stars, due to the fact that I have boys and they didn't have a kit with colors that pertained more to boys.  The instructions were easy for my 10 year olds to follow."
"Ordered this Rainbow loom for my seven year old who HAD to have it.  They were sold out at all of our local stores.  Kudos to Amazon for having it in stock and not jacking up the price too high.  My son has had a great time learning to make different styles of bracelets.  My 35 year old husband has had even more fun.  They've been sitting together watching instructional Youtube videos and making bracelets.  Yes, you can make the basic band bracelet without the loom, but you can make lots of different designs with the loom.  Slightly overpriced for a piece of plastic, but not as bad as some of the other fads out there."
"My daughter saved her money to buy this and I must say, it is a great investment. She brings it everywhere and makes every kind of bracelet.

It helps them with their creativity and patience as well as their freedom to express themselves through various bracelets color.

This is a recommended gift for all 8 years old +. It is a hit!!!!"
"This thing is great.  I bought it for my 6-year-old and am very pleased with it.  She is a little young for some of the more complicated projects, but loves the setting up and looming and is having a lot of fun exchanging them with her friends and classmates.

You will need to start stocking up on refills quickly as it comes with 600 bands of various colors which don't get you very far and I find the knock-off bands are noticeably inferior quality to the official ones."
This product is super fun! im 13 years old and I love this product! The bracelets are so easy to make! various people on youtube make videos on how to do MANY different bracelet styles! Its so fun! Hope you enjoying your rainbow loom!
Bought this for my 9 year old daughter and now had to buy one for my son. It is fun and a creative way to make jewelry!
"My three granddaughters love this kit.  I have purchased several refills of the bands.  They are making bracelets,  rings, necklaces and all sorts of items, for friends, family members and themselves.  It is great because it also teaches them patience, keeps their attention focused for more than a minute and gives them a great feeling of accomplishment."
"Bought this for my daughter about 3 months ago. Still loves it and uses it ALL the time. She even takes orders and makes for family, friends and her teachers. I would buy again without hesitation"
"I have 7 year old twins - both loved this and prepared also for their friends.
I wouldn't recommend this for younger kids (i.e. my 4 year old can't do it)"
"We were seeking a very popular item for our granddaughter's birthday and after a short amount of time in the heat of a shopping center we went online. Ordered the product, got express shipping for free and were totally satisfied and on time with our gift!!"
"I love it! I just recommend buying more rubber bands because 600 believe it or not goes by pretty quick.
Me encanta! Acabo de recomendar la compra de ms de 600 bandas de goma, porque lo creas o no pasa muy rpido."
I bought this for my 10 year old daughter she loves it! I love it too.  I used to buy the bands and she would use her fingers for only 2 bracelets. Now she has the kit she can make various bracelets. Overall this kit is the best!
"My daughter loves these things, very creative and keeps her busy, way more interesting than TV or Computer. just awesome..."
"Do I really have to review these? They are all the rage with everyone from 1-99 and of either sex. Even if I said they were terrible, ( which they aren't, they are AWESOME!!), you would still buy them by the thousands. Good outlet for creativity and the new replacement to the lemonade stand for kids across the US."
My daughter and her friends all has one and love it! It's very compact and easy to bring outside for play dates and erans.
This is an awesome rubber band jewelry maker and I really want to recommend this to pretty much everyone! My sister loves it! It's easy and fun and she loves to wear and give what she made! This is a definitely a good gift idea for girls.
My granddaughters were visiting and I always try to have something in the way of a craft for them to do.  They really enjoyed this craft set and were busy making all kinds of things.  It comes with many ideas and instructions.  Good choice for young teens.
"My daughter loves this loom. She has learned to make lots of different bracelets, necklaces and whatever else she and her friends can come up with. It is easy to use and learn. She and her friends spend hours making and trading bracelets. I would definitely recommend this product."
To save money I bought a similar loom from Toys R Us. I had to return. The girls said it did not work.
Nice set for girls... my daughter loves it so much. Very good game for kids to learn concentration. Buy it with confidence.
"I usually hate gadgets for my kids, but I make an exception for this. Having to learn to hook the bands teaches great spacial reasoning and forces the brain to work in different ways."
"My grand daughter is having an awesome time making bracelets.
She can made one in just minutes. She gives them to her friends and family."
I gave the loom to my granddaughter for her birthday.  She absolutely loves it.  She makes wrist bands for friends and has even given them as birthday gifts on several occasions.
"Finally an inexpensive product for kids to play for hours. There are different brands on the market but this one seems to be the ""better one"" as the kids told me."
My 7yr old daughter loves it and can't stop making bracelets for everyone!  Great toy to keep the kids busy too.
"This was purchased for my Granddaughter and it arrived promptly and everything was in tact, as it should have been.
She was thrilled with it and has had much fun with it."
"This was a little tricky to learn, but once I watched a few videos on the internet, I latched on quickly. I can see where it would be difficult for someone to learn without internet help. The directions should be improved."
This product is great for the age group listed.  My granddaughters are loving making bracelets  - the instructions are clear and easy to follow
"It did arrive quickly and the price is fair.  The loom itself is as expected, but the rubber bands seem faded in color.  The included directions are only for the simplest bracelet.  Access to you-tube is required for anything more fancy."
"I purchased this for my two grandgirls.  They come to visit once monthly , living about 120 miles from me.  They bring this craft with them and play with it for hours.  It was a very successful gift."
I bought this for my grandkids.  They make the bracelets all of the time.  They are into sports and the bracelets make great team gifts.
"I think there should have been more instruction included to make a variety of braclets . I like it and have been using it often
Amazon is a reliable place to shop"
This new trend is fun. The loom is like crocheting. All ages love to create and wear these bracels. There are very colorful
Came exactly as it was described. Need to find a 12 yr old to help me figure out the directions though!!
"This has become my students' favorite pass-time regardless of age or gender. Welcome to the world of rainbow.

Two words ;)"
I gave this to my granddaughter for her birthday. She likes it a lot and has made several items with it.
The loom and bands are high quality. Directions are clear and access to more patterns on their website just makes it so addictive. Fun for parents and kids!
It was just like what I saw on the Today Show. The instructions were so easy.  I made 20 different bracelets at one sitting!
"Great stuff, apparently.  Her and her friends made tons of these wristbands with this thing.  Everyone was wearing at least one at some point."
"Could use more rubber bands in the kit, but buying additional is easy.
Instructions included leave a lot to be desired, BUT all over You Tube,with easy and more difficult videos.
The grand kids went bonkers as these are all over their school. Seems the more they wear, the better."
The new 'rage' at schools ... my daughter loves it!!!!! you can make them in all styles and colors ..
My kids enjoy being creative with their hands. They make bracelets for themselves and others. They are busy for hours.
"This is a great fun new fad that is harmless and happy!!  It appeals to a wide range of ages and helps develop creativity in the brains of kids.  There are lots of themes they can go for with their color choices.  School colors, team colors, seasonal colors, and lots more.  For replacement bands you can buy sparkle ones, glow in the dark ones, scented ones and tons and tons of fun colors.  This is one toy you won't regret buying unless your kids won't do anything else but make bracelets!  :-)  :-)"
My daughter-in-law had searched for this to give her daughter as a birthday present.  Nana nailed it and many bracelets have already been made.  Fun for everyone.
"Not only my grand-daughter, but all of us have enjoyed this loom...it's great fun for everyone.
The tutorials are very easy to follow with many options."
"She loves it and has spent many hours creating all kinds of bracelets, rings, necklaces, etc. It is great for her to play with"
"Both of my granddaughters learned quickly how to make simple bracelets and then moved on to more complex bracelets, rings and necklaces. They shared with their friends, who ultimately bought a loom for themselves."
"I bought this (rainbow loom)for my 10 year old daughter for her birthday, and my teenage boys are also involved! Refills are really important, the set all by itself is not enough!"
"I gave a Rainbow Loom to each of my twin daughters for their recent birthday, and they have become ""obsessed"" with learning new techniques in order to create progressively more intricate, quite lovely, bracelets. Just days after my girls received theirs, the neighbor kids behind us came knocking on our door with their new Rainbow Looms in hand so they could all sit together and create! So cool. . ."
"They have made it for all their friends.
The 4 year old needed a little help but the 6 year old
didn't once she got going."
I am planning to purchase another loom so I can make head bands.  I have been asked by several people if I could do this.  So I'll make matching bracelets and head bands.
"Bought this for my Grdaughter, as ""everyone "" has 1 Nana !! So I got it, she loves it & she & her friends make these bracelets all the time. She has made me 6 different kinds & is still eager !!  Any kid between 6 to 12 would love the Rainbow Loom !"
Niece loved it! Tool for making bracelets can't be beat! You can watch videos on YouTube for great designs. Thank you.
My 8 year old granddaughter was able to follow the guide book directions easily to make bracelets. I even had to order additional loops.
My grandaughter LOVES it. She is making bracelets for the entire family. Her brother has also discovered it and now I'll have to get another!
"My 7-year old granddaughter is really enjoying this loom. I have to admit that I have also enjoyed it, making a bit more intricate pieces on it for her. The loom is sturdy and the directions that came with it are clear and nicely illustrated. A fun and creative product. Nice!"
"This is just the type of creative thing that I love to buy my granddaughter.  She has made so many bracelets that everyone in my family has at least one or two.  There are a lot of different things that you can create with them too.  The internet is just crawling with new ideas to try, some very simple and some very complex.  This is one of the best presents that I have ever bought her.  She just loves it and I might have picked it up a time or two. lol"
"Why didn't any of us think of taking little rubber bands, some plastic pins and creating the newest fad among young girls?  Every single girl that I know has one of these.  The little rubber bands are annoying and everywhere in my house, but these entertain kids for long periods of time."
My 9 year old loves this rainbow loom. She was able to make bracelts in no time at all. It keeps her occupied doing a fun activity while also being creative. I have a feeling i will be buying more rubber bands any day now!
"I generally make beaded jewelry using glass and crystal beads...but the issues with that are cost and clean up; mainly the clean up.  Tiny glass beads are no fun to try and pick off the carpet.  I got this Rainbow Loom because it looked like something to pass the time and it looked fairly easy.  For those who say that the directions are hard to follow, you can go to Youtube and find several tutorials for basic to advanced techniques and patterns.
For me it is a way to pass the time while I'm at work.  it keeps my hands busy, so I'm not constantly eating.
I would say that if you're looking for something to do without a ton of tiny parts that are difficult to find, then this is probably your best bet.  There's no real mess factor with it as long as you keep the rubber bands contained and keep an eye out for the ones that fly off.
Fun: I bought it to keep me occupied at work; the office I work at can be boring with nothing to do at times and this loom keeps me from snacking on all kinds of junk food.
Educational: It's more eye hand coordination than education.
Overall I'd say that this toy is middle of the road.
The only negatives I've seen so far is how few bracelets you can make with it.  I think I made around half as many as the box states you can make.  So I did order more of the little rubber bands.  I don't have kids, so I'm not really sure what I'm going to do with the bracelets...maybe give them to another worker who has kids, or donate them to a local organization.  The rubber bands I have found are really basic...yes, there are neon and glitter bands, but those sky rocket in price and you only get a small amount of them (plus I haven't seen any listed as Prime).
This is an adequate craft idea/toy."
"So my adorably sweet 8 year old princess becomes an angry bitter 80 year old on the loom.  It seems that the addiction to making intricate silly band bracelets can cause synaptic errors somewhere in the brains anger center.  The starburst design should be called starburst into tears and when I can't find the walk through on YouTube fast enough...there's trouble.  Nevertheless I know this to shall pass, as did the paracord week, the melting plastic dots into shapes week, the crochet day etc.  Get it if you want more crafts to eventually within a week to collect dust.  #firstworldproblems

*update*
Okay I have to admit, I didn't think this loom contraption would last, but I was wrong (a first)  princess little bece master and I'm throughly impressed with the power of the loom!  She's not as ardemt about the constant use but it still gets use for sure!"
Like the loom..Got 2 one for my granddaughter..she loves it..made bracelets for her friends at school.  Glow in the dark bands are the best.
I bought this item and the instructions were sparse and poorly done. This manufacturer is depending on the internet to give the instructions.  I am thankful for all those people willing to share their expertise and disappointed with the manufacturer.
Its ok. The kids used it from time to time. They make the bracelets without it too. This works better for adults with larger fingers.
"So easy to use!  And quick to make!!  And the bracelets are expandable, stay closed...washable...much better than the yarn ones."
Bought this for my grandson and he is ecstatic! Does everything as promised; excellent quality; easy to use; plenty of accessories to purchase separately. Highly recommend this to anyone.  Please note this is the original Rainbow Loom with C clasps.
I bought this for my 8 year old daughter. As other reviewers have stated the directions included in the box are difficult to understand but there are multiple youtube videos that show you how to make many many different kinds of bracelets very easily. And for the price of refills it's a wholesome fun hobby that I'm happy to encourage.
"My daughter saw the  TV add and ""HAD TO HAVE IT!!!"" I like how it has endless possibilities and keeps her busy for hours. Only negative I have is the price--as my daughter was the one paying  she didn't mind as much--yet her and I both agree  some band storage included as part of the loom would be nice."
I am using this for OT for my left hand.  It makes therapy fun.  It is easy to use.  My daughter loves it.
T h a n k  Y o u !!! all L o o k s  G o o d We are love thanks again
"I guess this is the hottest thing now for the youngsters. It is pretty easy to use and comes with everything you need (loom, 600 bands, pick - which is a glorified crochet needle)
There are hundreds of you tube videos teaching you new techniques. search for fishtail rainbow loom and that one is the easiest pretty one that we have found. My girls have made about 30 bracelets in one week. I even got into it. I actually had to go out to Michaels and buy more rubberbands because they ran out of specific colors on the first day - not for lack of not having enough to choose from, just because they had a marathon bracelet session one day!!
I am buying another loom for the girls because they love it so much and both of them want to use the loom at the same time!"
My 9 year old Daughter loves it!  She Makes a bracelet for everyone she knows and takes it with everywhere we go!
i love this item you need to get it is fun for people to bring to sleepover and partys .
"This is one of the best toys I've ever purchased.  It promotes creativity and helps develop fine motor skills as well.  We have purchased extra solid colored and glitter bands, as well as charms to enhance the experience.  My daughter will spend hours making unique and artistic bracelets with this.  I would recommend it to everyone, as I can't imagine a child who wouldn't love it."
"Great fast service, just as described, would recommend to all my friends and family, was the perfect birthday gift for my grand daughter"
"Bought these for my 8 year old granddaughter and my 11 year old grandson.  They love them!!  Several different designs, but ""fish tail"" is their favorite.  Yes, the boys are making them too and trading them with friends.  Grammy even got one!  Make sure you buy an extra back of loom bands, you'll need them."
This is great entertainment for kids. Learn to make beautiful bracelets or rings. My 2 girls LOVE them! Buy this product!!
Gave as gift.  Arrived the next day.  Sooo fast!  Kids love it.  Also bought a container to organize and store.
She loves it.  Great product and the loom is well made and easy to use for a 10 year old.
the kids love to make the bracelets and it keeps them busy so its great and they love it so what else can you ask for
My girls love the rainbow loom.....They have been making bracelets every day since they received their looms.  Great product!  I would definitely recommend this product for both girls and boys.
"This toy has been a lot of fun for both of my girls and for myself. We found the instructions that came with it a bit confusing, thankfully, the Rainbow Loom website and YouTube have plenty of tutorials for projects using the loom. Refills are inexpensive, and my older daughter has made some pocket money selling her creations. I have seen the knock-off loom by Cra-Z-Art, and in my opinion, this one is far better quality. It disassembles so that you can reconfigure how the pegs are placed, allows you to connect another loom (not just set them end-to-end) to make larger projects, and includes the mini-tool that allows you to make bracelets independent of the loom."
Makes fantastic bracelets in a matter of minutes. The selection of bands is good as well and the price point of value.
Kids seem to love this arts & crafts item.  Boys & girls both like to use the bracelet making kit.
So cool me and my sister made them at michaels it's so cool and easy but you need to be focused
The way this is used by the kids has me wondering if I should have purchased more than one of these
was a very fun project to make. instruction manual is unclear though. use you tube videos for help if needed.
I bought the Twistz bandz Rainbow loom kit for my niece and she loved it!! Great product for all ages!!
My granddaughter loves this loom.  She started making bracelets as soon as it arrived. Easy to use and great price.
You guys have to get it... The bracelets are so cute! I totally recommend this to anyone who will actually listen to me!
"I bought this as a gift for my 12 year old cousin who is into all those crafty things now a days. She absolutely loves it! She spent days making some adorable looms bracelets. The design is very simple and very easy to use (for kids and adults). It will keep the child occupied for hours and it will allow them to explore creativity with unique designs! Highly recommended. Also, we couldn't find this anywhere, except amazon. No complaints, as always! :)"
My grand-daughter was very happy with it. She is 10 and she is just the right age to put it to good use. It was much better buying from Amazon then running around looking for it.
"My 9 and 8 year old daughters loved it. Watched the videos and before you knew it, they had bracelets ready for friends!! Ordered several for presents!!"
"I know this will be a great gift, but I chose a 4 star rating (rather than 5) because the pictures next to the product are misleading. You get the rainbow loom box, but it doesn't come with nearly as much stuff in it as the accompanying pictures (using the organizer) show. I knew the organizer wasn't a part of the package, but when you see the amount of rubber bands pictured in the organizer compared to what you actually get -- there is a drastic difference! I assumed the pictures with the organizer were displaying what you get when you purchase this item as well as a good way to organize them, but that isn't the case.

On a positive note - it did arrive very quickly and since none of the stores near me will have any in stock until November, it's nice to have these in time for the birthday party."
"I really am enjoying my loom.  I got it to learn how to work it before visiting my granddaugter (age 11).  I'm glad I did.  It comes with no directions.  You have to view UTube videos on line.  The videos are very well done, and are done by kids, which is nice, considereing the audience. I found the loom a little tricky to use.  You have to be very careful to string it correctly, and it's challenging to hook the loops in the correct order on the complicated patterns.  I don't think children under 10 would be able to do the more complicated patterns.  But it's a fun craft for older sub-teens and teens."
"I don't really use this myself, but gave it to my granddaughter for her birthday.  All the kids in school are making these bracelets and having so much fun with them.  I am all in favor of anything that gets her away from TV and video games.  This seems to be the new craft!!  She loves it!"
Amazing product once you figure it out. More than worth it's value in time spent engaging my daughter an her friends.
"I hate these ridiculous trends of cheap toys that came through every 6-12 months.  I think this is just leftover from the silly bands of a few years ago.  It's just crappy tiny elastic bags ($9 for a TINY bag of replacement bands!!!) you weave into an ugly, uncomfortable bracelet.  They have to have it, use it once or twice and then you throw it out."
"Very sturdy product with easy to understand instructions.  We started making bracelets the minute we opened the book.  My 8 year old mastered it quickly, but was not bored."
"Great loom!! love my purchase:) thank you for fast delivery!!
Will use it soon with my granddaughter. Just what I was looking for!
Efrat"
"My step daughter and I use this thing all the time. (she more than I). I showed her one time how to do it and she took off making bracelets until we were out of bands! (She is 8) Oh, and refill bands are inexpensive and are Amazon Prime items as well. (score!)

There are plenty of videos online to show how to make advanced bracelets that are not with the included instructions."
"My girls (ages 9 & 7) Love the Rainbow loom, we are making bracelets for everyone! Even going to to make bracelets with there school colors for both of there classes."
it is providing hours of creativity  for my 8&9  year old granddaughters!  already ordered more bands.  they are making bracelets for everyone.
"this is a great product. I purchased it for my grandson's ages 5, 6,8,10. They ALL LOVED IT. They carried this everywhere we went for the weekend. In the car, in restaurants. These are very active boys and they couldn't put this down. One told me it was the Best gift I have ever brought him.
get it, you will be glad you did."
Perfect product.  Both of my boys love it.  They have made bracelets for everyone and it keeps them occupied for hours.
wish there were instructions for more types of braclets. otherwise was what i expected. Grandkids liked making their own braclets
I bought this for my niece and she finds it easy and fun to do. It's a trendy and popular craft.
I purchased this to make bracelets for my granddaughter.  I want her to learn crafts as she grows up.  Fun projects
Loads of fun with lots of possibilities!  Clever design makes it easy even for a seven-year-old.  Thank you for your speedy delivery!
"GREAT FOR DEXTERITY FOR BOYS AND GIRLS, SEEMS TO BE THING NOW.  KIDS REALLY SEEM TO LOVE IT. GREAT ITEM, KUDOS TO THE MAKER"
"I'm a boy and I love this thing I use it every day all of my friends ask ""can you make me one"" ""how do you make them"" ""where can I get them"" ""that's awesome"" this is the best thing in the world!!!"
"Oh My!  What can I say?  So glad I got it here, because everybody was sold out!!  Is a phenomenal idea for preteens or Tweens!  Easy to make!"
"Instructions are too hard for children - even the ones on the website.  Even for adults, too hard.  Need more help."
"My daughter loves this, she has had it one week and has made 10 different bracelets.
Her friends also seem to all have one too."
My daughter wanted to give this as a gift for a friend at her birthday party.  Her friend loved it and all the other girls at the party wished they had one.  The product was very easy for her friend to use.
"Great product, great ship. Fun and easy to make and if you insist on long drawn out descriptions of bought items I will not moment anymore"
I ordered this product for my grandaughter.  She couldn't find it at the store and really wanted to start making some bracelets for her friends.  The package arrived a day earlier than expected.  Thank You.
"My 6 yr old loves it! Easy to do and lots of fun.
She plays with it all the time"
It's great my daughter loves it. Making lots of pretty bracelets. Helps keep her occupied during down time gives her a way to pass time when she's bored
my son (who is 6yrs old) had to have this when he saw his cousins had it. He enjoys making the braclets.
This kept my 8 yr old daughter busy for hours! She loves it ! It's easy to teach use also.
I purchased it for my grandchildren (7 and 9 years) after seeing other children having lots of fun with it....It was a huge success!
"We couldn't find these in any stores in the area.  Thank you for having it available!  My daughter and her friends make dozens of the bracelets.  They could be a great holiday gift in the next coming months.  My only negative comment is your price was DOUBLE the prices locally. We live in the Chicago area, and prices are generally higher anyway, but your price was very high.  If we would've just waited another week, they were back in the stores for half your costs."
"Granddaughters have made lots of bracelets.  Even tried some different patterns but that's a little too hard.
 They need refills already."
Saw a review of this on the Today show shortly before a vacation that included my Granddaughter and her best friend. Iordered it immediately along with a extra bag of bands. When I received it I realized that one loom would not be enough. I was able to purchase one locally. I am so happy with this purchase. When we were not at the beach or boardwalks the girls were working with the looms. I ages I have noticed from other reviews were in the 6 to 9 year range but mine were purchased for a 13 & 14 year old. I think they are approprate for a larger age range. Are vacation is over but the girls are still making jewelry with them. It gave us all a vacation from ipads & phones. GREAT BUY!!!
"My grandsons loved this, 'tho the 5 year old called 911 when his bracelet fell apart!  All in all, both boys, ages 5 & 8, really liked the item."
GREAT! We've had a blast! Easy instructions and supplies were just as described. We've even bought another one for my 1st grader
"Perfect kit for kids! My daughter loves it! Makes several bracelets! Very colorful.
Perfect Birthday gift so popular right now. Fast Shipping"
Bought this for my 5 year old daughter and she loves it keeps her and her older sister busy . definitely worth it
He carried it around everywhere he went.  Made and sent me a bracelet as a thank you.  I've been wearing it ever since!
"My 7 yo daughter and I have had so much fun with this.  Well made, easy to use.  There are a ton of videos on You Tube showing how to make different things.  I have to help my daughter with some of the trickier projects.  And even my 9 yo son who is not interested in crafts at all has made a few things.  It is really fun.  Very addictive.  I think it is great value for the amount of entertainment you get and variety of projects you can make with it."
"If you have an adult with some expertise at crochet or knitting this product can be figured out. Watch the You Tube videos and skip package insert which is impossible. Single bracelets can be mastered eventually by most children but the more complex designs are VERY FIDDLY. Unfortunately this ""craze"" will leave many children, especially younger ones, frustrated and will not fulfill expectations of parents that their child will learn a craft since they will be left doing the work! Caveat emptor."
My 9 yr old absolutely loves this and has made several bracelets. It's the newest thing for the kids. It is easy to find replacement parts also.
"Way over priced and overrated,  But my granddaughter loved it.  In day camp it was the thing, and she had to have one.  Thank goodness for Amazon for getting it to me in time for her Birthday.  It was nowhere to be found in stores."
Ordered this for a birthday present for an 11 year old girl.  It was a big hit! I will probably order another one.
What an awesome fun time!  You may buy it for a young child but will definitely want one for yourself!
"My little cousins love it , they even asked for me to buy more for them and it came right on time before there birthday and came in very good condition!!"
"It is fun making the bracelets. My one complaint is the instructions for the other bracelets, there aren't any. They have pictures, but it doesn't tell you how to do it.
The on-line videos are nice, but if you don't have a computer, you really need to put complete instructions on the other types of bracelets."
"Great product, my daughter is having lots of fun with it.  Easy to use.  makes it easier to make the ""starburst"" bracelet"
"It started as family fun, learning different stitches, and then everyone was enjoying it individually or on playdates, and showing each other their new creations. My grandchildren of all ages love it, and some of them even taught me to use it when I asked, and I am not terribly creative.  Every different stitch creates a different bracelet or ring.  My daughter followed the You tube instructions and showed everyone what to do.  The tools are very useful and the extra sets of rubber bands are in  beautiful colors.  I note that the starting packages of rubber bands are used up way too fast.  My daughter also used beautiful beads to create special braclets. Many wrists are now sporting scads of bracelets, both boys and girls, and some have even been given to their friends.

This is actually my first ever review of a toy I bought , and I definitely recommend the Rainbow Loom."
It took at least a week to get it. I would have liked it to be quicker. But it was okay
"With the rainbow loom you can create so many cool bracelets, rings to your imagination. with a long list of colors, you can create anything!!!!"
My granddaughter broke her foot and this provided the perfect activity and kept her entertained while she had to stay off her foot!
"Very novel.  The printed illustrated directions are good up to a point, but the online videos are needed.  Difficult for 9-yr old and me  without a face-to-face, hands on demo.  I had a similar problem with friendship bracelets made of embroidery floss.  When a friend demoed it I was on my way.  I'm sure it will be a breeze once we master the technique."
"For our recent vacation, I ordered the loom and bands for my granddaughters (aged 7 and 5).  Little did I know that my adult daughter would be as interested and occupied with this activity as her nieces were.  By the end of our stay, everyone had multiple bracelets and anklets to show off.  What a wonderful pastime for a range of ages!!"
"I purchased this for my daughter as a surprise - my arm is now full of bracelets. She loves it. She's 10 years old and we have been out not once, not twice but FOUR more times for rubber bands for the bracelets!!"
My 12 year old daughter LOVES this kit!  the possibilites for designs are endless and she and her friends have so much fun making bracelets.  Definitely a good buy :)
"I bought three sets for my grandchildren and it was the perfect gift for them. They are 10, 7, and 5 and all three enjoyed making bracelets, etc. An ideal break from electronics for rainy days, quiet times, and when it was too hot to play outside."
Great little crafty item!  Daughter has made several bracelets easily after watching the video tutorial!!  Hours of fun..she loves it!
"My 10 year old daughter loves this item.  it seems that it is very well constructed - unlike many others craft toys.  She has learned a variety of stitches for the loom and makes bracelets for all her friends and family.
This is a great toy for crafty children."
instruction were helpful but I wish there were more bands included . Once I started making I didn't want to stop!
My grandddaughters have had hours of fun with this.  I would suggest buying a large plastic container for the rubber bands.
Good buy for your money. Not 5 stars bc directions are not simple enough for little kids. It takes a few times to read before they got it.
"I was asked to make several bracelets to put on display at my local craft store. As a retired elementary and art teacher, I was intrigued by this new craft tool that seems to have taken the world by storm. The loom was sturdily built and the bands of good quality. That being said, I had two issues with this product. The directions were woefully inadequate. The loom came set up, the instructions for the completion were fine, but that's it. There were diagrams for more patterns (not enough  to complete a bracelet), but no instructions beyond that. You must go to the manufacturer's web site or YouTube to be able to make more intricate bracelets. The other issue I had was with the hook tool. I found it clumsy to use, and in some of the videos a metal hook was being used. I tried a standard crochet hook. It was easier to pick up the bottom-most band, but it sometimes slipped when transferring the band to the next post. All in all, the process is not difficult, and the bracelets are cute. As a teacher I would say this loom requirtes a certain amount of manual dexterity and patience. If either of these issues are of concern to your child, you may want to either reconsider it as a crafting choice, or be prepared to lend support to your child's efforts to make bracelets."
"Nice product!  Easy to make, large loom, clear to see the different color rubber bands .  Great for a gift !!!"
"To be fair, I have no direct experience with this product although we wish to get our own soon. The idea and concept of making different styled bracelets and rings looks like so much fun. Latex-free is a HUGE bonus! The creativity that can derive from this product is awesome. I can't wait for my own children to have a set to see what they make. Heck, I want to play too! I hope the recipient who was gifted enjoys it as much as how fun it looks!

UPDATE:

I finally bought this for my own children. While the bracelets are neat and fun to make, it was a nightmare because I didn't know the kit was only intended for one child. We ended up having to take the hook away because of the fighting.

ADVICE: BUY ONE FOR EACH CHILD!! Lesson learned. :/"
This is a nice product that provides minutes to hours of fun for my early teen child.  The different color bands lend itself to originality and creativity.
What a fun and creative activity for my 8 yr old AND my 14 yr old!  You can do simple designs or more complicated ones with lots of ideas out on youtube...
just read about its popularity in todays NY Times - I ordered it for my grandchildren when I saw a neighbor's grandchild playing with it at our bldgs pool
I bought this for my 6 year old son to make bracelets for an upcoming cancer benefit. Bracelets are easy to make and fun.
"I bought this for my nieces Christmas gift, I shop early.  I think she is going to enjoy making rainbow loom jewelry, and most exciting share with her girlfriends."
"I bought this loom kit to use with my nieces and nephews. I took it out of the box to test it out so that I could read the instructions before they came over. Well, long story short, I had to go buy more rubber bands because by the time they got here, I had already made a few bracelets and I wanted to make more! I went on youtube and looked up Rainbow Loom Tutorial and I found a host of great DIY videos. I found the loom really easy to use and the little c clips are nice and small, so there is no big bulky end clip on the bracelet.

I'd love to find some more ""grown up"" colors instead of the neon ones that the loom comes with, but overall I'm really happy with this purchase."
"My daughter can't stop making these bracelets...she loves it!
Originally bought the loom because a friend's daughter has one, and now it seems everyone has one...endless nubers of creative new patterns and designs.  You can find lots of new ideas on youtube."
"I bought this for my granddaughter, and she loved it - starting working on it right away - just what she wanted."
I purchased the Rainbow Loom and the colored bands to go with it and I had two grandchildren who were enraptured with the creativity and fun of the loom. A newly turned 9-year old girl and an almost 7-year old boy could not put the loom down.  It became there Number 1 activity when they were not enjoying the beach.  The loom will continue to provide lots of fun for these two active children.
My 12 year old niece opened it right up and made several bracelets before we left. She loved her's so much we had to get her younger sister her own the following month for her birthday. Shipping was quick and the entire process from browsing to delivery was pain free!
this is an amazing thing the braclets are so cool these things r easy to make for me this is a great kit the price is right
"This seems to be the big thing these days, and the kits are not that easy to find in the stores.  Everyone is making them."
"My daughter (9) is crazy over Rainbow Loom! She's had her own little business that she ran this summer by making and selling bracelets/key-chains/etc. She has used it hours upon end, traveled to summer camp, to the beach and to school with it and it is still in great condition. The loom is made of very durable plastic that can withstand being tossed around and carried in a book bag with multiple other items. This has been a great way for her to spend rainy days as well as helping encourage the entrepreneur in her. We just recently bought more rubber bands (of nearly every color)! Business is booming!"
the rainbow loom by twist bands kept breaking from the minute i got it. a good new invention but very bad quality.
My daughter has been using this nonstop since we purchased it.  We actually bought a second one so I can do it with her!!  It is great for creativity and dexterity!  I highly recommend it for all!
The grandkids loved the loom and have made numerous bracelets and rings.  Enough for them and their friends.  We also purchased extra bands and glow bands which made it even better.
"I purchased the knock off of this product, the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cra-Z-Art-Shimmer-n-Sparkle-Cra-Z-Loom-Bracelet-Maker/dp/B00DOPEGAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cra-Z-Art Shimmer 'n Sparkle Cra-Z-Loom Bracelet Maker</a>&nbsp;from our local Toys R Us.  It was awful.  It was hard to navigate. Hard to hook the bands over the posts because they have such a prominent hook on the tops.  And the instructions are dreadful.  The first, and easiest, bracelet option has full instructions and is easy to follow. The others have instructions that are vague, misleading and, in some cases, completely unfinished.  They just stop...mid-bracelet.

I returned that item and went out and bought the original RAINBOW LOOM.  Thanks goodness!  It has instructions for just the most basic bracelet, however, it is far superior.  The posts are much easier to get the elastics on and off.  The elastic are much easier to see since the loom is clear (and not hot pink) in color.  It also has a removable center section so you have many more options for designs.

I found the best way to get patterns for different bracelets is via YouTube by searching ""Rainbow Loom Tutorial"".  Obviously not all tutorials are created equal, so you may have to weed through a few duds to find a quality video.

This product is really best for 8 to 9+ if you want kids to be able to do this without adult assistance.  My 6 year old has excellent fine motor skills, but she still needed my help.  But my 8.5 year old seems to be the perfect age to be able to learn the basic stitch on her own and then build on that skill.

After replacing our old loom with the Rainbow Loom and watching YouTube we are happily making bracelets."
Wish it came with better instructions and more supplies for the price.  Girls 9 and 12 having lots of fun.
Awesome for my 7 year old.  She has made bracelets for everyone in the family.  Easy to learn to use and has been fun to create new patterns.
Loop is great my daughter loves it! Just wish it came with more rubber bands and an extra hook ;-)
I think this product is great for young crafters but to someone like me it's sorta a disappointed bcuz I've been making rubber band chains and bracelets exactly like what you get from this loom since I was a kid and I didn't need any loom. The bracelets you make come out very nicely. The rubber bands are different from the rubber bands I used which were the office supply kind. Overall I think this product is great for young crafters like 12 and under.
My girls have had hours of fun making these Twistz Bandz bracelets! Thinking skills needed to work the loom which keeps them busy and learning!
"I purchased this as a gift for my niece. She had a great time designing bracelets for all her cousins. It was easy to learn, and fun to do.  A great gift!"
"My granddaughter was thrilled with her rainbow loom. It is great that it comes with everything you need to make many bracelets.
The instructions are easy to follow.  All the rage with girls and boys!!"
Brought it back to France where my kids loved to make these bracelets new to them. They learnt well and fast
"I bought this for my granddaughter who was at sleep away camp per her request and she has made numerous bracelets.  She loved it so much her younger sister asked for it and then her brother.  All happy . . . all making bracelets . . . what a great product.

I also purchased it for my other two grandsons who are busy making bracelets as well."
"I've seen better made looms than this one. You might consider going to a specialty toy store that carries the better, more original kind."
This was such a big hit with my granddaughter I went brought 2 more for my nieces so they can have as much fun with them as well
"Fun activity for children of all ages, up through the teens. Good instructions. Good amount of bands to use initially."
I love this item because it keeps my little occupied and happy. She had made so many wrist band for her friends and families. It is a good stay activity and I know every little girls would like to have one.
"This is all the rave with the young kids and certainly can keep them occupied.  The directions were virtually impossible to follow even for me as an adult and I found that the kids prefer to just make the bracelets with their hands and not even both with the cumbersome loom kit.  In the end, it is a popular fad and will make the kids happy.  My daughter lost the hook and I was disappointed to find it is not sold separately but also found that a crochet hook works just as well."
"These rubber bands might seem expensive at first. But they are not just any rubber band. They are high quality Latex Free in bright non fading colors. These are not imitations, they are the real ones made by the Rainbow Loom manufacturer. Highly recommended. My 11 year old Michelle has become and expert at making bracelets with this bands and has started to sell them. She is building up a nice little business. I only provided the initial capital to purchase this Kit that includes the tools to make the bracelets and a pack of 600 rubber bands in assorted colors. We have had to purchase over 16 packs in different colors to keep up with the demand for her bracelets. She is selling them like hot cakes for a dollar, giving her a nice profit for her effort."
very good product. easy to use and fun for the whole family. nice colors and awesome idea . can't say anything negative.
It is very fun to use and to make friendship bracelets. I have had a lot of fun making bracelets with my friends.
It keeps our 10 yo daughter and her friends entertained.  They love trying out new styles and colors and trading the finished bracelets or giving them away.
"Our Grand Daughter asked for this gift.  When she received the mail she told us she liked it very much.  Thanks for having so many products to choose from..  Keep up the good work.  I will continue to shop.

Ernie"
"This was a great starter ... the item comes in a nifty reusable case, includes a tool that looks like a crochet hook, plenty of rubber bands to get started.  Plus the plastic template is well constructed and cleverly allows even a young kid (7 years old) to manipulate the bands and make cool stuff like jewelry.  I was nervous based on the other reviews about the quality of the instructions.  I'm a bit crafty, so I figured it out pretty easily.  My recommendation to other readers:  just trust the instructions and see it through to the end (kind of like turning the heel when knitting socks). It does look a bit odd during the finishing (steps 5 to the end), but if you power through, you'll get there.  A nice addition to the instructions may be to clarify how to finish with the C-clip.  If you're interested in that, read on:  The C-clip is how all the bands stay together.  To finish the piece, the last band must be squeezed from a perfect O to more like a C (picture a circle pushed in at 3 o'clock to make an outlined C.  Then these two ends of the oval must be placed on the C-clip. This prevents all the bands from falling apart from each other.  Then, the chain uses the C-clip again to connect one end to the other.  So, when you're done, you have 3 loops on the C-band."
I love this. It is easy to use and does exactly what it says it does. The only downfall I can see is the basic directions are great. but there are other patterns in the pamphlet that make no sense. But on the bright side if you have a internet access which you must if you are reading this review :) You can go on Youtube and there are loads of very easy videos on there to make all kinds of bracelets. I had 3 done after only having it out of the box 30 minutes. I am usually one that buys gadgets open them up then they sit around collecting dust....Yeah not this one. I need to order more bands because I used every single one of them. So I have to say it is a must have.
"My boys aren't into too many crafts but they love making these and giving them to everyone,  Really great product, great gift idea."
"I bought this for my 11 year old grandaughter, and you would have thought I gave her a million dollars! She spent the whole weekend making bracelets for everyone and going on youtube to get different patterns. She loves it!"
i love making these bracelets because they are so so so so fun and once you make one you just get drawn to it
"I bought this for my 10 yr old granddaughter. She was so excited when she opened it and wanted to get started right away. The included instructions are not any good at all. We went to the instruction site and ""I"" found the instructions hard to follow. I said to her that if an 8 yr old can do it, I can do it! We persisted for quite awhile until I realized that the loop had to be eased off and around. She had some trouble when rubber bands popped off and she had to figure out what to do or start over. We did find some YouTube sites done by children with much better, clearer, instructions. I think after all, she will enjoy it, but the beginning experience was not good. Some children might give up."
Very easy for my 8 & 10 year old daughters to make tons of friendship bracelets for their friends.  They love it.
Bought two of these for the nieces both age 10 and they LOVE it. Making bracelets for everyone......wonderful fun and very creative!
"Popular with young  girls and they make tons of bracelets, necklaces etc.  Of course you run out of c clips and bands quite quickly so have to spend more money on replacements bands.  They are just small colored rubber bands but you need them to use the loom."
"quick prompt service, great product, 9 year old spends hours playing with

would recommend it ages 13 and younger, nice gift"
"One grandson showed me this Rainbow Loom and I was impressed with it. I am going to purchase one for my
Great Grandaughter."
Grandbaby loved this for her trip with her family! She needed something for the car travel. You are asking for too much!
"My 10 year old granddaughter loves it! She has made dozens of bracelets already. Unfortunately, one peg on the very end broke off, which makes it a little harder to use. Nonetheless, it is still a big hit!"
"This product was the perfect gift for my 10 year old daughter.  Not only does she get to make things with it but she can wear them or give them to friends.  With the loom storage box, she uses it on long car rides and takes it with her where ever she goes."
"This was such fun for my 10 and 12 year old kids!  Kept them busy for hours, creating bracelets for famil and friends"
Got this for my three daughters.  This thing is craft kiddy crack.  My girls absolutely love this.  Will be stocking up on bands soon
"My son begged and begged for this.  After making about 10 different bracelets, it has just sat on the coffee table.  Did I mention that he also had me ordering colored rubber bands that didn't come with the initial loom?  So, now we have it and LOTS of rubber bands.  Hope he picks it up again soon."
"Easy and fun for my 11-yr-old.  Better than bracelets made with embroidery floss... Quicker and they can be taken off.  I do wish the book came with more directions for different patterns.  They direct you to the website, unfortunately."
"Rubber bands have made there way back! My daughter loves it, she cant make enough of them...Friends ,Family, and co workers all think that its a preety cool product. If you have kids this would be an awesome gift."
I ordered twistz bandz rainbow loom kits for my 4 grand daughters and they were a huge success. I highly recommend it for kids over six. They have spent many hours making all sorts of rubber band bling.
"My grandkids were so excited about getting this kit that when the delivery truck arrived they ran out to greet him.  I thought maybe after a few hours they would have been bored with it, or found it too difficult they are 7 & 9.  But they absolutely love it, they are making bracelets, rings, necklaces and selling them to the neighborhood kids.  It has been a few weeks and they are still making more and learning different designs.
I would highly recommend this product."
"It was for our 9 year old grand.daughter who had a friend who had given her a bracelet that had been made on this loom. We looked in stores everywhere but could not find it. So we looked on Amazon and saw we could order it. I ordered two kits and the most beautiful bracelets have been made by our granddaughter and given to family and friends. She has even been asked to be part of a crafts event and sell her bracelets as well as demonstrate how she has made them on the loom. There is no end to the color combination. She loves it, so do we, and so do her friends.
Isabel"
"Bought this for my grandchildren.  Although I intended them for the 'girls', I bought one for the 11 year old boy so he wouldln't feel left out.  At first he said, you bought one of these for me???....I said , yes I thought you might like to make some with your favorite team colors!... That was it.......he tried it and loved it.  Both girls and boys made bands all day long.....they had great fun!!"
My 11-year daughter loves making Rainbow Loom bracelets.  She made some for everyone in the family and is very proud of all the different colors and patterns that she used.  I highly recommend this toy for young and creative girls.  The bracelets seem so much better (and more fun to make) than the common plastic beads bracelets.
I wasn't able to find this loom in any local store and needed 2 of them. The order came quickly and my grandchildren are busy making bracelets
My 6 and half year old loves this but it still is hard for her to do it herself.  The instructions only tells you had to do one kind of bracelet pattern and I wish it had more kinds.  We have to watch different people's videos on You Tube to learn other patterns.
"Yes, its' pricy for a lot of rubber and plastic but it kept the kids interested for long periods of time, working with their hands and imagination so it's worth the price."
"I gave this item 3 stars because of the price, overpriced.  My grandchild loves making the bracelets, but costs too much as does the refill bands.  I would search the internet for the replacement bands, the prices are all over the place and it's nothing more than a tiny bag of rubberband.s"
This is the latest craze!  These bracelets are easy to make and fun to wear.  Both of my daughters (ages 10 and 7) have been creating these cute bracelets for days now!!!  Comes with everything you need to keep kids busy for hours!!!
My daughter is enjoying making bracelets for everyone. This is easy and fun for my 11 year old daughter to make and create with herself or her friends.
"My daughter received this as a gift and just loves it! Me too. Now it's our turn to get this for someone else's birthday.

I would recommend getting extra rubber bands -- they go fast. It's easy enough to figure out the ""single pattern"" bracelet, but to do more than that, you really have to watch the videos from the Rainbow Loom website. And once you watch those, you'll want to get fancier, which will deplete your stash of bands pretty fast."
My children loved this toy!  The bracelets are easy to make and are very popular with their friends.  I received this product exactly when I was told I would and it was a huge hit with my kids!
The rainbow loom is a fun way to make cool bracelets.  But don't buy it here!!! I just was at a Learning Express and it was $14.00! I was lazy and ordered it online and it cost me an extra $6.50!  Ugggg!
"Product is as described, it easy to use and can find more instructions on different designs on their website. I love doing crafts, not sure that this would be considered crafty, but I like it."
"Fast shipping, fun summer craft.
Order extra rubber bands and c-clips now, you will need them as the rubber bands get used up quicker than you think."
"I bought this for my daughter (being told it was the big thing at school). She has used it alot since I purchased it and has made bracelets for herself, her brothers, her friends, etc."
These band bracelets were all the rage at our kids school this year. I've bought two of these sets for my kids this summer and they've made numerous bracelets. Has been a great indoor activity for them this summer.
I ordered this online as it was the new craze.  My daughters and their friends love it but I did find it in our local store for $12 cheaper!
My son is having a lot of fun with this Rainbow Loom. He makes bracelets and gives them to his friends.
This is a great product for kids who love crafts. The directions are easy and there are a variety of projects to make.
"I bought this rainbow loom kit for my niece and she thought that it was the best birthday present ever! I agreed. I think that this kit is a great opportunity for girls to get off the computer and have some great fun! So, if you need to make a girl super happy [and to get her off the computer] this is your thing. I hope this review was inspiring to you.
  trust me

  A MUST GET!!!!!!"
"My granddaughter has not been able to leave this alone since it arrived. Great item.
I may have to order another one because my grandson loves it too. He wants too make bracelets for his baseball team with their team colors."
my daughter loves her loom. SHe is making bracelets all the time.  Greta way for her to spend quiet time
My child says that the directions don't show you how to do the many different bracelets that can be made.
Could not find these in any store.  The price was so good we bought two!  We love RubberBandMan for rushing it to us!
My 10 year old daughter was thrilled to receive and quickly began making bracelets for herself and friends.  Will look to purchase additional bands.
"My 8 year old daughter has been able to make several bracelets. The directions are not very helpful, but she had learned how to make them on a friends previously. The website with video was much more helpful."
My daughter loves this!  She has made bracelets for everyone.  We just need more C hooks so she can keep making them!
"My eight year old is entertained for hours with this, and it's no easy task to keep her interested in something.  We watched a you tube video in how to make the bracelets and the rest was easy."
My daughter and I love this product. We make bracelets all the time. It takes some patience at first to get the hang of it. Great for working on fine motor skills too!
We are enjoying this product and the shipping was so fast.  It was awesome to get it so quickly.  The kids love it and the items they make with it are cool.
"The rainbow loom is very easy to learn... Our loom was a birthday gift for a granddaughter, she spent the past 3 days making bracelets for every one.. already ordering more bandz...All her friends have the loom .. it is well worth the money and effort to order from amazon.. as the local hobby shops have not been able to keep them in stock..."
"This product is awesome.  I recommend this product to everyone who needs to have some fun.  For everyone who wants to beautify their outfits.  This keeps children busy for hours.  All different colors to choose from.  All different patterns to make  All different bracelets to wear.

Please listen to this line: Buy This Item Before Its Too Late
  Before They Sell Out"
"I found the loom easy to work, good directions and a website that walks you through many different designs of bracelet.  It's fun"
My kids really wanted the rainbow loom kit for camp and we had been looking everywhere for them.  But since they are the hot item right now every place we went to was sold out of them and waiting for a new delivery.  We did manage to get one but I needed another one.  So we finally decided to see if we could get it through Amazon and sure enough we did!  We were so glad that Amazon carries this item!  I only wish we had thought to look on Amazon sooner because the delivery took a few days and my kids are not the most patient.
"it is very good , my daughter was very excited about it and played with it as soon as she got it."
"My daughter couldn't wait to get it. When she received it she immediately started to use it.
She is 10 yrs old and enjoys using it..
It is not a project for a car ride."
"We've stuck to the more basic bracelet, but my girls find it pretty simple and just love this bracelet loom!  we'll have to buy more c-hooks soon because we've made several together.  The more complicated designs can be viewed on youtube.  Even though it's for kids, a redundant, mindless process over and over can be very stress-relieving sometimes.  And, you get a fun kids bracelet in the process!  My 7 year old has mastered the basic technique.  It's a fun rainy day craft - and she wears her bracelet every day!"
"This toy is a big hit for my 11 year old daughter, as well as my 8 year old sons. Everyone in the house has rubber band bracelets, including me!"
My 11 year old daughter has been entertained for hours.  She loves being creative and making different bracelets for family and friends.
"Daughter love it!!  Everything arrived as promised, on time etc.  Only problem now is I can't get my daughter to do anything else but make bracelets!!"
"My boys love this and love making bracelets for all there cousins and friends. They are a little young so they needed some help at first, but got the hang of it."
"Excellant products. The kids love it. AND this sites price, for this product, is only 1/3 of what all stores are asking for it. Fast delivery also."
"This idea is a good one, but in practice, it's much harder to do for young hands than it looks. The age recommendation should probably be at least 10.  And the youtube videos are so interrupted with buffering that it requires more patience than any child (or adult) could possible muster.  It needs more instruction in the kit so it can be done without assistance from the internet.  That said, it's fun and cute for kids to make and wear.  Susan"
"My 6YO daughter and her 7YO best friend have SO much fun sitting for hours and making bracelets with this set.  They do the simple ones at this age, but I'm sure older kids would have a lot of fun making the more complex ones.  I actually came on Amazon to buy a set, but realized that the price here is pretty much double the price at Learning Express (which is easy for me to get to), so I'm going to buy it there instead.  Wherever you choose to buy it, though, it really is a great tool for teaching hand/eye coordination and concentration.  My friend who owns it also recommends buying extra bags of bands."
Please bring my rainbow looms for me I'm dieing without them so please bring them tomorrow thank you soooo much
"If you are looking for a great gift for an elementary child, this would be the one!  Boys and girls both enjoy making these bracelets for their friends and family.  Thank you for the fast delivery"
"I bought this for my daughter, but we both use the loom.  It is a lot of fun, and a great craft that she can complete on her own.  I have enjoyed making more complicated patterns with the loom.  This is a great gift."
"garbage. impossible to follow. a waste of money and effort. I would not recommend this toy to anyone.

the instruction booklet is unclear."
This is a ripoff here it says its 33 dollars but if you go to Learning Express its only 17.99 its really fun but why rip us off!?
the loom was really nice and it is easy to work with and I got more in the kit then if I got it here local
These bracelets are all the rage at the kids school. This kit is great. It has kept my kids busy for hours this past weekend. Now off to order more rubber bands!
My daughter loves it she makes five or six bracelets at a time and has become very popular with her friends
My daughter spent hours and hours making rings and bracelets for friends and family.  We got is super fast to.
I bought this as a gift for our four and six year old grandchildren.  They requested the product and enjoy making jewelry.
"My daughter was counting the days until this arrived and I have not been able to pry it out of her hands since.  It contains a plastic ""loom"" with mini rubber bands in different colors.  The rubber bands are looped over the plastic prongs in different patterns and result in bracelets of different shapes and thicknesses.  She has used some of the designs from the enclosed instructions, and found others on the internet.  All her friends have been gifted bracelets in different patterns, and she is also planning a bracelet-making party! Refill rubber bands are available in different colors, and from what I understand additional or add-on looms.  Lots of fun for pre-teens, and allows for creative outlet and hours of fun.  Would definitely recommend."
"We love it! Hours of fun for my 8 year old!! Buy extra rubber bands they go quick! Also, they have tutorials on Utube:) Enjoy"
My son spends hours making bracelets. He loves it - I just feel I paid more than what it is worth due to its popularity in this area
"I, for one, don't get it, but my 11 year old loves them. Everywhere I go I see someone with the Rainbow Loom. As a matter of fact, a lot of the boys in her school ask her to give them some and they wear them!"
it a great way to keep kids busy..  my daughter loves it!!  it came with everything that it said it would
"I don't knwo what this is, don't know how to use it, but when I gave it to my niece she went crazy happy. so I believe in her and think I should share this with the world"
Directions aren't great- need to use youtube videos. Kids love it- fun to do when it's raining outside. Can trade with friends.
"I bought this for my 8 year old niece's birthday. This is the 1 item she asked me to get her and she loved it. She didn't use the tool, but was amazing making bracelets, necklaces, etc with her hands! Quality of the product was excellent, as was the promptness it was shipped."
"Its really cool and durable it has enough refills to last a long time....the bracelets are also durable, the purchasing and shipping process is much faster"
children spent much time making bracelets for themselves and their relatives and friends. It got them doing something other than playing on machines and watching tv.
"The best band bracelet maker by far!
I would definitely recommend this product!
My daughter spends hours making bracelets and its easy to use too!"
Works good it is a good product and I like the way is looks the quality is good I would recommend this to anybody
"we bought these for our daughter for her birthday, she has gone through 1800 rubber bands in 2 weeks.  now we need more."
"Bought this for my sons because its the new hot item to have.  Keeps them busy for hours and bonus, patterns make them think and use the ever wondering minds!  Love the creativity!"
"I love it! though it's complicated and the box was hard to open, it's a great product! Works for me!"
This product is packaged very nice and is complete. This is for mu granddaughter and I am sure that she will like it.
"to make the ""cool"" bracelets you will need more than one loom which isn't made very clear until you open it.  You will also need access to the internet because that is where all the patterns are and they aren't very clear... I thought I would try it out so I could help my daughter when she was ready to make one... I couldn't figure it out in one sitting so it remains unused. Sad. I am sure with time I would be able to figure it out but it hasn't topped my priority list yet."
"My kids wanted me to buy this kit so badly. When the package arrived, they were so crazy and started doing the bracelets immediately. They followed the videos from the website and apparently is pretty easy. They run out of rubber bands the next day. A lot of bracelets and fun for them and their friends."
Bought it for my two nieces and they couldn't stop making us bracelets! I am sure i will have to buy the refills soon.
I got for my friends its ok the rubber bands break the instructions arnt clear. Im glad it isn't mine ..
For elementary school ages.  This product has given our third grader a way to make interesting small decorations and invent a variety of ways to use the loom
Like product came in onetime with colors that were advertised. Kids were able to make several wrist bands for everyone.
We bought this for our granddaughter for Valentines Day. She loves it. She is nine. She has made bracelets for her friends at school and we have already ordered more rubber bands.
My girls love making these. Even going door to door in the neighborhood selling them for $1. Having a blast!
My son wanted this for Christmas and has really enjoyed making bracelets on it.  He has already ordered more rubberbands!
Bought this for my 12 year old niece who loves crafty things. She immediately set aside her computer game to make me a bracelet. The kit was easy for her to follow and she loved designing the bracelet using the variety of colored bands.
"All items as promised. Great starter kit. Only 6 colors come with the starter kit, but it is enough to make interesting combinations."
Bought this for my 9 yr old Grandson for Christmas.  He has made many bracelets and is enjoying the experience.
This is what my daughter wanted but the material is cheap. Hook broke within a month & so did the peg board.
"They love this and spend hours making bracelets and such. The YouTube videos are great too!
They're 9 and 11 and have been using it for a few months now."
"This product is very helpful. The loom and the hook are strong, not easy to break. Unlike my other look, it breaks easily."
Daughter has been very happy with it.  I even have to wear a bracelet to work now :).
Grandkids love this and it is a great rainy day project.
"This product came with everything it needs. Like a metal hook, rubber bands, clips, the instructions, and the loom its self. The package came early."
Niece loved it!
Works really well and both my son and daughter have them and they have fun with them.
"This loom set is pretty great and my daughter loves it. My only issue is that there are hardly any instructions for the bigger loom, and thats why we bought it. It shows one design in detail...but its one we don't need the loom for. Then it shows other patterns you can make, but without specific instructions on how to turn that pattern into a bracelet. So to YouTube we go. The materials are excellent quality though so still four stars."
good
Just the best quality! My kids and I love looms and this is the best of all the once i have tried
Step daughter loves this
