I am having so fun writing on windows and mirrors and anywhere I can think of with these!!!
"Great product.  I love these chalk markers they are so simple to use with even easier clean up. With a five year old who loves to draw, the clean up part is super important.  I love the bright colors in these markers they are beautiful.  I  use them often to write on a white board to advertise for sales and specials for our tie dye business, they work amazingly well to attract attention.  If you have never tried chalk markers I would say these are very good ones to get you will not be disappointed."
These are so much fun! I am really enjoying writing messages on mirrors for the kids to see when they wake up! Some days it inspirational others it reminders! They clean up so easy a I have to use is a wet rag!
Fun! These markers are great.  I use them with my grandson. He loved being able to draw on the windows and my refrigerator.  I loved the idea that it wipes right off. Love them.
"If there was ever something ripe for disrupting it's got to be the chalk board. These liquid chalks are super cool. It's just like writing on a white board, except there are far more colors. When it drys it turns into something almost exactly like chalk that you can erase. Big equations on the chalk board look so much cooler in technicolor!"
This is so much better than normal chalk.  It does not leave that messy residue so writing looks neat and crisp.  Plus it is a lot easier to write/draw with these markers.  I have been very happy with this purchase and use it almost daily!
"<div id=""video-block-RFUG4BP09IE0P"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1fWZxqFx%2BS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81wHYc17RrS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Cool packaging and design on the markers, my 5 year old son loves them and I love that they are non toxic because he's always changing the tips from the fine one to the round one which is super easy to do.  The colors are really bright and they have great coverage area on all the surfaces that I have tried so far."
I have always wanted to get my wife colored chalks so that she won't need to inhale those dusty old fashion chalks. She loves drawing and coloring up our black piggy bank for different occasions as display. This product is exactly what we expected to be.  Love the vibrant colors! Initial use requires you to release some pressure then shake and there you can start drawing. We highly recommend this product!!
I work on a lot of events and make tons of chalkboard signs for them! These glide super easily and leave a crisp clean image every time. Highly recommend them!
Love these. Our new favorite thing!  Wiped clean with a damp cloth. I was told you could use a little window cleaner with ammonia if necessary.
"I was somewhat disappointed in these markers.  I got them some time ago, and the labels that I marked over a month ago, will smear if your hand or fingers happen to touch it and they are written on the labels that came as free if I ordered these pens.  I probably would not order again."
"Seriously these are the best markers every they come off so much easier off any white board markers or expo markers do. They come off my white board, chalkboard or anything else I use them on!, just a little water and all are clean. I use it on transparency paper in my classroom to change up star students and on my laminated calendar and I LOVE THEM"
Love the colors. I buy these to write on the chalkboards at work because its way easier than actual chalk. With daily use they last about 3 months.
"Pros:
Wash off, bright colors great for kids (2 & 5)

Cons:
White marker was broken and leaked all over, although they wipe off it does take quite few wipes to get the (12x14) chalk board fully clean."
"Love these,just got them but I'm impressed with the bright colors and they don't get smeary like a more expensive set I purchased last yr. I use them to write reminders for the hubby on bathroom mirror corner, when his honey d's r done he wipes it off w a paper towel ( who am I kidding!!! ;) haha we all K no I end up erasing it!!)  And any upcoming events....has worked great for our family!"
Super great pens. Really bright colors and they write really well. I used them for a chalk board project!
Color and ease of use is very good
Not waterproofed. The words got smeared less than a day.
"We are using these to write positive affirmations on the mirrors of all our restrooms in our school.  At first, they were a little hard to get them working but we realized you really have to shake them to activate them.  The colors are beautiful and they are easy to clean up!"
Liquid markers are very hard to find. I like crafty Croc they have a nice selection of bright colors.
Loved them.
Excited to use These to set up my classroom!
Excited to use these. A teacher friend recommended them to me. Hope to love them in my classroom as much as she does.
"I love these pens! We are renting an apartment that has a floor-to-ceiling mirror in the office, which prevented me from hanging up a bulletin or whiteboard--a big deal, because I work from home and am extremely disorganized. I tried sticking post-it notes to the mirror but that made my workspace look messy and chaotic. After reading the Amazon reviews on these Crafty Croc Liquid Chalk Markers I decided to give them a try. Now I can write to-do lists on the mirror in a variety of different colors to distinguish between priorities, meeting agenda items, etc. Clean up is also easy--it just requires a wet paper towel or cloth and then a follow-up swipe with something dry. The pens don't damage or mark the mirror permanently so no worries there.

One warning--always shake them with the cap on, or else you may end up flinging drops everywhere. I did this once but luckily the liquid chalk easily came off of the leather writing surface of my desk as well as off the wood floor."
Im very  desapointed because i had ordered color neon ans i have received an ordered color...
These work well but believe the package when it says it may not erase from surfaces covered in chalkboard paint.
"we use them with a ""chalk"" board to keep track of daily reminders"
"Overall the markers are great. However when you pump the tips on the pens you have to be very careful, otherwise you could end up with liquid chalk everywhere. The following colors in this pack shines under UV / black light: orange, green, yellow (works best against black), blue, red, white, and pink. Rest can be a little difficult to see against a black backdrop as well. But I am sure there are use cases for the other colors beyond the scope I use them (work and doodles). Writes thick with the sharper tips and thinner with the round tips, wipes off glass easily."
Wonderful product
Some colors are harder to wipe off than others.  Pink specifically tends to leave residue and requires more wiping
We use these for out daily specials board. The colors are vibrant and the chalk flows well for nice even coverage.
"Arrived on time. Shipped out promptly. I have the white Crafty Croc markers and they're great...however, the colored ones have been a struggle. They are very skippy, almost as if they don't have enough paint in them. Very disappointing."
These are so bright and fun! They show up on black cardstock. Great!
Arrival was on time. I get these markers cause my boss likes the brand thank you again
Exactly what we were looking for.  Great quality!
If you have a restaurant and you have chalkboards these are great !!!! Very vivid colors !!!!
Great Product!
"I wanted to use these on windows and they work okay, but the ink is too thin to make bold lettering. I tried both ends but didn't get enough coverage. I found better ones in my Mexican hardware store...they're the ones that everyone uses on car windows for weddings and ""for sale"" signs."
Cool chalk markers!!!
"The girls love it, no more using the walls!!"
"Having so much fun writing on our sandwich board,  our deli showcase,  the windows, doors. They are perfect!"
Love the Colors and the smooth lines when writing
"I love the vibrant, bold, beautiful colors ever. I would highly recommend these chalk mark3rs to anyone, these are by far the best chalk markers I have ever purchased."
very good.
So fun!
The markers are great.  We ordered them to be used to make signs at my workplace.
"THEY RUINED MY NEW CHALK BOARD, THEY DO NO ERASE"
These colors are bright and easy to see on our black glass message board.  I would highly recommend them!!
Once you get them started they write nice and so far have wiped off easy.
Came really fast and are amazing! We are using them for signage on personal business and they don't smear and stay put unlike chalk.
What a great company to deal with. They stand by their products 100%.  We had an issue with 2 markers and they immediately made it right and sent us out replacements. The colours are sharp and the markers work great.  Will definitely buy from them again.  Well worth the money.
"These pens are the best!!
Tried cheaper ones and they were terrible.  Thanks for a great product."
"I bought these to use on my Specials Board at my little cafe.
These markers are SO bright (and fun!) and really make my Specials stand out.
Thank you!"
We use these markers for event boards at the local winery I manage.  Theyre great especially the neon colors. The purple and some of the other colors do not show up well on a black chalkboard. This is why we went with the straight neon pack. Plus a box typically last 3 months.
Crafty Croc shipped my order immediately; it arrived on time; and I have had so much fun writing on my chalkboard with these!!  They are brilliant in color and so very easy to use!
Nice set of chalkboard pens. Love using them and good selection of colors.
"I finally got around to ordering some chalkboards so I could really use these liquid chalk markers (I'd tested them out on paper, but that's not really what they are intended for). I love how vibrant the colors are and I'm looking forward to all of the fun things I can do now that I finally have the chalkboards (I got a three-pack of some fun-shaped chalkboards).

There is a small learning curve when you're just getting started with these (it takes a little work to get the color flowing) but there are good instructions on the box and if you follow them, you'll easily get things going.

I'm trying to think of some other potential projects I can use these chalk markers for so I can use them more often. Thanks for a great product, Crafty Croc!"
"These markers are great.  The colors are vibrant, the markers are smooth/easy to write with and they erase from my surface with as little hassle as one can expect from brightly colored markers.

I'll definitely be buying this brand as replacement when the time comes."
Works great on our new glass calendar and chalk boards at work.
"love these markers, great fun at parties to use, suggest to advise your guest to mark their glasses in a spot they won't touch coz the ink does come off onto their hands."
nice good fast
Super fun and have not had any issues. Really fun to play with. Kids have lots of fun. They erase like dry erase marks with the ink is dry. Easy clean.
I love the bright colors and the fine point on the Chalk Markers. I love the customer service and appreciate the quick responses that I have had.  I look forward to using my 20% coupon
Best neons for a black dry erase board! Easy wipe
"The colors are perfect. They glow beautifully under a black light. I have written on mirrors, glass vases, and jars. They are perfect for my projects."
great markers!
"Very hard to get the liquid chalk to initially come to the tip of the pen, have to shake for a long time (minute plus) and dab it a lot. Then, when it finally is able to write, it's very thin and not very bright. Not ideal for writing big on a black dry-erase board."
I've searched high & low for window markers that are bold and can be seen in my office. I've FINALLY found the perfect markers!!!!
"Our cafe team loves these marker, easy to use, bright colors goes on our menu board well. Great price!"
Love these markers! There isn't a hetter brand out there!
"I'm not sure if I received a lemon pack, but my white, pink, and purple are the only colors that consistently work. Since opening the pack from day one the other colors are not as bright and almost seem like they were old and dried out. I have heard wonderful things about this brand. I am just hoping this pack was a fluke."
"Do not put this on a painted chalk surface, it won't come off. Otherwise, great product."
"it is just okay, not really worth the cost"
All markers were terrific under the black lights!
I love these markers for the kids but I do not feel that I got my money's worth because they dried up too quickly. I will buy them again but they are a luxury since they do not store well.
Run low quickly and do not come off board easily. Ordered due to recommendation with board purchased. Ruined the board.
My daughter used these to write on slime she made with chalk board paint.  She Loved it!  They write nice and smooth.  Were delivered as promised.  Would definitely recommend!
Very difficult to get the pigment started.
Use this for the chalkboard calendar I bought off amazon & yet again another brand that after the 1st use doesnt write. Had to throw in the trash. Frustrating.
These markers rock and they clean up well! I use them on my monthly calendar and they are a breeze to wash off and re do. Great vibrant colors and fun to use. A little tricky to get a thin line sometimes but not a deal brakes for what I use them for
Arrived on time and my granddaughters love them!
"I do A LOT of chalk art of my cafe businesses so I bought 2 sets and Im very happy with my purchase. They are very durable (even after an employee used some of them on paper), they still write nice, smooth and bright. I will definitely buy these again."
Works really well on glass.  Bought this for work and its been really easy to write with.  Easy to erase using water.
"This chalky markers is what I was looking for a while, the colors are brillants, turn great my project the words looks great, Im very happy with this purcharse."
Markers were awesome.  I used them for a glass board and worked perfect.
I just wish all of them would flow the same. Some of the markers work well. Some of them are harder to use.
Do not use it on a chalk board!!! It will stain the chalk board. They are supposed to be for a whiteboard or some kind of plastic or glass.
Very reliable markers; true to color
"Vibrant, easy to use!  I love them !!"
"I bought these for my sister-in-law as a Christmas gift and can't wait to give them to her. Received them after only a few days and they were exactly as described. We were recommended these from a friend who loves them, but I haven't actually used them personally, which is why I'm only giving a 4-star rating at this time. I even received an email from their Customer Service of ""Chalktastic Ideas"" that has a 48 page pdf. How cool?!"
"We used these to paint rocks after finding a rock at a local park and learning about local rock-painting groups. Very fun! My daughter is 4 and did great with these. I heard you should seal over it but we never did. We hid the rocks we made too, so hopefully they last!"
Not a great set of liquid chalk markers. Don't write real well.
Received on time and in good condition. Nice product; I would definitely buy again.
I love these chalk markers. They work great on both dry erase and chalk boards.
Colors were neither transparent nor opaque for glass windows.  Disappointed with amount of color from the tip.  Looking for more va va voom from the pens.
Love the chalk. They worked exactly like they were described. A really nice product. The colors are very vibrant and fun to draw with.
"The liquid chalk isn't quite as smooth as I'd like and it streaks quite a bit when using the chiseled tips, but I live the neon colors and they really pop! I just have to be patient when writing with the chiseled end on glass."
"They are nice but they leak if you are writing vertically, like on a chalkboard on an easel. Better to lie flat. I lost a few drips several times, which is MONEY."
"I ordered with reservations on this product, but they turned out better than I thought they would perform. I definitely will order more."
"Beautiful for chalking on smooth surfaces, but if you are using these on a surface where you are constantly changing the design, these markers are hard to wash off. I use them for creating the promotional signage boards at Starbucks, and I need to use a Magic Eraser and a little bit of bleach to take the marker residue off completely. But I change the signage every two months or so, if you're using these for one time creations, then they are perfect."
Great markers for the blackboards! Definetly Worth the price! 
I've tried a lot of different brands and these by far are the best!!
Markers are ok. A little too watery for my tastes. I use the for chalk boards at work for daily specials and contests. I love the bright colors. And tips wear down quickly after pushing in to make color appear.
"Fantastic product. Would definitely purchase again. Colors are bright, and as long as you pay attention to the instructions about how to prime the markers for first use, and what surfaces to NOT write on ---- you're gold. Bold, easy to use, goes on smoothly, works on a wide variety of SMOOTH surfaces. Absolutely recommend!"
"These colors are great -- I use them on an old blackboard to keep my students alert to important announcements, assignments, and tests!  Liquid chalk, including these, are expensive, and my school does not provide them, but I look upon them in one more investment I make in my students -- they are our future!"
A friend recommended these to me after I asked her which brand she uses because she makes beautiful chalk board signs. They arrived on time and in great condition.
"Having fun drawing with my liquid chalk markers, they look great on my sandwich board too."
Grandson loves!
Hey! It's liquid chalk markers that are actually super awesome!
Really like the slanted tip and vibrant colors. Easy to wipe off too!
Great chalk markers
I love these chalk markers! True to detail! Very happy customer!
Great value
These are amazing!  The colors are so vibrant.  Very easy to use.  I can't wait to get ALL of the colors!
Colors are vibrant and wash off as expected.
"Easy to use and easy to clean.  The whole family, from the 2 year old to the 55 year old loved it!"
"These markers are awesome!! I love the brightness of them. My only ""issue"" is I can not get them off of one of my chalkboards :( They come off of the rest of them though.... Excellent chalk markers"
These markers worked great and were easy to erase and take off the blackboard. I would recommend these markers over all the others I have tried.
"Use these in my classroom daily. I have tried several brands and this one seems to be best. Never lasts me the entire school year, but overall a good product."
Using these in an afterschool program. Kiddos love them!
"My wife loves them, the quality is excellent"
Great quality--- very happy with these.
"The chalk markers are great! Easy to use after following the instructions. They also come with a couple extra tips, which is nice. The colors are bright and don't smear. They are also easy to wipe off."
These markers are awesome. We used them to make cute signs for my son's Birthday. They are bright ans go on smooth
"Changing my restaurant menu board from a white board to chalk boards, I needed a quality chalk marker to write the new menu boards. Crafty Croc caught my eye and the description sounded like what I was looking for. It was a great choice. The menu boards look great and the girl I hired to do the writing was very impressed with them. The markers wrote well, the colors were bright, and they cleaned off the chalk boards completely and easily. Highly recommend to peers who have chalk board menus. I've even been able to write on the special board and have it readable. A feat that didn't work so well on the white board. Hey I cook, my writing is bombastic, but I was able to pull it off for a change with people recognizing what I wrote."
Very easy to use. Great quality and vibrant colors! I would definitely recommend these markers. :-)
These are fantastic!! :)
"Markers made all the difference in selling my car. Really was able to get more info on rear window, and got many calls after driving it around, one call was asking where I got so many colors of chalk for window. "
My grandkids loved it.  I let them draw on my slider glass and it wiped right off with Windex.  Just remember to shake the pen and then press gently on the tip several times until the tip is soaked with color.  What fun!!
These markers are amazing!!! They work great and are very bright! Company shipped items fast and packaging was perfect! Thank you!!!
Phenomenal. I am very allergic to whiteboard markers but not these.  No VOCs.  Great for anyone who is sensitive to such chemicals.
They are fantastic for my classroom!
Love them
These are really fun! The colors are bright and happy. I have not had trouble erasing the writing. I would recommend these to anyone.
worked perfectly!
Markers won't erase off of my board. I've tried everything. I've had to repaint my board
Easy to use! Colors are bright & easy to clean up for mistakes.
I have been searching for a good chalk marker for quite some time. I have finally found it! I will certainly be buying more in the future!!!
Great product
"My family and I love the liquid chalk markers! However, my only complaint is that they do not completely erase. It always leaves a faint ghost mark of your previous project."
Easy to use and look so great when they dry on my chalk board.
The top can come off and spill paint all over
Great markers!  Great service!
"Impossible to erase the ""liquid chalk""... it wouldn't wipe away with a paper towel - didn't work. Wet paper towel... didn't work. Winded finally did the trick but you have to scrub VERY hard with that, even. Don't buy!"
Work great
Kinda suck... Dried out on first use. Followed dummy directions. Idk if I want more or a refund?
As Advertised
Love these. Such vibrant colors and clean up easily. Used these for my kids 1st day of school signs and the photographed Great! Also use these on my chalkboard style fridge dry erase board and they work great too. Would recommend
"They were easy to use, vibrant and made my sandwich board pop!!"
Perfect!!
Love this product! n Only wish they came in fine tip!
These work great! better than the ones that came included with our chalk board. Would definitely recommend. Just make sure you shake before using. Might take a little bit of pushing if it is the first time using. The colors are great as well
love these bright
"Vivid colors, easy to use! Can't believe the difference between these and other brands. We'll be sticking with this brand for sure!"
What a great product to advertise my gift shop! Easy to use and quick delivery. Very glad that I went this route instead of the boring school like chalk
"Nice vivid colors and smooth writing chalk markers, plus fast shipping and package arrived undamaged so I'm well pleased with this purchase. I would buy these again."
Fantastic markers! Used them for a long car ride with our boys (ages 3 and 5) on chalkboard contact paper. Also used for my new calendar and grocery list on my pantry door. Easy to wipe clean and leave no residue.
They do not work on a black dry erase board.  The color is imperceptible.
Beautiful colors!! These work really well! Exactly what I was looking for.
"These markers were great but not fine too. They have a chiseled edge and the ""sharp"" edge is not fine enough for detailed work"
Excellent chalk markers! Worked great for our daughters kindergarten 1st day chalk board
I would buy these again. Great product!
Great markers! Vibrant colors!
Great colors
Love em! The kids have a blast decorating the windows for different events!!!
Great product
"They'd be great, if the tip wouldn't fall apart of get ""gunky."" I am a teacher and an avid hand letter-er. I used these for the first time today and this is already what it is looking like. I've had to clean the tip and wipe off where it started to fall apart.

I've bought chalk markers from $1 stores and they've lasted for months! These barely lasted 15 minutes."
"I was torn between four and five stars because the quality of the ink is great, better than Chalk Ink in my opinion. It flows well and has very vibrant color. However the tip seems to wear very fast and it only comes with two replacement tips. I would be happy if it came with a replacement tip for each marker. Overall I am a fan, just wish the tip would last as long as the ink."
We've tried a couple brands. These are the best so far!
"This was the first time I had done or used anything like this. My assignment was to make a sign for my daughter's beach wedding. Because I had only one chalkboard, I wasn't able to practice, was pretty nervous about messing up, and set aside several hours for the project. Well, these markers were so easy to work with, I was done in half and hour and was very pleased with my efforts."
Item came on time and was what I expected. We use them to write on big plastic envelopes for storing the pets collars and leashes while the pets get Groomed at our Pet Salon. They work perfect! Just have to let them dry a few seconds. It wipes off easily so we can use the envelope again.
Perfect for our restaurant chalk boards! Almost makes me want to buy more since they are finally running low... seriously this was a purchase that was very smart.
Works great! I cheaped  out and bought other ones that were a trainwheck to use! The ink flows great and the tips are nice to write with! So worth it
"I recently purchased one due to the number of high reviews. However, I found out after I received it that I was unable to write on the chalk board. Very disappointed with this purchase."
"Crafty Croc markers are awesome! The colors are so bright. They write, color, and draw so easily and I haven't had any trouble with erasing them. These markers are well worth every penny!"
Great!
Warning: these are NOT made for actual chalk boards!!!!  I found out the hard way!  These essentially act like paint on a chalk board...wish I had known this sooner
"This is the second set of chalk markers I have purchased, and I love these more than the other brand I previously purchased.  Takes half the time and shaking to get them to write.  The colors are smooth.  Easy.  Wonderful."
FINALLLLLY!!! I have finally found my new favorite Chalk markers. They arrived on time and I immediately started using them. They are easy to get started.  Just shake a little bit (with cap on) and then press down tip of marker so that chalk paint starts to fill the tip. And once the tips are filled you are ready to go. I used these on my challboard calender. The colors are so bright and fun!! (See pic). I will definitely buy these again in the future when they run out. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
Markers work very well and were reasonably priced.
They work great! Bright colors on the black chalk board.
They are great! Our chore chart is colored up. :)
Best chalk Markers!! Recommend it!! Used for my kids back to school chalk board!! Amazing!!
nice bright bold colors and cleans up nicely.
"I used these to draw on glass as party decorations and they worked out pretty well. The colors were very bright and looked good. I had to cross-hatch and stipple to keep the brightness down for what I was trying to draw. The downside, which is inherent in all markers, is that you could see the strokes of the marker. Also, once dry (~5-10 sec), the markers won't write over itself, which made hatching hard.
Working around those two challenges, these markers did great!"
I have used other markers and am finding that these are by far the best.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
"Super awesome! High pigment and easy to use, and exactly what I needed for my coffee shop's new display board."
They are really nice and were delivered quickly. Love it!
"Absolutely loved this product, bright colors and easy to apply."
Crafty Croc pens are the best.
these are watery and messy
Absolutely outstanding customer servive.  Really helpful with any questions I had about the use of the profuct!
Great bold color. Lasted about 2 month or more!  Way better in my classroom than any others I've tried.
love them!
"These write beautifully, but I can't erase them.  I've tried soap and water, chalkboard cleaner, and various other household cleaners - they are just not removable.  Bummed, because the colors and the ink flow are awesome."
I'm sure I misunderstood but when I looked at the package it said easy wipe off. I assumed this would be good for our homeschool room chalkboard. It would not come off and I will have to paint over. The shadow is what is still there. I hate that I wasted the money. Make sure you know it will come off your surface before buying. I liked the colors though.
Wonderful product!!! Amazing colors!!!
nice !
Very happy with markers! Looks great!
These work perfect for our board at work! I decorate for each season or holiday. Colors are vibrant and write smoothly. Love the variety of color!
"I can't erase it! No amount of water, soap or 409 will clean it off the board."
AWESOME!!
I bought the crafty croc liquid chalk markers (10 pack) about a year or two years ago. They work well with the vinyl chalkboard and dry erase magnetic weekly calendar planner. The colors are vibrant on a black background. If you follow the directions on the proper usage they work seamlessly. I use wipes to erase the chalk from the vinyl but use a rag on the dry erase board. Customer service is excellent! I had two faulty markers that weren't working the way it was supposed too. Evelyn from customer support was really helpful and solved my problem. I would recommend this product to friends and family. Just be mindful when you erase the chalk with a rag it is dry chalk you will be erasing. Therefore there will be colorful chalk dust that will accumulate.
These produce great color!
"These are fantastic chalk markers! I purchased these to replace old ones (different brand), and I couldn't be happier with these Crafty Croc markers! We always decorate the mirrors/glass surfaces in my home for celebrations, and these worked perfectly. Highly pigmented and easy to use. They arrived even earlier than expected! Yay! Thank you!"
These did not erase completely and were rather difficult to use. I will not be rebuying. They dry out very easily as well.
Awesome
"Very high pigment- look great on the blackest of chalkboards. Awesome for restaurant use, since they are so vibrant!"
Amazing markers for nonporous surfaces!  Packaged nicely and quick arrival.  Thank you so much 
"Only 2 of the markers worked as expected - the others are dry.  No matter how long or many times I pumped the tips, the ink never arrived.  On the plus side, the ink is easily washed off with a wet cloth."
"Works great on a homemade chalk board! Easy to use, easy clean up. Great price and colors are vibrant."
"I bought some other brand and they worked the first time and the second time I went to use them they were dried out. I was skeptical to try another but I needed them for a new calendar I had gotten for Christmas. These turned out to be awesome!!! Go on bright, smooth and easy. Would buy again for sure!"
Some of the markers are slightly runny. But otherwise the colors are great! Bold and stay on well but clean up easily.
Great Markers!
"They are GREAT!!! you write as marker but it dries as chalk. I bought them to make a chalboard for guest signings at a birthday party and it was GREAT.

Left the markers so the guests could sign and the had so much fun"
"These are fabulous and they sent me an online ""tricks"" document! I don't have the best penmanship  but love to write on Chalk board signs welcoming guests to my home. These were recommended by a co-worker and work great!! Nice bright colors too!"
Nice markers.
The colors are vibrant and stand out well against the matte chalkboard stickers I used them on. Very pleased with the bright white white. Easy to use- no need to go over it again and again to stand out.
"They work great, nice and bright!"
"I genuinely enjoy using these markers!!! However they definitely do not simply wipe off of painted chalkboard surfaces!! On or chalkboard wall decal it comes off a little better with soap and water, but there was still some residual shadowing.  Over time it fades from the chalkboard wall decal with every wash of the wall, but in order to remove from a painted surface you must repaint the surface to cover it because it will  not wash off!"
Great product
Great markers
I used this today with my 4 year old students. It was easy for them to use and safe. The colors are brilliant. They made beautiful artwork with it on both card stock and construction paper.
"Easy. some markers have to keep shaking.  On these, press tip on paper for few seconds to get it going.  then nice fluid flow.  Using on chalk calendar on my fridge.  lots of colors now to brighten it up."
"After trying these markers I reviewed on Facebook, said they did not come off of the surface and asked what to do. After, I got help, someone messaged me from Crafty Croc. They were super helpful and told me not to use on porous surfaces. So I updated my review from ""1star"" to ""4 stars"" because of helpful customer service!  So I tried again, this time on a NOT porous surface. STILL NO LUCK the markers are still on my surfaces and will NOT come off. I am very upset because I followed the directions EXACTLY this time but still I'm left with a mess from these markers. So once again I re-reviewed. Only this time, I gave ""2 stars"". This is the comment I received back. I believe if you have quality customer service and you want  to keep your customers you are at least AT LEAST decent to them. Yes! I changed my thoughts on the product more than once, but that's because I continued to use the product."
great product
Dries out very quickly
"The colors are vibrant, the writing is smooth and so nice.  Very happy with the purchase"
"Very disappointed. While the colors are vibrant and alive, that's wonderful, but not much help if the nib on the marker skips, and the chalk ink doesn't flow. I'm a professional lettering artist, and have used several different brands of markers, I had been using ""Chalk this Way"" for fluorescent colors, but they were no longer available on Amazon, I decided to try these. Alas, not a favorable experience.  Sorry."
"These are great! Easy to use, great colors. very happy"
Great markers! Both of our daughters love these! I need to order another set because they use them so much. I definitely recommend. Easy to clean up as well.
Love It!
Best brand I have found so far. Very clean lines and easy to use.
These markers are awesome!  Love the colors!
great product excellent service
Excellent product with great customer service
"great chalk markers, bold colors and easy to write with!"
Awesome product! Shipped fast!
"LOVE these! Great quality. Vibrant, pretty colors."
Easy to use; vibrant colors; easy to clean up! Love them. Used them on a chalkboard for my daughters shower and then wedding.
These are amazing!
Works great!  No drips and easy application.
This is the second order from this vendor and I wasn't disappointed. I made a one year milestone chalkboard for my granddaughter and this product was perfect for the project. No smudging and erasable if you need to correct something.
looks great but not easy to remove.
"Great product, fast shipping."
"Excellent, thank you. They arrived on time. I can't wait to use them. I downloaded the craft idea booklet and have a few craft ideas in mind!"
Just what I hoped for : vibrant color and easy to use!!
I got one use before they dried up (that's with cap completely on).
"VERY VERY difficult to remove from anything chalk painted!!!! beware.
But the colors are amazing."
fun and easy to use!  would recommend
Super bright colors.  Only issue is I can't get the color off my chalk board without using magic erasers.  That maybe my chalk board though.
Love this item. Much higher quality than I can get locally and they work great
Complete garbage! Did not have reversible tip and the markers run. Do not buy!
These look great but be warned.... they DO NOT wipe off like they say they do. My 13 year old was seriously upset over these ruining her chalkboards.
love them
"I like it but other dark colors, i +can't see on black calendar or black poster."
Amazing customer service and product
"These were great for chalkboard decorations for a bridal shower!  However very hard to get off and reuse! We tried everything!  Beautiful bold colors, just a shame I won't be able to use the chalkboards again...that could be the chalkboard's fault though since they were cheapies from Target."
My son LOVES these.  We only use them on the windows.  They wipe off with water and come perfectly spotless with a bit of vinegar/eater or glass cleaner.  When these run out Ill definitely order them again!!
perfect
"Love them!!! Vibrant, noticeable, no excuses for staying organized!"
Love them
The pens are vibrant and they work great!
Great markers. Love how they offer the most popular in one box. No waste.
"I have been using this for over a year and they work okay. It is a little annoying that i have to shake it up everytime I use it but it works great for signs, posters, and everyday objects. I use this on my mirror to write memos and on chalkboard. Works best on Chalkboard/chalkboard paper and glass. Does not smear too much. This liquid chalk marker is better than some of the other brands of used"
Great customer service... the product is way better than expected!
"I bought these markers to go on a black dry erase board.  They work great, a lot better then the dry erase markers that I also bought."
Markers work great for the chalkboard easel I have. Smooth and easy to write with.
They write so smooth and wipe off my chalkboard vinyl like a breeze! LOVE them!!!
"Love, Love, Love these markers.  They're so vibrant and as long as you follow the directions will come off any surface they're intended for.  I've had absolutely no problems with the liquid chalk coming off anything with a magic eraser.  Also, follow the directions - don't use the silver or gold anything that you don't want it to permanently stay - these colors don't erase.  These are my new fav and I will definitely be ordering more as needed in the future!!"
Great product. They are true to the color on the board.
These work perfectly for My sons 2 year old chalkboard!  Long lasting and super colorful!
Absolutely wonderful pens! They write so well and look so authentic when I write with these. I want to find more to draw/write on with these and I look forward to all the crafty things I can do with these! I love them!
Great experience
These markers are by far the best chalk markers I've ever used.
Very nice and bright then others
This are amazing! Great quality and vibrant colors! And the awesome customer support sealed the deal. Will absolutely buy again.
Fantastic Customer Service.....  they go far beyond most !!!!!!  They  sent  several emails updating me on order and explaining how to use the markers and wanted to make sure I am happy with the markers.  Will definitely order from them again.  The markers have fantastic colors and are easy to use. Thanks Crafty Croc for providing a great product and providing me with so much information about your product and how to use them.
Great Markers! They flow very smooth and colors are very visible. Erase as simple as I need them too. No bad odor or smell. Overall a great product!!!
Colors are bight and bold..using on a old school chalk board..looks pretty cool !
Love the colors! First time I have had so many options for my chalkboard.
Crafty Croc markers are the best on the market. Every single color is vibrant. The chalk goes on very smooth and even. I have used these a lot and they seem to be lasting a lot longer than I originally thought. Over all these are wonderful and I will purchase over and over again.
"I have tried other brands of chalk markers, I will not be going back! These write so much better. The ""ink"" is bright and does not require the constant pumping of the marker tip like the others have. I will be getting the other color set in the near future!"
Lots of colors.
My family loves these!
"Very nice, bought them for my granddaughter, she loves them"
Got these for my 11 yr old gramddaughter. She loves them! Colors are bright.
My students use this on the contact paper chalkboard to write their goals. They write easy and clean off easily.
Great product.
"These look and work very well on black glass board, although in retrospect would get the 8 pack as I have no use for the black and could have gotten by without the brown"
Great pens!
"I LOVE these markers! I purchased them as they were a suggestion in the review section for another product (WEEKLY MEAL PLANNER/WEEKLY CALENDAR BY LUSHLEAF).  Of course, I purchased them to use on that weekly planner on my refrigerator.  But OH MY.... I've used them in so many ways.
1. on my weekly calendar as stated above
2. I put my Quota on my window and my top 5 Sales this year to achieve quota. This is right next to my desk.  I can quickly look up and keep myself focused
3. I put the Wi-Fi password on my sliding glass door so that friends can quickly get access when they came over
4. I put my daily to do list on a wipe board in office - these markers are vibrate and better contract on background
5. I drew little flowers on my microwave - just for the fun of drawing.
Bottom line - I love so much - I am purchasing a second set to give as a gift.  Don't be fooled - This is a great product for Adults as well. -"
Great markers!! One of the best chalk markers I've found!
Fantastic fun! Nothing quite like these out there that I've found. Quick delivery and very responsive seller.
I love my new chalk markers!! The colors are vibrant and I love the you can switch the tours from round to chisel point. I'm going to buy another set with different colors!!
Great product! These are super cool and my nephew loved them for his birthday gift! Very reasonable priced.
Work great!! Bright colors and washes off easily.
"Very nice markers that are bright, colorful, and perform well. I am looking forward to trying on a few new projects!"
Great markers and easy to use!
We followed the steps in prepping the markers before using them.  The kids love the markers!  The colors are bright that it makes my children want to do their chores!
these are great - no more broken chalk - liquid is the answer and the bright colors will stand out!
"Some are easier to clean off than others, boo."
Work great and came with very clear instructions as well as a couple bonus chalk board labels and a few replacement tips just in case.  Customer service from the crafty croc company is very through and wants you to be happy with their product which is nice.  All in all a solid product.
Got them on time and love them!
The markers work great!  i was able to easily use the coupon code I was provided with from Facebook.
Love the bright colors and they have been working really well thus far.
Great product... my daughter loves it... she uses it to draw on her white board and on her chalkboard. Now she can have colorful pictures.
Great product!
Awesome product. Many applications. Removes with one swipe. Will get more soon for classroom use on whiteboard although personal use is primary. Great stuff!
"GREAT product; great deal; arrived as scheduled - smooth transaction!!  <3 the colors!!  If you are looking for liquid chalk markers, these Crafty Crocs are the one to choose!!"
I've tried multiple brands of liquid chalk as I cannot stand the feel of it and I have to say I'm quite impressed with these Crafty Croc markers! I tried these on our chalkboard elevated dog feeder. I made a mistake and was able to easily wipe it away with a damp cloth. They go on smoothly and don't have to be primed a lot like other chalk markers. The colors are vibrant and beautiful. Once it has dried you would have no clue it was a marker! I definitely will be using these as my go to chalk markers.
These are the best chalk markers I've ever used.  The colors are bright and it writes well. Thanks.
Color wasn't even and neither was the length
Absolutely the perfect item for my students when they return from winter break...eye catching!
Wish I had purchased these sooner. They work great on all chalkboards and allow for precision and clarity. Cleaning the chalkboard surface afterwards was a cinch.
"The name ""Chalk"" markers is very deceiving.  These are not meant for chalkboards.  They are really fun to write with but basically would not come off my chalkboard after a day and Crafty Croc suggested you clean it off with Windex.  Cleaning with Windex definitely cleaned the board but also ruined the board from being ""cured.""  I tried two times to cure the board again to no avail, it just stays sleek and cloudless like when you first purchase a board.  I tried to write in chalk and can clearly see my marks after I erase them and the board will not get cloudy at all.  I believe these markers are meant for other crafts like writing on glass and other materials.  Disappointing!"
"Unfortunately, though this looked like a dream product, and the colors seemed outstanding..., it has proven to be IMPOSSIBLE to remove from the black chalk board it was used upon. Sadly, we cannot get it off. At all. After much effort. "
"Very smooth writing, & beautiful, bright colors. I just started using these for our restaurant's ""specials"" board instead of the conventional chalk that I was using before, and it is getting much more attention from customers. Very happy."
"I wish the colors were a bit brighter, but overall these are good. I just ended up ordered a neon set for more impact and variety when designing."
"I DONT want to give any stars, This is crap, I stopped the subscription last month and it's still charging me!!! DONT ORDER THIS!!!"
I have not used them much yet but I think I will love them. Came very quickly. That was nice.
Lids are a little hard to put on
Good product.
I absolutely love my new chalk markers! The reversible tips are very handy. The colors are beautiful and vibrant!
Bought these for my daughters ages 15 and 17.  They love them.
Arrived quickly and works well.
Too hard to get off and stains
Good product.
"Messy, don't work half the time!!"
Love the product will purchase again
Great quality and service!  Really happy with my purchase!  Colors are bright and the markers work great!
I love these! We use them on our mirrors for special messages and adhesive chalkboards. The color selection is great and we continue to find ways to use these fun and reliable markers!
"great item, fast shipping."
"Such beautiful, vibrant colors, and so easy to use. My granddaughter is loving using them, but the adults are wanting to have a turn with them, as well."
Beautiful colors!
great price...great stocking stuffer
They were great! I will definitely be ordering from you in the future! Thanks and Merry Christmas!
These are great! We use them to write prices for our farmer's market signs. They are so bright and cheerful.
The BEST chalk markers.
Works perfectly!
Worked well
Love them! So easy to use!
Excellent customer service. Great product!
My kids loved coloring in Christmas stencils that we put on the windows with these!! Colored are bright and vibrant
Fun markers!
Great bright colours. Good instructions on how to use them.
I Love these markers.. I will order them again
Did not erase from my chalkboard
Great Quality;
Very good product worked just how I needed it to. Will do business again soon!
Really enjoying them for my various art projects for my students
This stuff is awful to wipe off. It seeps deep into the chalk board. If you want a permanent chalk marker this is it.
"Works great on your chalkboard, doesn't smudge easily!"
"These are great. I bought these for my toddler to use for her chalkboard. I wouldn't say they are super toddler friendly but I always watch her with them. They are non-toxic though! After I got them I read that they can be used on glass and our new rental house has a huge mirror covering one wall so these work perfect on them.
They clean off easily, although the more that's on there and the longer it sits it may take a little more scrubbing but nothing we minded.
We do have to wash our hands afterward because we do get it on us but it washes off extremely easy with just soap and water.
I will definetely be buying more soon."
These work great. Nice and bright!  Will but again!!!
"Love these markers! I used them to make Cole class graphs and they worked very well!
They are great for chalkboard writing too!"
Speedy delivery. High quality product which is what I was hoping for.
Love these. They are super bright. Just the right thickness to write with and remove very easily. Definitely a keeper and the only ones I'll buy from now on
After a few uses the ends became frayed and now they don't write as clearly.
These markers work very well and stay wet.
Awesome markers
Excellent quality. I will most certainly be the envy of all antique mall dealers with my chalk decorated walls!! Excellent customer service from this company!
Great in delivery time. Received product two weeks before scheduled. Haven't had the chance to use them yet but tested one and I love how the tips are interchangeable for wide tip and fine tip. A little messy if you change it mid way but other wise simple and easy to use.
So far so good! Received them quickly but have used them very little
Fun but not the best quality.  It's hard to keep a consistent ink flow with some of them
These are the best markers I have ever used! So easy to use and the bright colors are wonderful.
"Vibrant colors, wash off easily from store-bought chalkboard. They warn heavily that these should not be used on porous surfaces, especially chalkboard paint."
Love these markers.  Very easy to use.  Shake them well and watch the beautiful colors flow.
Great product.
"I got these markers when I saw the great deal and they did not disappoint!  Not only are they fantastic on my my chalkboard stickers, they are amazing on glass!  The colors are so fun and vibrant!  With the holidays coming up, I can't wait to use them to decorate my windows for Christmas.  This has been a family tradition since I was quite young and this is so much easier than using paints and brushes!"
The markers write smoothly and I love the 2 different tip options.  Colors are vibrant.  Love these markers.
Very vibrant. Easy to use. Great value. Love the thin and thick writing. The picture is my 5 year old granddaughter's doodling. It really shows that the color pops.
"I own a business and have tried several brands of chalk markers. I love these ones!  The colors are bright,  they wrote easily and dried quickly.  I love the tip on them and it's  reversible from a rounded tip to an angled tip. I will totally buy them again!"
Thanks
"These just didn't work that well on the board that I have.  Not bold at all, they were more opaque and even after following the instructions on how to prime them for writing they just didn't work for me."
I love it! The colors are wonderful. Easy to clean up when used on non-porous surface.
Received the markers and they were exactly as promised.  Can't wait to use them with my eight year old niece.  Oh the coloring we will do!
"They're part of a Christmas gift for someone, so I haven't opened them.  I'm sure they'll be stellar!"
"Slides so nice, colors are vibrant, easy clean up... can't ask for anything more."
"Of course I had to try out these markers the moment they came in, so a co-worker and I drew a picture on the glass window at work.  The marker colors are vibrant and opaque.  I couldn't be happier!"
didnt come off my chalkboard but other than that it worked well on my dry erase.
"I purchased this product simply because I received a coupon & thought they looked like fun. We have been thoroughly enjoying these markers around the house. From writing messages & designs on mirrors to using them to draw on windows & glass doors just for fun, my family has put these to good use. We will definitely purchase these again!"
"These markers are awesome, my granddaughter just loved them, wrote all over the windows, easy to clean off, I would recommend for sure!!!"
Daughter loves them.
I ordered these markers with a discount coupon offered for reviewing.  The markers work great and show up well on many surfaces!  They are a great addition to my crafting collection.
Looks like they will be fun and easy to use.
Works great!
"Great markers, fast delivery."
Received my chalk the other day absolutely love them!
Easy to write with nice bold colors! One of the nicest chalk markers I've ever used.
"Fast Shipper, Plus I got an amazing deal!"
Excellent product. Colors are as vibrant as promised. Quick delivery. Would order from them again.
"Good markers, bought with blackboard, very easy to use and easy to read.  Thanks!"
Great product!
They look good but haven't used them yet
Fun product to use! The colors are great!
"Great company, excellent product!"
Vibrant colors- works great
Best Markers EVER!
They do what they say they'll do.  Worked well on my chalkboard tap handle.
Fun craft product! My teens love them for so many projects!
"I absolutely LOVE these markers! I painted two of the cabinets in my classroom with chalkboard paint, and finally got to use them today. They are vivid, bright, and so easy to use! I followed the directions on the packaging about priming the tips first, and it worked like a charm. I was nervous about how well they would erase, but the ink came off with water and a cloth and didn't leave any residue or smear. I will definitely be ordering more of these!"
These work perfectly! I was excited to have the full array of colors to work with. Smooth and have great coverage.
This is more permanent did not like
Great Markers and delivered as promised!
Worked great with our board sign.
Love the colors and the ease of using them!!!
Great product and fantastic follow up from Crafty Croc folks - they really care what you think about their product. Thank you!
"So much nicer than regular chalk. Just test your board first. I've been using this on glass, metal, and plastic."
Love these chalk markers. Vivid colors and they actually are easy to erase!!!
Great colors!!!
god combination of colors. good value for money compared to other products. Will buy again
"These chalk markers are perfect! I love that they have a reversible tip, the colors are vibrant, great quality, worth every penny!"
These markers are very colorful and work very well.  Great for all sorts of marketing boards and write on several surfaces.
So FUN!!!
Bright markers and easy clean up with water and soft cloth.
"These write GREAT!  They stay on much better than other brands I have used.  I use them to write student's names on their desks.  They write smoothly and do well after a few uses.  Some other brands have become streaky over multiple uses, these don't seem to have that problem."
Love them!
Never knew chalk markers existed until I came across these pens! I bought this to use for my little one's monthly pictures and they came out very clean in pictures. Easy to use and great quality.
"No problems, looking forward to some ideas in the Guide, Thank You."
"Work great, lots of colors"
"These take a little priming, as most markers like this do, but once they are going they write very well. I got them to use on a black dry erase board and they work better than any others that I have tried so far."
"Very easy to use and cleans off easier than expected!  If they would write the letters themselves, that would be even better :)"
"I use these awesome markers for making lists on my daughter's bathroom mirror, it's great to write her assignments that are due during the week, and her to do lists.  She also loves to use them for doodeling on the sliding glass door.  Clean up is so easy!  Love these markers!"
These are the BEST! They definitely leave a chalk finish and wipe off of the chalkboard so easily. Looking for an alternative to chalk? THIS IS IT!
"Wonderful markers. Love the double tips. I have 2 sets so that I don't have to switch them, which can get messy. Great coverage."
They work great!
My daughter LOVES these markers. It's just what she needed for a craft for her birthday party and they are perfect! Great and vibrant colors!
The first thing I like about these are that they wash off easily with water. There is no residue left. I also like that the tip can be flipped for chisel or round tip. The colors are vivid and bright.
These things are amazing! They write very smoothly and the colors are bold. I definitely recommend them
These are amazing!!!!! I love how we can use these without getting the messy chalk all over your hands. I use these for my Chalk labels. Our chalk painted fridge. Even our dry erase board. I try to think of fun new things for my kids to try out and they love these! Go Mom =)
"Wish they came with thicker tips for big block letters. Colors are nice, but it takes a LONG time to color in block letters and the tips keep drying out and have to be primed again and again and again because the dry tip drags the ink out of colored areas. I haven't used any other brand, so this might just be how this type of marker works.  Just know that you can't color in something solid, as all the little pen strokes show no matter how often you go over it. They look great on black paper or black chalk board contact paper."
These markers are just as I hoped they would be. The colors are vivid and erase thoroughly.
"These liquid chalks are great. I highly recommend testing them on your chalk board first and making sure it's easy to remove. I have 2 chalkboards and the liquid chalk was ONLY easy to remove on 1 of them =(. I had a really hard time removing the Liquid Chalk from the other, I tried everything and unfortunately you can still see the message on the board - I wasn't able to get it all off. Overall these liquid chalks are great - they look really pretty and bright and I love the different writing tip options you have with them - you can use the angled side of the tip or the edged side."
"Very vivid, sharp colors!!"
Worked well. Had to shake a bit to get them started. Looked great on the chalkboard.
These are very fun & very bright! They do need a moment to dry after using. Everyone that sees them keeps trying to take them from my house! :)
"Chalk that's permanent on chalkboard surface. So...not chalk? That seems like the definitive feature of chalk, no?"
They worked great and very vibrant.
"doesn't wipe off and we bought for stick on calendar, pretty much ruined and useless."
A little elbow grease required for erasing but still good
Love the fine lines of this and the pigmentation!
Great chalk markers! The colors are bright and I had no problem erasing as I needed. Very happy with this purchase and would purchase again in the future!
These are great!!
We use them on a black board in a restaurant and love the colors when we drew designs and food items.
They are great and work well.
These are awesome! Great color quality. My kids use them on the windows and they work great.
"The colors are fabulous.  They look great on the chalkboard.  However,  the are near impossible to get off the chalk board.  It is so frustrating.  We end up scrubbing forever to get them off and then they leave a ghost image under the new writing.  I bet they would be great on glass."
I love the chalk markers.
"These are great for the classroom.  The colors are vibrant and look great on a chalkboards.  I've also used them on windows.  Clean up takes a little elbow grease, but not a problem at all.  I'm actually happy with the way the liquid chalk stays on.

There is a bit of a ""learning curve"" to using liquid chalk.  The consistency can be a little drippy and your designs can look a little uneven until you get used to working with them.  Not a deal-breaker, thought."
Bought these for our menu board.  so goo I reordered.  Great product'
LOVEEEEEEEE!!!  Great vibrant color and cleans up great!
Happy with the product!
"I ordered these to create a message board for our university library.  We wanted to have a place where we could post inspirational messages and quotes for our students when they come in the door.  I got an old chalkboard from storage and dragged it to the main floor and got creative!  The colors are vibrant and beautiful.  You have to follow the directions which tell you to press down on the tip to release pressure then I gave each marker a shake and pressed the tip down on a piece of scrap paper until the color flowed into it.  The flow while writing isn't as smooth as I would have liked, so I had to go over some areas two or three times so the letters were opaque.  However, I was drawing on an ""up"" angle, so that may be the reason.  Also, I can imagine that if the liquid chalk was more flowy, it could be messy and you might lose precision/control.  In any case, the sign is a big hit and you can read it clearly from about 20 feet away!  The pack comes with two additional tips in a tiny plastic bag which is nice.  I do not know how well they erase yet as I didn't make any errors ;)  I did get a little on the laminate desk I was working near and it wiped right off with a wet paper towel so I imagine it won't be a problem but I'll update once we change the message."
Some work better than others.
These write very well and were easy to prime as well as erase!
"These colors are nice and bright, they have lots of ink and even come with extra nibs.
Very nice product."
Beautiful colors - easy to use.  First time that I've used this type of marker - wonderful product.
Very nice markers! So much fun!
Kids love!
"love these! Bright, don't easily smear, and the customer service was incredible. They immediately email to make sure you're happy w/ the purchase and will respond immediately if not. I really like them"
These are fantastic chalk markers!  My daughters use them to decorate or car windows for sporting event tailgating.  They work wonderfully and wash off clean.  Great product and I highly recommend!
They say they wipe clean - they didn't!! Item wasn't porous. Regular chalk board. I tried it on a few items & didn't wipe off. Ruined an $89 sidewalk chalkboard I bought at hobby lobby!! Furious!!
"Really great, work well on magnetic chalk board. Just a little hard to close the lids so my son leaves them open. Great colors and fun to draw with."
"Although I have only used these a few times since purchasing a while ago, I really like their color and quality. They are extremely easy to use and to clean up. I've most recently used them on my homeschool chalkboard to set it up for our letters and numbers of the week. My daughter loves all the bright colors. She uses regular stick chalk to practice on the lines drawn with CraftyCroc chalk markers. The liquid chalk stays very well even after erasing her stick chalk with a board eraser. I occasionally touch it up where it comes off. I have erased all of it once with a damp cloth to draw new colors of lines for her and it came off just fine. I can see myself using these for decorative purposes too when I have the time. Great quality product! (The only tip would be to shake very well with the lid on to prime them prior to using the first time. I even manually pumped the marker tip up and down a few times to get the ink flowing. I like how they sent a few extra tips too in the package!)"
Markers came quickly.  First time using these.  Helped me to be more creative. Will order again.
I love using these to draw and write on my windows.
These permanently stained my chalkboad
"Love these! I purchased them to use on a chalkboard and they work really well. The colors are vibrant and a dual tip is useful. They wipe clean with a damp cloth after the paint/ink has dried, and any residue is easily cleaned up with a clean damp cloth. Glad I purchased and if I ever run out I will purchase again!"
"Wow, these are amazing! The colors are so vibrant! These are not wet, not messing, not runny. I have used them on glass jars and I also use them on my chalkboard wall. I love the variety of colors. I wish I had more crafts to do because I want to use them more. They wipe off glass with my finger, so if you want it to stay, I would suggest putting clear tape over your words or use a clear acrylic spray. I was concerned it would not clean up easily off my chalkboard wall, but it's easy. It does not wipe off completely with my finger, but it does smudge it. If you are worried about it wiping off accidentally, it won't come completely off. Water clean up is perfect. These are fantastic."
These are pretty good.
"Never used liquid chalk before, the colours are great and I cannot wait to get some creative advertising done on my board.  Thye colours are bright and bold and I would buy again."
"Used the markers to make signs for a recent party!  Looked great!  Also used the markers for a sidewalk sign, looks so much better than regular chalk!"
Fast shipping and great price!
Love these markers!!  I've used them on everything and haven't been disappointed.  They cleaned up beautifully on all non-porous surfaces I've tried them on.  A really fun product!
"Great chalk markers.  They do take a minute or so to ""warm"" up, but that's not a complaint per se - it likely means they'll last longer!
Tip - press down on a spare piece of paper a few times -- you'll start to notice the tip changing from white to the color it's supposed to.  At that point, it's time to go write!  We have a few chalk boards around the house - some chalk board paint, some actual boards - and this works flawlessly on both!  Takes a wet paper towel or cloth to wipe off, and you have a blank slate to start with!!

Great base colors - expansion pack of&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Crafty-Croc-Liquid-Chalk-Markers-10-Pack-Earth-Colored-Ink-Pens/dp/B011KQVRAY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Crafty Croc Liquid Chalk Markers, 10 Pack Earth Colored Ink Pens</a>&nbsp;is a great addition!"
Love my chalks
Love these chalk markers! The colors are bright and vivid. They write smoothly and are better than regular chalk because you can use them on just about any surface. Plus it won't wipe off unless you use a wet sponge- so you don't have to worry about someone wiping or smudging it.
Great product.  Good price with coupon.
That work great! Better thank I was expecting. And they write on practically everything non-porous without problem.
love the color choice! fast shipping
Outstanding!
Great
"Bright and Colorful, but hard to remove from a chalkboard!"
I  them!!!
"Fantastically brilliant colors, love them!"
Easy to use and so much nicer then trying to use chalk - these are a necessity for my art classroom! I use it for decorating the windows and for keeping the whiteboards interesting and engaging.
"I'm obsessed with chalk markers. I do a lot of chalkboards for my business and these markets are absolutely fantastic. They colors are bright, they're not too liquidy were they run when you write with them, and they are super easy to use. I would definitely recommend these markers to others."
"We received our markers quickly and they are brightly saturated with color!
We have not had them long enough to comment on how long or well they will last, as we have only had them one week."
Love these chalk markers!
Bought the markers for my wife.  She loves the reversible tips and how smoothly it writes.
Love this product - great price for great quality.  It was shipped very quickly.  There is a great variety of colors and the tips are two sided!  I would buy these again!
Love it!
Works great and writes smooth! Would buy again!
These are great chalk markers. I used them for the calendar board at school and the colors are bright and vibrant.
"I have tried a couple other brands, but the CraftyCroc brand is hands-down the best! They start quickly and cover beautifully. Not to mention, it's a great price for the color assortment!"
Everything about these markers are wonderful!
Colors appear very well on chalkboards - will buy again when present one run out.
These are great for projects!
I love these Markers!!! They are all I wanted and more!!
I will use these two color with my grandchildren. They will love the vivid colors and the two types of ends on the chalk. I have three small chalkboards so we all draw and compare.
Overall the markers worked good.  Here is the problem.  Don't expect them what you write to come off a chalkboard.  I tested a small area on my chalkboard as suggested and left it over night.  Seemed to come off just fine.  I used it as a sign for an party and the writing was left on for about 2 days.  It would NOT come completely off!
Love these markers! Just received my second set and can't wait to order more.  I want them all!!!!
Love these vibrant colored markers! The Crafty Croc customer service is 5 star for sure!
These markers are fantastic!  We use a glass door in our family room to write on and draw pictures!  My kids love them and so do I.
"Awesome markers!  They did a great job on the back to school chalk board I made for my son.  I have not tried to erase the board yet as school doesn't start until next week, but even if it doesn't erase they were great for the reason I purchased them.  Can't wait to use these on other products."
Great markers!!
"I love the colors, but the tips split easily. Which makes them harder to write with. But I really do love the colors and the way they look on the boards."
"I love these markers! They work perfectly on my dry erase calender. They wipe off easily, but not so easy that I Cant write on the board without wiping the marker off with my hand"
"Markers worked great for 2 uses, then the liquid got watery and washed out.  I tried changing the tips, storing them on their side, storing them upside down, storing them right side up, all to no avail.  A couple of them would never write again after the initial use.  Very disappointed."
Work's great :)
Wonderful! Better than expected!
"Disappointed that 3 of the chalkmarkers (blue, green and brown) will not load ink even after following the directions and even after reversing the tip :("
"I got these to use on my ""first day of school"" chalkboard and they work perfectly!"
"Arrived on time, can't wait to use them!"
"What can I say great product, arrived on time and excellent communication from the seller 10 stars from me."
Thank you! They are awesome!
They are awesome and did the trick with my new fingerprint stencil for business!
I can't wait to use these for future crafts! I think I see chalkboard paint in our playroom's future :)
These markers are amazing!  Their colors are so vibrant and they write great!
the only markers i use in my business! the color is very bright for signs and the markers are a good price and quality!
Good quality and colors. Received a few days ago and doodled on a chalkboard. Have not cleaned off yet.
These markers are fantastic! I bought them for my classroom and they are super bright and are easy to use. They are definitely worth the price!
"Great markers, draws easy and easy to get started!  These will be great for my classroom this fall!  I am excited to see what else I can create with these!"
"Well they were great when I first used them! Now they barely flow out, it's thick and chunky and I can't get a solid chalk line. For me they were almost a one time use product. Disappointed. And I should add, once you go to take them off they leave chalk residue stained to my chalkboard."
"Works great,  fast shipping!!!"
"I wanted to love these markers especially as a teacher so I could use them in my class. But after using them for just a couple weeks for little writing on a staff board, I must say they aren't worth the money. The reversible tips while cool in theory aren't very practical as you get the stuff all over your hands. Not to mention, the chiseled side would quickly get out of shape. I will continue the search for the perfect chalk markers."
"I really like the dual tips of these  markers!  Great color variety, too!"
"These chalk markers work great. I have used them several different boards and they looked amazing each time. Great product, definitely recommend"
"Love these chalk markers! great price, prompt delivery, highly recommend!"
"These markers are amazing! Vibrant colors, wrote smoothly, didn't run and dried quickly. They also easily wiped off my chalk board and did not stain. I would definitely recommend!"
"Great Markers! My 9yr daughter loves them so much I may have to buy another

And at $5 promo.....who could beat that!"
Love these markers! Color is vibrant and they write well! They can be used on multiple surfaces and the price was great! I would definitely recommend them!
"Works great, they are really bright and vibrant. I made a blackboard with wood and the markers did not come off so easy. However tats my own fault because I did not prime it first. They suprised me with a follow up email and a free e-book!!! I would definitly recommend purchasing through these guys. Great product and a great company."
I love my new chalk markers! I use them for classroom and home management. They're so much better than dry erase because little hands can't wipe them off unless I'm ready to change the message. Delivery was speedy and sooner than expected.
"These markers are so much better than the other chalk markers we tried. There is no comparison.  They are bright and vibrant, and really give you that ""pop"" that chalk cannot. They also wipe off effortlessly,  with just a little water on a paper towel.  Would definitely recommend,  and purchase again."
Fast shipping! Can't wait to use.
"These markets are perfect! I gave you hem to my daughters. They are drawing everywhere! On my mirrors, windows and even in their drawing books. The markers were super easy to clean up. The tips are still in great shape and trust me they really abused them! I would highly recommended these!"
"The Crafty Croc Chalk Markers were delivered on time, in perfect condition. They're easy to use, the markers write smoothly, & the colors are vibrant. I like that we are given extra marker tips to use, for when the original tips wear out.  Will purchase again if on sale, as the regular price is a little high."
"It is so easy to use and is a breeze to wipe away! I got my markers yesterday and the kids are on their second hour of writing on our sliding glass door. Chalk markers, a bucket of water and 2 sponges and they are having the time of their lives!
Update: still loving them! We recently moved and they have been a fun cheap way to decorate for the holidays."
Have not used yet but I have used the white ones which work great
"I absolutely love these chalk markers! I'm a teacher, and these will be my best friend all year!"
"Item came quicker than expected. Easy to use product, vibrant colors!"
I bought these to write on my classroom chalkboard.  They don't work well on dark chalkboards without a white background marker being used first.  This was disappointing.
The kids love the markers!!
These liquid chalk markers are amazing!  I  able to brighten small easels I'm my classroom with a pop of color while instructing new topics.  I even use them for my homework board and they are so easy to clean!!
This is the only brand to use for chalk markers. I've wasted money on other brands due to poor quality of product. Crafty Croc is the way to go. The colors are bright and bold. always test the marker on a small space first and be aware that they are not intended for porous surfaces.
Exceeded my expectations. Very good quality
Love Crafty Croc Markers
Bought these for my daughter's birthday. We used them on glass mason jars to decorate them for her party. We cut flowers from our garden and displayed decorated jars. She received many compliments! Such an awesome product!
these markers don't last very long. we use them for our restaurant window menu and i've had better luck with another brand. don't waste your time with these.
"I purchased these liquid chalk markers with the intent to use them on a family chalk board calendar, but after receiving them, I'm inspired to use them for many other uses as well.  The writing is smooth and the colors are vibrant.  There is an additional tip included as well.  The possibilities are endless given that each marker has a reversible tip: one end is rounded and the other is a chisel."
I love the variety of colors that came in this pack. I plan on using them in my elementary classroom this fall and so far they are perfect!  The price is great for the amount that you get.
Great chalkboard wall markers. We use magic eraser to get it off.
Love my markers! Great addition to my craft supplies!
"LOVE THESE!  My kids used them on car windows for swim team spirit this weekend and they are vibrant and so easy to clean off. We are so thrilled with this product and would buy it again and again.  The kids were able to draw detailed pictures with no mess on the car, easy wipe off with paper towels and they look so clear and loud!  THANK YOU!"
Love them
These markers are just what I was looking for!  I tried to make my own chalk paint and it worked great on the driveway but I could not get it to work for writing on a board!  I can use these for many things but I love to leave notes for my kids as little surprises and these will give it a special look!  I can also customize my notes for each kid by their favorite color!
They came quick. The markers worked well for a craft project on a chalkboard.
Fun time with this good quality product. Colors are just amazing.
Awesome markers!  Great deal!  My kids love to use these on their easel.  No chalk dust!
"Fun colors, work great on my A-frame sign!"
Vibrant colors!  Smooth writing!  Really cool chalk markers 
"Works great on the items listed, just read before you buy. The colors are brite easy to use. I used it on a window in my house looked nice came off with ease."
Very bold colors. Easy to use
Arrived when it said it would. So far I'm impressed with the quality.  :-)
"I'm so glad I bought this, it definitely stands out more than regular chalk paint. I give it four stars because I don't like the fact that I have to keep shaking the pens in order to get the ink out."
Very colorful!! Writes smooth and easy to use.
These are great. They are easy to use and provide bright and bold colors. We have only used them on our chalkboard but are looking forward to trying all the other surfaces that they recommend. We have tried other chalk markers and they don't work as nearly as good as these ones do. We are incredibly happy with this purchase.
Vibrant color
Work so nicely! Absolutely the best and boldest of any chalk or whiteboard markers ever.
I was really excited waiting for these in the mail! I love them! The colors are bright and write beautifully! I am using these markers for my kids back to school sign photos.  I'm also a PTA officer and will be using these markers to display our board at our meetings. I'm sure it will be eye catching!
Good product. They do the job.
"Absolutely awful.  The tips shredded with only moderate use, the liquid very rarely flows evenly, some of the colors barely show up even though I've really shaken them.  The white one worked well for a few uses, other than that they have done nothing but frustrate me.  The only good thing is that when they occasionally worked, the color was very bright and nice."
"I chalk board painted my fridge and these work on it, but you do need to be careful at first when the markers are sharp. It took off a little bit of the paint before I knew."
"Love these pens! I was hesitant on buying these because I was skeptical they would work on my chalk board labels. The pen I received with my labels was dry and I wanted colored pens. These work wonderfully! I even use them on my chalkboard paper my husband got for me at Home Depot. They did not work in a board I bought. I think it's because the board had been painted over with chalkboard paint. When I wiped a test spot off, the spot was still there, but the paint had come off. My girls now use that board with regular chalk and it works well. Always test spot the place you'll be using the markers on first."
Perfect for the project I'm working on
"I was in no way compensated for this review.
These CraftyCroc liquid chalk markers are amazing! I'm excited to have something so colorful that my kids and I can both use! I like the chiseled tip for writing and the kids like the rounded tip for drawing. The colors are bright and vibrant! I know that we are going to get a TON of use out of them!"
Quick delivery and arrived undamaged.  I just received them a few days ago so I haven't used them much but I received an e-mail with usage suggestions and will try some out this weekend and report back.
I really love writing with this stuff. Vivid colors and really goes on smooth with full coverage. I used this on write on wipe off board and was very easy to write on and wipe off. Of course I didn't leave it on for long so I don't know if it would be hard to come off then but I truly love these.
"best I've used thus far. good coverage. I swear they try and cheat you with that black marker, it's definitely useless in most applications"
"The colors are awesome, and the markers work well!"
Great markers!!!!
Worked well for what I needed. Carpoolchella (:
Shipping was very fast and I can't wait to use them for my wedding in 3 months and also for all my classroom decor!!  Great deal!!
"I bought these markers to use on a sandwich board for a book signing event.  I LOVED them!  The colors were very bright against the black background - the bright colors almost have a neon-sign look to them (we used the pink and green for lettering). The tips of the pens can be used to make wide lines or thin lines- which worked perfectly for artist who did additional artwork on my sign.  The artist (my daughter) also highly recommends these markers - she said she loved the way the liquid flowed so easily from them, as opposed to other liquid chalk markers she has used.  If you want really vivid markers so your customers don't miss your signs, I would highly recommend these!"
"Once primed very easy smooth to right with, well pigmented and seem durable.  I received these as a gift and have had great fun drawing with them!
I like to write motivating statements on my mirror with these, they're perfect for that and it's wonderful to have all the extra colors to make it more personal!"
On time arrival. Nice tips on the markers. Worked well.
"I purchased these to make my own ""first day/last day of school"" sogns for my son.  Used these on his chalkboard and it worked out perfectly!  The colors are so bright and vibrant, with an amazing chalky finish.  And also really easy to clean - my son got some on his hands and it came right off with water!"
Works great
my kids loove it
These markers are awesome for doodlers and artists alike.  We used them at a family gathering with the chalkboard tablecloths and everyone had fun with them. Just remember to shake well first! Vendor was quick to deliver them.
The package came as expected and on time.  These are to be used for a grandchild's project so we haven't tried them yet!
They leaked when trying to write anything and would make a mess. Wipes off good but to messy for really detailed information.
"Very bright, very vibrant colors.  I did pay full price for these items.  I want readers to know that.  I am seeing a lot of people on here who are saying that they are not pleased.  Their argument is that the marker is staining their chalkboards..  This is because the chalkboards are porous.  The problem lies in the chalkboard not in these markers.  I was very very very please with the markers.  I tested them on a generic chalkboard that I had purchased from a dollar store.  It did stain the item.  I them tested them on a self made chalkboard, which i had primed with latex primer prior to painting with chalkboard paint.  The markers DID NOT stain my self made chalkboards.  I am pleased with these markers, albeit they are a little expensive.  But, I am happy with the purchase."
Pretty cool. :)
great
They are exactly what we needed. Work perfect!
These markers are very bright and I'm very impressed. I used baby wipes to take get them off the chalk board and it took a couple of them each time.
"Just what I needed, thank you!"
"My daughter loves these. Our windows are decorated now with her art work, and they erase simply and easily!"
These were great for the first few uses then half of them stopped working or the quality because such that there no way to use them.  I bought some from Micheal's that work great.
Love these! Use them to write on glass and the colors are so bold and vibrant!
"The colors are vibrant. Also I only needed to prime the markers two or three times. I will say that the tips are not the greatest quality (priming caused some splitting), overall though it is a good product"
no problems.... liquid chalk is great !!!
These work very well and are easy to use.  Great variety of colors. I was happy with the purchase.
Great product...
I ended up giving these away because I found them frustrating to use.
love the colors and the fact you can use a broad stroke or a think stroke...
"super quick! My apologies for the late response, but yes I got them and they are FANTASTIC!"
"No issues with these, they work as advertised and I love that each one has a double sided tip so we can use either one. Added bonus was a few extra tips that can replace any that get damaged!"
Very nice
"These are pretty decent overall. When I first used them, I was blown away. They're vibrant, solid, silky. It's so smooth and nice to write with, and they have reversible nibs! The color stays on very vibrant. And, once it dries, isn't super smudgable.

But, then, when I went to use them the next day I found myself disappointed. The color was runny, like there was too much water in it. So it drew smeared, with vibrant color only appearing on the outline of the letters. I believe this caused by letting them sit for too long without letting the chalk run to the nib. Or maybe you're supposed to refresh the nib each time by pumping it and holding it down upside-down. I'm not too sure. I wasn't expecting it to do that and even shaking the pen didn't have a fixable effect.

That said, these are really great and vibrant. You get a good variety of color. I just suggest either storing them upside-down or giving them a good refreshing before every use to ensure you continue to write smoothly."
"Love these, will be again and different colors!!!"
Does write as clean of a line as others I have owned
"Not smooth, doesn't erase easily. Haven't found one I like yet."
easy to clean and fun for the kids!
I purchased these with my Chalkboard wall decal for the refrigerator.  I am quite impressed and love using them. They are easy to wipe off with a towel and water.
Great chalk markers that write really smoothly with great pigmentation
Markers came without the purple marker and an extra pink instead. The markers don't work very well on the chalkboard. Not impressed and will not buy them again.
Fast delivery and works well
They are awesome!
One of the markers quit working - ran out of liquid chalk on first use.  Liquid doesn't seem to flow very well.
Worked perfectly on my new beer tap handles!
Good product my kids love it.  They already have smooshed tips because they love making dots....
Love them!
So fun to use and great vibrant colors
The colors are vibrant! I used it on a black poster paper and I love the results.
"These write BEAUTIFULLY on glass.  I purchased frames to make signs for doors and I can switch out whatever picture and/or sign I want on the inside and then write on the glass with chalk markers, and hang with 3M velcro-like strips.  I use them as Welcome signs on our guest bedrooms and then write the occupants names on them."
Works on mirrors:)
Simply...love it!!!!!
"These are awesome! Especially for the $5 I paid for them (I think there was a deal I found on facebook) Very colorful and bold, works great on windows. I haven't tried to wipe it off yet, though. Not sure how effective cleanup is."
Received them super fast and excellent quality!!
"They are super cute, but they ran a little small so I'll need to return them and hope to find the next size up. I wear a 9 and they were pretty tight."
They write very well. I also like that you can turn the tips around so you can write two different ways.
"The colors are bright and beautiful.  My 11 year old is spending lots of time doodling, drawing, and writing on our chalkboard wall.  They do erase completely, though it takes a little ""elbow grease"" if the chalk has been left on the wall for more than 12 hours.  I'm having fun with them, too!"
Awesome quality and I love that they come with extra tips (and the tips are reversible!).
Excellent product!  Will purchase again.
"Once you agitate it so much until your arm is tired, they work fine.  However or mines came dry of ink. Or you have to shack them for a long time"
colors are crisp and clean. Little messy changing tips. but will buy again
"These markers are AWESOME!! I didn't expect them to work on a chalkboard as advertised, but they did! They erase so easily too with a wet rag and the chalkboard looks like new again!! LOVE!"
These are wonderful! Love how much fun they are!
"easy cleanup, tips changeable."
Great colors that wipe off easily with a wet cloth and not with a dry cloth.
"These write great and are bright colored, nice selection!  Would buy again!"
"These chalk markers come in great colors but they wipe off very easily, our sign boards are low enough for children to wipe off - not ideal for our use but a really great product"
One of the chalks was broken and busted all over! But it's cool. Love the bright colors.
These markers are terrific.  Even the kid who hates anything crafty will like these because they are unusual and the colors are so vivid.  Thanks for the discount incentive.  Will be buying these for birthday presents for the younger set.
Great item...purchased for a gift for my niece and she is enjoying using them on her chalk wall in her bedroom.
Crafty and creative!  We got these for a Science Fair project and they didn't disappoint!  They are actually erasable which is an even nicer feature.  They write smoothly and the colors show up fairly well.  The company reached out personally after I received them to offer their support if I had any questions.  It was not a chain mail.  It was a real person.  I responded and received a personal response back. It's good to see a company that still believes in their product.  I will buy from them again.
Fun fun fun !!!!! Took it to work to decorate office window and wow it was awesome.  Everybody loved the bright colors and how easy it was. Recommend for all who love to be an artist now and then.
"We got new chalk board and the markers in the set, I usually don't write reviews but please BE CAREFUL It ruined completely chalk with very first use. This is also difficult to remove from the clothing if kid get dirty what a waste of money."
These are very unique - cool texture and colors. I like that we can use them on our white board.
Good stuff!
These have worked really well on my classroom windows. I bought them because I have a lack of wall space due to a wall of windows. I use these for my word and concept wall. My kids are enjoying them as am I.
I'm really happy with my chalk markers thank you for the product and for the customer service
I don't feel like the colors show up very well when using these. I wanted something much more bold that would really stand out. Total waste of money for me.
My kids are drawing on all of our mirrors and windows now.  Love these things!
Did not wipe off my chalk board.
I love these chalk markers!  They are so vibrant on my magnetic chalkboard calendar & wipe off so easily with a moist paper towel.  The tips easily allow you to choose the style/size of your writing/drawing.  Store them in a horizontal position & shake 'em up before each use...pretty simple!  Very happy with this purchase & would recommend to others.
"Some of the markers were ""wetter"" than the others and made coloring in a background shape easier than the ones that were more streaky and didn't allow me to do what I wanted to do. Perhaps it was an older box that was sitting on a shelf. Regardless, I needed to use them right away for a project and did the best I could with what I was sent.

I'm tough on markers. Wish there were more extra thick and thin nibs than the couple that came with this box of markers."
a great Easter gift for my grandchildren who enjoyed using  them on chalkboard placemats and on their skin too. It washes off easily and looks neon bright on black.; a super toy.
fast ship; great markers
Amazing product. Worth its weight in gold. Writes in bright and bold colors with no streaks (if prepped correctly). Just keep a bottle of water and a cleaning cloth nearby to clean the boards after use. They are great in my classroom.
My order was delivered as promised and the markers are great. I would definitely recommend this vendor.
"These chalk markers go on smooth and come off easily. Much nicer than the set I got at the craft store and cheaper per marker- even compared to the coupon price at the craft store. I have used them on the side of a black ikea shelf, a metal filing cabinet and glass."
"This is not a bad product but Amazon showed to buy it with the Krylon Chalk board paint so I bought it together. It does NOT work with or on a chalk board. I only works on solid, non porous surfaces."
Markers are bright
"Both sides are to thick, I would like to have a side that works for finer lines"
"I like these markers, however I feel that some of them are brighter than others. I find the blue and white do not erase as thoroughly as the other colors."
"We have a large painted chalkboard in our classroom.  As it's painted onto drywall, it's obviously not a mirror smooth surface.  There is a warning on the box about testing first, and we did.  On our board, if we wipe it clean within a few hours it comes right off.  I left a small doodle up for a few days and had a hard time scrubbing it off. The colors are vibrant and they write very cleanly.  We love them but we always make sure not to leave them for an extended time."
Great product and worked better than imagined. Very easy to follow directions and not messy.
I got these at a great price and thought they would be a great gift for my daughter but after getting them I realized that they may be permanent on clothes so I did not give them to her.  However I did use them with her and we decorated our front glass door for my other daughter's birthday and they worked tremendously well .  I thought it would be a problem when my daughter brushed her coat sleeve against the door and various colors of marker were all over her sleeve .  I thought her jacket was ruined but I just used dishwashing soap and water and it came right out of her jacket I have not tried it on other clothes however . But I am not worried about her getting it on her clothes anymore and she uses it on car windows and throughout the house on various windows.  The other thing it works well on is white boards in place of dry erase markers.  However they warned that it may become permanent on the surfaces but I have not had a problem .
perfect!
I love these! Made a 1st birthday board for my son and it turned out great!!
These chalk are very smooth and the colors are lovely
Great product-worked fantastically on my front window!  Delivered very quickly in great condition.  Thanks!
"It bled a lot, doesn't look like chalk.... Couldn't erase it"
"These markers are amazing!! So easy to use, colors are vibrant and clean up is easy. Love them!!"
Awesome product!
Great fun! Good quality markers that work very well!
As advertised.  I have really enjoyed them.
"These markers are perfect!  Bright, clear colors and I love the interchangeable tips!  Great price and they are exactly what I ordered."
Okay!
Great!  Love them!
"The markers are fun.  I like the bright colors.  The tips come out and can be rotated to be either a round or chisel tip, and the set came with two extra tips.  Nice!"
Great markers at a GREAT price!
I purchased these for my husband to use on the menu board at work....he is very pleased with them. The colors are eye-catching and the excellent instructional e-mail made their use very easy. The company provides ideas and great tips. Will purchase again! Thank you Crafty Croc!
Awesome!
Bright colors and they are fun!!
"These are awesome.  The pens write really smooth like a dry erase pen would and so far have easily wiped clean from the surfaces I've tried them on.  It did have to use a little water to get the writing off of my super old school chalkboard but even regular chalk takes some elbow grease to get off of my board.  I used them to write on a window and the color stayed vibrant for days and easily wiped away.  I love the assortment of colors too!  Great pens, will likely buy more."
Awesome product!
"These are great window chalks! I love that they are fine point. The colors are great-the last few I have tried are not true colors, I.e. the reds were always pinkish...not the case here. I tested them on my microwave and They were awesome. They go on cleanly and come of with a little water and a paper towel. I don't know if they have wide top but I am hoping because I will buy some more!"
Love these markers!
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THESE CHALK MARKERS. THEY ARE SO RICH IN COLOR AND EASY TO USE! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!"
"These were a little tricky to get going, and then some of them wrote really well and bright, and some of them wrote dull and faded. To make the color brighter you have to let it dry completely, and then go over it again and again. These were also very difficult to wipe off and erase and left stains on the chalkboard."
I love these markers!! they are exactly what I was looking for:)
Great product & quick service.
"We just got these to use on our white (black) board calendar from Tailor Made. We had another brand and they just didn't work that well. These are *great.* All three of my kids had a blast trying them out, and they're thrilled  that they have more color choices now. I love that they have reversible chisel tips and round tips (though changing them after you've primed the nib is a bit messy). I also received an email from the company that gives lots of great ideas for how to use them, but I don't think I will share with my children that they work well on windows. We have window markers already and I'd prefer to keep these handy for when we need them for the actual purpose they were purchased! :-)"
Too bad I can not give zero stars. I wanted something that primed quicker than my super chalks.....well these prime quick but they also seem to scratch the chalkboard walley and now I have to buy new walleys.  Sometimes it won't scratch and sometimes it will.  I have tried immediate removal and still see scratches so it is not the duration.  Arggg.......so mad that I now have to redo my entire wall with new walleys.  Avoid...avoid....avoid
"The best chalk markers on the market.  Easy to use, bright and bold colors.  The perfect gift for chalkboard lovers."
"My daughter and I love these markers. They are easy to use and look just like chalk.  We have used them on all kinds of surfaces to see if they would work. We have not had any issues. They work on plastic,  a mirror, paper, and a chalk board. Easily removed with a wet paper towel."
Love them!
These markers work great! I used them on paper and glass. Very vibrant!
"Just as described! Work great! Colors are vibrant, would buy again!"
Great colors! Can't wait to use them for name tags on desks. They won't wash off until you wipe the desks with water.
Great product- great service!
I love these makers! I teach kindergarten so I get to use them in very creative ways. They arrived as expected.
These markers are AWESOME. The colors are bright. Works great on my chalkboard paint wall and my dry erase board. Highly recommend to anyone.
Just what I wanted!
Great set of markers! The width is just right for large signs.
Liked it but it did not work for what i needed it for
"I bought this set to use on a chalk board display I keep in front of my house, and change monthly. I was impressed with the colors and ease of use. I'd highly recommend these to anyone :)"
I really like the colors it feels like you are holding a marker.  It does take a little patience and time to get the color flowing at first. The only thing I really don't like is how the caps fit. If you don't get it lined up just right the cap will not snap into place but worse it will slice the tip of your marker!  Now you have a leaking tip. It's already happened twice to us.
Nice bright colors.  Works good in art journals with a little fixative applied.
Very cool!
Super excited to use these markers!
"These chalk markers are beautiful and vibrant! So much fun to use and they easily wipe off. I love that they are no-toxic and water based since I have small children. I would absolutely recommend these to a friend or anyone who is even slightly creative. There are so many uses for these markers, picture frames, chalkboards, glass jars, mirrors and more. Make sure to shake and then press the tip until you see it flood with color before the first use.

I was given this product at a reduced price in order to provide my honest and unbiased opinion."
My wife and 5 year old love these Crafty Croc chalk markers. Since I bought them they are all my 5 year old uses to color with and my wife can't help but creating some cool stuff with them either. Highly recommended!
"Had I not gotten a coupon for these markers, I'm not sure that I would have ever tried them.  However, now that I have them I love them.  The colors are bright.  The markers are easy to use.  They cover very well and they look nice once the color has dried."
I love how bright the colors are.  These are great markers to use in my classroom.
"I'm a teacher and a marker hoard and these are fantastic. For $5 I am totally happy with my purchase. So far I have only used them on black foam-core and they stand out nicely. Previously I used metallic markers for a chalk-board look, but these show up much more boldly against the black. I did watch a brief little tutorial/product review and like the tip about the marker tips being removable and reversible. That's awesome."
love that these work on windows!
"Math teacher here in CA. I tried these on my chalkboards in my classroom and they don't stain. So that is awesome. 5 stars for the brightness and less hassle than chalk dust everywhere. But I marked it down because it is just not that great to be using consistently. For example: I will write about 3 to 5 characters (numbers or letters) then I need to recap it and shake it, then I can write 3-5 more characters (not words).  Then the process of writing a complete sentence would take about 20 minutes !  So I only use it to write  semi permanent things on my chalkboard. For example something I want up on the board for more than one day. If some genius company can figure out how to make it actually work as quickly as a piece of chalk without having to reload I would be in heaven."
"Bright!  Good quality.  I use on windows and y black eraser board. The colors are intense and have caputured the attention of my students.  These would work great at restaurants, too, for the black boards for menu items, etc.  I will worder more colors!"
"These are one of the most amazing crafty things I've ever purchased. They write in strong, bold lines, are easy to make great detail, and they work on chalk and glass, which are the two things I use them on the most. I'm so impressed with how great these are."
"Bought this to use it with a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Con-Tact-Brand-Self-Adhesive-Multi-Purpose-Chalkboard-Liner-18-Inches-by-6-Feet/dp/B000KKMO90/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Con-Tact Brand Self-Adhesive Multi-Purpose Chalkboard Liner, 18-Inches by 6-Feet</a>for my weekly food planning. The colors make it fun to draw on the chalkboard. You will need to shake to get the liquid out (same concept with other markers), but the effect was amazing. I am not a painter nor an artist, but for those who draw, this will definitely be a fun art project to use with."
"I really enjoyed getting these markers and have already found a few different ways to use them.  A family member has dementia and I used these bright markers to write on painted surfaces to provide directions.  In the hall closet, there are words written for hat, gloves, scarf as a reminder of where to find the items and where to put them away.  When winter is done, the Crafty Croc chalk marker words will easily wipe away to be replaced with spring weather words.  The occupational therapist that works with this person asked where to get a set, as they were so helpful because of the wide line and super bright colors.
Thanks, Crafty Croc, for making these amazing writing tools."
"Some of the markers don't release the liquid evenly and the tips are easy to smash if you press too hard. Otherwise, they colors are great and are really vibrant on a black board. I used them on an older white board and were not easy to erase. I would not use on an erasable white board."
"I am addicted to these for labeling my jars with chalkboard labels on them. They don't smear and look awesome! The only problem I had is when I used them directly on glass. They did smear. Lots of fun, though for crafty projects!"
"These markers are great. As a high school English teacher who has all chalk boards in my room, I was thrilled to get these! I'm a leftie and writing with regular chalk is really hard. It smears all over and leaves tons of dust. It isn't a good set up for me. These markers are perfect!"
Pretty fun chalk markers. Drew nicely on the chalkboard and colors are nice and vibrant. Cleans off easily and would buy it again.
"They worked great the first few times I used them, but after about 6 times they became very thin and translucent. For the amount they cost, you'd yhink they'd last longer. Save your money and buy a different brand."
Love this product! It works very well and isn't dusty at all.
"I would love to give this product five stars, but...
While they write beautifully and the colors are quite vibrant, especially  on black paper, the lids destroy the tips almost as soon as you try to put them back on. I'm  not kidding, inside each lid is a raised round ring and if you do not align the markers perfectly the sharp edged ring will split the tip and tear it apart. Even with knowing that after the first use, we still have eight out of ten mostly useless markers."
NO discount received for my review!  I bought these for home use and we liked them so much that we bought another box to give to my son's teacher.  Great chalk markers at a reasonable price.  Colors looked great and pleased with the quality!
"I am an amateur at using liquid chalk, but the results for my first-time use was amazing.  I wanted to label some storage boxes that were being used to contain CDs and DVDs for a bookstore, and the colors added an eye-catching appeal.  Even with the initial mistake of not spacing the lettering correctly, I was able to neatly wipe away the chalk and correct my mistake.  This is an excellent product and I will be purchasing more in the future."
Cant wait to use these!!
"We use a lot of chalk markers.  Just for fun, not for professional or business use.  I like these just as well as any other brands I've tried.  I haven't had a specific brand ""stand out"" as of yet, so I purchase what is priced the least at the time.  I would buy these again as long as the price was consistent with other brand prices."
"These were so beautiful when I got them. But they are not kidding when they said you need to test them. I did. A few colors stained my chalkboard. So I used those sparingly. But now a year or so later I had to re-write my kids chore chart and when I tried to wash them off every single color had totally stained my chalk boards. Totally. You can clearly read what was there before. It ruined my expensive Container store chalkboards into a one-time use board. I am really bummed because I bought the cute square boards and bright chalk to look pretty. Re-writing on to of this will look far from pretty.

Look at the photos. You'll see the top of the original board in bright color, then under it (labeled Evening) what it looks like after washing with water and rubbing off with my hand. The second picture, is what it looks like after washing with dishsoap and water. Slightly better but still terrible."
Not easy for little kids to use. Otherwise nice and bright
Love the colors and the benefit to write on basically any surface; not to mention easy cleaning.  Shipment is quick and Customer service is awesome.  They even email tips & inspirational ideas to you so you can fully utilize these markers.  You don't get good customer service all the time nowadays;  you will definitely feel pampered buying from CraftyCroc.  :-)
"Love these markers!!!  Bright colors, easy to use, wipes off easy. Would buy them again."
awesome markers!
"This is the first time I've used liquid chalk markers, and I LOVE them!  Thank you!"
Fantastic and works really well on my white board!
"love these - work great on the big chalkboard I have in the kitchen - calendar, grocery list, to do list and holiday decorating"
These markers are great! I bought them for projects with my ' Kidz Peace Team ' but as soon as I started testing them I was hooked. I started doodling on everything. I even did some doodling on an old pair of Timberlands! I love the boldness of the colors... I am definitely going to order more. A collection for me and some for the Kidz Peace Team....lol!!! The shipping was very fast too... I can't wait to master these markers!!!
"I love these so much I am considering painting all my walls with chalkboard paint just so I can write and draw everywhere with these. The color is vibrant, thick, and wonderful. You can flip the tips (which is a little messy if you're not careful) so you can use a thicker rounded tip, or a finer point chisel tip. I love these!"
"I automatically thought they were waterproof, they are not.  I put them on cup and the names melted off."
Bright colors but not for everyday chalking use. It is hard to clean and they are hard to get started.
these are awesome!!
these are nice to use but couldn't let the 3 year olds (daycare )use they wanted to just hold them down on the paper then we had nice puddles of liquid chalk the older 6 & 9 year old kids did great with  them .I had bought Black chalkboard paper for them so needed something. I like using them in my adult coloring book .
"Love these markers! My 20 yr old daughter has made designs on the windows.  Which are so cool because when the sun hits them, they ""glow"", they just look brighter."
Great colors and brightness
These are awesome! Thank you!
My daughter is enjoying her lettering book and chalk markers.  Thank you!
Love the Crafty Croc Chalk markers! They are the best I have purchased so far. Much easier to use then the last set of chalk markers I purchased. Writes smoothly. Nice Bright dark colors.
Great product! Much enjoyed by grandchildren.
Great quality and so much fun to use.
"These markers are super easy to use, they have vibrant and fun colors and they work very well on multiple surfaces!  I got them for my daughter to use on her chalk easel and they are so much more fun for her than regular chalk because you can actually see the color.  I use a microfiber with water to clean the chalk off since it doesn't come off with a generic chalkboard eraser.  It comes of cleanly and has washed out of my daughter's clothes so far :)."
"<div id=""video-block-R645E1I21IL96"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/916r5K-b8mS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81r3ZHrj8OS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These chalk markers are perfect for my 7 and 10 year old.  They enjoy drawing more detailed pictures and these markers are ideal for this purpose.  The variety of vibrant colors is wonderful and the dual tips are great.  I can see why younger children would be frustrated with these - the first time you use them, it does take a while for the chalk to make its way to the tip's surface.  And if you push down too hard, of course the tips are going to fray.  However, I'm not sure these are the ideal markers for those 4 and younger.  I am confused by those who say the chalk was hard to remove.  I used a little water on a paper towel and it came off easily.  I included a video of this.  I plan to purchase another pack for a friend who is opening a cafe - these will come in very handy for her menu board!  Great find!"
"Love them!  Great price,  fast shipping,  and they work wonderfully!  2 thumbs up!"
Markers are vibrant and easy to use!  Great product!
We really enjoy using these markers on our chalk board paint wall.  We like having the liquid option as an alternative to the messy dust of traditional chalk.
Amazing service and quality! !!!!
"I've just received them and so far they are the best liquid chalk markers I've ever used. I'm debating whether to
use up the others or just give them away."
Love all the colors and they work great!
Love them ..love them...will buy more from Crafty Croc!
Love these markers... best chak markers I've tried. Awesome buying experience.
Quick delivery.  Markers have clear instructions for first time use. Write smoothly. Good colors. Couldn't be happier with the product.
Great product. Love them.
Just bought another set as a gift.  I use them in my classroom instead of regular chalk. Even the dark colors was off easily.
Fun colors! Easy to use.
Color Happened
"Stained the keg handles I purchased it for. It wouldn't wash off (soap or dish soap) and when I tried something stronger it stripped the chalkboard paint off the handle. Granted it got the chalk off, but if seems the only way was to take the chalkboard painted under the word too. To be clear, that means you can still read the word because that's the only part that came off the rest of the chalkboard paint that was rubbed stayed on fine."
Really nice and smooth texture! Love the variety of colors
"These are brightly colored, fun to use, neon liquid markers for use on NON-POROUS surfaces (always test the surface first). I LOVE the bright colors and use them on placemats I bought for the specific purpose of using liquid markers. I like to keep one in the kitchen for my daily To Do list and the others are so my grandchildren can have fun designing their own placemats each time they visit!

I have purchased other liquid markers before and these Crafty Croc markers prime about the same as the others. All you have to do is press the tip for a few seconds and the tip fills with ink. The directions are clearly printed on the package and easy to follow, which is VERY helpful. The uniqueness about these markers is that they have reversible tips so you can draw with small or large size marker tips. There are also two extra tips in the box!

What I like:
 10 Bright, bold, beautiful neon colors
 Neon yellow, blue, green, pink, red, orange, purple, black, white, and brown
 Reversible tips
 Can be used on many different non-porous surfaces
 Large and easy to hold for small hands (about a  inch diameter barrel and 5-1/2 inches long)
 Fun for kids and adults alike!

These markers are fun, fun, fun! They are great for all ages

I was very happy to be given the opportunity to review Crafty Croc Markers and received them for free for my fair and impartial opinion."
"These are awesome!! My daughter is 3.5 years old and she has a blast using these on our sliding glass doors. The colors are beautiful and vibrant. We left her drawings on the windows for a few days and they stayed just as nice over time! To clean it up, I used a baby wipe (it's what I had handy!) to get it a little wet and then wiped it down with a rag. The marker came off super easy leaving a clean surface! My daughter also got marker all over her hands and feet and it washed right off! The only thing we have found that gave us a little problem was the caps. The caps are hard for our daughter to put back on and sometimes we have a little trouble. You have to get the felt tip exactly where the circle is in the cap.. if you don't it smashed the felt tip and doesn't go on right. All in all, we absolutely LOVE these markers!"
These chalk markers are so cool! It takes a minute for the liquid to saturate the tip but after that you are good to go!
"This is my first purchase from Crafty Croc; and I must say I have received excellent customer service and superior chalk markers.  Love the reversible tip and the bright, bold colors!  Looking forward to building up my collection of markers made by Crafty Croc."
These markers work really well and the colors are nice and bright.  Perfect for my monthly chalkboard art decor.  I love them!
Great colors and beautiful look! Make sure to read direction of use before attempting your first project!
Item as described and even sent an e-book with tips and tricks about how to use them which was above and beyond the call of duty
"Great markers. I've used them for some art projects. They are very bright, vivid colors that don't smudge. Great product!"
"I love these chalk markers! They work great on our chalkboard at work. I love the variety of color that come included in this 10 pack of markers. All of my coworkers love to use the vibrant markers on our chalkboard and we all make really cool menus and graphics to go along with them.

 These markers take a little while to get started but after that they work great. They write really well once you get them started and they seem to be lasting us a long time, a lot more than a stick of chalk that is prone to breaking in half

Promotional or discounted product provided to review."
"I received these as a Christmas gift - I tested the markers on a small section of my chalkboard and wiped it off and it seemed fine.  I printed a cute message on the board for a dinner party we were having and tried to wipe it off the next morning and my chalk board was ruined - I tried scrubbing, water, baby wipes, a Magic Eraser... EVERYTHING and there is still residue... I am so disappointed.  I will have to buy a new chalkboard.  These are great for ""chalkboard like"" projects - you know where you want to make something look nice and ""chalk-boardy""  but don't actually want to reuse the chalkboard.  If the markers are being immediately used and wiped off... they work... any length of sitting on the board - kiss your board good bye :-/"
Bought these markers to use with a daily message chalkboard that I have displayed in my kitchen area.  They are very bright colored and easy to write with.  Easy to clean off my board.  I will be purchasing a set for my niece who loves to write messages on her chalk board.  I do not like the dust that is associated with regular chalk. This has solved that problem!  Highly recommended :)
These chalk markers are absolutely WONDERFUL!!! They write really well and wipe off well! I just wish they didn't cost quite as much as they do :(
"I use these markers daily to write on glass bowls for our dogs' meals.  I wanted to wait a while to see how these markers held up.  A competing brand started strong out of the gate, but dried out and became useless with daily use.  Not so with these CraftyCrocs.  The markers stand up to daily use on glass bowls.  Good value for money."
"I am a teacher and I am constantly trying new products for my classroom. My school is an innovative environment where the walls are made up of dry erase boards and glass. These markers are great for both surfaces! They are vibrant and ,unlike other brands I have tried, they write well on horizontal and vertical surfaces. Also love the color choices! Highly recommended!!"
fast delivery so far they are great
probably the best liquid chalk markers i've ever bought. the past few that i've ordered dried out really quick and were a lot harder to use (trying to get the liquid out was almost impossible). these have been really east to use and they write great!
Great product!
Love these markers! Ordered them for a black dry erase board and they are great. Colors are bright and the wipe off without a problem.
They work awesome...very impressive!
I am using my markers for my Valentine boxes and I love them!
"Love these markers! They have such bold colors and once you prime them they have a great flow to them. They are great for writing on surfaces such as glass, plastic, or metal. I used them to decorate votive glasses for a thank you gift for my friends and when I made a mistake I could just wipe it off and start over. They don't recommend them for porous surfaces such as a chalk board because the color is so vibrant that it could stain. Next I'm going to use them to label my food containers! Thank you Crafty Croc!"
"These are awesome!!! The colors are bright and go on smooth with full coverage. My boys and I just love them! They seem to wipe off a variety of surfaces with ease, which is really helpful when you have little kiddos coloring with them. We are going to order the rest of the colors soon, so much fun!"
Great colors but not all work and it can be hard to erase.
"These are great!  Perfect for writing notes on the bathroom mirror, and art time on the living room windows. We love the vibrant colors, and relatively easy clean up off glass!"
They're great!
These markers are so much fun & cool to use! My daughter is having a blast drawing with them & just love the colors. I am very impressed with the company. When my first order got lost in the mail they graciously replaced my lost order & responded to my email with 24 hours. Great product & company! I would highly recommend trying them.
The markers work great and look great on the board. Thanks for a great deal!
"Bright vibrant colors that stand out against my daughter's chalkboard, our glass front door, and other solid surfaces! When these markers were offered at a promotional discount, I jumped at the opportunity to buy a set - I've always wanted to try chalk markers, and I had heard this was a great brand. I was surprised by the versatility of these markers - I had assumed they were useful on chalk only, but my daughter wrote a ""welcome to our house"" message on our glass front door, and it wiped cleanly away. These bright, sunny colors are perfect for wedding decorations - I'm in the process of helping a friend decorate chalkboards for her wedding, and have even made a chalkboard for my daughter that we'll use as a photo prop. They mark cleanly and crisply and are excellent quality for the price. If you are a craft lover like me, these are a must have!"
"I have only used them once, but they work great and look great!  I can't wait to use all the colors!"
These chalk markers work great! Love the bright colors and easy use. Would buy again!
This is our third box. Both Gram and Grandson love these vibrant markers!
Some colors work better than others. Ones that do work well are great!
Love these markers!  They are great quality and the colors are so bold!
This is a great and fun product.
"My daughter had a lot of fun making ""Happy New Year"" drawing on two of our small chalkboards. The only problem is that now they are permanently stained. Nothing will take it off. :( They were cheapie chalkboards but I am afraid to use them on anything else now."
I have been looking for a product to work on my windows at my preschool and I haven't had any luck. Until NOW! These markers are easy to wipe of windows and my chalk board and they are so vibrant! A great product for teachers! Highly recommended!
work great for making signs. shipped when promised.  would  order again
"Shipped in very timely manner and as pictured and described.  I haven't had a chance to really get to use them much yet, but the one I did try worked as it was described to work and washed right off when I needed to erase."
"These liquid chalk markers are the best out there!! I've tried several from craft stores, but these have bright, vivid colors that really stand out on a chalkboard. They wipe off easily and don't stain (follow the directions on the package and test first)."
"My Cousin loves these markers. She received one of the LED boards for her birthday and it only came with two markers. She was really happy to get a larger variety of colors. My Aunt likes that they wash off any surface my Cousin uses them on, that she is not supposed to use them on. The colors are very bright and vibrant. The markers work really well on the board and my cousin loves that they have two different tips per color. I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT FREE IN EXCHANGE FOR MY UNBIASED REVIEW."
"Excited to own theses.  Like that they have a reversible tip, but was disappointed that it came with 2 yellows instead, as noted on box, 10 unique colors"
"These chalk markers are so fun to use! The colors are so vibrant and beautiful!! They arrived very quickly, in time for our event. I'm very happy with this product and the company! Thank you!"
Love them
Fast shipping. Just as described. Thanks!
These arrived super fast. The colors are vibrant and they are easy to use. My kids love them for drawing on their chalkboard desk and I love that they don't snap in half like regular chalk. They are also great for our menu board in the kitchen.
Great product. Fast shipping.
Received my crafty crocs in a day and already put them to good use. Love the colors. Nice and vibrant. Easy to use!
"I bought these markers to use on an old slate blackboard and I also had concerns about ruining the blackboard as it is an antique.  I tested a small area and left it to dry.  It wiped off fine with a damp cloth.  Now that it has passed the test, I can't wait until I create something on it!  Also, I tested on plastic and glass - the marker went on smooth and came off easily.  The colors are vivid and saturated.

Now the best part - the customer service provided by Evelyn was stellar!  It was pretty amazing that she contacted me as often as she did - to let me know they were on the way, answer my questions and concerns and then to ask how it was going since I received them!  When was the last time a company did that for you?"
Just what I wanted to spice up my new menu board.
I love these markers!
Extra tips included.  Chalk seems too runny; and the point could be a bit sharper to create fine lines.
My kids at school love them!
"Not user friendly at all. And what to charge almost $7 to return.

Do not purchase."
Its OK.  there are better brands out there.  There are some Chalk boards that these don't work on.  I have several and there are only a few that it will actually write on.  Im pretty disappointed.
This markers are great for my new calendar chalk board- Bright and Beautiful!  Once the ink in the tip is filled they do a great job writing!  My main advice for other buyers is to read the instructions on use and make sure to align your pen correctly when putting the cap back on!  The tip can pretty easily get hung up on the cap and get damaged if you don't!
Love these chalk markers.
These were a little different to get used to writing with. You do have to write a little slower and stop to 'refill' the tip. It looks really sharp though and I have loved having all the colors really pop! I used this with the Con-Tact Chalkboard Liner for my bulletin board at work. I change the joke weekly and drawing monthly on my bulletin board plus other writing and reminders. They are still writing and have lasted longer than I thought they would. I will be ordering more for the chalkboard desk I built!
Fantastic!
Great chalk pens in a nice variety of colors. I love that it comes with reversible tips for thick or thin writing and few extra tips as well.
these stain every chalkboard I have used! Very disappointed!
"I like the double tip, the array of colors and definitely the zero dust factor but I used three different colored pens on my chalkboard and while the green and yellow removed with ease the blue stained my board. I have yet to get it out and when I contacted the company for suggestions, via their website, I never got a response. Now I'm afraid I'll have to spot test each new color."
Colors are vibrant and they work well to create any number of chalkboard projects.  We used ours for a menu board and it looks great!
These are so easy to use and the colors are so pretty! They sure help you find exactly what you are looking for especially when you have several large canisters of things!
Fast delivery. Love these markers.
Tried them out and they write well.  Color is more vibrant than some other liquid chalk types which dry more translucent.
"Work awesome! Just be careful when putting the lid on, it can ruin the tip if you miss getting it on just right!"
"These are super cool!! 
I purchased these around Halloween 2015, didn't have time to use on Windows, but I used for labels on the food/apps. I definitely remembered my windows on Christmas!
Would recommend & purchase again. Use the scan code on the box for great ideas & tips!"
"To erase these we have to use a wet cloth, otherwise no complaints, nice bright colors."
These are great.  I used them to make some signs for my sister for Christmas.  Smooth flowing.  Colors rich and bold.  Very easy to work with!
"Didn't love these at all. I mean they worked but I found them quite a pain in the you know what. There has to be a better brand, at least I hope so."
Love these. My girl scout troop has used them for numerous projects including signs for cookie booth sales. They look great on black poster board.
Love them! We bought these on a recommendation from our vet. They use them on their message board so I had seen the actual vivid colors. These are much brighter than the ones from the craft store and work infinitely better. Also-wonderful customer service. Wow! That's unusual and appreciated!!
"They are so vibrant in color,fun easy to clean off ."
Love these!!! They flow well and show up nicely!
Not like Chalk will not erase like Chalk.
"I absolutely love these chalk markers! We use them at home but my favorite is definitely drawing on the bathroom mirrors, our Elf on the Shelf even make the kids a funny picture with them. ;) They're a great quality marker and I love how the tip is reversible to get the effect you want. The colors are very vibrant as well! If you're looking for a chalk marker, these are the ones you should get. I've done a lot of research to get the best ones and these win, hands down!"
These are the best chalk markers I have ever purchased!
I absolutely love these!!! The colors are amazing and vibrant
Thank you great product
My daughter loves Crafty-Croc liquid chalk markers. Great product & fast delivery!
Received on time. This is a gift so I cannot say if its liked. I can say Crafty Croc is a very friendly site.
Work great...love they gave some replacement tips and there are two different tips for each.
Vibrant and easy to use.  Clean up is a snap!
LOVE the way these write. They are fantastic!
Worked exactly as I imagined they would.  I'm left handed and they I didn't smear anything so they it dries quickly.  I used these on chalkboards for my twins first birthday.  Erases easily with a paper towel and some water.
Working well.
I love these! So easy to use and everything you write with them looks great! I will never go back to regular chalk again.
Amazing! Easy to erase and vivid colors!
These things are AWESOME!
"Gave them a quick try upon receiving them... what a great product, I'll definitely have fun with these!  The colours are so much more vibrant than a regular marker."
Very quick delivery! The chalk markers work wonderfully and so fun!
These markers are horrible. Does not come off.... Now i have to paint my area all over to cover all that we wrote.
Just what I needed! Fast
Great product. The colors are vibrent with no streaking. Very happy with my purchase.
Works great! Nice colors
Great product and great service
Works wonders and looks great on chalk board.
I'm really happy with the product and they have already provided hours of entertainment for my family! Thank you!
Speedy delivery....just what I needed.  Product met my expectations. Thanks!
"Colors are bright and fun on my refrigerator ""chalkboard"" magnet calendar.  Easily wipe off with water and leave no residue -- fun!"
"Works great ! I have blackboard clocks and the markers are great for leaving messages, making announcements , etc. . Good bright colors and can be read from a distance. They do wash off easily ."
Work great and are easy to use. Only reason for not 5 star is pricing compared to other similar products on market that perform on same level. Purchased with discount so pricing was fair. It is a good product though if you wan to pay a little more.
"I have tried three different brands of chalk-markers in my classroom and this is the first that actually remained solid and bright, I have thoroughly enjoyed these markers and will reorder when I need to. These would be a great gift for a child's teacher or a teaching colleague. Many uses in the classroom!"
"Holy cow!!! Great markers and SOOOO FUN!!!! I let a friend play with them and she's like ""where did u get these!!"" Guessing I'll b ordering more!!! Lol! Thanks so much. Will be having fun playing with them over the holidays for sure!!!!"
They worked really well the first 2-3 times I used them. Now they are so light I can barely even see the writing. Had to go buy other ones.
"I used these pens one time. When I tried to use them again one month later, they were all dried up and did not work. I tried over and over to shake them, push on the tip to the get liquid chalk to the tip and that didn't work either."
Wow!
Caps don't stay on. Marker world's get though
Great!
"What wonderful markers!!  We used them to on our new sandwich reader board at church to announce special upcoming events.  The colors are vibrant and just plain fun to use!  They are a bit tricky at first until you get the hang of how they work, and then off you go!
We are thrilled with them and the customer service is top notch.  Wonderful product, wonderful company!"
Excellent product and excellent service!
Works great!
"At first, I purchased liquid chalk markers from Target where I also purchased my board. Pieces of crap! Barely able to see them and a nightmar to write with. These markers are 100% better. No problems at all! They write very easy and I have had no problems! Thanks!"
"I've ruined three chalkboard products using these markers because you can't actually write on anything that is chalkboard material.  I know it said to test the materials first, which I did, and it wiped off but then after a few days, it stained the items. I tried water, other removers and still no luck, they are all permanently stained. Not cool."
I really love markers for chalk board stickers or my chalk boards. Much less messy than regular chalk that goes everywhere. Company is very responsive to questions and inquires.
Bright enough for my students to see in the chalkboard!
My granddaughters love theses markers.......The colors are vibrant and the BEST part of all is they don't make a MESS!
"This is a beautiful set of liquid chalk markers. The colors are all bright and vibrant, and the tips reverse easily and feel sturdy, like they won't fray or fall apart like cheaper markers and pens do. I used them on some chalkboard labels, and they washed off fairly easily needing just a few swipes from a damp cloth to remove all the ink. These pens are fantastic, and great for many creative and crafty applications.

Product sample provided for evaluation and reviewing purposes."
"Using them at our drive thru window at our business. Love them, thanks!"
"Not recommended.  Stained the chalkboard, and dried up or would not work very quickly."
these are the best chalkboard pens out there! better than any other brand i have tried from michael's or hobby lobby! the reversible nibs are amazing and the color/consistency of the ink is vibrant and amazing!
Love these
"I wanted something for a small family chalkboard that was bright and vibrant. This was it. These chalk markers exceeded my expectations. I messed up at first and it had already dried, a damp paper towel cleaned it up in no time. I loved these so much I bought a 2nd pack. I can't wait to try these with a bigger project. They do take a bit to dry, which for us is fine. I just need to decorate our board weekly. You will love these, so much fun!"
Easy to use and vibrant colors. Need to find another set with darker colors. Works extremely well on glass which is what i needed the markers for originally. I have since personalized scrapbooks covers and then used them to decorate pages in the scrapbooks. These will have to be to purchased again. The service is exceptional. I received the package in less than 2 weeks which is unheard of since I live in Hawaii.
"I used these with my 4 year old and they  were super fun!!!! Definitely a winner especially on a cold snowy afternoon.
 The only two things that bothers me is that the caps are hard to put on for a kid. Not a big deal.  The other thing is that it doesn't give you any cleanup instructions. I do love the crocodile illustrating the use instructions. Very cool. We drew Christmas trees and presents, snowmen and snowladies too and snowflakes. Fun! Fun! Fun!

 I received the product free in EXCHANGE for my HONEST review."
"Love these! Easy to use. Doesn't dry out fast so you can leave the cap off for awhile unlike regular markers.  I've used them on different types of papers and surfaces,  always looks great."
Colorful markers. Made my chalkboard sign look great. Really liked the dual sided tips !
I absolutely love these markers.  I am a second grade teacher and I used these to re-do my word wall. I have had several people tell me how easy it is to see from across the room.  Fantastic product!
Great customer service and markers
Percent in every way! My favorite markers!
"this is not really a liquid chalk. this is just markers that works on a chalk board. the colors are bright and looks just like markers. doesn't looks like ""Chalk"". You can't erase them, cuz they are markers, and NOT CHALK. You can use this on a chalk board and have bright great colors,  only if you are not planning to erase them ever."
"I received these CrafyCroc liquid markers recently.  Right out of the box I could see the caps of the different colors and they were bold and beautiful.  There are a total of 10 liquid markers with a dazzling array of rainbow colors.  There is a picture on the back of the box of markers that show you exactly how to start the ink/paint to flow to the front of the marker itself.  I was using something similar to a chalkboard so I was careful at first to try it in a small corner. The pens flowed easily across my board. I used wet ones to erase and even with a wet marker or dried marker it worked well.  If any of you are old enough, lol, you might remember back in the 80's when restaurants would use some type of black shiny boards with neon colors to show their specials. They then used a black light to accentuate the colors.  With the bold colors and the board that I used it reminded me of that.  They are simply beautiful and easy to use.  Thank you!"
These are great! Bought them for my business.
So far very pleased with these markers.  They write beautifully and smoothly.  I hope they will last a long time.
"This works great. I have tested it on just glass and smooth surfaces and the colors are nice. I was able to wipe off easily with a paper towel. It dried into a chalk consistency fairly quickly. I am going to get some chalkboard paint for the basement door in my kitchen and turn it into a chalkboard for just writing little reminders/groceries list here and there.

I will revise this review once that is up and running this weekend.

I received this for free in exchanged for my unbiased opinion."
Works great!  Love the colors!
Great product. My 11 year old loves these markers. She writes notes on her whiteboard and her windows.
"These chalk markers are great!  They have the coverage like a gel pen, the easiness of a marker, the vibrancy of a paint, and they're so much fun!

I've been practicing with them on my bathroom mirror and my goal is to have a Christmas scene in my dining room window for the holidays if I can get my drawing skills up by then.  If not, there's always winter of 2030!

These write so well.  The flow is consistent and doesn't skip.  The color is amazingly vibrant.  There are 2 tips, a bold and a chisel tip.  Once it is dry it doesn't easily wipe off.  It comes off best with a wet cloth.

I receieved a complimentary set of chalk markers for testing and reviewing purposes.  My review is based solely on my personal experience with them."
WOW BEST CHALK MARKERS EVER!
These are totally amazing!!!!
"I received my Chalk markers promptly and am highly satisfied. Rather than taking a chance on using them directly on the blackboard and whiteboard in my art classroom, I just use large sheets of colored or white construction paper. I love the vibrant color."
"I purchased two sets of these makers and used them on a beautiful chalkboard that I just purchased from Pier One. I marked and erased several times and really liked the way these markers wrote. I wrote a short poem on the chalkboard and an hour later tried to wipe it off. IT DOESN""T COME OFF. I have tried a dry cloth, a wet cloth, a magic eraser and window cleaner. I have worked on this for two days. I have searched the internet and tried contacting the website on the back of the marker set. I received an email from the company stating that I must have an inferior quality chalkboard and that more porous type boards will have that result. They offered my no ideas for cleaning their marker off of my chalkboard. The chalkboard I used is metal, with a chalkboard finish. The information I found on the internet is that liquid chalk markers really aren't for use on chalkboards, they are meant to be used on glass, and metal and surfaces such as those. It would have been good to know that before I used them. My chalkboard is ruined."
I love these! Super opaque and come out beautifully on dark surfaces. The double tips are a plus.
"We have found that the tips are too easily ruined with the way the cap is designed. One must be very careful to get the tip in the cap w/o letting the tip hit the inner edge of the cap. It is not easy to do. The caps also seem hard to close tightly.

Colors are very bright on whiteboards. Haven't had any trouble with cleaning off."
Love these markers! Perfect for writing on chalkboard contact paper or spray pain
love these markers.
Amazing product. Shipped early!
They are hard to get started but they are amazing!!!
I tried all the colors. It takes time for the color to release and I needed to go over the glass jar a couple of times. Going to gift them to my neighbor's daughter she may be able to use them on the sidewalk. Not what I expected.
Wife loves it for writing. But like any liquid chalk...it stains =(
"Beautiful colors with great coverage.  I loved these so much that I ordered a second package - one for school, one for home."
I didn't know these things existed!! They are wayy cool and are very easy to use.  A little harder than chalk to wipe clean (needs water) but is much more permanent than regular chalk (wont fade or wipe off easily).
"Very bright, vivid colors. Follow directions for use and these are awesome markers. If you don't prime them properly the cor comes out faint and weak. These are by far the best markers I've used!"
They are awesome! Kids love it
"Delivered quickly - these are GREAT!

Look forward to using them more in the future!"
"Love these markers! Just what I was looking for. I searched Hobby Lobby, Michaels, etc. and couldn't find anything like this. I should have known to look for them at Amazon first!"
I like them but they are very sensitive when you press to write so tips ruin quickly
"These are awesome! You can use them on glass/Windows & chalk boards! I haven't tried the white board yet, these make awesome birthday gifts!"
Love these!! Super great quality!!
"Work great, bright colors. Make the board in our home kitchen PPP with messages and holiday decorations."
These are great!  I'm using them for chalk boards in my restaurant.  I love the vibrant colors and cleaning the boards is easy with window cleaner. I highly recommend this product!
Exceeded my expectations.  Easy to use & great colors.  Thank you
"I had high hopes with all the reviews & lots of colors, however my orange and red markers it seems like the tip is partially dried in places so my lettering has patches & is not fluid. Not good when it's October & pumpkin everything is on my menu. Also, my cafe boards are black so I realized i don't use the black or brown markers since they don't show up, unless I color a lighter color behind & then it discolor the tip of the darker marker. Will try another brand next time."
Amazing markers compared to the first brand I bought. These are easy to write with accuracy and provision. I would highly recommend.
I love these. The colors are very vibrant and made my daughters first day of school board look beautiful!
Very happy with this. Dry quick and vivid colors. I will buy again.
"Awesome product. We just decorated window for Halloween with my 4 year old. What fun! Colors are very bright, go on smooth, do not smell, and wipe of clean with paper towel.
We got this product for free but will buy again."
Very good quality. We have enjoyed them
Great for my classroom!
LOVE them so much.. It's a great product and we buy them for our company.
These markers destroyed our board--the product is literally caked onto the board...they worked a few times but then started to stick. BOOOOO!
Wow! Really impressed with these markers. They worked wonderfully on a chalkboard as expected but also made beautiful painted pumpkins!
The craftycrock liquid chalk markers are amazing. I never knew there was such a thing as liquid chalk markers. Anyways they are amazing to write with and I enjoy writing with them. Thank you!
"Works great, wife and kids love them"
"markers do wipe off pretty well.  One small issue, on a sign that was outside overnight, the dew caused the letters to run ( it was in red chalk, so the letters looked like they were bleeding.  Nice Halloween effect.  Have only used about 3 of the colors so far, so a little early to tell.  Cap design is hard on the felt tips if you are not precise at replacing the cap.  Little fins inside the cap can catch and split the felt tip.  Two extra tips included in the box, so they may be aware of the issue."
"I love them! My children and I painted on our patio door with Halloween designs when we got them. The markers didn't run, and the colors really popped!"
"After having purchased another brand and finding them IMPOSSIBLE to prime therefore unable to be used at all, I was worried about ordering these. I shouldn't have been because these are simply the BEST chalk markers ever!!!"
Dries out way too fast!
"Love these markers, exactly what I needed for our family activity board.  Easy to use and looks great...even though I'm not crafty."
Really like them colors pop out at your.
I love this markers! Now I have to learn some drawing techniques so that I can use them on my board.
These are really great markers I've been wanting to get some so I was really happy to see that these were on sale! Its a nice bright color when you write with it and they're very convenient to use!
It took awhile to get the ink to the tip but once there they worked beautifully. Will definitely buy more in the near future
"I got a chalk board too and the letters will not come off no more, disappointed"
LOVE these! Even after seasoning our new chalkboard we could hardly see the chalk. I went ahead and bought these and the neon color jumps off the board!
I tried to use these last week just to find out that some of them were dried out. For the price I am very disappointed!
These markers are wonderful! They arrived very quickly along with the chalkboard. The colors are vibrant and beautiful. They are very easy to use and go on smoothly
Love the markers.  They are very easy to use and the colors are so much brighter than I anticipated.
Wow!! Totally better than I ever expected!!
"I love them!

You have to make sure cap is really aligned before closing them. I closed one and messed up the tip because I was not 150% careful."
"This purchase is a Christmas gift, so they haven't been put to use yet. Crafty crock markers were high on her wish list...terrific product - Thanks."
These chalk markers are very vibrant and work great!
"I'm really excited about using this product.  I plan to make a chalkboard poster for my son's 1st birthday. The packaging differed from that pictured, but it's the same product. I liked that it came with two extra tips for the markers in case they wear quickly.

Update : Making the board still, but these markers look awesome on the black foam board!"
Used these to decorate wine glasses at a birthday party. So much fun and easy to use!
Amazing customer service! Crafty Croc went above and beyond! Love the markers too...great variety of colors for all projects :)
We received the Liquid Chalk markers in the expected time. CraftyCroc has emailed to make sure we are happy with our purchase and provide a document with suggestions on how to use the markers. I am happy with my purchase.
These worked soooo nicely and were super easy to use! They were easy to get going and the color was so vibrant. Only needed one coat.
"These markers are awesome!! They wipe off easily w/a wet cloth from my blackboard. The tips are dual-tipped, and you get two spare tips in the box!! The colors are vibrant and the markers are very juicy!! I love them!! And the seller is very speedy with shipping, seriously, I got these in two days, and they followed up to make sure I like the markers!!! Highly recommend!!!!!!"
"Great color selection, easy to use. Much better than the ones bought at local craft stores."
"As the reviews said, and silly me refused to listen, this is NOT for chalkboards! The colors are great, but it does not come off easily and leaves remnant color behind. My husband is actually going to buy an acrylic clear coat to put over our chalkboard so that we can use these."
I am currently administrator for a moose lodge and we have multiple chalk boards we use for signs. We've tried several brands of these liquid chalk markers and these are the best we've found.
Bright colors. Looks good under lights.
"This product worked great.... for the first few times I used it. I was really excited to order and receive these because I wanted to document my pregnancy with weekly chalkboard pictures. The first time I used them I loved it, the colors were really bright.. and then it went downhill. I of course carefully read the instructions and made sure to test an area before hand but it STILL ended up staining THREEEE different boards that I bought which is already frustrating enough. Then all the colors started to lose their vibrancy and started being very pale and looked watered down. But I think what has pissed me off the most is, even though there is still TONS of ink left and I shake before even use, these markers barely write now!!!!! The tips on them are CHEAP AS HELL and fray after 1-2 uses. They absolutely don't write smoothly anymore because of the tip and it looks very messy and blotchy. I am FURIOUS, I have barely used these markers and already went through 3 different boards and now they barely even write no matter how much I shake them or how heavy or lightly I try to use them. These are a COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY and I would NEVER recommend them, they are very poorly and cheaply made. They send you a few extra tips with the package because I'm positive they know that the tips get completely messed up after a few uses. I would NOT reorder these and am just going to throw them in the garbage. Complete waste of time and money and this pregnant lady is NOT happy."
These markers are amazing and vibrant!! So long as you test your surface first I would recommend these to anyone!!
Great quality & the colors are all vivid. My husband & kids have had a lot of fun using these on the board.
"I got my first pack of chalk markers a few weeks ago and have enjoyed using them for some projects around the home.  I purchased black ""chalkboard"" contact paper and recommend that as well.  I labeled our cereal storage and snack storage containers in the cupboard. I labeled the compost bin and breadbox ( and covered with clear packing tape so they won't smear.)  Fun, fun, fun!  It took some practic to get my handwriting even and smooth, but I enjoy that kind of thing.  This week I did another project at home & I learned how to outline my work with white adding more pop and detail to the designs.  I look forward to learning more each time and playing around with blending colors and more!  I found some very good tutorials on YouTube.  I will watch them again every so often and pick up new tricks.  I purchased another set of markers (and roll of black contact paper) for an old college friend to try -- she loves this kind of thing, too!  I'm thinking of getting a set for my kid's elementary school teacher as well -- she would LOVE them!  That would make a great holiday gift.... Humm...  The wheels are turning!"
LOVE how they work ! only thing i wish they gave you a little more instructions... like how to erase
Great markers and fast delivery!
"Unfortunately these stained my boards, still working on getting them cleaned of"
I have already used four different colors on three separate chalk board surfaces and thus far they are bright but still easily removed as desired. I have also been contacted twice by Crafty Croc to verify I received my order and then to ensure my expectations were met. Will purchase again when this stash is gone. Am a satisfied customer.
Very good
"So far, so good.  I just started using them on my Chalkboard Calendar Wall Sticker - Blackboard Organizer this weekend.  I haven't done much removing and re-applying yet, but they seem easy to use and bright!"
These are great! I am using them on wood painted black...perfect!
"I used these to make my son's faux bday chalkboard. While the directions said that they are for non-porous materials, I used a foam core board, which I'd consider porous since he outside is paper, and they still worked. Some of the colors I had to go over with twice, but not a problem. These are great."
Love these markers. Easy to use and the colors are rich and bright.
Excellents market
Good
Just what I wanted. Vivid colors!
"I wanted to love these, heck I wanted to like them, but I don't. The tips are super hard and have a tendency to fray causing an uneven scratchy appearance. I bought some chalk pens at Walmart that work beautifully and write smoothly.  I bought this pen set for the variety of colors, but they are not impressive. The orange is more peach and  very dull. The picture shows four pens. The red and pink are the walmart pens. They're very smooth and bright. The yellow is the chisel tip crafty croc and the Orange is the round tip crafty croc. You can see the yellow is not smooth and fluid, and the Orange is fat, faded, and difficult to read."
"These were the perfect chalk markers for my project.  On the black poster board they DID resemble chalk, even though when testing on a different material they just looked painty.  My only criticism is the the tips become a little frayed even after the first use, but it doesn't affect the writing since they are not for fine point writing in the first place, AND there were a couple replacement tips included in the box, not that I needed them just to complete this project.  Highly recommend them."
love these chalk markers!  bright and bold colors.
definitely not worth the price
"Love these chalk markers. Have used them for everything...labeling containers, whiteboard, blackboard tags, leaving reminders for kids on bathroom mirrors...even decorated car windows for a birthday. Vibrant colors and have never had a problem erasing them. When they run out will happily replace with same."
Shake em up and hold the tip down to get it saturated and they work perfectly on my glass board. Will buy them again when these are empty.
"these markers don't paint and erase good!
very expensive and don't work"
Very nice!  Really glad that my daughter read the directions so we store them verticle.  They are awesome and I want to have them forever!  Love them!
"Love these paint pens, best I've found, and the customer support is amazing!"
"Most colors are bright, the orange didn't really work, though."
Love these chalk markers. We use them to leave notes for each other on the fridge or the bathroom mirrors. Wipes clean when we're finished
These pens are just okay... they're not the easiest to use and they're horrible to wash off...
"Not for homemade chalk boards, I thought this item would be great for a diy chalkboard i made for our home collaged wall but i had to redo the chalkboard because it messed it up. I like the pens just not for what i wanted it for."
"The markers are vibrant and bright. However, beware.  It says they are erasable, but I used them on a chalk board surface and it did not wipe off.  I'm not able to reuse that chalk board as I had originally planned.  So disappointed!"
Fantastic product!! Very happy with the results! I work with chalkboard art in Sao Paulo- Brazil and we are all complimments!! Thanks!!
"they work beautifully with the chalkboard I purchased
 Beautiful vibrant colors"
I bought these to help my niece with her organizational skills.  She loves drawing so I bought a chalk board calendar and blank panel so she could keep track of her due dates and practice her spelling words.  These markers keep her engaged in her work; and also are great for making art when schoolwork is done.
"I am not sure I like these yet.  The colors are pretty bold, but they don't write as well as everyone claims.
I am a teacher and use them on a regular old chalk board.  It looks better than chalk and does not leave a mess.
But I've used them a hand full of times, and the ""ink"" is kind of watery and does not go on evenly.  My friend has a set, and hers are so much better than mine.  I can't figure out why.  I have followed all directions, tips, and storage directions..."
"Absolutely love these markers. I'm using them on chalkboard contact paper, works great. Beautiful, bold colors that wipe off easy with a wet cloth. The customer service is excellent too, they sent me a free E-book with tips for care and use.. Which is nice because I'm not particularly creative and can use all the tips I can get.."
"Really nice and bright colors,  it isn't too hard to clean up if any mistakes are made. Can't wait to use them in several projects"
These markers do NOT wipe clean. They stained like they were permeant markers.  Had to replace my chalk board :-(
Perfect for our wedding boards!! :)
I loved the fun color options and how well the chalk markers write.  I had no problems getting the message to erase from my surface either.  I just wiped with a dry paper towel first to get most of it off & then used a wet paper towel to get the rest off.  I had my message on the board from 3 days before I removed it and I found no shadowing either.
"Easy to use and great colors.
They write on a variety of things but do not always erase.
Check before you start on an inconspicuous spot for erasiblity."
The markers are good and the colors are fun. Make sure to shake them well before each use though.
I love chalk markers and CraftyCroc has great color choices!  I love that these markers have reversible tips.
Some did not work when I received them. But the ones that did worked awesome!
"Great product. Vibrant, easy to use, easy to clean up!"
"I ordered these markers to use on a framed chalkboard to record my daughter's monthly milestones. They're so vibrant and easy to draw with! I'm not an artist by any means but I've received numerous compliments on my ""artwork"" :) not only does the color glide on but they also erase easily.  Also the customer service is exceptional. I accidentally ordered two boxes and after emailing them to inquire about returning one of them, they credited me the extra box and asked that I keep it or share with a friend. How sweet! Highly recommend this product."
They stained my chalkboard and the marker won't come off!
"I needed to write on some laminated surfaces in my classroom, and didn't want to use Dry Erase markers because they wipe off too easily. These were the PERFECT solution. They wipe of, but not too easily, so the kids won't just brush up against the poster and wipe off what I have written."
Follow instructions and you are good to go!
"These markers are really nice; the colors are bright and really saturated, which I love. Each of them has a double-duty tip (round and chisel) for you to choose -- handy! They glide effortlessly on the surface (nonporous) and are a pleasure to work with. Please note that while they will write on a whiteboard, they are NOT eraseboard markers as such, so they will not erase completely.
Overall, completely satisfied with these markers. Get them now for all those posters and other little projects you have!"
These are great!  We used them on posterboard--worked well!
Love these!
Love these markers!! Perfect product!
"These markers are awesome!!! We use them for our display board at our private country club. We write the daily events, we've tried a couple different brands but these by far work the best! They don't stain the board either! Very easy to wipe off as well!"
"We absolutely LOVE these chalk markers!  They're packaged very nicely and come with extra tips.  The size and function of the markers are just like a paint pen.  Shake them up then, while upside down, push the tip onto the paper until the chalk fills the tip.  Our kids use these on our windows to make stained glass masterpieces and the ink coverage is right on.  No streaks and it wipes right off when dry.  We left some paintings on the windows for a few days and had to use water to wash it off, but it baked in the hot sun so I'm sure that had something to do with it.  It was still really easy to remove and came completely off without any residue.  We tried a test spot on the wall, but it is porous and would not remove well.  The instructions do tell you not to use on porous surfaces, we just figured we'd give it a try.  The whole family has really enjoyed these and the kids love being able to color on the windows.  We'll be giving these out as Christmas presents this year!"
"First let me say the rating will reflect the markers solely. I appreciated the extra tips and colors were nice.

Product works good as expected but I can't even count how many emails I have received asking me to leave feedback. I feel harassed and annoyed. I hadn't left a review yet because I only used them yesterday! Ask once, maybe twice for a review don't blow my email up. Thanks"
"These are my new favorite marks for my black board. I love how clear and smooth they write, and how vibrant the colors are. Reason it gets a 4 is because sometimes the colors don't work right away and it takes a bit of pushing on the tip to get the ink to look like it's suppose to."
"Found these chalk markers to be of much better quality than other brands I've tried.  I like the color selection as well.

UPDATE:  I tested these, as instructed, before completing my entire design.  After the testing area had dried, I wiped it away.  But  I guess things change after it's been on the board for a while!  I am using the markers to welcome guests who come to stay at our new home.  I went to change the welcome sign, and found that even with hard scrubbing, I can't remove what was written before, even with the recommended window cleaner method.  Now I guess I'll have to buy a new blackboard."
"These chalk markers are wonderful. Brilliant colors, write beautifully and easy to clean off a white board. - two of the pens did arrive damaged but their customer service department is exceptional. They replaced the entire box at no cost to me. It was not necessary but I was so grateful for their prompt response.  I will definitely purchase these again.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!"
Really looking forward to using this product in my classroom.
"I absolutely love these liquid chalk markers!  I was using traditional chalk to mark my product displays and the result always seemed to look messy (I am not a very good chalk writer).  I do a lot of pop-up markets & by the time I would get the display to the market, the chalk would be smudged or wiped off.  I was always impressed by the chalk board displays used in coffee shops & bistros and wanted my display to look as nice.  When I heard about liquid chalk, I researched the various brands available and found CraftyCroc.  I ordered the 'Mega 10 Pack' and a 4 pack of white.  I used the white and the colored markers for my display this past weekend and the display looked fantastic--very professional and no smudges.  I believe the vividness the colors brought to the display attracted more customers.

The chalk markers are very easy to use, but come with complete instructions and the company also follows up with emails to insure satisfaction.  As instructed, I used the markers on a corner of my chalkboard painted display sign and there was no staining.  It was also very easy to wipe off and correct mistakes as we were using the markers.  The markers are also very fun to use and spark the imagination.  I even find myself looking for other ways to use them.  I have recommended these markers to my friends and would highly recommend them to others."
We used these for our parent calendar! Unlike the other brands we've used these were bright and popped off the board. We also liked the amount of colors available! We were able to be more creative! Thanks!!!!
"I've been using these all summer for my farmer's market sandwich board sign. I want to like them, but I can't say I'm all that happy unfortunately. Not to mention I accidentally ordered two boxes which cost a small fortune.$40 for markers..

I started off trying to use them on a smooth wood surface that was painted with chalkboard paint. The markers didn't wipe off at all. I had to repaint the surface every week for a while. Then we tried metal surfacing and again, it didn't come off at all. Finally I bought some plastic sheeting and I have to scrub it quite a bit but it does come off with soap and water. If you use it on glass or plastic it works but anything else it doesn't. Wish I had read about that beforehand.

Some of the colors are pretty but the yellow and orange doesn't turn out well a lot of the time.

Guess that pretty well covers it."
I was really excited for the markers but the tips bent very easily and the colors weren't as vibrant as expected.
The tip of the markers get messed up just by closing the cap at a wrong angle. It makes the colors look smudgy and i don't want to replace all 10 of the markers tips.
These worked great! Bright colors looked awesome
Great product. Produces the exact result that I wanted for craft project!
An affordable buy! I loved the variety of colors. The main reason I took stars off are because of durability. I need Chalk Markers at my job where I am changing chalkboard displays every weekend. Some of the tips frayed in the first two or three times using them and they ran out of ink far sooner than any of the other chalk markers I have tried in the past. They've got great colors and it's affordable. I like it for personal use (would have given it a 4 star if that were the case) but they are just okay for work situations.
"The colors are very vibrant and they work well.

My main issue is that you have to store them in a horizontal position (and yes, you have to). I had them in a vertical position in a cup on my door and very soon they stopped working smoothly - the lines look like the ink is dying. Could be my coworkers just don't know how to use markers, but I doubt it."
"I tried these again and shook one up really well, waiting until the tip turned the color.  Wrote on the chalk board, and it my writing was beautifully smooth.  Since I am stuck with a chalk board, these are fabulous!"
"What can I say?  The markers are very good.  I use them to write on my A-Frame sign https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00PV0FNTM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1

Wiping it off the glass seems to leave streaks on my sign, but the sign wasn't all that clean when I got it. The only thing I would like to see is a different box.  The one it came in isn't very easy to put back into the box because I put them in upside down and the clips on the caps make it harder to put back in."
"these things are NOT worth the money. I am an elementary art teacher and I got these to use on my chalk board and to decorate...well they don;t write smoothly. The streak and I have tried all the ""suggestions"" I can find. I would return them except I can't find the box! Grrrrr mad teacher!"
"I strongly encourage you to avoid this product. The markers do what they're supposed to do - write with liquid chalk. The problem is in their faulty design. What's touted as a plus (reversible tips that allow you to switch between fat and thin lines) is so poorly designed that you risk having an enormous mess on your hands. I used these markers for exactly 28 minutes. Never again. I went to open the black marker, and because of the way the lid is designed (it rubs against the side of the tip, damaging the tip's sharpness and making it difficult to replace the cap), the tip came flying out of the pen and black ink spewed everywhere. All over me, my hands, the floor, the counter top... 20 minutes of frantic cleaning (thank you Magic Cleaner!), and I was able to get most everything out, though my hands remained stained for days. There are so many versions of this product out there, do yourself a favor and buy markers that are better designed."
"I bought these to write on glass and they work and erase super easily. For that, 5 stars. They are brighter than expected but this is nothing against the product. Just be aware that they are more neon colors. The reason I give average rating is the consistency. Some pens are great; tips is hard can in one piece. Some others the tips is softer and separates in the middle so the lines are not clean. I might have gotten a defective product but there is no way to know at this time... Might decide to return them...

Update from 2 to 4 stars. I contacted the company after my original review and they were awesome. They refunded my original purchase, didn't ask me to send the defective items back and even sent me a new box that works great. Still brighter than what I would have liked but nothing against the product itself."
Looks great---stands out ! Hope it will catch people's eyes !
"Perfect for using in my classroom; however, they run dry quickly.  Overall though, I really like them for the price!"
Love these! Used them on a slate chalkboard for a first day of school project.  Last year I drew on paper and had to throw it away and start over when I made a mistake.  This year I just used a wet sponge and wiped away the things I messed up on and started over.  Overall it turned out GREAT and the colors are so vibrant! I can't wait to do more projects with my CraftyCroc pens!
"These markers are terrific! Perfect for almost anything you can imagine. The colors are bright and vibrant and the markers produce clear and even distribution for professional results. I must have hundreds of markers that I use constantly in numerous projects and these are definitely the most versatile and dependable. Perfect for my grandkids too! They love doing art projects and, depending on what material you are decorating, they can be beautifully permanent or easily wiped off! Love them!"
Fun and easy. They're right though. Don't use on a painted chalkboard wall.
Love them in my office window to say where I am
"These chalk markers are amazing. I'm a 5th grade teacher of an all-girls class and my kids love them...they always beg to use them! In my classroom library I have a small book stand and a chalkboard. Everyday one of my girls picks a ""book of the day"" and writes the title and author on the chalkboard. She then displays the book on the stand. It's a fun way to promote reading. I also have a small chalkboard hanging on the wall that the girls can write motivational messages using the markers. I love the fact that the tips are reversible and the colors are vibrant.
One suggestion I have is the marker cap. When you put the cap on the marker you have to carefully line it up just right or the marker tip gets smashed and dented. This can be difficult for kids and even as an adult I've smashed the tip a few times. Maybe the cap could be modified so it is easier for little guys to properly use. Otherwise, great product!"
"These are absolutely the best markers to write on chalk boards!!!  Even my little ones use them to draw on our sliding glass doors!  They come in a great box, wonderful size markers and great colors. The price is amazing... I had recently paid more at another retailer for only 4 markets. Highly recommend!!! A+++++"
"I was a little skeptical about these markers at first after reading the negative reviews but I purchased them anyway, and I'm glad I did.  I love them!  Chalk markers (any brand) are not for chalkboards or surfaces that are porous so you really have to know what you are writing on and test a small, inconspicuous spot first.  I love that the tips are reversible and the colors are nice and bright.  I had a baby wipe and a paper towel nearby to fix mistakes and my chalkboard came out looking pretty good, even though I'm not artistic at all.  For the record, the 10x10 Quartet board here on Amazon is decent and these markers work great on it.

It does take a bit to prime the markers for the first use and again if they have been sitting for a while.  I haven't had any problems with the tips so far but I'm not a heavy-handed writer.  I have only one slight annoyance and that is the caps are a little difficult to get back on but I'm guessing that is because they need to fit tight to keep the air out so the tips don't dry out."
tips break easily. not as easy to write with or erase as i had expected
"These don't show up as well as I was hoping for a chalkboard...It also takes quite
awhile for them to ""fill up"". I think I will stick with white and yellow next time."
"I have a daycare and have found my new best friend in Crafty Croc liquid chalk markers. I have one large chalkboard for lessons, and a few small ones for the kids to work on lessons and just for fun. Regular chalk can make quite a mess, and if you have children or know children, you know how much they love markers. I would not, however, recommend these for small children as they can get messy for them (more so than a regular marker.) Make sure to replace the lids when not in use, even for short times. This would be a great gift for teachers! I love how vivid the colors are, and the variety in this pack."
"Work great at first but after a few uses, they don't write as well"
Love love love these markers for all types of uses in the elementary classroom. Whenever I can add color that is erasable it makes the classroom environment more visually interesting. Great for windows. But don't try to use on a chalk board!!! Will not come off... (I didn't read the fine print)
"Writes smoothly. Easy removal with a little water. Bright, vibrant colors. Writes on many different surfaces. Used by a teacher daily."
Great!
"So many bright colors! I am going to use these for menu's at my home, and whatever else I can come up with!!!"
"I am having fun trying the markers on various glass surfaces. Just make sure it is dry before erasing lol!

The colors are bright and evenly distributed throughout the tip of the marker for great use for projects!

Hope to use more of the CraftyCroc products!"
"These were advertised to work on regular chalk boards, but they do not! It came off after a few minutes, but after a few hours my board was ruined. They are very light in color as well."
"It's great, wish it flowed more smoothly."
not as easy to use as they make it seem. some of the colors were broken and dripping.
We use these on our menu board for wines by the glass.  They are easy to use and attractive.  So far we are very pleased.
"Great markers!  We used them for our team van during a Ragnar relay race.  The markers were bright, easy to use and most importantly washed off with minimal effort after the race.
Highly recommended for all Rangarians!"
I do farmers markets and these are great for my signage
"They did not last at all, even when stored at stated."
These work awesome!  Brilliant colors! They erase beautifully.  Sometimes there is a shadow of the writing left (some colors are worse and if it has been sitting for a long time) but with a little water it comes right off! Love these markers.
"These chalk markers are super great! Beautiful, bright colors! Easily wipe off if you make a mistake but stays in place when you need it to stay put! Love this company too! Crafty Croc is the best and offers amazing customer service and super products!"
These markers do as they are supposed to. They write with ease. There isn't any leaking or excessive chalk ink left on the chalkboard. These do not rub off easily if you need to make a correction. I did make a mistake and I had to use soft scrub to get the product off but I think this is common with any of the chalk markers.
I really like it 
I like the colors. Need to be careful with the cap.
I really liked this product. Easy to use and easy to clean up!
"Great quality! Bright colors! Well worth $, wipes off of glass and chalk board"
"Markers are very poor quality, they leak, dry out quickly and streak on glass surface which they should work very well on. I am not satisfied with this purchase."
Very vibrant colors and can be used for so many different things. Kids love it on the board and I love it for dinner parties and labeling people's glasses
"excellent product, excellent service!"
"very vivid! using a glass picture frame, i made a kids' (check list type) chore chart with a section in solid black for daily special additions and the marker is GREAT. love the dual tip to stress the ""DO IT NOW"" chisel point or ""make sure the task is done"" regular point . since i write on the glass in the morning, its quite dried when the kids go wipe it off after the chore is done in the later in the day (usually that's when the garage door opens as we get home from work!) just a damp section for the ""chalk"" to dissolve and the dry cloth wipes clean with ease. yes, the chalky residue is on the towel, but its a towel, just wash it :)"
"I used them on chalk boards at a baby shower. And when i say chalk boards I mean one was a piece of wood with black paint on it (got it at target in the dollar bin) and the other was a scalloped piece of sheet metal on a stand painted smoothly with black paint. The chalk paint goes on smooth and look beautiful. ..after the 4th try, they just take a bit of getting use to! They need to be shaken and pumped/primed before each use. The tricky part is removing the chalk paint from the surface after things are said aND done.  I read somewhere that some ppl used a magic eraser to remove the chalk paint so that's what I did and it worked the best out of anything I did,  removed about 95% of the chalk paint. Just left a silouette of the writing that was there. On anothe note after a delivery mishap I can say,  the customer service is excellent.  They absolutely care about their customers and stand behind their products."
Just as expected
haven't gotten any of them to work yet... super disappointing for the kids
"These markers are very bright, vivid colors.  They also wash off the chalkboard quite easily.  I love them!"
I had high hopes for these but they are super messy and leak a lot! The liquid chalk seems good quality but the mess makes it not worth it. If they can get the markers not to leak I would definately buy them again.
The markers are easy to use and come in lots of great colors. I like that the tips are reversible in order to create different styles of lettering. The only issue I've had is that I didn't quite put the cap back on correctly for one of them and it split the tip. Fortunately it came with a couple of replacement tips or I can just reverse it.  I would recommend these markers.
"Perfect product, exactly as described. Used for an ultra relay to decorate our vans. Chalk held up for 400 miles without any issues! Will be using them for all of my future vehicle decorating."
"Like these pens a lot. Use them on a small black chalk board. It comes with 2 white pens and has extra tips in the package. Each pen has a reversible tip (round and slanted. you change them by simply pulling it the tip out and re-inserting the other end). The yellow seemed to wear out fairly quickly, but the other colors are lasting longer. The brown doesn't work too well, but I don't use it that often, so that's ok. The photo shows a black pen; I didn't get black, I got 2 whites, but why would you want black on a chalkboard anyhow?!? Overall, a good purchase. One note is if you do use these on a chalkboard and use water to clean the chalkboard, make sure the chalkboard sits to dry for at least 10-15 minutes before trying to write on it (even if it looks dry, the pens won't work as well)."
"Beautiful colors, no odor & dustless.  Looking forward to school starting in a few weeks so I can put mine to good use on my new Parent Information board in my classroom.  Right now, I'll be the only one in school with a set too!"
"I am so happy that these markers, they came in time for the school year.  Setting up my room this week.  So far when I have played with them they are fantastic!  I also ordered a set of white just to have handy.  Thanks so much."
"I purchased this product to work on an on-going photography project, and while the colors go on vibrantly, you either have to wipe the slate clean right away, or you're stuck with ""ghost marks"" on your chalkboard for forEVER. I've tried water, baby wipes, Dawn, and vinegar, and there are still traces of photography projects past on my chalkboard.  And now the chalkboard can't be used for anything else!  Disappointing."
Very pretty n works well. It works well on glass windows n black board. My 4year old one uses it a lot.
love the colours
These are great and so colorful and washes off easily!  Good to use for marking on wine glasses too!
"love them  !!  You can't find liquid chalk markers anywhere, these are the best. ~!"
Great markers but hard to get off painted walls. Would give it 5 stars if I didn't have to use a magic eraser to remove it for the chalk board.
Fun colors. Smooth solid application. Leaves a shadow behind on chalkboards. Better on windows
"Vibrant colors, applies easily to my chalkboard and is fluid enough to do fancy letterwork with them. Comes off easily with a damp paper towel as well. Delivery was also super-fast!"
Excellent product.  These markers work great and the follow up instructions given by the company are excellent.
Love them!
Perfect!
PERFECTO
Cool item! Projects will be endless with these
LOVE these markers! The colors are so nice and vibrant. They flow beautifully and clean up very easily. I've only used these on chalkboard but I can't wait to try it on other surfaces.
It's not as good as some but sufficient for my needs.
Work better on glass than chalkboard
Communication with from the company that makes these has been absolutely top notch!!  I received two emails explaining how to use these markers and tips on how to use them.  The markers are vibrant and easy to use.  Be sure to follow directions about testing an area as they do not erase easy on porous material but this is clearly stated.
I just received these in the mail and tested them on a few surfaces around the house...THEY ARE AWESOME!!! I even used the darker colors on a white surface and it wiped clean. I cannot wait to use these for grouping activities in my classroom!!
They are so awesome! The color assortment is cool and is opaque! Higly reccomend.
Cool colors but my red didn't work and the tips became fuzzy. Also said it was safe for chalkboards but when I got the box and read the instruction it said it wasn't safe for chalkboards. Now I am stuck with markers I can't use
I am not pleased with this purchase. It has been difficult to erase writings from chalkboards. Errors are still visible. Any recommendations?
Some of the tips wear out quickly.  Bright colors tho and would recommend.
Very bright colors.
Vibrant colors and have worked great for my twin's first birthday boards. Would definitely buy again.
These pens work great and look amazing on the windows.
"These markers react differently on different surfaces.  We are using them on large chalk board sandwich boards.  Purchased them for their vibrant colors.  On one of our signs they wipe off with water.  On the others we have tried everything imaginable to get them erased and it is permanent.  Also, the marker portion frays after first use and it's impossible to write with a nice, crisp line. Have thrown them in trash."
The colors are fantastic and so easy to use.  Would buy again.
"These markers are amazing and the colors are extremely vibrant! I bought these specifically for my car windows for my daughter's swim meet. They arrived on time, but when I opened the box, one of the marker tip was already saturated with the ink. So it was either leaking or was used. I emailed the seller and they immediately shipped a replacement box to me and let me keep the original one. I tested the markers on my mirror and loved how they wrote and looked. BIt when I tried to used them on my car window, the chalk beaded up and would disappear. I let a few families use them on their car windows and it turned out so well. When I returned home. I cleaned my windows with vinegar (if you have rain-x or any water repellant on your windows then it will not work). I was then able  draw on them and they turned out great! I will definitely buy these again."
"! I bought these for some little projects for my wedding next month and I couldn't be happier . I'm especially pleased with how this project turned out:
I used a black canvas just because I had one on hand but I'm using them on chalkboards for everything else. Thanks again for a great product and providing excellent customer service!  I will definitely purchase more when these run out!

--Stephanie  (-:"
"I recieved Crafty Croc Chalk markers for free for a unbiased opinion. I found Crafty Croc Chalk Markers are very fun to use. They are rich, bright, bold colors. They go on smooth and silky. All the age ranges that I happened to share the markers with absolutely loved them and they had a blast. We especially loved drawing on the glass doors. Great for art but also for chore reminders and dinners Menu. The markers easily washed off the glass. I appreciate the spare marker tips in the package."
"Great product with beautiful, bright, vibrant colors."
"A bit hard to come out at first (just press down for a minute) but after that,  hours of fun"
"Awesome markers. Some colors wo led better the very first try and I had problems with the tips of some getting raggedy if you arendon't careful when putting the cap back on. Overall, pretty good product."
I am so happy with my purchase. The colors are pigmented. These are very easy to use and store.
So vibrant and smooth!
Very bold bright colors! Daughter has decorated my windows nicely!
"I am very satisfied with my purchase. The product came quickly and was well packaged. I received an e-mail a day later from the company with ideas on where and how to use the markers (on glass windows, chalkboard labels, ect.). The pens themselves are high quality and write well. Great buy!"
I was going to use it mainly for making neat name badges. It's so much more than that!!! I esp. like the reversible nibs. So cool!
We use these on Con-Tact paper to put up weekly Bible verses.
I got this product for free for my unbiased opinion. This product is so much fun. My son loves it. Its easy to use and easy to clean up. I would buy this product over and over.
"These markers saved me! I was trying to use chalk on my project. It kept smearing, and I kept redoing. With these markers I filled a large glass chalk board with info and it looked fantastic. And the bright colors made it easy to read."
Excellent markers and quick delivery.
Love these! Bright colors!  Wipe off easily. Love!
"I am not sure if I received a faulty product, but half of these markers did not work, the tips are splitting, some of the colors are runny, and other colors do not show up on the chalkboard. I would consider changing my review if I received a replacement product."
These chalk markers write fabulously!
I recently painted a chalk board wall in my kitchen and I was looking for a fun way to write our current events. Some of the colors are not as vivid after repeated use even after shaking it for several minutes. Over all a good value and I would purchase this item again.
These markers are awesome!  They're bright and vivid. I can't wait to use them in my classroom.
"These are awesome!  We are having so much fun using them on our sidewalk easel.  The children get very creative with them and make signs for birthdays, holidays, graduations and movie showings.  Will definitely purchase again when they run out."
Best chalk markers & great customer service!
"Good quality markers. So far I've used them on chalkboard and glass surfaces. My chalkboard was a DYI project so unfortunately the markers do not erase all of the way so I've had to repaint over it (I'm assuming it's the chalkboard paint that's not allowing the residue to be erased all of the way, leaving a stain). Other than that though I am pleased with the product."
We have had so much fun with these.  we are buying a bunch of sets as presents.
I needed the primary colors to write on chalkboards for my sister's retirement from teaching.  Most other chalk pens were muted in color.  These provided the choices I needed.  They cleaned up well with water.
worked great
Greatest marker...I believe...ever invented!  You can pretty much use it on anything...brings out the creativity in those who have used them and will in those that will receive one of these sets from me as a GIFT!
Works great
"This markers are fantastic! Great colors, I used them on my blackboard decals around my house and the colors just pop! . Easy to use, felt tip feels good while drawing, and you can easily erase them with baby wipes. Fabulous customer service, Im very pleased with my purchase."
"Great colors on these markers, not faded like the store brand I got from the craft store. Easily wipes off with a wet paper towel.  hard to say how long they last as I just got them, but very happy so far."
"Great customer service and fast delivery! The products also worked amazingly and I had no issues. Would highly recommend for black paper. I am a teacher and always use black butcher paper with accent colors, these markers worked great and ink was bright and clear to read. Loved them!"
"My wife uses an LED board for work, and we had been purchasing the brand of paint markers that came with the board originally.  I'm glad I searched for something different, because these markers are amazing in comparison.  They allow her, the artistic one, to draw anything she wants on her board without runs, smears, or distortions.  These things are also extremely easy to clean off of glass surfaces.  They work spectacularly with her board, and we will continue to buy them."
"They do not write well on a vertical surface like a wall mounted chalkboard without a good deal of effort, but the colors are gorgeous!"
"I bought these markers to enhance my blackboard theme decor in my classroom.  I love them!  They are vibrant, easy to use, and they wipe off if you make a mistake.  I was a little surprised that the chalk liquid was thin and will ""run"" if you write using too much ink... I have a chalkboard coffee mug and I had to lay it on its side so the chalk didn't drip.... It was incredibly easy to fix though, just wipe it off with a damp tissue and try again."
"Great colors, but messy when you want to switch from one tip to another."
Love the colors can use on lots of surfaces!
Using chalk markers for mason jar glasses at my wedding. I bought chalkboard stickers but I didn't really have to. These markers look good on the glass. The chalk does come out fast so you have to be careful but will come off without too much difficulty. I wish they were a finer tip.
My daughter used these on a sign she made using chalkboard paint ( spray paint) and the colors were very vibrant!  The paint did not brush off and lasts a long time on the surface.  The price is great too...a craft store by us sells a 4 pack (different brand) for $11!  Very pleased.
"Very hard to get them to work the first time. ---That means my 4 years old was not able to do it by himself. The liquid color didn't flow out of the tip even when I tried several times shaking and pressing on the tilted chalk board. I guess there isn't enough liquid to begin with. Every time one has to shake hard before writing on the board, that ruined the fun of writing! Plus, they aren't cheap at all. I am going to just try normal water color pens."
"I couldn't erase them from my chalk board. Only was able to erase with nail polish remover but it damaged the board and now I have to but a new one.
May be they are good on plastic surface and/or glass .
I bought it for my pregnancy weekly pictures with chalk board. The writing is beautiful and not messy but erasing is pain.
I'm not sure why the package states - "" easy  wipe off""
Disappointed"
"I just received them, but I've already started dreaming up awesome ways to use them. SO far I've labeled my daughters drawers, jotted quick notes on the fridge, and labeled our mailbox for a party we were having. Do they make holsters for these?"
"They work great. Just like markers, but on a chalkboard. Thick, even color application.

Have to take time when you first use them to fully depress the nibs ands let the chalk fluid saturate the nib.

DON'T recommend using with painted surfaces. The details on the packaging, and various vendor-answered questions here on the product page, make it clear they don't recommend it. We tried it, and got it mostly cleaned off, but it took a solid 20 minutes. Use on real slate, or at least (as the manufacturer recommends) test on a corner of any painted surface before trusting to use."
"I wasn't sure if these would work the way I wanted them to, so I was very pleased with the end result. If I could attach a picture I would. I turned my closet doors into a blackboard and I was warned these liquid markers would be a mistake. They were not a mistake. LOVE them! I will add a picture later."
"These are terrific markers. Great vibrant colors and simple to use. They wash relatively easy. Works excellent on glass, whiteboards and real chalk boards. Be sure to test each color first on a small area especially if you're not sure of the surface makeup and think it could be a porous. I use them on a custom ordered door in my kitchen with a chalkboard side from a major home improvement retailer and the surface is not a real chalk board so there is some faint staining."
Great product.
eh- not as good as the markers from staples.
"My 8 years old is very happy with the chalk markers. She designs on windows, glass and board..
beautiful colors..
Easy to erase/remove.."
"It's ok, doesn't write properly in walls because of the position. I have yet to try it on a blackboard, which is it's purpose"
"These are the best and brightest chalk writers we've used. We have a farmers market booth, and use chalk markers a lot. Most don't last very long, or their opacity is disappointing. These don't disappoint. In fact I already bought another box."
"Great product, with wonderful customer service. Very easy and fun to use!"
Love these crafty crocs! So many different colors and the package is very cool!
"I use these for writing on glass. I LOVE THEM! As said in the instructions, you should test the markers on a small part of the surface you want to use. It is also recommended to wait until the markers dry on your surface before wiping. Great Tip!! Otherwise you will experience smearing and it will be a lot harder to clean. Again, read the instructions! They are very helpful. I've only used this on glass after briefly testing on the wrong kind of chalkboard."
"DO NOT BUY. If I could give 0 stars I would. It doesn't wipe off and has ruined my chalk board, therefore forcing me to now buy chalk paint and paint my chalk board just to cover up this horrible product."
"work great, I bought these to write on chalkboard labels to give some homemade jam as a gift.  Easy to use and looks great."
Very vibrant colors. Easy to wipe off.
Great colors easy not messy can buy cheaper else where and in more color varieties
Im so excited to use these for my wedding in 2016 ive tried them out and they seem perfect
"These liquid chalk markers are fun to use, and make our family board so fun. I do have to use a cleaner (such as 409) to erase the chalk markers."
"These markers are awesome.  I had seen the sandwich boards with this type of chalk on them and have always wanted to get them. Well, I did and am so glad I did.  We use these on a sandwich board for our dog park events and the colors just ""pop"".  Hard to put away and not ""Play' with them.  It's like coloring for adults."
"These are great. I've tried other chalk markers that didn't write as reliably or cleanly. Every color of this package was bold and clear, and I like the reversible tips!"
Love the colors! Also great customer service...I had a hard time erasing them and they gave suggestions of using a magic eraser and it worked great!
"Haven't used yet. They seemed expensive but then, I don't know much about liquid chalk."
So far so good.  Good customer service.
"This was my first attempt at fancy chalkboard writing/ design and these markers seemed to work great. More impressive was the customer service. The company contacted me shortly after I received the markers to see if I liked them, which I found rather impressive. I would recommend this product and will buy other products from this company in the future."
Work on display case glass too
"DON'T BUY THESE!!!  The colors are great, but, THEY DO NOT WIPE OFF.  :("
"Love these markers, the colors are very vibrant.  They arrived very quickly in excellent condition and customer service has been exceptional.  I would not hesitate to order again.  Thanks!!"
"When I took the cap off to use the red marker for the first time, it exploded everywhere and caused a huge mess. It was past the 30 day return window, but I decided to contact Crafty Croc. They took care of the problem with no questions asked. What wonderful customer service! The rest of the markers work wonderfully."
"These markers are great, come in beautiful colors and are easy to clean-up. We used them for a Jr. High Graduation ""Glow Party"" to make signs on chalk board paper, glass and other items for decorations. They were brilliant and bright and looked so cool."
"Using these for our ""weeks pregnant"" chalk board and bump pics. Turned out great! Only bummer is the pink one isn't working well, it's too dry on some attempts to use it then oozing from one side on other attempts to use it. Maybe it's a sign that it's not going to be a girl haha"
"I purchased these to make decorations for my daughter's school party. Bought some black glossy paper plates to decorate and tape to the walls. These work great, easy to use, really stand out on the black plates. Seems like anything paper will be fine if it has a glossy finish! I also used them on a white dry erase board and the colors look great!"
These are so much fun to write with! Very bright and vibrant colors! Perfect for black chalkboards!
"I don't see how these get such high ratings!  They worked fine for one day.  Since then, even though they are stored horizontally as recommended, they don't work!  I have to shake and press the point down for a bout 5 minutes to get them to even make a streak.  Total waste of money, very frustrating!"
Quality is good.  Wipes off well with a damp cloth. the only draw back is that some of them seem to leak.
love the bright colors!!!
"I like these - wish I loved them.  I have a hard time with them staying ""wet"" long enough to put my grocery list on the chalk board upstairs or my workout for the day downstairs - lots of shaking to keep them fresh."
"Caps are hard to put back on, they smash the tip of the pen. Other then that I'm very happy with them"
These markers are great on light or dark colors. Easy to use also. Shipped quickly.
They are really easy to use.
"Perfect for our needs.  I used these to write a large chalk board sign (I don't intend to wash it off).  Nibs wore fairly quickly - but my surface wasn't very smooth (painted plywood).  Pens still going strong after our party.  Vibrant colors.  Used them to decorate our windows, mirrors etc.  Very pleased with the results.  Pack comes with 2 spare nibs."
"Love these markers.  They are very bright, easy to use and fun for the whole family.  The customer service is top-notch, and they follow up with you to make sure that everything is to your liking.  I'm very pleased with this purchase."
"These markers are really great!  I love the bright colors and how easy they are to write with.  I had some trouble using them on my painted chalk board at first.  They wrote fine, but didn't erase completely.  I did receive an email from the seller before they even arrived, giving me tips on how to use them and warning me that they don't erase on some surfaces, so be sure to check a small area first.  I found a great tip on how to erase them though, just use a magic eraser!
About 3 days after they came, I got another email from the seller, giving me a free gift and checking to be sure they arrived and that I was happy with my purchase.  Awesome customer service!!!  Thank you for the great product and service.  I will definitely buy from you in the furture and recommend you."
Very satisfied with these! Can't wait to use them for our pregnancy announcement!
these do not flow consistently
They are more sold and make a better mark than more liquid chalk markers on the market.
"They are great. Bright colors, easy to use... perfect"
"These are pretty cool.  I use them to write my boyfriend's/my name on our lunches.  They can stain some types of tupperware plastic.  I had trouble getting the cap to close properly on one, and sometimes when you don't use them for a bit they can goop out after you shake them a bunch, so just try it on a piece of paper first."
"Love the colors and so easy to use.  So, many possibilities."
I absolutely love these markers! They write so well. Don't run at all and writes perfectly clear!
They worked exactly as I hoped!!  Easy to use and clean up and bright colors!!  If it's a new chalkboard - be sure to prep it first!
I got these for our black glass board at work & it works & looks great! It also works great on paper writing notes that the bright neon colors you can't miss. Great on my stainless steel fridge & granite counter tops. I like to doodle.
Love these markers! Works great...although not sure what to do with the brown and black marker...lol
"These are excellent markers! We purchased them for use on a blackboard that my kid and a friends made from mdf and chalkboard paint.

The nice people at Crafty Croc sent a follow up email reminding us that we needed to test the chalk markers on a small area of the painted chalkboard. We did this and found that the chalk markers erased just fine so we moved forward with letting the kids decorate the chalkboard as they pleased.

Excellent product, and even better customer support!!"
"These are awesome. Easy to use, easy to clean off.  Bright ,vibrant colors"
Love these! We have a chalkboard poster for our sales and future launching devices. The colors are vibrant and they really last a long time. We update our board every week and now 3 weeks later they are still pretty full and we use a lot to decorate our board. Easy to wipe off with water and mild soap (nothing abrasive or too much chemicals needed to clean). CraftyCroc also keeps in contact pretty regularly and even offered a coupon for next order! We will definitely be using these from now on and we are telling all the other stores about them for their chalkboards!
Love the quality and the product. You definitely get what you pay for!  Customer service has been top notch and item was delivered timely and in perfect condition. Enjoying my artistic side with these markers making chalkboard signs for an upcoming event. Colors are bright and easy to read and flow nicely once you get them primed. Photo was just me playing to see how they worked!  Fun!!!
Not so easy at first to figure out or to get the liquid to the writing tip. But the colors are amazing and they write with ease.
These would be great used on a regular chalkboard and the colors are so pretty and fun.  Unfortunately we used them on a wall that was painted with chalk paint and the marker won't come off now.  Time to repaint!
"I absolutely love these chalk markers. I've used several different brands, and the Crafty Crock ones are extra awesome with a reversible tip that's round on one side and chiseled on the other for a variety of projects. Based on my past purchases, I was given this product for demonstration and review purposes. Check out my video for a quick tutorial."
They work great! I really love them!!
Amazing product!
Several colors were very watery and ran out very fast. Will look for another brand next time
Fabulous color with a deep coverage.
white still seems to show the best
"My Grandchildren love these.  We have used them to decorate plates, cups and baskets for their rooms.  Awesome buy.  Will buy again."
"These are beautiful markers. They feel like chalk on the page. Rich, dense colours, never watery. Great coverage. The double ended tip allows you to choose the type of mark you wish to make. Great price, excellent quality, amazing customer service. I would definitely purchase any other of their products based on my experience of these markers."
"Gave these as a gift and my sisters love them! I gave them a dry erase board to use them on. They also used them on the windows in their house just for fun! As long as you wait until it drys, then it will erase just fine."
These are really nice. They work great!!!!!
Chalk pens not for use on chalk boards is simply ridiculous.
These chalk marker we're great! I used them for a window display and they worked great and super easy to clean off of the windows!!
Love the two tips work great
The markers are great! My daughter is having a blast with them! Thanks!
These markers are totally worth the price. They work so well and are so vibrant on the chalkboards. I definitely recommend them!
"Great colors, work well. We love these at work !"
"I just ordered my second package of these.  I originally ordered them a few weeks ago for the purpose of writing on the windows of a limousine for my daughter's ""Party Like A Rock Star"" bday party.  I had ordered another type of window markers before, Crayola brand, and they didn't stand out at all.  These are so bright!  I found them easy to use, with the exception being I waited too late in the day and the windows were really hot (I live in Texas) and so it made it difficult to write without burning myself.  Also they dripped a couple times.  I'm not sure if it was due to the hot windows, or if I just pumped them too much.  That caused a problem because I got purple on my white shirt (probably not a good idea to wear white when decorating), and it ALMOST washed out, but there is still a stain.  I used them on the limo and about 6 windows in the house and it turned out great!  So colorful and festive.  The girls loved having their names on the windows, and they got lots of attention.  I bought the second set just to have for fun although since they don't necessarily wash out of clothes I will need to keep that in mind.  But I liked some of the ideas about mirror notes, etc.  And we will certainly use them for special occasions.  These I will continue to order and keep on hand and I expect we will find many uses for them."
Work like a charm. Came fast. Easy to use. Get these if you need chalk markers. Awesome deal.
Product deliver quickly.  The Color of the markers is bright and beautiful.  Love it!  We have lots of fun writing it on difference surfaces.
"These liquid chalk markers are better than what I expected. They are nice and bold and glide smoothly.
What's even better than the markers though is the customer service I received from CraftyCroc. They contacted me via email to be sure that my order had arrived and included an e-book full of ideas for the markers.
I responded that my order had arrived and that I was very happy. I also informed them that one of my markers had leaked. I heard back from them with 24 hours and they were sending me a whole new set of markers!
Excellent customer service (a rarity these days) and excellent product! I will definitely be ordering from CraftyCroc again!
Thank you so much!!"
AWESOME customer service when I had some questions! Bright colors and easy to use!
"These chalk markers are so much fun to use.  I like that there are more variety of colors instead of the one I had before.  I'll be using this with my sons and will also use it as a permanent marker when I decorate their chalkboard wall paint.  This is easy to use that even my almost 3 years old son can play with it.  I'm glad I was able to get this item.

Disclaimer:  This product was bought at a promotional price for the purpose of a product review.  This is also an unbiased opinion."
"I love this chalk markers. While many people reviewed they use them with kids, I do not have any children, and have used them myself for crafts.

I used them to decorate a whiteboard by my desk, and plan on using them on chalk board labels on my bottles of cleaning supplies. I love that they are safe, non-toxic, and washable on the right surface.

Like the directions say DO NOT use them on a real chalkboard as they will not come off like regular chalk will. I suggest putting contact paper over your chalkboard if you want to use them on that. I love the assortment of colors that you get with them.
These are my honest opinions after having tried this product"
Great value I LOVE it
"Wow, these work great on dark cardstock! Easy to use."
Very good product !
"My purchase of colored liquid chalk markers from CraftyCroc was a most positive experience.  The markers are exactly what I wanted and arrived sooner than expected.  My order was complimented by receipt of follow-up emails designed to guarantee my satisfaction and ascertain that my order arrived as planned.  To further improve upon the experience, CraftyCroc  sent a complimentary e-book containing useful tips and creative ideas for the markers.  It is with great personal confidence that CraftyCroc will make you too, a satisfied customer."
These are working great for my menu board! I haven't tried to erase so that will be my real test!
Great color and intensity!!
so fun and very bright colors.
"The description really talked these chalk pens up, so I thought I would try them. They really are the best I've ever used. The chalk doesn't run or bubble like with other chalk pens I've used. I was starting to think that was just how all chalk pens were...not these. The colors are very vibrant too!"
Love them!!!
"Works great, as advertised.  Not sure about want to flip the tip around once they have paint on them. I prefer the chisel tip.  As with all these markers, it's getting them going that's a pain... shaking and priming them.  Be careful when priming them that you don't press too hard as it can mess up the tip where it won't be straight, it will leave raggedy lines. Wish you could get them like a box of crayons, say 64 colors?"
These were on the expensive side and I wish they had a wider tip.  They were great for writing but not so great for making pictures.  I wish they had a variety pack with different size tips.  Otherwise they were pretty good.
"does not wipe off, I have to repaint the slate"
"Ordered these for our Black Glass bulletin boards.  They are bright, easy to use, good colors.  They are much better than other products that we've tried.  Customer service is also excellent.  These are NOT for regular chalkboards.  The mfg. is very clear about that and even sent a preliminary email."
High quality. Writes clearly and the colors are vivid.
"I like this product.  The markers write nicely and are brightly colored.  Just he careful when putting the cap back on.  There is a rim on the inside of the cap and it is easy to make Contact with the tip of the marker and damage the tip.  Luckily, they include a few extra tips!  Overall, great product!"
These markers are awesome! I used them on black poster board to make a sign. It looks fabulous!
Beautiful and vibrant colors that write perfectly if you follow the directions provided. Would purchase again.
Love these
"Really like the CraftyCroc. They work really well on my classroom's whiteboards and windows. The colors I received didn't resemble the colors in the picture, there was no brown or black so the trunk of my tree is green (gotta make do with what I have).
In any case, the colors are bold and the markers are easy to work with. I'm a happy teacher and my classroom looks bright and pretty."
Love these markers. My friend gave me a small chalkboard for Christmas to be used at our summer place on the beach. I can't wait to have company and welcome them in the foyer or put up a menu or wish a Happy Independence Day!  The colors are bright and I did not have any trouble erasing on my test areas. I can't wait to really use them this summer.  The only thing is you have to remember to be very careful putting the covers on as you can easily ruin your tips.
"Follow directions and they work beautifully. Keep in mind these are not real ""chalk"", but are special markers intended for chalk boards."
"Although the markers look great in the board, they do not come off with ease. In fact, it stained and ruined my chalk board. Thank goodness for Amazon's great service to accept a return in both the markers and the chalk board."
"So far so good, colors are very bright and look great on chalkboard.  Wipes off easily.  Package also comes with two extra tips which is nice."
"I really liked the concept of these and truly wanted them to work!  They do write nicely on a variety of chalkboard sufaces, but they do not erase. I used several types of products to get the liquid chalk off my board, but no matter what it is still very noticeable - just lighter. I tired water, chalk board cleaner and Mr. Clean eraser. If Mr. Clean cannot get it off, it isn't coming off. I even tried to write over with fresh liquid chalk and erase it right away and now that part if a little darker than the rest. I guess it would be good on something you never want to change, but for chalkboard labels or chalkboard stickers, these don't work."
What fun these markers are!! They are so vibrant and so easy to use! What a fun craft item for crafters of all ages!  I would recommend these to all of my friends and teachers who love adding bright colors to their displays and posters!
I love these! We have so much fun leaving little messages on the bathroom mirrors to each other :) They clean off really easily too.
Love love these markers! They work perfectly with our chalkboards
The markers work really well.  The colors are nice and bright and vivid.  I appreciated the email with the tips on how to use them. Thank you!
"This was a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves the markers.  I have not used it.  Therefore, I am giving four stars only."
Tested before use as recommended.  cannot use on chalkboard paint despite what other reviews have suggested.  Otherwise good quality product.
I tested these at work they were bold enough color to catch the attention of our guests for our Specials normally we use only white I'm definitely going to keep using these sales boosted that day catching new ppl.
Not very good quality - I also have Bistro brand chalk markers and they cover so much better!  These chalk markers are almost watery looking and don't cover at all.  I won't buy them again!
"Not sure how to rate these, since they tend to be a little messy, in part, because of priming needed to start and continue working with each color. Switching the ends is very messy, but we found the pointier end, with thinner line, worked better.

I did not get any instructions with the product upon receipt, until an email arrived a day or two after it came, explaining a very complicated prep to use them. I don't think I would necessarily recommend them to others, but my granddaughters love to draw and create anything, so making a rainbow thank you card with them took their rapt attention!

Seller seems very interested in happy customers. I just wish the product itself had a ""tutorial"" for me upon opening. Had I known beforehand what it took to use and reload while one works with them ahead of time, I doubt I'd have purchased them. But they'll stay here anyway."
I use these markers a lot for my business special offers on Blackboard and on the front door...  they are FULL if paint and don't leak.  the colors are perfect and erase completely and last for several months of use.!  Plus they were on sale for half price.
"Honestly, I bought these out of curiousity. I'd never heard of or seen them before, but they came up in a search for Gel Markers (to use on my Crayola light designers). I decided to give them a try, and BOY am I glad I did!! After the grandkids and I danced around shaking the markers to Rock 'n Roll music, and the tips were loaded with color...WHAT A HAPPY SURPRISE!! INTENSE wonderful BRIGHT colors!!
Recommend to a friend? YOU BET!!
It's hard to see the full effect of the light designer in the picture, but you CAN see how intense and opaque the colors are."
"Nice bright colors, easy to use, but if you don't erase it the next day it's very hard to wipe it off the blackboard."
"Crafty Croc, I couldn't be happier with these markers! They are so fun to use! The bright colors are much more then I expected.
And I can write on many different surfaces. I actually used these on a couple small chalkboards and then I wrote on the top of my glass entertainment stand and then the TV while it was turned off. I think for families it would be fun to write on the kids T.V. ""Do your homework or Clean Your room, before you get T.V. Time!""
With Plans to put Chalk Boards in both my daughters bedrooms I think these will be awesome for them to have!
I really like how smooth they write. Makes it easy to make nice designs.
Oh, these would be fun to label cups during parties or family gatherings. The chalk would wash right off!

A big thank you to Crafty Croc for providing these markers to me at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review!"
These are great! The colors are very vibrant!
They do a great job!!! colors POP!!
"These work awesome! The colors stand out, they are easy to use! You can use these on virtually any chalk board. Be careful if you are a lefty because your hand may drag in the liquid chalk before it has a chance to fully dry."
Excellent!
Loved them!! Work great!!
"I purchased these markers to use for decorating my son's teachers windows for staff appreciation week. I love the versatility of the dual tip marker and the colors are vibrant and fun.  I would strongly recommend these markers.  I also received their chalkboard labels, a package of 64, with versatile and trendy designs.  They are great and definitely reusable.  I would highly recommend these as well."
"Terrible product. Ruined both of my chalkboards. Wish
I had stuck to good old regular chalk."
Absolutely fantastic!  I wish I had known about this earlier.
These are great. Im using the markers on a menu board I made from canvas.
"These markers are great! The colors are very vibrant. I use them on chalkboard contact paper on the checkout counter at my store. On the contact paper, I am able to easily erase the markers with water when I need to update the contents. Would highly recommend these."
I used these on a chalkboard for my son's birthday party and now I cannot get the chalk off. Basically ruined the board for any other purpose. Has anyone else had this issue? Recommendations for getting it off?
"I'm a chalkboard artist and I was really looking forward to this product since it had so many different colors. At first, I loved them because the liquid applied so nicely that I did not have to go back on my lettering to make it bolder. Everything was going great until I decided to go back to a portion of my chalkboard that had been dry only for 1 hour to make the font smaller. When I attempted to wipe it off, it left a noticeable trace on the chalkboard that I could not remove. I tried everything from water, soap and water, acetone, alcohol and even looked up other ways to try and remove it. I ended up giving up and just rewrote the text the same size as it was originally (not a completely ruined project). The chalkboard that I used was a chalkboard sheet (never written on before) opposed to a board that was painted with a chalkboard paint (that they warn you is extra porous). I do not see any reason why this would have been difficult to remove from the chalkboard I used.

I recommend this only if the chalkboard you are writing on is not going to be erased (like wedding chalkboards), if you are looking to use this for a menu or on a chalkboard, you should probably stay away."
"Fantastic Product! The markers are wonderful and perfect colors! Easy to use and the best results for my projects! I am a mom and a teacher, so these come in useful every day!"
easily to clean. bright colors
"The colors are super bright and look great against a black surface, however, these markers are not ""easy wipe off"" as suggested by CraftyCroc. Through some pre-purchase investigation I knew that these weren't great for chalkboard paint. However, I was under the assumption they were meant to be used on chalkboards. I purchased a brand new chalkboard for work and we almost had to replace it because we couldn't get these markers to come off.
I tried a dry cloth, nothing at all.
Then a wet cloth, with some smearing results.
Finally windex and a TON of elbow grease got my board almost back to normal.

Fortunately I only wrote on a small section as a test, however, if you look very closely you can still an extremely faint outline of what I wrote.

I would say definitely test these before writing on anything, and be very careful what you use them"
The markers are fine except the blue marker arrived empty and it's my favorite color:(
"I looked at a lot of chalk markers before finally settling on this one. They are extremely easy to use, and the ink flows smoothly. The colors are vibrant, and I love the reversible nib. I bought these to decorate the black sign board at work, but I tried them on my mirror first, and they worked very well. I waited a few days to review because I wanted to test how well they touch up -- so after leaving my test design on my mirror, I just went back in today to clean up some edges, and it was so easy to fill spots in without having to redo entire areas. What I appreciate most, though, is that shortly after I received the markers, I got an email from Crafty Croc with a detailed instruction ebook. (Would have been awesome to have received it sooner, BUT I wasn't expecting it at all, so it was a very nice surprise.) I like that the company took that extra step to make sure I was happy with their product."
"This is from the product description:
""Marvel at the ease of clean-up. When the fun's over simply wipe the surface off to start again!""
NOT!!  I bought an expensive chalk board from Hobby Lobby, decorated it with these markers, and it looked fabulous!!  Two days later, got a wet cloth and it will NOT COME OFF!  Panic!!  Then tried soapy water, windex, SCRUBBING.... nothing is working.  Apparently there are different types of surfaces of chalk boards??  TEST THIS on a small area of your board before you ruin your expensive board like I did."
work on my painted chalkboard
"I am SOOOOO in love with chalk markers!  We have used those chalkboard labels and a white chalkboard marker for a few months now, but I scored this colorful pack in a promotion and it's, like, the coolest thing ever.  I've given up on paper notes on my fridge and we now just keep this pack on top of it to write down and erase things as we need!  For the record, I have a black refrigerator and at first I was a little scared to write on it, but I'm glad I tried because it fully erases with no problem using my microfiber cloth (I don't know if I'd be so brave with stainless steel, but I guess it would be ok on that too!).  I've had a lot of fun leaving notes for my husband on the bathroom mirror as well, and the kids have LOOOOOOVVVVVEEEDDDD getting to use them on the windows!  I like them much better than the Crayola window markers because the colors are so much more vibrant and opaque.  They also don't smear as easily once the picture is dry, so their art work (and my fridge notes) can stay secure for a lot longer.  We found out accidentally that the tip is reversible thanks to my 2 year old, and also that they wipe off skin cleanly too.  I'm really excited about this product and when these eventually dry up, we'll definitely buy this pack again rather than individual markers... much cheaper this way!"
"These are really fun and great to use! I ordered another set before this and was not happy. I ordered these and am happy! It's worth the cost! Please follow the directions - as time is needed for the ink to flow to the the tip, but it will not take long. Use these - buy these! Fun colors and bright. Thanks. :)"
Does NOT work on chalkboards.
Great colors and visibility! They are also long lasting. We use these daily to update our drink specials on chalkboards. Watch the YouTube video about priming and care. It really helps toward their longevity.
"These work so much better for me than traditional chalk. I painted my indoor apartment brick wall with chalkboard paint and we were struggling to get very visible writing with traditional chalk. These markers more than did the trick!

When you get them, you have to let each of the markers bleed into the tips (which may take 30 seconds to a minute), but they seem to be usable on demand any time after that initial prep. Great markers and I highly recommend them."
"I am using these liquid chalk markers on blackboard paint. Like stated they do stain the blackboard paint. The reversible tips are nice, we have little use for the chisel tip, all the colors work well on the blackboard paint. To remove the stains left behind we use the ""Mr. Clean magic eraser"". 4 stars because they stain the blackboard paint severely, cleaning with a wet paper towel is basically pointless."
"Great quality and awesome colors I couldn't find anywhere locally. I live in Sacramento and would expect with all the art stores we have, some of them would carry brown, but I couldn't find it anywhere. Glad I found these because not only did they have better colors, red, orange, brown, but they are also at a much better price. I was paying $4 for each pen at a local art store. I'll happily return to buy more of these when the time comes for a reorder."
"Wow!!! I really enjoy the quality of these markers. Follow the instructions and free tip guides and you'll be pleased. Great colors, smoothness, and clean-up."
Great markers.  Much better than regular chalk.  The pink didn't work as well as the others thus the four starts.  Overall my kids love these.
I'm absolutely and definitely IN LOVE with those markers ! Bought them to write on my self-made chalkboard and I'm having SUPER fun. They work both on white plastic film or black. The colors are firm and they erase with a sponge with a bit of water. I do plan to get more when those are over and done with.
These markers were just what I wanted. The ink is bright and the colors are great. They are a good value.
"They work great for chalk board stickers I have not used it on an actual chalk board so I don't know how well it would do.
They were also sent to me sooner then I expected."
"This was my first use of chalk markers - I found them quite fun!

Don't expect smooth application (like ink markers) of the chalk liquid, have rag near by if you need to turn the dual tip (which was an added bonus - having a chisel and a rounded tip all in one!) and be patient... you may have to go over your work multiple times to achieve the desired effect.

The thing that frustrated me about this product however was the ""priming"" - I followed the directions to a T on the product packaging and found that it took me longer than implied (it doesn't state a time specifically but the implication is just mere minutes IMHO), approximately 20-25 minutes of shaking and pressure release to get liquid to fill the tip so the marker could be used as directed."
"It's difficult to get the ink into these to write the first time--but they are vibrant and fun to use, we painted our 12 year old son's closet with chalkboard paint and he enjoys writing on it with these almost as he enjoys video games--this brand washes off nicely with a damp cloth. A great gift."
These are a hit! Very easy clean up.
These markers are so fun to use!  My kids and I love using them on our sliding glass door and front window and mirrors.  These work on pretty much any non porous surface and cleanup is easy. The markers wipe away easily with a damp cloth or paper towel.  The reversible tip is great.  You can switch from round to chisel and priming the tip is quick and easy.  We used these to decorate for St. Patrick's Day and now can't wait for Easter!  I'm so happy we received a coupon code to try these out for a promotion.  Kids and adults of all ages will have a lot of fun with these!
"The good is the chalk markers themselves are very pigmente.  The bad is that it will not come off of my chalk board fre I have in my kitchen!!!!!!!!  We've grown d, warm soapy water. Wash cloth, cleaning spray.  Nothing has worked :("
Very pleased with these markers. My daughter used it on multiple surfaces without an issue. Took a few minutes to initially get it going but once it did it worked great. The fact that I received this at a promotional discount makes it even better.
Love all the colors on the chalkboard. Cool stuff!
"These are so wonderful! I use them for our chalkboard at work. If I could fix anything though it would be having to shake them for 10 min every time I need to use them. I keep them positioned down like it says but in transport they tend to go on their back so I guess that's why. But they also dry out pretty easily. But when they work, they're so smooth and wonderful to use."
These chalk markers are fantastic!  Great opacity and vibrant colors!  I would purchase these again without hesitation.
These markers work great on my chalkboard tap handles for my purposes. Has a nice fine tip for precise writing.
The markers don't write uniformly.
"These are the worst chalk markers I've ever purchased. They worked great the first time I used them, but they are now awful. The chalk either doesn't come out at all or a huge glob comes out at once. Not all of the caps fit firmly on to the markers which likely dries them out. I only purchased these to use once a month to make a monthly sign for my son each month (bought these when he turned 4 months and he is now 6 months). When I got the markers out to make his 6 month sign they were just a mess. Unfortunately it is past the date to return these. I'm very disappointed. "
The colors are vibrant and look great on our chalkboard.  My kids love them.
"This is a very vibrant set of liquid chalk markers. I used to make many chalkboard looking birthday signs on dark black foam paper. However these are a bright neon effect. Of particular note is that pink is neon, the red is more muted and the yellow is more muted so not exactly in the same color scheme."
"These CraftyCroc chalk markers are great. I have been wanting to try some so when these were offered during a promotional period I jumped right on the deal. These are great! I had purchased a decorative chalk board for a Christmas present & have been unable to find any chalk that would write on it due to its slick finish. These chalk markers are just the thing I have been needing!! They are great! They write super well on this chalkboard that nothing else would write on, they are great on glass & chalkboard clings as well. These chalk markers prime easily, are not messy & easily wipe off with a damp sponge or cloth. I love them as does my teen & my two preschools. They are easy to use for all ages & we have just had so much fun with them. The colors are super bright & eye catching, it's hard to put them down once you get started ""creating"" with them. The possibilities are many! I would definitely recommend these to anyone!"
"Purchased these with a discount code and are still worth every penny at full price.  These are so much fun to use.  I'm not a very craft person and even for me they were still easy to use.  The tips of the markers have 2 different sides that way you can make sure your design will be exactly what you want.  I'm actually looking around the house for things to use these on!  And as a reminder, always test the area before you actually begin."
Awesome markers! Worked perfectly for my son's 1st birthday chalkboard! Bright vibrant colors and easy to wipe clean and redo incase of mistakes!
"My toddler and I are very much enjoying these liquid chalk markers! We had never used them before, but decided to give them a try when we received a coupon code. They work great, and the colors are very bright and vibrant. So far, we have only used them on her chalk board; they easily erase with a damp cloth. We are also planning to use them to draw on windows as well, especially on rainy days. They are very easy to use: just press the tip and shake until the color comes down. I love the assortment of colors, as well!"
These are awesome! I love them and worked perfectly for the project I was attempting!
this is a great buy
These are wonderful! So bright and vivid. Craft croc is an amazing vendor. They follow up to make sure you received the product and have no problems. Wonderful experience.
"When I got a coupon to try these out in exchange for my thoughts, I couldn't wait!  I had been wanting to try some of these awesome chalk markers!  I've seen them all over the internet and in public.  These are great!!  They are a great tool for businesses, crafting, and just for fun!  My girls are currently selling cookies, so I decided that I would write on our window and on our cars, advertising to the public that we are selling.  All my kids got really excited about these and wanted to draw with them.  I love the bright colors, the smooth flow of the pen, and that you can use the tip two ways.  I also wrote on my neighbors window and she got a good laugh out of it.  We'll be using these a lot!  I can't wait to put public awareness info on my car (similar to the awareness ribbons), advertise for stuff, cheer on local teams, play with my kids, welcome visiting family, etc.

Oh and I rolled down one of the van windows and was surprised that the writing wasn't messed up at all!!  Awesome quality!"
Bought these as part of a promotion. I have been wanting to try them for a while. Love that they come in several vibrant colors. They are easy to use and stand out very well on a bright surface. I feel like they wipe off easier than traditional dry erase markers do When used on a dry erase board. I used them at work with some of my tactile defensive kids. They loved writing on the chalkboard without having to touch the chalk plus the colors are more Vibrant. Thsee come with a couple extra tips which was great because kids can be rough on stuff like this.
"I am excited to have a variety of colors to use for our chalk board, especially close to Easter! We use our chalkboard for our cafe area at our church plant, and this is going to be such a wonderful addition!! As soon as our artist designs something, I will update with a picture! I did receive a promotional discount for this product, and all opinions are my own!"
"My kids and I have had SO much fun with these!  I was able to order these chalk markers during a promotional period and we have been using them to decorate the house for spring. These markers have been fantastically easy to use.  The pigment applies in a smooth, even stroke.  It dries quickly and doesn't smudge like regular chalk, and yet comes off effortlessly with a damp cloth.  The colors themselves are beautiful and vibrant and the variety has been sufficient for all our projects.  Every window in our house now sports a colorful spring scene, and yet the markers show little to no wear.  I have used them on glass, labels, plastic bottles, and metal and have had no problems with staining.  All I need now are more projects!"
"I LOVE Crafty Croc products! I have lots of labels and white markers so when I was offered a coupon for the colored markers I was thrilled! Now I can add some bright bold color to my label projects and let my imagination run free!

They arrived on time and packaged well, as usual. The array of 10 different colors is fantastic! Especially my 2 favorites, lime green and purple. I am just gearing up to use these for signs/prices for jewelery I sell at various venues and they have been invaluable. I was having fun with the plain white ones, now I can get more creative. The instructions were easy to follow: shake, tap to get the flow started, and start creating! I love the narrower tip but took a couple of tries to get it down. Very easy!! My labels are small and I can't wait to have a larger surface to run wild on.

When I was reading the box, I saw that there is a variety of surfaces that the Crafty Croc Liquid Chalk Markers can be used on, such as glass to name one (other surfaces include plastic, metal, glossy board, LED boards and other non-porous surfaces). I want to start a project of vintage jars holding various homemade household projects. I tested the markers on a jar and it turned out fabulous! Cannot wait to have a whole shelf filled with pretty, artistically marked jars! I am far from artistically inclined but these colored markers are inspiring me to try.

The liquid chalk wipes off if you made a mistake or want to make changes. Also, the package came with a couple of replacement nibs so you can replace the worn ones on your favorite colors.

THANK YOU Crafty Croc!! Having a blast with my new markers!"
"As a mother and photographer chalk is essential to my life. I had never used chalked markers before. So when I order these through a promotional period for my opinion. I was super excited. When I received them, I noticed they were a lot like paint pens. They were great quality and easy to use. I have them for our family chalk board, labels on mason jars, mirrors for quick notes, and on my car window for exciting messages. They do not smear after they dry like regular chalk, comes off clean with a wet sponge, and there is ""NO CHALK DUST!"" I have used the pens to put color highlights in my children's hair. ((After checking a small area first to make sure it was safe.)) They have blonde, brown and red hair. It washed right out with shampoo and water. I am now a firm believer in chalk markers and will be recommending these to friends and family."
"Rich colors, vibrant intensity and has reversible tips (they even included 2 spares). I've tried neon expo markers and The Board Dudes Chalk Markers, but they just weren't very intense. Fantastic product, exactly what I was looking for."
"I was looking for some markers for my wife to label our kitchen jars, dog treats, etc. I had heard about this ""chalk markers"" craze and I figured I would see what it was all about. I was able to pick up these markers and the labels from the same seller while they were on discount. I thought even if I didn't like them, I wouldn't be out much. I found out quickly they are quite different than the standard markers from school. They have a very vivid color and leave a texture to them that gives the label a bit of character. I now realize that these types of markers are the same that many deli or coffee houses use in their windows for that eye catching appeal. This set that I bought was nice not only for the quality of the marker, but also for the quantity in the package. It makes a great starter set to get your creative juices flowing. My wife and I are very happy with the added charm that these chalk markers have given us."
"Was looking for chalk markers to help fill out the new menu boards at work, these where great! Each marker has a very vibrant and rich color that stands out great against the black chalkboard. Had tried some cheaper markers from a caft store and they would bleed and leave heavy blotches but the reversible tip on these works great for precision writing and they have a great life span. Using 3 primary colors I was able to fill out five 4x3 foot menu boards."
"Officially in love with Crafty Croc liquid chalk markers! I have tried other brands of liquid chalk markers and they just don't compare to Crafty Croc. The colors are so bright and bold, they really stand out on any surface. I have used my markers mostly on regular chalk boards, chalk labels, picture frame glass, and white board. They are so easy to use, my 6 and 9 year old daughters love them. The liquid chalk goes on nicely and stays on until you are ready to remove it. Removing it is so simple, all you need is a damp cloth and it wipes right off without the chalky residue that regular chalk leaves. These would be perfect for any chalkboard sign for a business or just one you have in your home. I was asked to review these but all opinions are my own and I would recommend them to anyone wanting to venture out beyond the regular old dry chalk."
"<div id=""video-block-R2RF69RV9EAV4B"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1Fem4FuReS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81BKnqZUy-S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Disclaimer: I did receive these items for free or at a reduced price in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own.

#CraftyCroc are superior to any other brand of liquid chalk marker I have used - in my opinion - and here is why. They primed faster and the liquid chalk was more fluid when I drew, colored or wrote with them. Even after the #CraftyCroc chalk markers had set for a few minutes, they were still primed. The tips of these markers remained perfectly pointed. I also loved the free e-book that I received filled with lots of great craft ideas!

The #CraftyCroc liquid chalk markers are non-toxic - so they are safe for kids to use, they are water based so they are easy to wipe off with a damp rag. For smaller mistakes, try a drop of water on a Q-Tip. I did and it worked perfectly! Just be sure not to soak the Q-Tip.

The selection of colors in the Mega 10-pack was great - there are vibrant, bright colors and darker colors such as black and brown. I appreciate that I don't have to run out to buy those colors separately. The package also contained a white chalk marker although I did opt to get a package of just white from #CraftyCroc since black and white chalk crafts are so popular these days. Plus I might need extra white liquid chalk to go underneath the colored chalk to make it stand out on dark colored projects such as the cards I did for the video.

The chisel tips on this set seem more durable - and are reversible plus it came with 2 extra chisel tips. I did not attempt to remove any of the tips however to find out how well that worked.  The packaging is attractive, they came well packaged and undamaged plus they are artist quality. I know I am going to be getting a lot of milage out of these #CraftyCroc Liquid Chalk Markers."
Could not get it off chalkboard.  Luckily I searched and found someone used Mr Clean Eraser and that worked
"I've had my eye on these markers for a while and was thrilled when given the opportunity to purchase as part of a promotion.  My kids love these, they work great on both sides of our easel (chalkboard and white board) and it keeps them entertained for hours.  The colors are vibrant and bold and they wipe off easily.  I highly recommend this product!"
These are by far the best chalk markers we've ever owned. The colors are vibrant and it stays put. We used them on the windows and they look great. I purchased these as part of a promotional offer and an so happy I took advantage of it!
"These are vibrant and colorful.  We use them to post Specials for breakfast, then change it for lunch, then change it for dinner on a blackboard.  Absolutely love them so far.  Longevity of ink amounts and tips holding up longer than 30 days will determine repurchase."
these are really neat! I am so glad that I found them on Amazon.  Great price too!
The markers are so easy to use and the colors are beautifully brilliant!  Customer service was fantastic sending out a replacement when a color wasn't working correctly. I would definitely recommend this product and company
"<div id=""video-block-R9PX95W1DJVZF"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D10UgIJ6FnS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1hcP77tudS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Included in the 10 pack are 10 liquid markers in various neon colors (purple, orange, white, brown, black, red, yellow, light blue, green, and pink) along with 2 spare tips.

Each of the markers is brightly colored and looks really cool when applied.  Each marker has a reversible tip, one side rounded (for a thicker line) and one with a sharper tip edge for finer writing.  Although I am primarily using these to label various containers, these can be used on any non-porous surface such as glass.  To use these, you have to shake the marker and prime the tip before you start marking things with them.  I found that these primed pretty quickly.  Properly primed, these mark smoothly and easily and if I mess up, I just wipe it off.  The marker ink dries pretty quickly after applying and easy to clean up.  Kids will have definitely enjoy using these cause as an adult I am.

5 stars

I was provided a sample for review and I do not promise a good rating in return, nor am I affiliated with this company or compensated in any way. I am just a regular Amazon customer who shops a lot on Amazon."
These are wonderful! I just purchased a set for a fellow teacher.  They do not stain our chalkboards at school - I have my state standards and the weeks assignments up all week - and they clean off perfectly with just water and paper towels or a sponge.
"I was excited to see the CraftyCroc chalk markers available for review promotion. I already own the Crafty Croc chalkboard labels, so I was super excited to try out the liquid chalk markers as well.  They came in a simple box with no extra packaging (something I'm always happy to see), and each marker top was clearly labeled with its colored cap. There were two additional tips included in case you need to swap one out in the future.

The markers are very easy to use and they work exactly like a paint pen. You simply press down on the tip one or two times, and viola!, it's ready to go. After writing with the markers, I found it took approximately 5 minutes to dry completely, and even a week or so later, I don't see any lightening or discoloration of the shade. Some reviewers mentioned that after erasing, you could see a bit of the previous markings as a stain; however, this didn't happen on the chalkboard labels.

One small note: be sure to put the cap back on carefully. There is an inner ring in the cap (I assume to help it from drying out), but as I was recapping the marker, I accidentally hit the inner ring, and it depressed the tip of the marker enough to damage it, thus creating a ""skip"" in the coloration."
"I was glad to review when asked after I saw this promotion. I've had my eye on these kind of markers for a while and was so happy when I came across these. The markers are in a slick package of two rows of five. The colors are just what I expected, its the same as the pictures in the posting. It also had 2 extra tips in a little zip lock bag that I just store in the box. We have a big mirror in the kids bathroom that I used these markers for. It came out great (well maybe not my drawing but the markers did the job perfectly!) Can't wait to use these for the next project! I might just buy these for my crafty friend's next birthday!"
"Wipes off easily with water. Does not work in our produce market, will not be buying again. The colors are great and vibrant, just will not work with our business."
"We bought these markers for our at home bar menu. Since they say they won't work with painted chalk boards I used a picture frame with a piece of black paper inside of it to make the ""chalkboard"". This is an awesome way to explain to people what we can make and it is very versatile. These markers are great because of the fine chisle tip they work well for writing and the bullet tip is fun to draw with. Once they dry they do slightly come off of the glass but not enough to really smudge the writing. Also you can write right over other DRIED colors with out smudging. Overall these are great markers and they even come with extra tips just in case."
"These are so cool!  I have wanted to try chalk markers for a while, so I was really excited to be able to try them out as a promotional product.  I have a three year old and we are always drawing things on our sliding glass door window because it's like a giant canvas compared to him.  The color on these is much more vibrant than the other window markers that I have and there's a better variety of colors as well.  We can draw anything that he can think of!  I also have a small dry erase board with a black ""chalkboard looking"" side, and have always used the dry erase crayons for that - but they don't always look great or have that ""chalk"" look.  These are perfect for that as well!  We have a newborn, so I am SO excited to have a better option for all of this cute Pinterest Chalkboard ideas for pictures!!  Love these and wish I had tried out chalk markers sooner!!  I feel so creative :)"
"These chalk markers are very nice.  The colors are bold, vibrant, and great fun to play around with.  The tips are reversible with a round tip on one end and a chiseled on the other. - double the fun!  Plus, there are two spares nibs that come with this set.  That's a welcome addition because I once accidentally put the lid on at an angle and split the chisel tip which resulted in, no surprise, a split line.  I know now to be careful.

The chalk does seem to be a bit thin, so you want to be careful to release pressure on the tip as soon as you notice the chalk flowing.  A little practice goes a long way. [ Also, make certain your grandson has the lid on when he shakes the pen........ ;) ] Thankfully, these chalk markers clean up easily. While wet, a damp cloth is all you need to clean and start over.  Once the chalk dries, a dry cloth works well.

Also, we tried layering the colors on a window and found that you should not draw over liquid chalk that has dried.  You will end up scraping off the dried chalk and depositing it on the tip of your pen.  Again, a little care and practice goes a long way.

I was happy to receive these markers during a promotion, and even happier to write this review.  They are simply great fun!"
Being a mom to three I am always looking for fun and creative craft ideas.  That is why I was happy to receive a discount code for these liquid chalk markers.  I love how they are brightly colored and easy to use.  I also love that they work fantastic on the glass front of my stove front of my dishwasher.  It means the kids have a fun and new way to create while I am busy in the kitchen.  They are easy to clean up and now a go to for creative time! Really looking forward to using them to use as part of my party sign decorations as well for the kids birhtdays!
"LOVE, these  work awesome on my daughters white /dry erase board at home, and it gives her the colors for the pictures she likes to draw.
 The Consistent time frame on when these items run out of their colors are unknown at this time, but so far she using them every day or every other day for the past week. with no issues on colors fading and they have not created any mess in the room for cleaning."
They work very well BUT a bit of a pin to clean. best way i found was first using hot soapy water than using water than using windex.
These markers stained my chalk board.  I had left a Christmas message on my board for the holidays and it ended up staining my expensive and favorite chalkboard.  I was able to get the majority of it off with a Magic Eraser but you can still see some faint lines.  I love the idea of chalk markers and it was fun to write with them but now I'm scared to try it again.  The colors were very bright and vibrant.
"We have a family of 7 (2 adults and 5 children) so we have a very busy schedule.  When I saw a promotion for this chalk markers I jumped on the deal!  I used a color coded calendar for my husband's work schedule, and each child has a different color for their sport schedules.  These liquid chalk markers have a typical highlighter tip and are easy to prime.  The colors are bight and beautiful!  The colors do not run or make a mess (unless you accidentally touch a spot that is not dry yet) and wipes clean with just a damp cloth.  They are nontoxic and water based so I am comfortable letting my 3 year old twin go to town with them!  It is so much more fun to allow them to use these liquid chalk markers and just wipe them clean.  Instead of scrubbing maker off their bodies they can spend more time coloring and even wipe their hand themselves."
"These are the coolest markers! I Love that they come in so many colors, not just white. I got them to use on the chalkboard labels. They work so well! The colors are great! Now I want to make a chalkboard wall to maybe make a chore chart, or leave fun notes for my kids! They are erasable of course. I was lucky enough to get these during a promotional period, I jumped on them! I used them on my whiteboard also. And have used them to write fun notes to the kids on the windows. These would make such an awesome gift!"
Took off one of the caps and it exploded and ruined my pants and couch!
cool
excellent product perfect for the special board at work !!! Bright beautiful colors . Love how they look on glass I couldn't be happier with these chalk markers !! Please please come out with more color choices!!!
I have recently started to get more into craft projects with my son so I was delighted to get these during a promotion. I was surprised how quickly they shipped out to me and the customer service I received with them. They are definitely Mega Markers compared to other ones I have purchased. The reversible tip is also a great benefit so I only need one set of markers in the craft box now.
Perfect for my new kitchen Chalkboard!
"Rich, vibrant colors make these markers stand out! I purchased these with a coupon to use on chalkboard stickers. I've recently started making mason jar salads and I wanted a way to label my salad variations. These markers were easy to use and looked fantastic on my stickers! I'm ready to get more stickers to work on organizing my pantry. The packaging also lists a bunch of other uses which have my creative juices flowing (and I'm not a super crafty person)! I plan on making gifts using picture frames- letting my kids draw on the glass. The creative possibilities are endless!"
"These Chalk Markers by Crafty Croc have been the perfect addition and compliment to the chalk labels I purchased a little while ago.  I was given the opportunity to purchase both as part of a promotion and I have been very happy with these products.  The markers arrived just in time to be snowed in with my 6 year old daughter.  We had a ton of fun decorating our windows with snowflakes and little sayings to pass the time.  I absolutely love how versatile the markers are.  I was expecting them to only be used on chalkboard type surfaces, but NO!  They can be used on windows, plastic, dry erase boards, etc.  AND, they wipe off super easy with just a wet cloth.  I will certainly enjoy using these for fun at home, as well as, to jazz up my instruction in my classroom at school."
"Pros:
1) love the colors

Cons:
1) they simply do not fully erase.  (See pic) ...Ive read other comments that say to purchase a magic eraser... I feel if that's the only way to fully erase this product, it should have been included with the markers especially at this VERY HIGH price point.

2) There is a major design flaw in the cap.  (The cap, if not put on properly ruins the tip)

3) changing out the tip is a mess.

4) I find I have to prime (shake) the pen consistently in order for it to work halfway through writing.. Very frustrating.

5) These run out of ink quickly.

Bottom line, disappointed in these, I will not be purchasing these again

UPDATE:  I purchased the Bistro brand set of chalk markets I highly recommend them, much better quality!"
Markers work just like they say....amazing!  And the company is awesome....they follow up your order with tips and instructions.  Very quick to respond to questions.  Great results with the markers on mirrors and chalkboards!
Great vibrant colors.
"These are SO FUN! I cannot  believe that I got them at such a great promotional price, because these are seriously a blast! The colors are super bright and fun, and they work really well with my chalkboard stickers! I am currently using them to organize my kid's toys, and they are working so well. I just followed the instructions to get them going (shake well, press down, give it a few - the ink will flow!) and then went crazy with my labels. I really enjoy that there are 10 different colors that ALL look awesome. Even my kid loves to play with them! When these run out, I'll definitely be buying more!"
"So fun! My 5 yr old LOVES to use these to do fun drawings on our glass slider door.
We also write little notes and pictures on our door about what is on the schedule for our day so our kids have an idea of what to expect.
I cant wait to do more fun crafts with these! Easy clean up too! Got as a promo deal and so happy with them I will be buying more!"
These are so much fun and really show up brightly.  They work just like paint pens where you have to shake them before use and prime the tip.  But they do not have the strong odor that paint pens have.  I love them!
I love this product! The colors are bright. Exactly what I was looking for in liquid chalk.
They worked great for me. I had no problems.
Great product!
"I ordered these chalk markers on a promotion for my opinion, and I could be more pleased!! The markers are well packaged and include a variety of bright colors. They are easy to use and wipe clean (similar to a dry erase board). Once the marker paint dries, the paint does not smudge, which is nice. These are great for decorating glass or for use at a party because they are not permanent and clean easy. I am really excited to use these at my son's upcoming birthday party!"
Love these!
"These seemed nice at first, but after a couple of uses, they began to stop working. I use these for our chalkboard menu at work and I have to shake them forever or the liquid runs down the chalkboard and there is little to no pigment that comes out sometimes. The design on the lid also causes you to create an indentation on the marker tip so that when you write there's a line throughout your marker stroke. Would recommend these if you plan to use them a couple of times, but not frequently."
"Markers work great, I was worried they wouldn't work on a chalkboard but not only do they work well but they also erase perfectly with a damp cloth.  Highly recommend."
"So far so great, I could not however wash them off this mini chalkboard I bought. It was 2.99..so I'm not out much, but where do you find non porous chalk boards? I love how well they work and the colors are so bright! Just make sure you use them on the right surface."
nice pens
"I guess it's inherent that chalk markers are a bit fussy to work with, what with the shaking and priming, etc.  These markers work well and are nice and bright.  I use them on a chalk board inside my pantry.  One issue - they are extremely tightly capped.  This is positive in that it keeps them from drying out too quickly but I managed to yank the top off the red pen.  So one pen down due to my impatience, fine - except that it splattered on my clothes, linoleum floor and wood drawer.  I got most, but not all, of it up - so uncap with a bit of patience!"
"These markers are bright and colorful. I painted the side of my kitchen counter (it sticks out like a bar) with latex chalkboard paint and tried these out after it was thoroughly dry. As CraftyCroc warns, they did leave a tiny stain but it came right off with a magic eraser and doesn't bother me. Now I want to paint a wall chalkboard and use these markers to make a semipermanent calendar template and grocery list outline. We can write the groceries on it with regular chalk, take a phone pic and look at the photo of the list at the store. Thanks, craftycroc!"
"I just got these in the mail about 30 minutes ago. I wrote on black chalkboard contact paper, and they wrote beautifully! (I read that these are not for chalkboard PAINTED items, so you might want to get some of the contact paper) Followed the instructions, which I already knew how to do (I work in a craft store), and it was so easy. I will update if after a period of time my opinion changes."
"This is the third brand I've tried.  While I love the colors, they don't all ""work"" the same.  The white, red, yellow, green and blue are vibrant and opaque.  The purple, pink and orange are thin and watery.  Not sure if it happens with all of them or if I got a ""bad batch,"" so to speak."
Beautiful bright colors! Chalk always looks so muted and is just a plain mess. But I was so happy to see that these were liquid. So NO DUST! Anyone with asthma realizes the awesomeness of this. You do have to prime each chalk stick which takes an extra step but also keeps them from drying out as quickly. We tried these promotional markers out on a chalk board and paper. Both were very bright and fun. And wiped off easy with a damp cloth on the chalk board. And extra bonus for me was the nice tip. I have struggled with fancy writing and fat chalk in the past but these are perfect for those decoration signs!
Based on the reviews I purchased the chalk markers for a chalkboard. I tested the first time that I used the markers in a corner and came off nicely. When I wrote all over the board and left for three days. I had a very hard time removing the marker. The only way that I was successful in removing most of the marker was using a magic scrub. Love the colors but too hard to remove from my chalk board.
"Cool idea for crafts. Not the best for scrapbooking, though. Great gift idea for any crafty and artsy person"
"I am a teacher and I use these for formative assessment. Students love writing on their desks with these and create intricate models and concept maps. The colors on these things are amazing and the reversable tips allow for incredible precision. Definitely a 5/5 product, I would highly recommend these to anyone."
Great markers
A few of the markers broke right away.  The tips got a little yucky pretty quickly.  I think I'll try a different brand next time.  Some colors work better than others.
"These work great on our contact paper chalkboard on the side of our fridge. The colors are vibrant. They paint flows well and they were easy to prime and get started. The only reason I'm giving a 4 star rating instead of a 5 is the cap is a bit tricky to get on properly without damaging the tips of the markers. I could see this being an issue for some people. Other than that though, they are great and fun to use."
"These markers are great!  We have a vinyl poster 'board' in our kitchen and the white marker that came with it just wasn't cutting it.  Someone recommended liquid chalk and these markers are terrific!!  They are bold, the colors allow me to use different colors for different kids...excellent!  I don't use them every day so they need to be primed a little each time but that is no problem. I would absolutely recommend these markers!"
"I'm using this to write on a variety of surfaces:  Chalk, painted metal, bare metal, and dry erase.  I haven't had a single problem.  The colors are very bright.
Having interchangeable tips is a nice bonus."
"Beautiful, Bright Color! like all chalk markers, you need to erase with a wet then dry sponge or magic eraser. I love these markers so I don't mind. The colors are very neonlike in color they keep u motivated to stay organized."
"Very easy to write with, and markers didn't run. Final product was clear and clear to read. Love these!!!!"
"Beautiful color along with OUTSTANDING customer service make these the Chalk Markers to purchase. This company also gives great tips via email on how to use the product, and emphasize when their chalk markers might not be the best thing. (rare these days!!) LOVE LOVE LOVE CraftCroc markers and will but them again!"
Love these chalk markers!!! I received them very promptly and I have been using them almost non stop!! I even bring them into work to use on our specials board
"Bold colors, removes with little effort when using windex or Lysol. Stays put even when touched repeatedly."
"After a few uses, I unfortunately have to update my original  positive review...

The colors are still vibrant and show up nicely. However, after just a few uses several of the tips have started to fray, which makes them useless for writing as the letters turn out blurry and jagged."
"Totally awesome! ""Chalk"" flows well and colors are bright. Nice clean lines and no chalky powder fall out. Wipes off perfectly."
"I have had a hard time finding these and so to Amazon.  Well made, good price."
I give a 4 only because one was all dried out & wouldn't work..BUT these are beautiful & fun to use..my granddaughter seemed to like them..bright & colorful..i am using them on the chalkboard side of her easle & as she gets old my take is she will love these even more. They go on smooth & wet & turn just like chalk as stated but actually erase much easier & completely than real chalk...will buy more...
I am absolutely in love with these CraftyCroc Liquid Chalk Markers!! They are so bright and vibrant in color. I haven't had any issues removing designs from windows or glass surfaces. Definitely a must have for anyone who loves arts and crafts! I received this product in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Basic doesn't stand out
"I love these bright, beautiful colors. You can write on just about anything, and as long as it is not porous, and whip it off when you are done. Leave notes on your dishwasher, dryer, etc. Great for decorating for parties and making signs.  They are great to use make signs and pictures for the holidays on windows and glass doors."
The tips are fragile and the lid fits on in a strange way. It seems that the tops damage the tips easily.
"I am super disappointed in this product. When it arrived i tried each color by drawing a line next to my other marker set and at first I was impressed with the vibrant colors it produced. When my other set had to retire from overuse soon after...this set was then required to produce more than just a line at a time.

I have to say, though this is not the cheapest product on the market, to which i can say i got what i paid for...this did not hold on to its neon color for long. It seems like no matter how much i shake them (until i thought vertigo was going to be an issue) they wrote in a more watery consistency. So i would have to constantly shake and press on the tip until that vibrant color returns. But like Nessy the sightings are few and getting further in between. I guess i should have paid a little more and just stuck to my first set of markers. If you look at my pictures. This is with constant depressing of the tip and mind you. These are still almost brand new."
"Love it. Bright, clean and playful. Will buy more in future!"
"These worked great...at first! But by the second or third use, the marker tips had started to fray and I could no longer use them. I returned them the next day."
"I love these! Easy and fun to use, and great quality!"
Customer service was great and good chalk as well
"Markers are bright and colorful! Ink flows well and loving this brand. I have tried other chalk markers, and these are a great price in comparison and work very well."
Fun chalk markers in great colors.  I use them to write on our chalkboard and my children enjoy writing on the windows with them.
I would recommend this product.  Easy to use and the colors are vibrant.
"OMG the customer service for this company can't be beat. 2 of my markers were a bit watery and I wasn't pleased with them. I contacted the company and they replaced ALL 10 markers and have me a refund and gave me a free gift. I mean, really? I like the markers overall, but I do also like the chalk ink brand (I prefer their earthy colors) - however, as a cheaper alternative these do the trick. That said, I'm using them on a PAINTED surface, it's not exactly ""smooth"" so that could be affecting the ease with which these write - still, I was happy with these overall. Give them a try! It's essentially risk free!"
"Purchased these for chalk wall in kitchen. I thought they were a little expensive but if it saves the pile of dust that real chalk leaves it would have been worth it! Unfortunately these are for whiteboards only, description should have included this."
Bright colors. Hard to remove.  Not what I expected. Expected to wipe right off:-(
Was VERY disappointed that these could not be used on PAINTED blackboard surfaces.
good
My wife purchased these and uses them all the time.  They write great and don't smudge much at all.  The chalkboard writing comes out great with them.
Love these markers! They look so much better than regular chalk. Vibrant colors!
Run a bar and wrote up my specials on our chalk board with these - never looked so good!
"These are bright and easy to use HOWEVER, they do not erase off the chalkboard surfaces once dry."
They just work great. The colors are bright too
Love these. Great quality! Everyone loves how bright they are!
"These write well, but if they aren't erased within a few days (like on a chalkboard calendar), it is almost impossible to get the ink off. I won't be using them again if I don't plan on erasing right away."
"My family absolutely loves these markers, we leave love notes, jokes, and inspirational messages to one another daily in really unique places. So much fun to use and super easy to clean. We will definitely purchase again."
"I just love these markers, the write nice and clean, they don't leak like paint pens.
I highly recommend them. Nice colors too"
"These markers have great vibrant colors and write well once primed. I bought these to write on chalk board contact paper. They look awesome and erase easily, but some of the colors do not erase completely. I can still see what I had written after it is erased. I think on a different surface I will not have this problem, but I have not had a chance to try it yet. I do like these markers and I would purchase them again."
"I tried this on a bit of paneling painted with chalkboard paint. It didn't wipe off even with water. It basically just smeared into a huge mess. Do not use on surfaced painted with chalkboard paint. Their website says as much, although they are cagey about how they phrase it. It would probably work great on glass."
So far we've tried them on chalk boards and on glass and the colors come through very well. I gave a 5 star rating based on the product which lived up to expectation but also the company followed up with me and even provided me a MSDS. My fiance needed this so she could bring them to her classroom to use.
"A bit messy at first.  But once you get used to them, they work great.  I used them for my Chalky Talky Mason jar labels.  Make sure to shake them well before each use.  Love all the bright colors in this pack"
Great colors!  Easy to use.
Nuff Said.
Love these chalk markers.  Brilliant colors and really easy to use.  Looks just like bistro boards when you use them on the chalkboard.
"I rarely write reviews even when I like a product. However, these are amazing! They are by far the best chalk markers out there!  The colors are bright and they flow smoothly. With others I was constantly pumping the tip to make them work. You won't be disappointed!"
"These liquid chalk markers are awesome! I used them to label storage baskets and my magnetic spice tins when organizing my pantry. They write evenly, dry quickly, and wipe off easily if you make a mistake.  I would highly recommend them as well as this company.  They were in contact with me before I even received the markers and when I had a minor problem, they resolved it immediately above and beyond what was asked. Excellent, Excellent, Excellent customer service!!!"
"These work amazing, and the customer service was incredible. They called to make sure I liked the products."
I'm so glad I found these markers! They make writing on our lunch board at work much easier & neater. I literally ordered these on a Saturday & recieved them the next day! Amazing! & they personally contacted me to see how everything was with the item. Recommend these markers.
"Great markers! I know these say for chalkboards, and im sure they work great, but I have been using mine on a dry erase board. Other than having to shake it a bit to get the color out, they are very easy to use.  If you write or draw something and leave it on there for several days, it does leave a faint trace of it after erasing. However with a little bit of water on your cloth, it comes off."
"The Crafty Croc Markers I ordered are awesome! So much fun to use.  The were delivered right when they said they would be, Christmas Eve of all days! I had a chance to use them for my decor as well as finishing off two gifts. I totally recommend them."
These work awesome and come off easily! They are the best!
"I'm not the artist but I would say that the colors look bright. And my boyfriend really likes the reversible tips. ..He's really talented when it comes to paint, markers, pens.. Anything
permanent(-ish.) So no complaints whatsoever. Work great drawing on light switch covers, fridge, mirrors, sliding glass door, label whatever sounds right; ) haha hope this helps anyone. I'll post pictures as soon as I can give a better idea!"
vibrant
"I just love having fun with these markers. Only warning I would give is that it does not work well on actual chalk board. I chalk painted a few things specifically for these markers and they left what looks like a stain on the boards and will not wipe off. However, I use these to mark glasses for guests and people love writing their names and decorating their own glasses at parties. So it's a pretty good compromise. The price was really good considering all the craft stores in my area carries a 4 pack for $14, well worth the money for 10 markers."
These worked on chalk boards and on white boards!
"My kids and I had a great time decorating our window with these. There was a great selection of colors, and as long as you shook them enough they worked great. If they started to not work as well all you had to do was put the cap on and shake them a little more.

One of my toddlers decided to decorate her mouth with one of the markers, but it came off easily with a wet paper towel."
"These worked great on our chalkboard which is painted on the wall.  I have not had any issues with staining - the markers erased easially with some water, too.  Very good color and easy for my 5 year old to use.  My 3 year old pressed a little too hard and one of the tips has gotten a little crunched. But otherwise very happy with these."
Used these for my bar's beer list... Work great. Doesn't smear when customers accidentally bump into it like regular chalk. Also much more vibrant colors.
Great little pack of markers. Really work well and make the art on our chalkboards at Brewery pop.
good price fast delivery Thanks
A good product.
"My daughter is absolutely in LOVE with these! I use them as well on some of my boards around the house. The main thing I have been doing with them though is writing letters to my husband on our bathroom mirror every morning. Colorful, write amazing and erase with ease! Thank you!!"
my 10 year old son loves these markers.
I love my Chalk Markers!
Product does not clean off well. Appears to have left faint permanent stains on chalkboard. Neither Window cleaner nor Vinegar have any effect at all.
"I purchased two packs of these liquid chalk markers to accompany some chalkpaint boards I made. I love the bold colors, as do my children, who regularly surprise me with some whimsical art work on the board hung in our kitchen. Best of all, when the small children miss the board, these markers have wiped off the wall with a damp cloth. A small spot also appeared on our beige carpet, and came out no issues. The markers prime easily enough, no slower or faster than the other brand I have tried."
Great product!  Bright colors and easy to remove. Love them!
"I'm an art nut! So when I heard about Crafty Croc's Chalk Markers I had to try them!

They work amazingly well. You'll see the photos from the pieces I did on glass. They are easy to use, no unpleasant smell and the finished product is amazing. I should say I have only used them on paper and glass at the moment, but the result was great each time.

Definitely something that the kids will enjoy working with and adults as well. You simply shake, take the top off, press against a flat surface and your ready to rock and roll. You can't go wrong with this one. Can't celebrate it enough."
Fun markers!
These markers are excellent and show up well on black! I bought them for a menu board magnet I have on the fridge. I like that they have fine tips and write well.
These markers are a great price and a very good quality.  It is nice to have such a wide variety of colors.
These are great! Great pigment and write nice! Love them!
"We love these - they are so fun!  My daughter and I are going chalkboard label crazy a little bit here, and my daughter decorated all of her Christmas labels with these markers.  Shipping time was really fast.  I like how bright the colors all are.  I used them on my food storage jars.  I just use canning jars to store a lot of my foods, so this was a fun way to brighten them up.  Love, love love!"
Love these markers so much. The colors are very vibrant and they write easily. I've had other brands of liquid markers that I could barely get the ink out and had to keep pressing down which only made my chalkboard look bad.  Not with my CraftyCrocs though! I would definitely recommend these.
"Love these! It does take a little work to get them primed (hold the tip in for 20 seconds, that gets it moving faster) but then they are FABULOUS. I tested them on our chalk board and was pleased with the vibrant colors. The easiest way to erase them when you are done is to use a baby wipe, or similar damp cloth."
Great quality markers.
Great color variety in this pack. We use liquid chalk markers all the time to leave notes for each other on our bathroom mirror! They are also extremely fun for the kids - allow them to write on your windows or sliding glass door!
A wonderful company and product. Markers work as described. Company informs you in detail how to use. Best chalk markers ever.
"These markers are awesome! So much easier than using regular chalk. Which I tried with little success. Not so much fun..Having a variety of colors is great for labeling jars, leaving notes and writing menus. I have a chalkboard frame I use for little quotes and reminders and these make it easy for me to color code everything. Overall, I highly recommend these. They're far easier to ease than chalk and well worth the investment."
"These markers have bright colors and reversible tips.  The ink is easily removed from the non-porous surface with a damp cloth, as advertised.  The ink does take a bit to fully flow into the tips and I have found that the tips fray easily.  Those two issues aside I love the markers and the way they look and write.  I would definitely purchase them again and have recommended them to friends and coworkers."
"Chalk markers are a blast for my family.  We can draw designs on the windows or even on your arms/legs and the markers are easy to clean up.  I would not recommend this for young children that might be at risk for drawing on the walls but for older kids, it's a great purchase."
"Took these nifty chalk markers out of the box, and went to town trying out all the colors, and had a blast.  I am not a normally artsy person, but this was straightforward like writing with a big pen.  All the colors are fairly vivid, and cleanup is quick and easy.  They seem sturdy, and of good material, and workmanship.  These would make a great gift."
"This is one my teenage daughter loves. 10 liquid chalk markers that are bright in color and really work well. Water based and nontoxic are important to me, but she likes how they are easily wiped off of surfaces. I don't really care for having to do all sorts of start-up actions before using the first time, but my daughter doesn't seem to be bothered by it. You don't seem to have to do those actions again for repeated use even after they've been capped for hours, though."
"Great colors, great set, work great! Love that these don't leave the hands messy like typical chalk. Easy for little ones, too!"
"These work so great.  I also bought some chalkboard labels (by the same company), and used them as fun labels for my holiday presents.  These also work great on our family bulletin board.  My son loves them so much, I had to hide them so he wouldn't use them up!"
Good quality product!
awesome productI have been looking everywhere to find a product that would be easier to use and look much better on all the decorative chalkboards I have. I've been dipping chalk in water and having one heck of a time. These markers are so easy to you and work great on more than just chalkboards. The colors are also very vibrant and bold. I love them and I'm so glad to have found these.
They work better than the ones we bought from Hobby Lobby.
"Love, love, LOVE these markers!! These chalk markers are so bright and vivid and write so smoothly. My family has used them for so many multiple uses, but most of all my 3 children use them for ""decorating"" our sliding glass doors and this mama is thankful for how busy it keeps them. I don't worry about staining either because it wipes off so easily. They keep my kids entertained and I love that I can use them for different projects, too. They are great quality and I really appreciate the variety of colors this pack comes in. I am so glad that I ventured out into a new avenue of art supplies with these chalk markers."
"These are the most vivid and true color chalk markers I've used yet! The tips are reversible (way cool feature!)
Definitely going to purchase these on the future. I use them daily on our chalkboard at home to write the date, what's happening that day and what's for dinner (beats answering that question 10 times a day!)
Will recommend these whenever possible!

And to CraftyCroc: my husband likes the croc on the packaging a lot :D"
These are AWESOME! Beautiful bright colors that apply easily. I just finished making signage for my daughter birthday. Would highly reccomend these for all your craft/artistic needs! *sample provided to review
I am a total crafter so I was ecstatic to receive my liquid chalk markers. They're great for writing and creating chalkboard signs or for other things. I created my husband a gift basket using these to write reasons I love him all over the plastic basket. They write smooth and are durable. I will be using these on many projects to come!
I love these chalk markers!  We will be using them for crafts and just plain old good fun.  Our elf on the shelf may happen to use them on the window as well!
"Very cool, worked on both mirrors in a dressing room (turns the mirrors into bulletin boards) and also for the new chalkboard I just bought - very nice!"
"What can I say about these Fabulous and Fun markers!!! These markers are great for reaching great heights in your creative mind. My whole family loves using them and fights over them. They can be used almost anywhere on glass, plastic, cherry wood yes it happened but I said no more on my cherry wood. The ten colors included are beautiful and these wipe off very easily."
"Comes with a nice assortment of colors and are very easy to use. I especially love the reversible tips. One side is a round tip and the other is chiseled. It even comes with two replacement tips. You can't find them like this at the store, and what can be found at the store is much more expensive. I highly recommend these. Best chalkboard markers I've ever used."
"These are the BEST markers!
I wasn't sure what to expect with ""chalk"" markers.  So when they arrived, I was a bit hesitant.  I have to say that these markers amazed me!  They work so nicely and they clean off of non porous items like a breeze!  Love love love these markers!!!"
I purchased these to use on my chalkboard painted entry door from the garage. So far I have experienced no issues from using them on a painted surface. I've wiped away the liquid chalk with a baby wipe and it was a clean surface - no color shadow. The chalk markers are bright and vivid. My kids absolutely love them and my husband wants me to write all over the door. Fantastic product!
"Crafty Croc is a very fun product for all ages. It comes in a very nice and attractive packaging. With these liquid chalk markers, there is endless possibilities of ideas for their use. The colors are very bold and fun. The only colors that aren't neon are brown, black, and red. The moment these markers arrived, I went straight to having fun with them. I immediately tried them on a dark colored background as I was curious to how they would show up and work as well. When you first get started, you do have to shake and prime the pens. Once they are ready they just flow smoothly with no excess liquid leakage. They are for the most part mess free unless you touch an area that hasn't dried yet. They do dry relatively quickly. If you do get some on you, it cleans up easily. They are very nice size markers and are made of a heavier duty material. You can use them on many surfaces including metals and glass. They are also used on led boards. The tips that are on them are shaped like the typical highlighters and make very fine clean lines or think ones. The package came with a couple extra tips. The tips are reversible and make for even more types of lining. They are a green product. Recommended for ages 3 or up. My son is 7 and has no problems with using them. I think this will be a product that maintains his attention for a very long time. I love the fact that they are non toxic and water based since most the use will be done by my son. These will be great for making signs and drawings for my LED booth in the summer. I definitely recommend this product and it will bring fun and endless possibilities."
"I received these markers for my 6 year old son and I found myself playing with them as well! They are easy to wipe off the mirrors and my son's table wipeboard. The quality of these markers rival those of the better known brands on the market and most importantly, I have no fear of these leaving any marks or stains where they do not belong."
"For starters, the value on this box of chalkboard markers is immense. If you've ever tried buying chalkboard markers in the store they are expensive. This box comes with 10 markers at a pretty decent price! I also like that it comes with 2 spare tips in case one should break or need replaced AND the tips are reversible! One side of the tip is rounded and the other is chiseled edge! Very easy to reverse the tips by pulling it out and putting it back in the other way. Simply fantastic. These will come very much in handy, and will be replacing the current markers I had been using for my sign at the local farmer's market!"
"These markers are so much fun to use. They write so smoothly. We used them on a black poster board for a birthday poster and it went over really well. I was nervous that they would smudge when dried, but it was very minimal. I love all the color variety. Great markers"
"I purchased these specifically to use on glass and they work beautifully!  The colors are so vibrant and smooth, anything you have in your mind can easily be drawn with chalk markers! I am not exaggerating when I tell you that I get a half-dozen questions a day about where I got these markers, or how I did my glass doors...and I am always happy to recommend CraftyCroc as the marker of choice for such a project.  They are a little pricey compared to regular markers, but they are absolutely worth it.  Grab a box and give them a try, you'll want every pack that they make soon enough!"
Great product!  My grandkids  love them in the playroom. So much cleaner than chalk.
really high quality:)
Shopped around for markers like these for awhile throughout Amazon.com and other sites. The review for these caught my eye and pushed me to order. I am very happy I did! They go on evenly and don't drip or pool and the colors are vibrant. Their customer service is stellar and unbeatable.
Love these markers!
Got these for my daughter and she loves them! she's been using them all the time and I might have to order her another set!
"What a GREAT idea!!!  I love these markers!  We used them on the windows for Halloween & were perfect.  Nice smooth flow of pen made filling in larger areas so easy.  Lasted past the holiday without flaking or smearing.  And as a mom, clean up was quick & easy.  Wiped off with a wet paper towel & finished with windex.  Didn't have to rub excessively or deal with any residue.  Great Product!!!"
"These markers are wonderful. The colors are vibrant and the markers glide as you write. I have used them on plastic and glass so far and they clean off easily. An added bonus is that the company has great customer service. Overall, this is a great product!!"
"Loved the markers. Great color, consistency, and price. Very limited smudging and easy to erase!"
"Not easy to erase, doesn't work us chalk!"
I use these markers at work for our bulletin boards. The colors are bright and makes writing announcements fun!
Love em.  Using them to draw pretty colors on the chalkboard for my daughters birthday.
"I know you're not supposed to use these on sidewalks but I did anyways when I had some rambunctious small cousins over, and they absolutely loved them. Granted, they destroyed the tips but since you can switch them around that wasn't a big deal to me. And  their beautiful scribbly art work washed away in the next days rain. The fun they had with it was totally worth it."
"Hours of fun for the kids. Easy to use, and quick to clean up. I have used them on glass, and it comes right off."
These are so much FUN! My kiddo loves them (mostly because of the crocodile) and I love all the projects I am making with them. CUTE!!!! Perfect for chalkboard crafts or chalk paint crafts.
They work great! Great color combinations and very bright! Best chalk markers I have yet to find!
"Loving these markers! Great color, easy to use once u get them started."
"I had never used chalk markers before, so wasn't sure what to expect.  These were fantastic!  Very smooth, bright, and fun to use!  No powdery residue is one of the best parts!  Fun colors that brighten any craft or art project!"
Fun for the entire family.
"I never used chalk markers before purchasing these and I have to say we love the results.
We love doing crafts in my home, and were looking forward to using them. They are colorful and fun to use.
Smooth and no messy residue!"
Works as advertised. Colors are vibrant.
"Easy to use. Nice, bright colors."
"Easy to write with, and easy clean up! Also, the bright bold colors really stand out on the chalkboard."
These are FABULOUS chalk markers!!!!! They write smoothly and easily! I will definitely be ordering more in different colors!!!!
These are great!! So much better than regular chalk and absolutely love the vibrant colors!!
Love them! So fun for the holidays!
These chalk markers were wonderful!! They are true to color and easy to use! It takes awhile to get the ink started but other than that they are great. I used them for seasonal outdoor chalk signs.
"I love these markers.  Great colors, easy to use and wipes off easily.  Best chalk markers I've ever tried.  you won't go wrong buying these.  We have a chalk wall with a count down calendar and all the kids use it with no issues."
"With 5 kids in our home, busy is an understatement. I use a giant chalkboard calendar to organize our day to day and these markers have been just what I need. The different colors help with organization for each person and gives the chalkboard a fun colorful look. I can even use the colors to help create a monthly theme which the kids just love! Ive attached a photo of it too"
I absolutely love these markers! The colors are vibrant and the markers can be used on several different surfaces. The markers also are easily wiped off. These are a must have for anyone who enjoys being creative.
These are amazing! I use them all the time for my crafts.  SO many colors to choose from.
I got these chalk markers to use with the labels from crafycroc. Works so good and beautifully exciting colors.
Used these on windows and mirrors to decorate for a party. They are vibrant and easy to use. Requires extra effort when trying to wash off to remove the film from glass surfaces.
"These are Awesome! Can't beat the price, nor the customer service I received! Would definitely recommend the company and the product to everyone!!"
Perfect for the kids
My 3 year old absolutely LOVES using these to draw no our sliding glass door. They clean off easy and the colors are really vibrant and fun. Totally worth the money!
Got these for my daughters teacher and she loved them! Nice bright colors and they wipe away easily.
"I am in LOVE with these markers. It's a little weird to say. :) They write wonderfully and the colors are very vibrant. Easily the best ones I've found! They work on MULTIPLE surfaces, not just chalkboards - a HUGE bonus! They are easy to clean up as well. The only problem I've encountered is having to hide them from the kids who want to use them too!"
"I just got them yesterday and my kids played with them for an hour. We turned our kitchen glass table in to a work of art. This is a great way to keep kids of all ages busy for hours. Its fun for everyone, even I got in to it and really enjoyed my self. The best part is the clean up took two minutes. I just sprayed some Windex and used some bounty and it washed right off. (water would wash it off just as easily) The only concern I have is its not good for all surfaces which it says on the label. I tried it on a highchair and it did wash off but it did leave a slight red tinge on the surface. (I will have to try to use something a bit stronger then Windex for that) I would also recommend adult supervision at all times since it can get messy for the younger ones."
My son absolutly loves these!! So easy to write with and love the bright colors!! Very cool!
Such a cool product! Prompt shipping
"These are decent chalks. Not the best, but they do the job. One complaint is that the markers tend to lose their ink, and you have to press the tip down repeatedly to recharge the pen. However, the colors are vibrant and there is a nice selection of colors. The markets also come with 2 extra pen tips, which I'd nicr.  Overall, I would recommend for the price and what you get."
Kids will really love these
Bright bold colors! Great for signs and for doodling.
I purchased these for my grandson who loves to do crafts with me. I love the way they write with ease and the brightness of the colors are beautiful!  My Grandson loves to color with these and lit makes learning new words fun when you write them in nice pretty colors. These Chalk markers are great because they clean up nicely and that makes me very happy!
I am loving these chalk markers. These are not skinny little markers. They are thick and have reversible tips. The tips are easy to change also. I love that one side has a chiseled tip and the other is regular. The colors are super vibrant and they write very smoothly. I have also used them to write on my windows with the kids and they wash off very easily. There is no lingering color left behind or staining of the glass. I would highly recommend this brand and I will definitely be buying these again when my pack runs out.
Great chalk markers!  Love the two tip option and they wash off easy from our chalkboard vinyl wall stickers!
"These markers are so much fun (for the whole family) and I love how easy the cleanup is! As soon as our kids saw them, they started drawing on our whiteboard then moved on to the big hall mirror. Now they leave each other little messages on there everyday. I'm sure they'll come up with something crafty to put on our truck windows soon. These markers keep them occupied for quite a while so we will definitely buy more when they run out."
"This is the first time I've ever used liquid chalk. I found it is and very easy to use. The package has  good color choices. I like them all.  They write on so many different surfaces, unlike regular chalk. Clean up is a snap, which is really important if you have young children"
"I use these markers to post our restaurant specials. It's great that I finally found them on Amazon. Before discovering them here, I was buying off of Ebay from China."
I love these! I bought them for my grandkids and they love them too. They are very easy to use and clean up real nice. Such a great little gift.
"I own one set of chalk markers and wanted more.  There were so many different brands I decided to order several and compare them.  I didn't receive any of my markers free for review.  In addition to the Bistro markers, which I already had, I ordered sets of: Liquid Chalkers; SuperChalks; and CraftyCrocs.  Note that I only use these types of markers for writing notes on chalkboard clings; all of them erase fine with a damp cloth. On other surfaces or if you have kids that love to color with them, your mileage may vary.

Bistro markers.  They took approximately 1 minute each to prime; their coverage quality is quite good; the colors are rich and bright; Ive had them about 6 weeks and the writing still looks good after using them several times a week.  Their bullet tips are pretty durable.  Made in Japan.

Liquid Chalkers.  Set of 4 markers.  Priming times were 18.3 sec; 52.4 sec; 36.9 sec; 21 sec.; these were by far the fastest priming whether just holding the tips in or pumping them.  These are runnier than the others Ive tried and the colors are not as bright; it looks like they either don't have as much pigment in the liquid chalk or maybe it just isn't very soluble in the liquid component.  Just bought them so cant tell much about their longevity.  The chisel tips appear to be very durable.  Made in China.

SuperChalks.  Priming times varied widely from 18.5 sec for the white to 2.10 minutes for the purple; most were under a minute.  Coverage and colors are similar to the Bistro and Crafty Crocs.  Bullet tips deformed the most of any of these markers during priming.  Too soon to tell about longevity.  Made in China.

Crafty Crocs.  Priming time was fairly uniform between 1 - 1.1 minutes; coverage and colors similar to Bistro.  Just bought them so cant tell much about their longevity.  The chisel side of the tips appears to be relatively durable, but they did deform a little during priming.  I would have tried the bullet side of the reversible tips, but it was so messy pulling them out to turn them around I didnt.  Too soon to tell about longevity.  Made in China."
These markers are so much fun and I find so many uses for them. Right now we have a Halloween Countdown on our window and some very nice halloween decorations on the windows as well. Easy to wipe away and create something new!
I got these chalk markers for my daughter! They arrived just in time for homecoming! She uses them on almost everything! The colors are so bold and vibrant! They clean up easily and do not drip! These are also great for school projects!!!
"I used these for my after-school classroom this past week. Each of the students used them with a writing practice strip, and they loved these markers. Overall they worked really well for giving the kids a colorful way to practice their handwriting. The kids didn't want to give them back at the end of the activity :)

A few small points:
1) I'm not a big fan of the changeable tip portion, as once the tip is full of ink they can be a little messy to change. I found the round tip works better for the handwriting activities.

2) They really do take a long time to prime the first time. If you plan on letting kids use them, prime them ahead of time so they don't get bored waiting.

3) Take the ""liquid"" part to heart, if the students pressed, instead of flowed, with the marker there was a bit of a puddle.

4) Test each color before you start a project. The red was much harder to wipe off than say the yellow. A little bit of white board cleaner worked to clean the boards I was using. There might have been a bit of a tint left over, but that may have been the age of the boards and not really the markers."
"These markers are so much fun! I am by no means a crafty person, but my kids and I are enjoying these. We have had some rainy weather lately and have had indoor fun drawing with these on the windows and doors. Plus it is easy to clean up! My 5 year old has been practicing his writing using these on the doors and doing spelling words. Great product, can't wait to try it on some other surfaces."
Oh How much I love this product! It is so nice to have a marker that you can write with in glass or glossy surface without having to worry a lot. I have been making a lot of artwork in my glasses with the help of this. I love it. It is so easy to wipe it out. The colour variety is great! Kids are going to love this.
I just got these  and they are being used as we speak.. gotta say  we love them! Great colors and lots of fun for the kids. Nice for  your  own signs too! Have some Have some fun with these!
My daughter loves these.  We have been having fun all day with these.  She has a huge chalkboard.  She has been drawing all day on these.  We decided to try our patio door windows.  They work awesome.  They are high quality.  It's easy to remove.  They are not messy.  They have really bright colors too.  I took a little cleaner and they wiped right off the windows too.  I can see us using these for Christmas decorations on the windows.  If you have a little one who loves chalk then they will love these too.
"You will love this markers.  They came a few days ago and we are already starting to plan for decorating the holiday.  I gave a few to my artist brother to try and I can't wait to see what he does with them.

We are planning to write Merry Christmas spelled out on our windows in the front our house."
I love these.  They are great for decorating windows.  Great quality product.
"Love these chalk markers.  The colors are so bright and it is very easy to erase.  I highly recommend these, they are VERY high quality."
"I love these!  And so does my little boy! We just ""painted"" our pumpkin with these. Great quality!! Couldn't  ask for brighter colors."
"Love these markers, better than Chalk! Work well when writing messages or labeling items."
"It was a bit time consuming to get the markers 'ready to use' - just had to hold them vertical and tap multiple times to bring the chalk down in to the tips. However, it was a small price to pay for hours of entertainment. My son (2.5) and daughter (5.5) spent the entire weekend decorating our sliding glass doors. After they filled the glass up, we washed it and they were back at it. Easy to use, easy to clean and impressive quality for glass windows/doors."
Awesome bold and bright colors. I love this set! I have other brands of chalk markers and these are definitely the best.  They are smooth writing and easy to use.  They wash off easily and my whole family loves them.
"I have to say I have never seen anything like these chalk markers before.  Had planned to save them for a Christmas gift for my granddaughter, but they were much too cool, and I couldn't wait.  Great for adding color to the windows for Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and then the spring and summer holidays.  Anyone who loves crafts should try these out."
So fun! I have chalkboards in the kitchen with our weekly menu. This makes it colorful and neater than traditional chalk. It;s like using a marker but looks like chalk. I even used this to label canisters on the counters with their contents. I plan to also use this on a car windshield for a special someone's birthday!
Awesome markers! Great variety love them
My kids LOVE these. Especially my 8 year old. Loves using these. Thank you!
"We love love love these markers!  We have pumpkins and ""Happy Halloween"" on the windows and it wipes right off!  Literally couldn't be happier with them!!!"
fabulous color - but impossible to clean off once it sits
I love the bright and vivid colors of the markers. The outside of the markers reflect the true color one will see when using the markers. The markers are easy enough to use but it isn't obvious to change the tips. I assume incorrectly that there would be a different tip on each end of the markers. I would purchase another box for my nieces because the ease of wiping them off and the bright colors make Crafty Croc Chalk Markers fun and convenient.
Great product!
"I LOVE these markers! I use them for many different things. My favorite is to use it on my dry erase calender and also to draw holiday pictures of my glass screen door. The colors are so bold and vibrant, the first stroke comes out as a nice thick clean coat, you don't have to go back over lines, and it's super easy to wipe away mistakes. I highly recommend them to anyone."
We love these chalk markers! I have a chalkboard menu and can finally fit everything in (writing with regular chalk is hard!). There are 2 sides to the tip so you can create a masterpiece if you would like or just have a nice edge for perfect writing. They are as easy to use as markers and the colors are vibrant. My kids and I will find any excuse to use these all over our house!
These are great with my 4 years old learning to write with pen/pencils. He gets to pick his own colors and write on the chalkboard.
"We LOVE these! Great packaging and product! Super easy to use and prime! Non toxic! My 4yr old and I love these! We've been decorating windows, among other things. Easy to wash off and great variety. Highly recommend for kids and adults!"
My kids love using these on the windows. Their imaginations go wild. One thing to note...make sure you let the chalk dry completely before wiping or you will have smudges. A little glass cleaner works to start a new master piece if the chalk is wiped before dried though. I would recommend these to my friends.
So much fun to write on windows and mirrors!  The flow is nice and the kids love to help me decorate with them!
"The kids love them, they work great.  Seems there is nothing you can't use these on but would always recommend trying it on a small area first just to make sure it can wipe off. Used it on glass, white board, chalk board and a black dry erase board.  Worked on all of them and erased with a paper towel.  Great for arts/crafts projects."
"Had a blast decorating for Halloween with these markers.  Took a little getting used to, since I had never used a liquid chalk before, but once you get the hang of it, you can do a lot with these."
"I got these for my 5 year old son, but I've honestly used them as much as he has for random things around the house.  They're nice because of the changeable tip size.  Make sure to prime the tips well prior to the first use.  We use them on all sorts of surfaces (make sure they're non-porous if you don't want something permanent).  My son uses them frequently on the storm door of the house and the front of the refrigerator and they wipe off with ease.  Super convenient instead of having an art pad laying around.  He can clean his drawing area alone.  So, as I said, perfect kids and adults alike!"
Great  at doing the job. Seriously. I got these for a friend who runs a local bar. As expected she has tons of mirrors on the back wall behind the bartenders. These calk markers are better and bolder then anything she has bought at any local store. The print holds up better in case someone rubs against the mirror.  And the bright bold colors can be seen from across the bar. These are great for advertisement!  I highly recommend these chalk markers if you are looking to write on none porous surfaces!
I was not expecting the fluidity and vibrancy of these markers! They are very easy to use and the colors are brilliant. They are perfect for drawing on windows. Fantastic gift for a teacher!
I love these!  I have been wanting a set of chalk markers for quite some time but I didn't want the standard plain colors or highlighter type colors.  These are just what I was looking for.  Nice bright colors that are perfect for your next craft project!
GREAT product!  Excellent customer service.  You won't regret this purchase.
I gave these to my niece and she loved them.
"These chalk markers go on like neon colored paint.  The color is so vibrant that you can use it on many projects rather than just on a chalkboard.  I did try it on 3 different chalkboard surfaces I have at home (actual chalkboard, chalkboard decal and spray paint chalkboard) and all three wiped off easily.  I was very impressed with the quality of these markers."
Love these markers. My kids enjoy them and they look great!
"These are really great! We used them to draw pictures on our sliding glass doors. The kids had fun and then when we were done it wiped right off with a dry paper towel. No mess.  We also used to the write ""Happy Birthday"" on my sons car windows. The instructions were easy to follow and the chalk markers were easy to use."
Thank you crafty croc for allowing me to test and review this product. I've actually used it today on mirror and glass and is so bright and cool! The cleaning away is a breeze. One wet wipe and all is gone! Best product with bright colors and good for many uses!
"I love these. There are so many uses for them! The colors are great and come off when you need them to. Great for events, parties, crafts, and even fun times with the kiddos. The package arrived fast and was packaged well. Many uses. I've made a disputing list on the fridge (paired with chalkboard paper) and even written notes on the bathroom mirror. Comes off easily."
"First of all I want to thank CraftyCroc for sending us this product for an independent review.

We have had the markers for about six weeks now. We love the colorful nature of them. They work on so many surfaces and they wipe off fairly easily. My wife has used them specifically on Glass Blocks that she has drawn autumn designs on and then placed them in windows. The light shining through gives them a wonderful colorful display.

These markers are amazing for kids as well. Again the fact that they are so colorful makes them perfect for kids who don't like dull.

You will certainly enjoy these and find that they work great in the classroom, in the Sunday School setting, or just in your home for arts and crafts use.

Enjoy!"
"After a bit of shaking these markers are ready to use. The colors are very vibrant and I love the the reversible tip for fine details. So far we have used the markers on glass and plastic and they wipe off just well enough for the fine details in our projects, or if you add some elbow grease you can wipe it off completely. They are great markers at a great value."
"These markers are beautiful. The colors are so vibrant and pretty. The coverage is great too. I have been using them on chalkboard labels, and the markers clean up very easily.  Other chalk markers I have used have required quite a bit of prep before they were ready to use-lots of shaking and pressing, and these haven't needed that at all. A couple of shakes and a couple of presses, and they are ready to go, which will make me come back to this brand for any other orders of chalk markers I may need."
"We LOVE these! We use them for many things! Most notably to mark names on drinking glasses! Leave reminder notes on the mirror in the bathroom! Let the kids decorate a window for each holiday! And of course use on a chalkboard or whiteboard. I love the multiple bright colors that they come in, and with two tips! (its a little messy changing them out but a cool option!) These are fun and my kids love them! Great product!"
These markers are so much fun! They write on a lot of different surfaces and could be used for variety of projects. My 7 year old daughter has been using them for everything - decorating notebooks to writing notes to me.
"I admit it. I steal these from my kids all the time. In fact, I'm going to have to buy another set just for me! The colors on these markers are amazing. So vibrant and colorful. They look great on windows and wipe off very easily. I've used them on my friend's retail windows and lent them out to another friend to use at her coffee shop. We all love them. I highly advise buying two sets. One for the kids, and one for you!!"
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these!!!  They are very bright and fun colors. It made the most perfect chalkboard sign for my daughters first birthday, as well as I used them on chalkboard stickers for the dessert bar.  As the package says, they do not work on non-porous surfaces, so make sure you pay attention to that. I love that you can switch up the tips, but it does get the liquid on your fingers when you do so. I also really liked that I was emailed helpful tips and ideas. I can't wait until I can use them for other projects in the future!"
"I was really excited to receive these chalk markers as I love arts and crafts. I was surprised how many materials the markers work on.  I'm making a chalk board in my kitchen and these will be perfect for leaving cute, colorful notes. Easy to use, and a great color selection.  I would recommend. Easy to clean up as well."
"I love these liquid chalk markers.  They are not as messy as another brand I had been using.  I love that the tips are not huge, too!"
Bright and vibrant!  What a difference from regular chalk! I've tried them on a chalkboard and now I'm excited to try them on the other surfaces that they can work on!
"These markers are amazing! I can't believe it's chalk! It writes just like a magic marker. Takes a minute to dry just like a marker, then no smearing when you wipe your hand over it. The colors are so vibrant! I decorated a large white board with the kids at my local elementary school and the kids loved them. When they didn't like the shape of the pumpkin they wiped it totally away with a damp paper towel and re-drew it. After they erased there was no residue left behind, no stain or shadow. The teacher took a picture of the box so she could order them for herself."
"I got these markers 2 days ago.
I'm trying to fully understand their purpose to understand the price tag. Here's why...

You would have to determine there pros and cons based on my review depending on your purpose for them.

Vibrant, beautiful colors, don't smudge easily. A smooth chalk like and marker hybrid consistancy, no dust

They don't come out of the box ready to use
They all have white felt tips and you must shake them then press down on the white felt tip, upside down, to release the color.

It too my close to a minute for EACH marker... I'm not sure who has about 24minutes to set up markers. So I cute the time in half and did two at a time... Still 15 min just to prep markers.

I used them on two surfaces
Paper and glossy board (as per instructions). I had no use for them on other surfaces.

Paper...
You can see the picture! Vibrant colors, needs a minute to dry up so it doesn't smudge. Doesn't permanently stain if it does smudge.

It's not as smooth as a market. I'm not sure if I would use these for coloring, probably for decorative purpose like making a sign.

Glossy board
I teach. So I figured this would be perfect for writing on the white board and using so many colors for differentiation and highlighting.

Not so much. And I'll be honest , my high school kids gave it a thumbs down.

You can't write with these things at an angle- it has to be upside down. The color doesn't come out fully and leaves the marks streaky.

In addition it stains the board and I had to do a wipe down with a chemical to fully remove the color. Not good for someone who needs to erase quickly. Regarding erasing... In stained my eraser and left a mess on my board.

In the end, I had my students use the markers for decorative projects.

I could see the value for more of an industrial use, I guess... Maybe writing a semi permanent sign on a window or  board for a business. But I don't see the everyday practicality for these, especially for $24.99."
"These markers looked so fun that I couldn't wait to receive them in the mail.  I love the bright colors and how much fun they are to use.  I feel like a kid at heart when using these.  This is definitely a treat for myself.  I have to put them up as I am not ready to share them with the kids yet.  I do projects for singing time at church and these are perfect for decorating and making things bright and colorful.  What a brilliant idea, chalk markers!"
"My kids and I had so much fun with these chalk markers!  They truly are neon, and make vibrant amazing color!  My kids happily played with them for a long time, decorating and designing.  Love the variety in this package, plus the more standard white and black markers.  Looking forward to using these more to make signs and projects."
"My son just loves these. We are now on our third box of chalk markers. It keeps him occupied for hours and I love that he can write with them anywhere with no worries of it being permanent. I also use these on our fridge for his chore sheet and on chalkboard signs throughout the house. These are really bright and vibrant colors, which all kids love! I definitely recommend these chalk markers by Crafty Croc! :)"
"Excellent gift to the children especially who likes to draw. I was impressed with the quality, brightness and range of colors. Easy to draw on the glass or glossy board. Also easily removed with wet paper towel. Kids practicing on the windows and very exited to draw a bunch of pictures for an upcoming holidays."
These are great.  Very very bright little markers.  Warning to all those who just pull them out and try to use them....  Follow the directions on how to get the pen ink flowing...lol.  But once you do that - they work great!
"These markers are SUPER COOL. I struggle with ADD (yes, as a grown adult. It's real!) and I love using these markers to write myself reminder notes on my bathroom mirror. They wipe away *so* easily! No residue left behind like with Dry Erase markers. The switchable tip is really neat too. Honestly, I've always wondered how bistro chalkboard menus have such super cute drawings/writings without the smear/smudge of chalk - the answer is in these markers!  So I've ordered some chalkboard labels and can't wait to get to organizing/labeling with incredible cuteness. There's so many possibilities with these things due to the nature of how many surfaces they can write on - metal, mirror, glass, chalkboard, whiteboard, etc. Really looking forward to giving them the proverbial run for the money! Thanks!!"
Great colors and are so fun for the car windows.  I leave messages for my family on the bathroom mirrors too.  I like that the box had a Web address to get more ideas too.
Love these markers for glass and ceramic. Decorative bright colors that apply evenly and easily. Easy cleanup to create again and again!
"Let me just say that this is by far one of the best purchases I made on amazon. I have a 5 year old girl and she loves to draw, especially on her chalkboard with chalk. I hate regular chalk because it's always such a mess. I ordered these and all I can is say is wow. First of all the colors are amazing they are so bright and pretty. Second of all they are not messy at all!  Make sure you hold them down and wait a little for the color to come in some took longer than others but it was so worth the wait. They are a hit in my household and will purchase another pack once these run out. Definitely worth the money."
"I will say it out loud ""I hate chalk!""  Hate it.  So when these came, I cringed a little.  Ewww...chalk.  And then I used them.  And used them again.  And LOVED them!  I love that you can actually do fine lines and quite brilliant color instead of the dull, messy lines that regular chalk does.  There is SO much less mess from erasing too.  I highly recommend these!"
"These markers are great.  Every day I enjoy using these as I write my notes and tasks on my refrigerator white board.  Tasks are not the highlight of my day, but writing with these markers gives them a happy twist and puts a smile on my face.  Very vibrant and lovely to utilize.  I recommend these highly."
"These are F.U.N. in a little box!! We have been writing messages on the mirrors, decorating the car windows for Friday night Football, etc, etc!!  The colors are so bright! They really do come out like the color on the pen cap! Super colorful!  We definitely recommend these Chalk Markers!! Have fun!"
"These are cool. I actually bought them for the kids to try and then decided I liked them too much. They'll get the next batch.

Easy to use and love all the colors. The liquid does come out pretty quickly so just be careful of that. I think I pushed to hard, too fast on the tip so just do it slowly and you won't make a colorful puddle like I did,"
"I have a couple sets of chalk markers. I love them! These colors are my favorite so far. They are brilliant, bright and lots of fun. Here in Utah, we have crazy weather, so on the several rainy days we have had this summer, I open up my front door and let the kids draw to their little hearts content on my glass storm door. They have a blast. I also leave pictures and notes on their shower door in the morning or on their mirror in the bathroom. These are super easy to prime, easy to use and really easy to clean up. Really enjoy this product, and it doesn't even matter if the kids get into them because they wipe away quite quickly and easily."
"This is a wonderful product not only for myself but great for my 2 boys. Easy to use, only apply a tiny bit of pressure to the tip to get the markers started for your first use. After that your ready to go. I was surprised at how bright and vibrant all the colors are. Great product!"
"I have a problem with birds flying into my windows. These markers allow me to draw pictures on my windows to keep them away.  I can change the pictures often, which I love.  They draw well on the glass and clean up easily,  My grandkids love to draw pictures on the windows as well - better than the refrigerator for displaying their art!"
"Great product! These markers work exactly as described. The colors are vibrant and they wipe off easily with a paper towel and a little water if needed. The packaging is cute too and the directions are well laid out and easy to follow. If you are looking for high-quality chalk markers, these fit the bill!"
"My kids and niece had a ball with these markers!! They created lots of art on my patio door this past weekend!! My niece, who is 2, started shaking one of them and some of the liquid got on the floor, but came up with no problem at all (we have wood floors)!!! The clean up on the glass was easy as well!!"
These are so much fun to use and the colors are great. Can't wait to go to my next wedding and decorate the car with them. Great for mirrors too. They wash off nicely too.
"Write smoothly and nicely with bright colors!  I use them on our windows for schoolwork. I use them on chalkboard tags to organize my boxes.  They look super nice!  I was a little bummed I couldn't write on the sidewalk, but we have tile floors, so I let my kids use these markers on the tile and mop up afterwards."
I'm a photographer and these are great for my chalkboard pictures. They write pretty and clean with minimal clean up. The colors are bright and beautiful. I'm more than pleased with these markers and will buy them again
These are bright clear colored liquid chalk markers.  My kids love them and they are much less messy than regular chalk.  They wipe off easily with a damp cloth.  So many uses for these... I even saw a cute idea in a magazine to paint a pumpkin with black chalk paint and use these to draw designs for Halloween.  I can't wait to try.  I'm sure it will look great.
These chalk markers are providing so much fun for my family!  I love using them on mirrors or chalkboards to draw with my daughters or leave them little messages.  My kids love the bright colors and both little and big hands can hold these easily.  Super easy to use and to clean up.  Highly recommended!
"This colored chalk/markery type things are vibrant, write well, color great and clean quickly and easily.  The best part - it keeps the kids entertained for hours!  What more could a person ask for!!!"
"After using the chalk markers one time I can say that I am impressed!  They colors are just beautiful and seem to just glide across the mirror effortlessly.  Unfortunately,  they did not help me find me inner artist but that doesn't stop me from writing notes and drawing pictures on the bathroom mirrors."
"work great - vibrant colors, easy to clean, my daughter is using them for her art class with no complaints."
"These are fun, and much less messy than regular chalk. My kids played with them all day on the driveway! The colors are really bright too, and it washes off easily, which is a blessing!"
Fun!!!  I used these in my classroom on my whiteboard and they work great!  Clean up is easy too!  I'm going to try them on my windows next.  I think the possibilities are endless!
"I knew I was going to love these and when I ordered them I didn't even realize they have a reversible nib, which is amazing!  Can't wait to decorate my windows for Halloween and Christmas!  Just the best for making chalk board signs for weddings and events.  Or even just BBQ or party with friends.  So in love with these and the e-book that was sent to me gave me some awesome ideas!"
These Chalk markers are one of the best I have seen.  I highly recommend it for adults and kids for fun and projects
"Super cool and super fun.  Growing up with chalk boards in school, I have a fond memory of them.  Being a teacher and now working with white boards and SmartBoards, I really do miss the old school chalk board; but not the chalk dust (did anyone else have to clean chalk boards and erasers for punishment?).  Since these are liquid chalk, no chalk dust!!!  The colors are really vibrant and it is a very smooth action when using these.  They are also fun to use for home crafts, like back-to-school pictures with your child's age, class, teacher, etc.  Or a menu or even a grocery list.  I could come up with all kinds of excuses to use these.  Maybe I will start to hone my non-existent art skills and create a glass masterpiece!  They draw really well without a lot of dry areas or overly wet ones.  The tips are really nice and I would expect these to last for many projects as well as they are not mishandled.  They price is good for them too.  I did order these with a coupon, but even at full price they are a good deal."
Works really easily!
"These are pretty cool!  You do have to do a few primer pumps first.  Used them on the bathroom mirror to leave a message, they come off with no problem at all."
I love chalk markers !!!! I have used a couple of different brands but i have never had a set like this one!!!! When i ordered the liquid chalk markers i really didn't think that the tip would be reversible. But i thought i would try them. WOW WOW WOW  they really work LOL I was amazed at how easy it was to reverse the tips and what a great idea !!! You do have to use them on a non porous surface or its very hard to get off. Sometimes you cant get it off. But to use on a window or metal they are great. Clean up is very easy. I know that my grand children will love them to.
"These are awesome.  They are a ton of fun to use and easy for kids and adults to create fun designs.  We've used them on a number of surfaces and they have all been easy to clean up. Note that it take a minute to prime them (get the liquid flowing through the tip) so give it a minute and they will work really well.  I love that there are a bunch of colors to choose from, but that they still include the basic black, white, brown kind of colors along with the really bright ones.  It's a very versatile set and has been a great find for us!"
"These CHALK MARKERS from CraftyCroc come in 10 BRIGHT NEON COLORS.  These markers create bright and eye catching designs.  They work on Chalkboard Stickers, Chalkboard Contact Paper, Glass, Tiles, Plastic, Metal, Whiteboards, Card and ALL Non-Porous Surfaces.  They simply wipe away from almost all surfaces, which makes cleanup a breeze.  Each set of markers come with a 60-day money back guarantee.  I am glad I have this product and would definitely recommend it to others.

Thank you for reading my review.

I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation."
"These are really well made and bigger than I had expected.  Very nice range of colors and goes on chalkboards very smoothly and nicely.  Was looking for a finer point marker originally but these are actually perfect for the project I'm working on.  Love that they work well not only on chalkboards but on glass as well!  If you're looking for chalk markers, these are definitely worth the price and work well!"
"LOVE these!  I bought them to leave little notes on the bathroom mirror for my husband since we work opposite hours and don't get to see each other much.  FUN!  The colors are extremely bright and once you get them started (took a looooong time to get them primed, which was kind of a pain since you have to do it 10 times!), they write smoothly and easily.  The liquid flows nicely, which is worth mentioning since some other chalk markers I've used require more effort and don't write as smoothly.  I'll be using these A LOT!"
"We LOVE these chalk markers! The chalk flows faster than others I have tried, so less priming before you can use them.  We use them in our homeschool - my son's sight words show up all over the house - on the bathroom mirror, patio door, window to the playroom.  The repeated exposures are great for helping him pick it up quickly and once he has them down, they erase with just a wipe of the cloth and we can start over."
"I love these chalk markers! I used them to make first day of school signs for my kids. It was a little work to get the ink flowing, but once it did the markers worked beautifully. They dry quickly (great news for a lefty writing on a chalk board), clean up easily, and the colors are vibrant."
I was looking for different items to include in a welcoming basket for my daughter's teacher this year. This was perfect. I tested one of the markers out and was satisfied with the quality. The different colors will also be great for catching the kids attention.
"We have been thrilled with these markers!  I ordered them to create a fun ""First Day of Kindergarten"" chalkboard prop for my daughter's first day photos, and the end product turned out perfect.  We used them on a plasticy 'chalkboard' and they went on wonderfully.  It was very easy to wipe mistakes off with a wet paper towel, and I didn't have any problems with the markers running or dripping.

I loved that the tips were reversible, so I could use different style tips with the same colors.  Other similar products I have tried have required quite a bit of priming before and during use, but I didn't run into that with these chalk markers.  They were easy to prime initially, and I rarely had to prime mid-use.

Since decorating our 'chalkboard' we have also used these on windows and mirrors.  They have gone on and cleaned off easily every time.  The colors are bright and vibrant, no matter what surface we use them on."
"Considering our house is now borderline chalk marker experts, it's safe for us to say these markers are amazing!!! Once primed the use is easy and fun!! The colors are nice and bright and could even be considered neon! The kids love these to draw out images from their imagination on our kitchen appliances and shower doors which I don't mind because with a wet paper towel the cleaning is quick and easy!! Would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for bright, great quality chalk markers!!"
"These chalk markers are so bright and vivid and write so smoothly. My family has used them for so many multiple uses, but most of all my 3 children use them for ""decorating"" our sliding glass doors and this mama is thankful for how busy it keeps them. I don't worry about staining either because it wipes off so easily. They keep my kids entertained and I love that I can use them for different projects, too. They are great quality and I really appreciate the variety of colors this pack comes in. I am so glad that I ventured out into a new avenue of art supplies with these chalk markers."
"Love, love, love the bright colors, which are borderline neon.  Once they are primed, these are very easy to use and clean up is a snap.  Within a short amount of time, I only used paper towels to wipe it off.  Days later, paper towels pretty much did the trick, but I did have a couple of small spots that needed windex.  This was a small price to pay for all the fun we had.  My grandkids, nieces and nephews LOVE them.  You do have to supervise the smaller kids to make sure they only use them where you want them to be used.  Clean up is possible, but takes more work on walls, etc.  I found that out the hard way.  The markers give you a really smooth consistency with very little practice.  I've had a lot of fun using them on posters, mirrors and glass."
Awesome markers. My grandaughter used for her art projects. I use for labeling.  Had a yard sale - so handy.
"My kids are both teens but these markers brought out the kid in them. As soon as we received the box, they proceeded to decorate our windows with colorful designs. I love the fact that these markers can be used by kids of all ages and encourages creativity. They are fun, easy to use, and most importantly, easy to clean up. They do take awhile to get started, so just tell the kids to be patient and wait a minute or so for the ink to reach the tip. This is a great product for teachers and parents to have on hand."
"I CAN NOT say enough about how much I love these!!! I am doing a charity yard sale soon and I used these to write on my car windows to advertise. IT LOOKS AMAZING!! And the best part? comes off super easy- dry wipe it off, just like chalk!!! The colors are wonderful and vibrant, no weird smell, and clean up is super duper easy! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!"
The kids just love using these liquid markers on my sliding glass doors. I love them for my kitchen chalkboard.
"My family loves these!  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of them.  The colors are vibrant and the liquid chalk loads into the tip and makes it easy to use on different non-porous surfaces and best of all, it's easy to clean up!  I also like the feel of it in your hand, the marker itself is thick enough to make it easy for my 3 year old to handle.  I also like the packaging, not that it is important in the deciding factor but they look like they are high-quality and the actual use of them reflects that as well."
I love these chalk markers and so do my kids.  It has kept them entertained for hours  drawing on all the glass in the house.  It will be great at next party as we can write our names on the glasses.  The kids did get some on the furniture and it wiped way no stain.
"We are having so much fun with these chalk markers! The colors are really vibrant and beautiful. My teenage daughter is in the process of redoing her bedroom & since we've gotten these, she has decided to have one wall in her bedroom painted with chalkboard paint so she can write assorted quotes & draw pictures. When first using these, you do need to prime the markers just as you would with paint markers, though they have a much milder odor than paint markers, which is good. The chalk cleans up easily with water & paper towels."
"This is my second set of chalk markers I've ordered and I love the colors in this one a lot! I love to leave little love notes on the bathroom mirror for my bf every morning, and these sure beat using old Chapstick! Lol."
"Bought these mainly for use on a dry erase board and I'm very happy with the results. Product writes well, love the chisel tip for neater writing, and the ink comes off clean with a little Windex (comes off with just wiping if it hasn't been on long, but my stuff stays on there for a couple days before I need to erase it).

My only gripe is trivial but worth mentioning....there's a little cubby hole in the cap to ensure it doesn't dry out. This is wonderful, but you have to take care when replacing the cap, because I jammed the tip of the marker into the side of this hole multiple times, even though I knew it was there."
My kids love the brillant colors and its so easy to write with. I plan to buy more as gifts for our nieces and nephews.
"What's good: Colors! Saturated, brilliant color! The white (an unusual addition!) might need more than one pass to cover a black surface, but black might  need an extra swipe on a white surface, too. And, based on very limited testing, the dry-erase feature seems to work well - just wipe the dried mark, and it really does seem to come clean, from the right non-porous surfaces. (I've have had very mixed results with other dry-erase markers, even different colors of the same brand, so test before you rely on the easy-off character of these markers.)

What's not so good: nothing, maybe. These markers need to be ""started"", by letting the ink reservoir saturate the fiber nib before you get going. This can take a minute or two, so be patient, and the fiber tip needs to be reloaded occasionally, by pressing it hard against your writing surface. Then, if you soak the nib too much, you can get ink pooled on your drawing surface - you can push it around like wet paint.

I can't call this feature wholly a drawback. If you like a versatile drawing tool, the dry-to-juicy gamut gives you a lot more to work with than other markers offer. Then, the reversible (chisel vs. blunt) tip gives additional choices. (Just watch for inky fingertips unless you use tweezers to pull the nib out and out it back in.)

So, there's a lot to like here. They're not quite like other markers I've used, and that took some adjustment - but their unique character offers unique possibilities that I haven't fully explored.

-- wiredweird"
"These colors are bright and fun! My kiddos frayed up a couple of the tips with very rough use so I was very happy to see that I can flip the tips and use them once again, good as new! (Side note - the stains in porous surfaces are not so difficult to get out - just let them dry, scrub with a dry sponge and then use any generic stain lifter to get out the rest). Tons of uses - they write with the precision of a marker, the consistency of paint and the brightness of chalk. Very cool product, and practical for around-the-house use as well as craft projects. I will be bringing some to my classroom, too!"
"Absolutely a great product in our use for both car and artwork.

Having a 7 year old artist in the house means we go through quite a few mediums.  We never considered liquid chalk on our house windows as a medium but it worked out very good.  The markers require adult help with priming- simply follow the instructions.  The marker nibs allow for full creative use, no different than using a chiseled nib on any marker.  You can get wide lines and thin lines and even write in script.  The colors are a day-glow type that you often see on restaurant boards.  The marker goes on and comes off glass with no issues.

Bottom line- these are really cool, even inside the house.  They are a new favorite of our kids.  A serious piece of advice however is to not use them on any porous surface as you will likely stain it.  Therefore, it is recommended you provide some supervision at first.  Note: a sample was provided for testing and a no obligation review."
Wonderful!
These are awesome! Super pigmented and great quality! Make sure to let colors COMPLETELY dry before going over them with another color though. I try adding black but then didn't like it. When I went back with the original color the black bled through and Ive had a difficult time getting the black off of the colored pens.
Exactly what I was looking for. Fun to work with. A damp paper towel easily removes the chalk.
I bought these for my teenage daughter so she could decorate her window. These were perfect. The only complaint she had was that shading large areas in didn't work well. Any cross over strokes would remove the previous line.  Other than that she loves them and has decorated every window in the house
"Very good markers! First time trying chalk markers- practiced on smooth black stock paper, then glass. Very fun to use and good results. Have to shake often to maintain a nice flow. I think I'll order more in maybe a larger tip size if they sell it."
"Great product!  Easy to use, brilliant colors"
"Ordered these a few days ago and have never used a liquid chalk before now.  The colors are bright and fun, easy to clean up and all around good quality."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT...!
I would get them again"
Rubs off a little too easily
Good
