"This sleek looking cutter reminds me a bit of a printer. It connects to your computer via the included USB cable and will accommodate both Macs and PCs. Instead of printing it has an adjustable blade that will cut designs on a variety of materials including card stock, paper, vinyl and fabric. Maximum material dimensions are 12"" x 10 feet long. The software is easy to install and the machine is ready to use in a matter of minutes. That is, if you know what you are doing. This was my first experience with an electronic cutter and initially I found the software a tad daunting due to my lack of familiarity with the icons. They are not, however, hard to master. (I suggest that newbies check out the videos on YouTube and also the Silhouette website. They provide clear demonstrations of how things work and can allay novice concerns.) It comes with premade templates as well as options to buy more but it also allows you to create your own without much ado. Once you get familiar, the software is fun and  easy to use, especially with the drop and drag tools. There is a sticky mat that supports flimsier materials. Operation is simple and as promised, it cuts beautifully. It is fairly quiet and relatively light.  There is a one year  warranty.

This cutter is fine for my needs. My first project was a card and the process was hassle free and the results satisfactory.  There are a number of starter kits you can purchase for under thirty dollars including a glass embossing kit, a fabric ink starter kit, a vinyl&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Glass-Etching-Starter-Kit/dp/B00EB0B900/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Glass Etching Starter Kit</a>,<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Fabric-Ink-Starter-Kit/dp/B005H3T8PI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Fabric Ink Starter Kit</a>&nbsp;as well as kits involving stamps, vinyl, rhinestones and double sided adhesives. To the extent there is a downside, this machine really doesn't handle heavier or thicker materials like leather, metals and some woods. It doesn't engrave, emboss or pierce. As a beginner, I don't need those capabilities, but a more experienced crafter may want them.

If you are considering investing in a cutter, this is a good one. It is user friendly. Set up is quick and easy and it doesn't require great technical knowledge to master. There is plenty to get the creative juices flowing and my results to date have been impressive."
"I've had 2 Circuit machines, 1 Cutterbug  and 2 Sizzix machines for many years and now 1 Cameo. Overall it's a nice addition to my cutting machines. I'm on the fence as to whether or not I like the Cameo. I had very high expectations of the design environment and functionality. I don't think it has better features than my Cricut Expression and Cricut Explore.

What I like about it.
As soon as I opened the box I felt like a graduated to the big time. It's very sleek and slim.
Easy to set up and connect to my computer (from box to set up about 15 minutes).
Slightly smaller unit and weighs less.
You can cut vinyl without the mat.

What I'm not super excited about
Their software doesn't seem to have as much functionality as with the Cricut. Plus, paying an additional fee for more functionality when I can get that with the Circuit just doesn't seem right. The are not offering a space to store my files in a cloud environment, which means I'll probably need another back up external drive since project files can suck up a lot of room on the hard drive. USB cable is only 3 feet, so that means I'm going to have buy a 6 foot one so that I can position it on a shelf, don't want to reconfigure my workstation.  So you will need to remember where you put the extras. You can't use color and cut at the same time as you can with cricut. It also doesn't have a replaceable blade so you have to buy a new blade unit. And limited thickness that can be cut with machine. The online subscription to images is more expensive and you get less images than with Cricut services.

Design Studio
If you know how to work with image layers you will like the design software, but if you are not use to working with photoshop or other editing programs I would think the learning curve would be longer to understand how to ungroup layers.

What came with the basic package:
Cameo machine and A/C adaptor power cable
3 foot USB cable
Crosscut blade
Blade with racket cap
12"" cutting mat
Design software CD ROM
1 Month free coupon for online environment
Getting started booklet"
"I have never used an electronic cutting machine before, though I am generally ""crafty"", and enjoy making things. Those of you who are used to cutting machines will have specific features or gotchas in mind; I am writing for newbies, and those who are wondering whether to invest in a cutting machine.

Wow, what fun! This seems to put so much power into my hands that I want to pinch myself.

The first thing that I imagined using it for is vinyl car stickers. I've been wanting to decorate my boring gray car, but in a non-committal way... I don't want to put on permanent (or nearly so) decals that will be a pain to remove. So I'll start with removable/repositionable vinyl, which might not stay on my car very long. If I've just ordered some vinyl from Amazon, so haven't had a chance to try that out yet. (FYI that I picked the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/12-x-10-ft-Roll-of-Matte-631-Black-Repositionable-Adhesive-Backed-Vinyl-for-Craft-Cutters-Punches-and-Vinyl-Sign-Cutters-Vinyl-Ease-V1439/dp/B0037T70FO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">12"" x 10 ft Roll of Matte 631 Black Repositionable Adhesive-Backed Vinyl for Craft Cutters, Punches and Vinyl Sign Cutters ? Vinyl Ease V1439</a>, but would have picked the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/12-x-6-Matte-Removable-Vinyl-Black/dp/B00MW8X9LU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">12"" x 6' Matte Removable Vinyl - Black</a>&nbsp;if it had been in stock. I will likely try out both to see what I like best. And, of course, I'll move onto other colors after I learn what I'm doing.)

I have a Mac Air, which has no CD slot, so I just grabbed the software from the silhouette web site. I found the initial setup for both the software and the machine straightforward.

To become acquainted with the machine and the software, I tried card stock. As someone who's familiar with drawing programs, I find the software very easy to use, and was even able to figure out how to import my own jpg file without much hassle.

The only thing I had any difficulty with was the cutting mat, which has very strong adhesive. I tried doing my first test run on a piece of card-stock junk mail, but I couldn't remove the card stock in tact... the paper separated in several spots, removing the top half of the paper, and leaving the bottom half behind. I ended up using an xacto blade to clean everything up. I think I would prefer that the cutting mat were less tacky than it is, although of course it will get that way over time. For my second test, I used an old manilla folder, and it worked fine.

So, from my little test, I know that I can draw my own images, import images, or of course, use the images in the library (100 are included) or bought from silhouette. I can adjust the depth of the cutting blade for different materials, and I can cut a variety of materials with this awesome machine.

Things I need practice with include knowing how deep to set the blade (from 1-10; I used 2 for my first run and 3 for the folder) and learning how to peel paper things off the cutting mat without destroying them. Since the cutting mat is not used for the vinyl, I might find that process easier anyway. (Note that to do vinyl, you probably also want to get transfer paper, such as&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-12-Inch-Premium-Transfer-Paper-With-Grid/dp/B0069VEBO0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette 12-Inch Premium Transfer Paper With Grid</a>, so maybe it's one tricky thing vs. another.) I will post again after I've tried out the vinyl.

Pros:
1. Cuts a variety of materials, including card stock, fabric, and vinyl.
2. Images can be downloaded from the Silhouettes web site, imported, or drawn in the drawing program.
3. Pixscan allows cutting around printed images, too.
4. Basic software is included for free; there are upgrades that you can pay for.
5. There is a PDF manual that you can get via the software, for the software, that is very helpful.

Cons:
1. Cutting mat is too tacky for my druthers, though maybe experienced folks prefer this.

Initial projects, for me (in vinyl):
1. Names on the mailbox
2. Car decorations
3. Possibly, some soot sprites, in the corner of the kitchen and/or near the oven
4. Laptop decals, perhaps for stocking-stuffer/holiday presents

This is a wonderful machine that is sure to bring hours of delight."
"I have a Cricut Explore that I use at least weekly to make cards. I saw the Silhouette Cameo on my Amazon Vine queue and thought it would be a great opportunity to try it out and compare the latest and greatest from Silhouette with the latest and greatest from Cricut.

But first, a brief explanation of an Electronic Cutting Machine. Electronic Cutting Machines (of any brand) use a blade to cut images, words, and designs on paper or other materials on a mat that you insert into the machine. You can customize this design in a software program included with the machine.

Here's what I loved about the Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Machine:
- The touch screen was very responsive and easy to use. It's sleek, pretty, and had zero issues. The correct menu pops up when you need it with a few choices.
- It's so light! Easy to transport to different areas or to take to a crafting retreat.
- Paper peels easily off of the cutting mat and left very little residue after a few uses.
- The crosscut tool allows you to make an even edge off the back of the paper as it comes out of the Cameo.
- The Silhouette Studio (software for designing your cuts) is very easy to use, navigate, and create.
- Excellent cut quality.

Here's what I'm not crazy about:
- It's louder than I expected when making a cut.
- Adjusting the blade is a bit futzy. The Silhouette Studio tells you what your blade depth needs to be based on the kind of paper in your machine, which is great! BUT changing it requires taking out the blade and a special tool to adjust the depth.
- The mat leaves a slight adhesive feel to the back of the first images you cut. Which could be a good thing if you want them to be sticky, but not so great if you're using the paper as a card and don't want the sticky feel all over the entire card.

How I feel the Silhouette Cameo compares with the Cricut Explore:
- Honestly, it's kind of like an Apple vs. Android. Both products do essentially the same thing, but people will prefer one user interface over the other. Aesthetically they look different (both the actual machine and the design studios)
- I prefer the Cricut subscription service when it comes to images. Cricut charges a flat $9.99 fee per month to let you use over 20,000 images. You don't OWN them, but you can use them. You can certainly buy them if you want to keep them and ditch the subscription, but there are SO MANY images included, I can't see why you wouldn't just use the $9.99 for the sheer variety of images.
- How the Silhouette subscription service works is a bit more complicated, so you'll definitely want to check that out. Basically, you pay a fee per month and get a certain amount of store credit to spend. Which means you'll own the images when you no longer pay the monthly fee, but you still have to pay for them on top of the subscription fee. If you pay more per month, you get more credit, so you'll technically get SOME for free. Like I said, it's complicated. BUT there are some really great designs that you can browse even without any subscription and buy a la carte. They have lots of fun bags, boxes, and other really fun stuff!

Overall, if you've never used a Silhouette or a Cricut, watch some videos to see which you prefer. Both machines do an excellent job of cutting and allowing you to get all creative and crafty. The interfaces are a bit different on the machine and with the design software, so look into that as well.

If you're debating on whether or not to get the Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Machine as your main electronic cutter, it's a great choice! Lightweight, quick to set up and easy to use! Plug it in and get your craft on!"
"I've been wanting to get one of these for a few years now after seeing them on QVC (or was it HSN?). I want to be able to take my crafting to the next level rather than buying those paper cutouts from the craft stores for a big price. The cutting machine isn't as big as you'd expect, its more narrow but more wide, kind of like a shrunk printer.

The kit comes with the basics to start including a software disc, manual, cutting mat, cross cutter, cutting tool. Replacement cutters are all around $7. The have some for paper, fabric and vinyl. I recommend using one for each material because the cutters will dull faster with harder materials. You need a super sharp cutter for paper so you don't want to use it for fabric. Amazon has the best price for Silhouette accessories and supplies. The Silhouette website has them too but are more expensive.

The kit comes with software its called Silhouette studio. The instruction booklet comes with a nice diagram that shows you what all the icons in the software are for and do so you don't feel like ""HUH?"". The version is a basic version and if you want more options you have to pay either $50 or $100 for mid-pro versions. It will take you a little bit to get used to the software but its not too difficult. i think there are youtube videos on it.

It also comes with 100 free images and of course you can buy more but I found some great links for free ones including a huge amount on Pinterest so start there first. And there's a month free trial card.

I purchased a set of colored vinyl and made new house numbers for my first project. I recommend getting the additional tools like the hook and spatula. It sure helps lift the letters of your design off the main sheet so you don't mess it up using your fingernails. Its cheaper to buy them separately but here's the full kit link.. http://amzn.com/B009OIZ9AA.

For most paper being its thin you need to use the cutting mat so the cutter has something to cut against so you get a nice sharp edge. Its quite amazing to see a snowflake come out of the machine so perfectly. I'll probably be doing mostly paper and vinyl work but can't wait to try some fabric to make flowers and such with.

There really is so much you can do with the machine and there is so much online to get inspiration from. The initial investment is a little pricey but most people will find it worth it to have such professional work from it.

One last thing not about the machine, is their website is painfully slow and everything takes forever to download and load when viewing hopefully they will fix things soon."
"This version of the Silhouette comes with just about everything you need to get started except the supplies. Since it mentions two different numbers of ""free patterns,"" I want to reassure you that once you hook it up to your computer, you have access to 100 free patterns that come with it. I have included a video of three of our early items. I love the slim look, and having the touchscreen available is awesome. I especially appreciate being able to do a ""one touch"" repeat of the design you just completed.

It has a CD with the software and manual, however I was able to download it from online directly to my computer, so don't worry if you don't have a drive, you are safe. It also comes with a written start guide, and something you will want to own, a cutting mat.

If you are wondering what the mat is for, it is a sticky mat that you place under items that are too soft to send through the cutting machine on their own - a quick example that I tried is ... paper. It shredded it trying to feed it through. Once I stuck it on the mat, it cut it perfectly, although it stuck onto the mat. (big learning curve here). I have used 65 pound card stock with few problems, but even it does better with the mat. EDITED: After discussing this with some people in comments, even the card stock works better with the mat. One of the commenters suggested using a cricut mat because they are cheaper.

You can make crafts with cloth, but you need to use a heavy fabric liner - although I noticed on Pinterest that fabric starch might be another solution. Because of the precision, after you use the fusing, you can precisely place it on the mat for cutting. So you can cut several different colors after separating the image and locating the colors where they are needed.

In addition to the 100 included patterns, this includes a ""one month subscription"" or $25 worth of patterns off of the Silhouette web site, which allows you to choose your own, plus if you search around on the internet, there are many other ideas you can work with and patterns you can get for free. Silhouette also offers a free pattern of the week, and discounted patterns and sales, so it is easy to collect quite a few if you aren't confident enough to create your own.

The basic software to run the machine is free, but you will need to pay a premium if you want to upgrade to fancier software that will do more. If you are familiar with drawing programs, you will be able to get started quickly, however if you are new to software, this will also be a large learning curve.

In addition to supplies (and additional cutting mats), Silhouette offers replacement blades. They offer one that is listed as for fabric. You don't need a special blade for fabric, but for sharpness, it is a good idea to use one exclusively for this purpose. If you are doing much, they have some special blades, hooks, and scrapers to more easily remove your cut out pieces. After pricing around, Amazon seems to have the best prices for these.

What impressed me is that even with my lack of knowledge, I was able to use one of the patterns and create a project right off, so I'm happy with this machine and looking forward to many more projects to come. Like most craft items, the more you use it, the more things you find that it can do. I have been checking multiple ideas online and have ordered the lining to make cloth projects using my quilting scraps."
I LOVE my Cameo!! This was such a great buy. I have made some adorable things and am looking forward to years of enjoyment with this machine. The studio software is very user friendly and the interface is great too.
Love this machine!!
Love love love my Cameo!  I don't find it much different from the bigger/better edition and have been able to download any image and fix to print on my cameo.  I've made a ton of vinyl transfers and plastic stencils outta this machine.
still do not know how to use lost start up disk
"good product, good seller"
"I love my silhouette! This is a basic starter bundle, but enough to get you going to be able to see what else you would like to add. Easy instructions, I set it up right out of the box and started to make something."
good
"Initially I bought a used Cricut for very cheap but it wasn't user friendly and I was always having trouble.  So I bought the cameo and it is SO easy to use.  I've made a variety of things and have never had a problem.  Projects turn out beautiful,  there are SO many projects you can do, and the machine works fast.  I highly recommend purchasing a tiny spatula like tool to help peel paper off the sticky mat.

As someone who has used a cricut and a cameo, I highly recommend the cameo"
It arrived and had already been open before. There were 5 items that were missing. I returned it
The machine which has been used three times since the purchase stopped working. After hours trying to troubleshoot the machine by researching on-line and with the help of Silhouette's technical support. There is an error in communication between the computer and the printer that has been observed by lots of customers. Silhouette's response to us is to send the machine in and pay $100.00 for them to fix the problem. Based on the volume of customers that have this same problem I think the error is with Silhouette producing faulty equipment. It was an expensive machine and instead of spending an extra one hundred dollars to get a machine back that we have little confidence in we've decided to cut our losses and not use the defective machine. This was an expensive lesson in dealing with a company that produces poor quality products and has poor customer service. I would NOT recommend purchasing the Silhouette Cameo!
"I have had this since October and as it is now February, I would expect that the seller would do what they could to help me use it.  No manual, no software disk or thumb drive, and I have been unable to get further than a spinning wheel when I attempt to download ""Design Studio.""  ""Friendly support staff"" gives me a repeat of online prompt and a ""thanks for contacting us."" So far, a royal rip-off!
The company customer service representatives. It definitely raises my opinion of the company have recontacted me and although we have not yet resolved all my issues, I believe they sincerely wish to assist me and I must revise my former feedback rating.  I do believe I will like the product if I ever get to use it."
"Disappointed with this product. Ordered August of 2017. Finally used it for the first time on February 11, 2018. After watching several YouTube videos (also read user manual) to familiarize myself with settings and so forth, I chose a small simple design. No cut on vinyl. Watched more videos on troubleshooting, made a couple of adjustments, and still nothing. Disappointing that it didn't work right out of the box. I suppose I'll have to spend more money and see if a new blade will make a difference, even though I was using a new blade. Certainly not worth the price."
Good!! Loved it!!
I liked it while it worked. Ive had for 2 yeArs and it stopped working.  I've taken good care of it. 2 years seems like a short life span for a $200 cutter.   Maybe I just got a lemon.
"Loved this machine but it suddenly stop letting me send directly to printer so had to use send to SD card (pain!), did an upgrade then I couldn't download anything new, upgraded again after some time and now it won't send SD card anymore so machine is totally useless! Disappointing because the machine works but there are so many issues with the software!"
Love my silhouette cameo. I didn't use it for months because I was intimidated. But when I finally decided to use it was so easy to use. Very user friendly.
Love it!
Thank you
Machine is faulty and amazon will not replace nor will silhouette.
I love my silhouette!  Great instructions and easy to use
"It would be fine if it would actually cut when I try to send my project to the machine. So incredibly frustrating. I tried updating Silhouette Studio which helped for a short period but now my machine won't respond at all. It turns on and off, loads the mat, I plug it into my laptop, hit send to silhouette and crickets. UGH. I definitely wish I had a Cricut right now!!!"
Love it. Use it for many different craft projects. Mostly for paint stencils or stickers.
Absolutely love my cameo and this bundle was perfect!
"For a product that is so costly you'd think it wouldn't break after a year. Unfortunately I'm outside of the 1 year warranty. The machine now completely skips on cutting portions, rendering it completely useless. Won't be buying a silhouette machine again."
LOVE LOVE LOVE
"Did just what I wanted it to do. I print on T Shirts, and this baby cuts around my designs for T Shirt Prints quite well.
If it gives you troubleshooting problems like not reading reg marks or job complete when it didn't actually do anything... simply restart the software and restart the machine... fixes the issue for me."
Very usefull and handy for Crafts and business stickers
"OMG.  Changed my wife's life.  We wow our friends/family with cool cards, add decor to our home and make awesome T-shirts.  That machine is surprisingly good for the price (i.e. Definitely not an industrial design, but cuts super precise designs).  The downside is that it is 'locked-in' to their software (which is great unless you know real design softwares).  Probably worth investing in their *full* version, so you can at least work with SVG with other tools.

If you can find this version of the CAMEO instead of the newer (version 3 I think), you'll save yourself a few headaches"
Great product!
works nice mant more options than a cricket
Loved all of the extra goodies that came with this.
"Is very good, tnks"
Item arrived broken
Love the machine. Great for beginners. Easy to use. Would recommend to all my friends.
Wife loves using this for rims of crafting projects. She has had it for close to 2 years without a glitch.
Love it. Does what I need it to do.
So far prettt disappointed. Instead of fully cutting the paper it tore most of it even on the right setting. I can't get the vinyl to roll in straight for the life of me. It's super loud and sounds like some crazy futuristic time machine. Whenever I try to cancel a job it just keeps trying to cut even after ejecting the material and it confirming it canceled. Maybe I just got a bad machine? Also the instructional tutorial is weird and it isn't accurate to the machine.
This little machine is a beast! It has handle so much cutting and does not let me down. The software that comes with it is easy to use and easy to understand. I would recommend this to anyone that loves crafting and is tired of doing it by hand.
I bought the machine and it doesn't work properly. I tried to return it but the cost to returned it was almost 35% of the cost of the machine.
Can't say as I gave the machine and attachments to a friend.
Great product very happy
"The Silhouette Cameo is outstanding.  I ordered the starter bundle, which was supposed to include a cameo 2.  And when I ordered it said they had only one left in stock.  Well they must have had none when I put my order in, because when I opened the box, there was not a cameo 2 but a cameo 3.  Which was a happy surprise.

After getting it all synced up with my comp at home I was able to start cutting vinyl like it was going out of style.  Had a learning curve with cutting thru the backing of vinyl and into the mat for a couple passes, but with everything, practice makes perfect.  The machine works quickly and efficiently.  My only complaint is that the auto-blade isn't performing as well as I'd hope it would.  Maybe I got a faulty one there, but the standard ratchet blade is perfect.

Overall very happy with this purchase"
We love our Silhouette Cameo. We have had it for about two years now and have made a lot of different projects. The Silhouette can cut vinyl for custom stickers. We have printed and cut out stickers using the Silhouette. Heat transfer vinyl can be cut easily with the Silhouette for T-shirt designs. I have made a skin for my drone using the Silhouette. It is easy to use and very fun.
great deal
"Awesome little vinyl cutter. It works amazingly well when using the cutting mat. It can cut very small text without lifting or tearing the pieces. The included software works very well and it simple to use and includes a flawless tracing feature. The application rivals the professional grade software I used to use in my exhibit business.

One flaw with the machine though is that it doesn't cut well from a roll as it often feeds the material crooked which means large cuts often don't go well, but for small stuff it works as well as cutters that cost five times as much."
Great starter kit. Got me up and running and love this machine.
"Great craft cutter for the money. My use was cutting 1/16"" EPDM rubber sheet into weather seals. Four stars because I am not a fan of the touch screen, I miss the older version that had buttons instead of a touchscreen to jog the cut head."
Way too complicated for me
"This Printer doesn't work as the ad says.
I don't recommend this printer is too difficult to work with this printer."
"Personally purchased for prototyping public safety markings for a government agency I work for (as a hobby). My primary intent and usage has been reflective badges/signs using a vinyl overlay. The results are absolutely astonishing. I am not good with crafts whatsoever but do have a background in graphic design, and the quality I can produce with this easily exceeds what I've seen with professional shops.

Unit identifier badges, name tags, labels, etc. can be produced with absolute ease with a fraction of the cost and time it takes to consult uniform and equipment suppliers for the same purpose. There's a small learning curve understanding cut settings and materials (if, like me, you're brand new to the field) but with a few test runs you can virtually create anything you need.

While I otherwise love this machine, I'm annoyed at the software versions and pricing; specifically how you cannot directly import and cut vector graphics unless using a paid version of the software. Instead, you must export vectors as very high resolution images from programs like Photoshop or Illustrator and _then_ import them into Silhouette's software and use a pathfinding/trace feature to make the image a vector again. It's really as silly as it sounds and, no matter what, you will notice small defects in your original path as always happens when automatically generating paths from pixels. Most people will probably never notice, but any designer will invariably be irked by it."
Love this machine. Here's a few examples of the quality of cut that this machine offers.
love this product! easy to assemble and use
LOVE my Silhouette
I love printing all my planner stickers. I LOVE my Silhouette.
Overall awesome. Tears/lifts red grid light transfer paper. Other papers and vinyl is good except sillouette vinyl not good. Sorry. But this product gives u all and more.
"Bought this when my old cricut finally bit the dust, I love this machine so much more! Much higher quality and more options and add-ons and accessories available than the cricut."
I just barely opened this and it doesn't work. not sure if I can return it since I bought it in November
The bests much fun to use.
"Wife could not be happier, perfect quality machine"
Perfect for sign making!
I have only had my machine a few short months. I've used maybe 5 times max and now my my blade will not move up and down to cut.
"Great buy, works perfect. The only bad thing is the knife is so dull that it will not cut anything so had to replace that. Works great otherwise !!"
"Absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo and this bundle was a steal of a deal.
Haven't had any problems with it and it arrived on time!"
Bought as new but with an open/damaged box through Amazon Marketplace and except for the box being open everything else was still in sealed bags.  Works just fine.  Glad I upgraded from the Portrait.
AAA+...Thanx!!!
Loving my machine it is amazing.
awesome deal!!!
the machine is so much louder and I have had so many issues with it that i never had with my portrait.
Wife has wanted one for ages and finally was able to get it for her. She seems to love it and I haven't heard any complaints. She has created some cool things and has a blast with it. She created her own measured water bottle to stay on top of her water intake. She's made coffee mugs as giveaways at church. She even used it to make a wadding gift for friends of ours! Was a good buy!
Ok
"This machine has made my life significantly worse and has definitely shortened its span. Sure, it does cut paper, and on the perfect day, when the stars are aligned, and you've made the correct offerings to the gods, it will cut out an intricate pattern for you on a variety of materials. The problem, however, arises when you need to rely on this machine for any sort of mass produced final product in any kind of business setting. If you need to produce a lot of something, this machine has some sort of sensor that detects the urgency and sends a signal to start creating problems. And oh my god, what a colorful and magical array of problems this machine can create.

First of all, the blade is adjusted using an inexplicably small little nondescript gray plastic piece that was designed specifically to be misplaced. Assuming you've somehow managed to track down this little gray blade adjuster, you must now decide on a blade depth rating of 1-10. A 6 will cut 65 lb card stock, except for when it won't, in which case you will need a 9, until you no longer need a 9 and then you cut all the way through your cut mat. Did I mention that the cut mats cost 15 dollars? Speaking of the cut mats, they're the stickiest things you've ever encountered in your life when you first purchase them. So sticky in fact that when you try to peel your freshly cut paper crafts off your sticky mat you will find that at best they become irreversibly curled and misshapen, and at worst actually tear because of the level of adhesion provided by your delightful cut mat. Fast forward to 30 uses into the life of your cut mat. At this point your cut mat will suddenly go from being so sticky it destroys everything, to not sticky enough to immobilize a piece of paper while it's being cut. At this point you will attempt to cut something, the machine will get 15 seconds into the job, and then the paper will start sliding around errantly underneath the blade, creating an abstract expressionist piece of paper-cut-art. No problem right? We'll just hit the cancel job button and start over. Upon hitting the cancel job button on the incredibly poorly made touch screen that does that touching-liquid-mercury esque thing when you hit it with your finger (touch screens are totally not supposed to do that right?) you will find that cancelling a job actually takes anywhere from 45 seconds to 3 minutes. By the time the machine has actually cancelled the job it has usually already mauled both your sheet of paper and your cut mat into unrecognizable scraps. I can only assume this is at least somewhat related to the fact that the software appears to have been made somewhere in the general neighborhood of the Windows 95 era. If your desire is to create flowers, hearts, and other generic clip art images circa that wonderful 90's era of computing, you are in luck. If you actually want to create a custom design, then I certainly hope you own several hundred dollars worth of image editing software, because you're in for a bumpy ride. My standard process involves importing an image into Illustrator, tracing it, creating a black and white silhouette, touching that up in photoshop, THEN importing the image to the lovely Silhouette software so that it's clunky trace tool can attempt to make some semblance of a vector map to send to the machine. It's best to give the Silhouette software the simplest possible two color image, as the logic that commands its trace tool seems to take anything outside of the realm of black and white as an open invitation to go full retard on your design.

With all this being said, the machine does do what it is advertised as doing, sometimes, sort of, and with the grace of a mentally challenged walrus. I wish I could suggest an alternative, but somehow the idiots at Silhouette and whoever makes the Cricut have cornered the computer guided paper cutting game. If you really need a machine to cut paper, buy this thing, but do a quick consult with your doctor to see if you can grab some blood pressure medication prior to your purchase. Maybe take up yoga or something, I don't know, just be prepared."
Does everything I wanted it to!! Absolutely perfect!!
"When i received this machine I was so excited because I had a big project I was planning. I followed all the set up guidelines, however I was not able to get it to print correctly at all. I tried several times tog et it to work, watched countless you tube videos, also went to silhouettes website and called customer support with no luck. I could only get it to cut the design partially. I was very disappointed and very frustrated with this product. Sadly I am returning it."
"I was hesitant about purchasing because of the, ""Scam"" reviews and this other bad review about receiving a ""used machine."" Few days later I decided to just do it and I'm so glad I did! Came with everything listed, brand new and it works like a charm! I love my silhouette!!!"
Love my Silhouette!!!
perfect purchase
Disappointed that I was sent a used item and other people's garbage in box!  Completely ruined my Mothers Day gift!!!
Been using the cameo since the day I received it. Still getting use to the software program but it is fairly easy to use.
do not buy. the blade that came with it wouldn't work. i had to buy a new one to do anything. also a lot of the times i have to cut multiple times bc the lines don't cut all the way and i can't weed the vinyl.
Love it!!  Super Deal!!!
Love this machine! So glad I got one!
I love this machine!!! I had a cricut but the diversity of this machine is amazing!!!!
"Moved up from a portrait. I have to say, my portrait cut better than this one. It seems to have a bit of trouble cutting through every design, but only in certain areas. I love the size of cut area compared to smaller machine, just wished it cut the same."
"Works great most of the time. Is not always consistent with the depth of the cut, but overall works well."
SCAM
Scam
I use this machine for diecuts and/or titles for everyone of my scrapbook pages.
I love the Silhouette CAMEO vinyl!!! The only thing I do not like is that there is no rhinestone feature on the software it is really basic. Other than that shipping was fast and customer service is great!!!!
Soooo happy I purchased this!!!
The software is difficult but the product produces great results!
"I LOVE my Silhouette Cameo! I have made banners, cards, tags, paper bows, etc. since I bought it. I have more plans to create accents for my upcoming wedding, too.

I always get so many compliments on the crafts I've made for other people. It makes me really happy that I can bring an added touch of personality and love to the gifts I give. There's a pretty steep learning curve, but once you figure out the quirks and how to use it, it's so much fun!"
"this beauty is doing the job, it took me a while to get used to the program, not difficult at all, now i do a lot of things with my cameo.  love it."
Works great
"Scam. And so upset by this... if it's to good to be true it prolly is... don't make the same mistake I did.. supposivly the company got hacked , but they won't even respond to emails. Don't buy !!!"
I am very impress how well it cuts out detailed designs.
"I LOVE IT!! I have had my silhouette a year now and only use it for personal use, but it has made my DIYs look professional :) You won't be disappointed. I did want to add that in the beginning I thought I would never figure out the settings, I just happened to switch out the blades because I had another on hand and it made a WORLD of difference. I think I had a faulty blade that came with the silhouette. Bottom line - just don't give up. There are facebook groups to help you along the way also."
Got it for my wife. She loves it
LOVE-LOVE-LOVE mine.
Everything came as it was stated. I'm still trying to learn how to use the machine but so far so good.
It didn't for me on no why but the CD wouldn't download on the computer
Love it!
This product was damaged !!! It does not cut !
Love it!
"Fantastic machine for small business, the machine work with my Mac real good
the seller is fantastic to, help me to solve problems in a moment 100% recommended"
I love my cameo! It does so much more than I thought it did.  My project list just keeps growing!
"So far I love my silhouette cameo! No complaints, the Vinyl starter bundle was really useful. I would highly recommend.
I used it to cut 90 sheets of cardstock over the past two days and it works amazingly!"
Great for making Stencils for Airbrushing. Just check and clean cutting blade after using and blade will last a longer. I usually make my stencils out of vinyl which is easier to cut than card stock. Using the Silhouette Cameo is a piece of cake after watching a couple of youtube videos. Just getting into making Multi-layered stencils which I wouldn't be able to do if I had to cut them by hand. Saves hours of tedious hand cutting.
"It cuts fine. But...after you will see scratches on the vinyl that's created from the roller. Especially any metallic vinyl. I've tried to see how I can modify it to not create any scratches, but to my dismay it looks impossible. You should forget this model and get the Cameo 3. I'm gna purchase it soon and see if it still does the same thing, I'm going to ask for my money back."
"Love it!!! Great deal, great product and the beginner kit with vinyl, membership and pixscan came with everything I needed!"
Awesome machine. Software is surprisingly feature-rich and reliable. Fantastic integration among product features and software features. Works well enough for a small print shop.  Purchased one for my mother who's a teacher.
"I aboslutely LOVE the product itself. I use it all the time, and I'm definitely getting my money's worth.

It's getting 4 stars, though, because there wasn't really anything that came with the machine that explained what it could do. I had to figure out how to do everything - what I could make with it, how to make it, how to work the machine - from online blogs, instead."
Works great for cutting through two layers of tape for preparing microscope samples.
LOVE IT
"The cd that comes with it wasn't very helpful.  I advise anyone using this who wants tutorials to go to youtube. There isn't a huge learning curve - it's fairly easy to figure out. There is a small one, however, and it's important to be patient.
For a very long time I was doing stencils by hand. This allows me to create them more precisely and intricately, and I love that. I use it for a lot of things, though. You're only limited by your imagination with this one.
This thing is also great for crafting parties. Super fun for small groups!"
"The vinyl isn't the best, so go ahead and get some higher quality stuff.  Everything else is great!"
I purchased this machine 5 months ago and use it 1-3 times a week. I have been really happy with it. We've had a few problems here and there with the downloaded application but never with the machine it's self.
"I LOVE my silhouette!  So many fun projects to make!  If you are familiar with various drawing softwares, the Silhouette Drawing Studio is easy.  If you're not, they have some fun templates you can purchase!  If you don't want to purchase anything, you can basically trace over any image you can get your hands on (for personal use only, obviously)!  Half of me wants to share how amazing this machine is! The other half wants to keep it a secret to reduce my craft competition!  ;)  PS.  We love it so much, we're bought the Silhouette Cameo 3!"
I'm having so much fun with this new machine!  Have found the Silhouette blade settings in the program to be a bit off.  It does cut wonderfully once you get the hang of it.
Got it shipped fast and ready to use
"My husband bought this for me for Christmas and I love it!  I've been cutting paper, cardstock, and vinyl sticks so far with great results.  I plan to try it on fabric appliques soon.  We ordered the basic bundle - supposed to be just the machine and no extras - but it still came with a starter pack of vinyl, some tools, cutting mat, etc.  That was a pleasant surprise.

We are Linux users, running mostly Ubuntu on our personal computers, so the Silhouette Studio software does not work for me.  I'm happy to say this machine is easy to use with Linux.  I prepare my designs in Inkscape, and then use Extensions>Export>Send to Silhouette to cut them.  I've used free designs I found online as well as ones I've designed myself."
Adoro mi cameo.
Perfect!
Great Item!!!
Looove it!!!
Be sure to purchase the warranty.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Stopped working after only six months (incomplete cuts) Silhouette's Customer Services is a joke
I chose this one bc of pixscan mat and it came completely folded. Would not send a new one. Should have saved and bought basic
"This is the second machine i bought from amazon that worked improperly. At first i thought it was because of the blades, but i bought all new ones and the machine would often times continue to cut after the design was already cut out, even though the que was empty. No matter the blade setting the mat would be getting cut into, so irritating. Arrived with a dull blade and damaged mat. I suggest you buy from michaels, amazon seems to have damaged devices"
Got cameo and loved it. 3 months later it broke. No big deal I have a 1 year warranty. But customer support won't tell me how to use warranty. I get the run around. Now I have an overpriced paper weight.
"I ordered this machine and was extremely excited to receive it. Although the shipping was extremely the roller bar did not work on the first machine. I returned it and they sent me a replacement and I received that one quickly as well but, I had the same issue with the roller bar. It was not gripping the paper of the mat and they were moving all over the place. I can tell that both machines sent to me were once opened and probably returned for the same reasons I returned it...a useless roller bar."
Great started kit!
I purchased the machine as Christmas gift for my wife and she loves it!
"Absolutely love! The only thing I didn't like was the disc wouldn't install or start so I had to download from the internet ... the BASIC manual is very BASIC thank God for YouTube...

I was able to do a test cut and print for my chef coat it was super easy"
"I love this machine and am so glad I got it. It was a great price here, so I was able to afford a couple of accessories to go with it. I'm so excited and have made several things already."
"I got the Starter Bundle with two blades, and only one of the blades works.  Unfortunately, I'm unable to find in customer support where you can just send back the blade to get a replacement.  I'm unable to send back the entire system..."
"I cannot say enough great things about this machine and this bundle!!!! I got everything I needed to start crafting with this bundle.  It was easy to put together, very user friendly and there are tons and tons of tutorials and blogs online to help you with any questions you may have.  Shipping was fast and the price was great!  I absolutely adore this machine and it's design studio!!!!!!!!! I would buy again if and when this machine poops out on me from all of my crafting!!!"
"I've never used one of these before, and yet it was very simple to learn to use. I wanted something I could cut out my rubber stamped images on, and it does that pretty well.  The software is a bit clunky on my windows pc.  It probably runs much better on a Mac.  A really good bargain all in all, but I wouldn't bother buying the pixscan package if you have windows.  All the software runs great except for when I try to use pixscan, then it freezes up the whole program.  You can't just scan your image in without using pixscan if you're trying to use your camera, but if you just use your printer scan function, or a file picture on your computer, and scan without using pixscan it works great."
Amazing Cutter. It is really easy and simple to use.
Got it for my grandkids and they love it!!
"We have not been able
To get the software to work with either of our computers. It was a Christmas gift so we missed our return window and now have a very expensive machine that we can't use."
Perfect and pretty easy to use. Be sure to pay attention that the $25 card that comes with it HAS to be used in a certain amount of time. They call it a SUBSCRIPTION card and not a gift card so it will not have an open amount of time to be used. Learned the hard way with that one! Still LOVE my cameo! It is amazing!!!
Excellent timely delivery.  Excellent product.  Perfect experience
While I love the machine the weeder that came with it was so dull it was useless.
I love my Cameo
Recieved order on time. Can't wait to start but the tutorial DVD included was broken. I need to be able to watch how to utilize the machine.
"Love it, nothing else to say..."
It's an amazing machine in every way ..
"I received this as a Christmas present.  I've never done scrapbooking and was not excited about it.  Based on the designs I saw in the on-line store I was amazed at what it could do!  However, that unless you know what your are doing with these machines, don't waste your money!  The You Tube videos aren't helpful (why should I waste my bandwidth to learn how to use it anyway?) and there are no tutorials or help sections within the software or on the CD to get you started.  I don't have the time to spend experimenting and hope something comes out.  Even the designs you buy don't have any instructions.  Instead of Do It Yourself, this is for those who wish to Figure It Out Yourself.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!  Shame on Silhouette for not including tutorials or instructions!"
I am still learning but so far this is a great product.  Very easy to.put together and very simple instructions to follow.  Can't wait to continue to get better with using it!
I am very amazed with this product
Gift for my daughter-in-law and she loves it.
Great product
Perfect!
LOVE LOVE the Cameo
Created so many awesome Christmas Gift this year. My new favorite toy
I REALLY LIKE IT
I love my Cameo!
Girlfriend loves it
Great product and the machine was very easy to use.
"Love it.  Have used one before at work, had to have my own."
"I would definitely buy this again.  Also, instead of buying expensive vinyl sheets I bought a roll of sticky wall paper and cut them into sheets and it works really well."
"Love this machine! Have already made tons of cards, decorations, vinyl stickers, tattoos, cut fabric... the only thing it will not cut (even with the deep cut blade) is shrink plastic material or anything dense. The Silhouette website and designs are awesome too!"
Great machine!
This was a great deal. It's my 2nd silhouette since my electricity blew my other one out. I love this machine and paid less for it with this bundle.
Worth the money! So many projects to do with this thing!
"The Cameo II has worked well for me. It would be nice if it was a wireless device (802.11, not BT), but it is what it is. Pretty quiet while running, Like most CNC type products, most of the learning curve is not in the hardware component but in the design software. Good product for the money."
it works fine
Perfect gift
Beware on this particular Vinyl/Pixscan bundle that states $25 purchase card in the description.... I paid $15 extra for this (figured I was saving $10 in the long run) and there was NO $25 CARD.
I absolutely love this!  I can decorate the way I want now! Thanks a bunch!
"Love having this but overall disappointed with the machine. When it works right, I love it but it's completely unreliable. It can cut an image perfectly once and if I turn right around a minute later and cut it again, it may or may not work. Cut a full sheet of images the other day...stopped three times, had to push start again each time. It would restart where it left off but a pain to make sure it went right back in in the same position. Only buy if you're patient."
Decent machine but I'm already having issues with the cutting mat moving and I've gone through all the tips and tricks. I feel like the roller bar is just not the most durable.
"For the first time I'm able to do a craft and it comes out exactly like I imagined. This thing works amazing well and everything that is included in the starter bundle is everything you will need and then some... The extra mat and blade are great to have. I've had my machine for 6 months and I haven't even needed to use them yet, but I have them and that's great!

For me, crafting with this has been so relaxing. I watched a bunch of YouTube videos to learn how to do everything and there is some trial and error and you have to know there will be, but it's great to take my mind off of life and just focus on a craft that I know will come out amazing. I have made cards, decals for cups and windows, t-shirts, canvas totes... all personalized for myself, my family or gifts for friends."
"Have never used this. There is absolutely no real guidance on how to use this machine. Two classes on Craftsy but those are for cutsey little projects in card making that I have no use for. Not paying for those.

Really dissappointed in the lack of any real Silhouette software training for the customer who pays big bucks for this machine. Should've kept my Cricut & cartridges. At least I could turn that one on and figure out how to use it.

Think I'll put it on ebay with all the extra gadgets and vinyl I bought for it so I can get most of my money back."
love it. easy to unpack and set up.  software easy to install and to use.  I was able to be in a craft fair by using this with very little learning curve.
Great item
"I love my Silhouette!!  It came with everything I need to start up, along with a few extras.  I can't wait to use all these extras as soon as I get familiar with the Silhouette."
"Still trying to figure out after a year. But it's nice and has great potential.
I'm sure it's because I'm not so good with computers though"
Haven't has long still learning but love everything I have done so far!
"All the Cameo cutters are essentially the same thing.

I run a printing business and have had all of the three versions at one point. All three versions are the same size, use the same software, and work at the same speed with the same accuracy. However, the Cameo 2 introduces a gimmicky touchscreen and the Cameo 3 introduces some gimmicky new features such as dual blades and in cutter storage. There's no difference other than a slightly different shape and price tag.

All three versions are wonderful and get the job done, so my advice to anyone is to get the cheapest version they can. Currently, Amazon has all three versions up for sale but this one is the cheapest, so when I decided to get another cutter I just went with this one. Until there's a sale or a price drop on the new version, I recommend this one."
Lived it
excellent
goooooodd
My wife loves this thing except for the fact that it died almost 3 months to the day. We've ordered a replacement power cord as we've heard its a common point of failure. Customer Support from the manufacturer is nonexistent and we're trying to get the issue resolved but have yet to make progress and were getting discouraged.
So happy with my new machine
"Great product.  Push present for the wife and she is in love with it, easy to set up and use."
Great and easy to use product. You can do so many things with this one item. Your money goes a long way.
"I am a graphic designer with over 20 years of experience...I ordered about $200 worth of vinyl and I could not get one satisfactory cut from this machine.  I probably looked at 20 YouTube tutorials, tried different vinyls....I could nothing to work.  I am glad this worked so well for other people but it was a total waste of money.  I guess I need to get a more pro vinyl machine."
Product is ok. Havent used it yet. Will update rating as the wife uses her new gift.
My wife loves it!! We have a church craft group that she has joined. It's really been great! Nice Product
Ordered the silhouette cameo bundle and I must say I love it! Received right on time the packaging was very good. All the items were in the box and the machine works wonderfully!
"5 stars for the cameo, 3 for the vinyl kit.
The cutter is awesome, and opens up all kinds of cool options to make with paper and vinyl and fabric.
The vinyl was fine, until I bought this pack: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DKY08C2, which has FAR SUPERIOR VINYL, making the process of removing cutouts MUCH MUCH easier and less frustrating.
I would personally recommend getting the cameo alone, buying the vinyl pack I linked above, along with a set of tiny-nosed tweezers to help with removing the cut out bits."
fantastic!...I'm so excited to get to work on my projects.
Love it! Very addicting!
love it
Love my machine was able to get before Christmas and for a great price! I use it daily to help make decals for home and friends!  I love my silhouette!
Love it -  so much fun and everything comes out great!!!
"I love my silhouette cameo, the vinyl is so fun to use...Ive made some cute vinyl sign baby gifts for friends and relatives and plan on making lots of christmas gifts this year. I still haven't gotten the pixscan to work though or else I would have given 5 stars!"
Awesome
I love this!  My first cutter and it gets the job done.  Wish it came with tweezer though....and more instructions for us newbies.  Thank God for YouTube!
"Love love love.. I did a lot of research and read a lot of reviews. I'm super happy I choose this one! Easy to use, and I'm a beginner."
"If you're thinking this is a lovely item to purchase for the creative moderately computer savvy person in your life, think again!  What an utter disappoint.  Buy your loved one a fitbit this Christmas instead!  Give the gift of health....not tedious stress.  The instructions are in an incredibly small font...no 40 year old person can read this.  The projects all require purchase of additional materials, etching, paint, painters tape, something from the silhouette store.  You might be thinking oh I'll just watch the you tube tutorial or subscribe to silhouette instructional class.  Yep these jokers are better than apple.  That will cost you some more!  Get real folks...I'm just trying to get dinner on the table after I work my 40 hours........and maybe customize a Yeti.  I wasted 5 hours of my life watching videos, setting up.  Creating my first designs to be cut.  I cut my first project and watched the tiny little shreds of poorly cut vinyl tear to pieces.  Would have been nice if the instructions said do not adhere the vinyl to the cutting mat, because you'll likely render it unusable. Please please Amazon take this item back."
"awesome machine ,work so great"
I love my silhouette cameo and the bundle price is an excellent deal.
Awesome machine!
Love it! Perfect starter bundle at a great price!
I absolutely LOVE it!!
This was a gift I didn't open it I am sure it's going to be wonderful like the one I purchased for myself.
Very good and fast shipping
Awesome price & a great deal
LOVE MY MACHINE!
Good Quality
Nice
Great deal. Enjoying the cameo.
Love this machine!
very very very happy. I think i twas pretty simple for someone who had no idea what they are dping. And if you have questions definetly look up on youtube like idid and they will get you going. i love this machine an was definetly a great buy.
Love my new machine!
I believe every crafty person and especially those stay at home moms who love to do things ourselves and create remarkable gifts to give this is a must-have item. I love that I'm able to make homemade cards and put decals on our wall and just create anything that I have in mind. It really does pay for itself because you're not buying expensive car is at the store you're making it at home we are not buying expensive gifts at the store you're making a one-of-a-kind gift from this machine so the money is worth it and it works really well there is a lot a budget saving tips like using your Scylla wet sticky pad over and over again by spraying some adhesive spray to it once in a while. There is also a off the bran pin holder marker holder company I'm where you can use your own markers and pans instead of buying silhouettes expensive markers and use just about any of the there is also a off the bran pin holder marker holder company I'm where you can use your own markers and pans instead of buying silhouettes expensive markers and use just about any oen or marker. I've saved up to buy this thing and I've had it a little over a year and I am so glad that we went with this choice is great also if you have a home business if you have Etsy shop or anything like that
"Amazing and awful at the same time.  Amazing because its magical.  Awful because my wallet hates that it empty now because all my extra coin is now going towards aupplies :) All the accessories and add ons (pixscan mat, sketch pens, blades, ect) are all reasonably priced.  I love this thing."
"Machine stopped working properly after the first few cuts. It won't contour cut properly, or cut anything properly, really. The machine's cutting arm wanders away from the original pattern placement as it moves down the page, ruining whatever you're attempting to cut. This started pretty soon into using it, so I'm thinking that ours was a dud/manufacturer's defect. I'm working with the manufacturer now to try and do the warranty claim, but be warned that Silhouette makes you jump through more hoops to prove the item is defective than any other hardware manufacturer I've worked with in the past. If it works, it seems like a great machine. If you get a dud, you'll be wishing you'd spent your money on a competitor."
"The software installation is not up-to-date, needs to upgrade to the latest version to be compatible with my windows 10. Be aware of the firmware update issue as the updating process may fail and defunctionalize the whole cutter."
Great little machine.  I've had it almost a year now and I use it often.  No problems at all.
"I don't know why it's taken me so long to buy one of these machines!! It's so much fun and so helpful with gifts, organizing, decor, and so much more!! I LOVE IT!"
"Absolutely love my Silhouette. It works perfectly and is very user friendly. I love being able to personalize my shirts, cup, and water bottles. I can't wait to use it to make the family all sorts of gifts."
Love it
"Love. Love, love."
This is a great starter pack for anyone that wants to work with vinyl decals.  Very user friendly!
This is a great bundle! Needed an upgrade and the price was right!
Love this machine - but be prepared to do a lot of research on how to use it. The users manual had very little instructions. My biggest issue was they did not tell you how to insert the blade. So for a week I was troubleshooting until I found a video online and realized I had the blade in wrong.
Love it and so easy to figure out how to use.
Love everything about the machine but all my sketch pens  arrived basically dead. If it wasn't for that this would be a 5 star review
"This bundle allowed me to cut graphics for my jetski and I saved a ton of money.  I probably saved more money on making my own stickers than other's do from switching to Geico, and there were no lizards involved with the cutting of said graphics.  My 650sx never looked so pimp as it did after cutting up a ton of graphics with this machine.  I also cut up some nice lettering and graphics for those yeti style cups for various family members and that one guy at work."
Good as described.
Just Great !!!
"My daughter & I love this Cameo so much, I bought a second one so she could take to college with her. Her roomies we're excited and they said it's easy to use once you understand the process."
For this price this is a pretty good machine. I mainly bought this machine because I've always enjoyed decals of anime so I wanted to just make my own without having to free hand cut everythingwhich turns out ugly. You might think $200 is pretty expensive but I've used this machine and sold about maybe $600 worth of decals so it's pretty worth it. The only tough part is getting familiar with the program and setting depth but after that it's very good. Also depends on your photoshopping skills/creativity.
I initially purchased this for cake decoration use. I am yet to use it for cake but I used it for my daughter's onesie when she was 6 months old. It was perfect and will be using it over and over again. Thanks for the fast delivery.
"I am very happy with this item. It is user friendly and has a great combination of items for a novice. I have had this for awhile now and have used it to cut cotton fabrics, vinyl, paper, and card stock and it is still going strong."
"It worked great the first few times I used it, but for some reason it just stopped cutting the vinyl out of the blue. There is no option to contact seller to see about getting a replacement cutter or find out what it stopped cutting."
Great for projects
"BEST PURCHASE EVER!!!! ... easy to use, I first purchased a Cricut was disappointed in the ease of use, I use mine daily and yes it may be a little noisey in cutting ... I'll gladly take that for the Customer Service with Silhouette."
"Works great, feels great, I am over the moon. Software is easy to use, and I was making stickers right away. I recommend watching their official YouTube videos. They helped a lot."
Love the machine and everything it came with. Great price.
I just love it! So easy to use and the results are amazing!
I had been wanting to give this a try for about 2 years before I bought this bundle. I really wish the manual went into detailed instructions as I feel completely lost luckily I happened  up a facebook group that is beyond helpful. The vinyl included is just pure evil !!!! I cut out my psn gamer tag and went to pick the extra pieces out and it stretched so bad but I managed to get it done and applied to my computer except the adhesive (if you can even call it that as it is more like slime) was missing on half of the design!  I will be ordering some higher quality vinyl as well as heat transfer vinyl then I will update more on the machine.
Awesome!
everything that you need to get started..
Love this.  The starter bundle could have included some more useful items.
BEST MACHINE EVER!!! I run and etsy shop and this machine does the job! Worth every penny!
This was a purchse for my comapny and we have already used it for so many diverse projects! Greast machine once you get familiar ith the software.
Most of the accessories that were listed with the machine were not in my package.
"Love this machine. Use it for my vinyl business. Cuts great. For more detailed cuts, I find using the cut mat makes for better outcomes. Also adjusting thickness and speed help when cuts don't come out right. But it really works well"
Such a great product! So glad I purchased it. It arrived on time and in great condition.
"Love! Just wish it came with more directions on how to use, so I didn't have to search web..."
AMAZING
Love my machine!! So easy to use and I'm having a great time discovering all of its capabilities!
"I'm enjoying my Silhouette Cameo, I bought it for cutting vinyl for t shirts and I have not been disappointed! The bundled items were great, a wonderful money saver."
The machine worked one time before I had to go buy a new blade! I contacted the company who was not very helpful at all!! I wish I went with the Cricut instead!!!
Perfect set to start me off creating beautiful things.
"I found it very difficult to use and sold the item to a third party without making any projects.  I know a few people that have the item and love it, I know that I received mine at a very good price.  Item was just not for me."
My silhouette cameo 2 stopped working today. The cord started to spark and my machine turned off. I hope they will exchange it for me.
"I bought this after I saw a video of what you can do with this machine. I actually bought it for my husband who loves buying stickers/decals. With this machine he was able to make his own stickers, made me some decals for my home business and so much more! This made cutting letters so much easier for school projects. We also use it to make decorations for my daughter's ""Frozen theme"" birthday party! Definitely a great buy! no experience necessary!"
"This is one of the coolest products I have purchased in a long time! I'll write a more thorough review later, but simply, it's awesome  get one!!"
Magnificent! A wonderful easy tool to use as well as east to operate and understand.
"I use those every single day. I love it. I cut out vinyl, fabric, and paper. The software that comes with it is awesome. You can create your own original designs or buy designs off the silhouette store. I would recommend this to any crafter!"
I was very very happy with my machine! The studio was easy to navigate and the instructions were clear! I have already made several beautiful shirts and I can not wait to make more things with my cameo! Thank you!
Excellent
This Silhouette Cameo is amazing. I love all the different crafts I have been able to make. I'm still learning new things. It can be intimidating at times but if you're patient it will be worth it.
I've had my cameo for a month and just now decided to try it out.. by far one of the best cutting machines there is just so many things you can do with it!!! My creations are endless
Amazing product!
"Love the Silhouette Cameo! Possibilities are endless. Well made and the ""package"" purchased from Amazon was the best price! So glad I made this purchase."
just right
I love this machine. I have made so many things with paper and vinyl. Very useful for crafty people
"Love love love love love!! I have a love/hate with my embroidery machine due to the effort of a single needle, and this is so much easier. And faster! So glad I got this on Amazon Prime Day!"
"Love my Silhouette Cameo.  This is my second Silhouette machine and they just keep getting better and better.  Very easy to set up and get started.  There's slight learning curve to mastering the art of cutting, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be addicted.  Highly recommend!"
Great
This thing is awesome. Everyday I find another use
Love my Silhouette! Exactly as described
"I LOVE my Silhouette. I'm not overly crafty but I do like to try! One thing I did before I ordered mine was I went ahead and watched a few tutorials for beginners on youtube and downloaded the free silhouette studio program so by the time I got my machine I felt more confident and comfortable diving in. I'm not going to lie it does take some time just like with all new things, but once you get the hang of it, its easy and lots of fun!!"
"Great price for the Silhouette during Amazon Prime Day, plus I had gift cards. Still learning the machine but excited to create new Mexican wedding designs."
"Very satisfied, i recommend this product."
Love my cameo.. Extremely happy I made this purchase
Love
"Ooof I wish I could rate the Starter Kit separately from the Cameo itself.

I LOVE my Cameo. I do consider myself technically inclined, so the setup and use of the software came easy to me. I have heard others agree. The online help on the Silhouette website is practically non-existent, but there are a lot of other great blogs with videos, tutorials, etc. so they're lucky.

The starter kit was a good thing to start off with while I was learning and didn't know much about projects that could be done with the Cameo (especially vinyl projects) but the silhouette vinyl is terrible compared to other brands like Oracal.  I'm glad that I've seen the new Cameo 3 get bundled with other brands of vinyl on Amazon.  The starter kit portion may have been a waste of money overall, and is why I only gave 4 instead of 5 stars."
"The Cameo cutter is awesome! I'm constantly finding new ways to use it and it is easy to use. I don't think the roll cutter adapter is necessary. In fact, I haven't used mine yet. The demos I say online suggested just arranging the roll in front of the machine and that has worked well for me. Maybe if I was cutting something much longer (I think the longest I've done is 24"") the roller might help keep everything aligned. But I haven't needed it yet."
"UPDATE 7/2017: It has been almost a year now since the below review was penned. I use my Cameo everyday, for hours. I thought an update was due. Again, to be clear, if you're only looking to make simple vinyl sign/car/wall decals or HTV designs, this is your machine! It's amazing. 5 stars. The possibilities of this thing are limitless. Most people cut vinyl, but what a waste. Paper, felt, clings, fabric... It is an amazing tool for simple, occasional use. The only maintenance cost is the blades, which are readily available and reasonable priced. If you are between this and the Cameo 3 (or even the Cameo 1) know that they are all great machines and are not very different. Even a used one will be a workhorse.

HOWEVER, I use it for the ""Print & Cut"" feature. Everyday. I like to design and cut my own stickers. And for this it super, super sucks. It has since the original Cameo, and for 2 reasons: 1) The camera on the carriage will only read every other page or so. 2) Even when it does ""read"" the registration marks, it still cuts a few of the shapes willy-nilly on the page, rendering the whole page garbage. So, in the end, for every 10 sheets of vinyl I print (at about $2 each), I only create 3-4 usable, salable pages. This machine costs me money. It EATS RESOURCES. It feeds off joy and vinyl.

This machine, Cameo the II, lasted less than a year before the camera died. Which is impressive, I guess, when you consider the camera on the original Cameo lasted only 3 months. Remember, I use these about 15 times a week. Probably ""heavy use"" for this lil plastic hobby machine. In a last ditch effort to make this work, I bought the Cameo 3. It does not work any better for my P&C needs. The camera registers fairly consistently, which is something this older 2 Cameo never could do, but it will NOT cut reliably! I finally gave up on P&C when I bought the Cameo 3, but that's a review for another page...

TL;DR: Cameo 1,2 & 3 are great machines for a simple mom-preneur business. Print & Cut sucks.
--------------original review----------------------

 I have been using the Cameo for about two years now. I have used Cameo 1 and now Cameo 2 (more on this in a minute). It works great for occasional vinyl cutting, like decals or HTV. Never fails. And I love this touchscreen version just as much as the original. For this purpose I'd give it 5 stars. But that's not what I use it for...

IF YOU NEED IT FOR ""PRINT AND CUT"" ONLY, THINK TWICE. It has a feature (Print & Cut) where a wee camera on the blade cartridge will read registration marks and ""know"" where to cut your pre-printed designs. I have a side business cutting custom printed vinyl decals (stickers). I use Silhouette Connect for Adobe Illustrator and a Business Edition of the software to make sure everything is just right. I print onto 8.5x11 vinyl sheets and expect this machine's Print & Cut feature to cut out the images along predetermined lines. And this is why I hate this thing. It is unreliable. I don't know if it's the camera or the software (or hey, maybe my printer!), but I'd say at LEAST 4 out of every 10 prints fails to cut. Sometimes 6 of 10! I have tried the P&C tips found on the internet and my luck has not improved. The fact is that, for whatever reason, this thing just can NOT reliably cut even 60% of the time. And when it does decide to cut it will randomly cut some shapes on the page way out of registration. I can sit for an hour working with this machine and only finish about half the decals I should be walking away with. It's costing me a lot of time and money.

When I first created my decals 7 months ago, my original Cameo refused to P&C anymore after only 3 months. It suffered a few weeks of spotty use until one day stopped reading the registration marks altogether. As if the camera died. This was after more than a year of flawless use cutting normal vinyl decals (where no camera functionality is needed). I got this NEW AND IMPROVED machine to replace the ol' girl. Out of the box, it failed to read 3 of the first 10 prints! I guess the one thing I can say is that it performs consistently. It FAILS CONSISTENTLY.

I will not be buying a third. The volume of decals I need to create is only increasing over time, so I'm forced to look for a more advanced solution, either a professional machine or a professional shop. It is clear the good people at SIL never meant for you to use P&C more than once or twice a year.

So in summary:
Home decal hobbyist? Bored mom? This is your machine!
Slightly-caffeinated Graphics Professional attempting to cut 30 pages of 8.5x11 vinyl decals a month, relying solely on the Print & Cut feature to fargin' CUT? Good luck."
Fun to use!
Love my cameo!
Tons of extras which were nice for this newbie
I love my new silhouette cameo.  It is fantastic to use with my scrapbooks.  It will cut paper and also vinyl among others.
"Okay, I did return it but it wasn't anything the machine did or didn't do. It just wasn't for me.

Everyone I know who has them rave about them. I've seen beautiful things made with the machine."
"My touchscreen on mine never worked, bought it for my small business didn't open it in time to return :("
"The sky is the limit with this machine! You can literally copy and paste any image online and recreate it! I have used mine mainly for vinyl, and that alone is reason enough to buy it! You can make shirts, signs, cups, wall decor, bumper stickers. The list goes on!

If you are on the fence about ordering one of these, do yourself a favor and buy it! I have made so many gifts with it, it has already paid for itself over and over again!"
"This machine does NOT perform. I watched HOURS of how-to's. Read everything I could. Still, this machine is garbage. It misses the cut area on the mat and cuts the mats. The blades are junk. It cuts so sloppy it isn't even worth trying any more projects. I have tried paper projects, vinyl. It does not matter. I have spent the last NINE HOURS trying to cut vinyl to label my daughters school supplies. One time the machine was pulling up the vinyl. Ok, I get that. Adjusted things, cleaned the blade, tried again. This time NOTHING CUT. It just outlined. Ok, NEW BLADE, NEW MAT (Keep in mind, I have only had this thing hooked up for 4 days.) This time, it cut part of the project and said it was done. Then, when I unloaded the mat, it just started cutting. Uh... So I turned it off, unplugged, closed the program, blah blah, then started over. This time it cut out HALF THE WORDS. Nothing wrong with the blade, my designs, or mats. Has to be the machine. Don't even get me started on the glitchy program. These days money is tight and I am disgusted that I have wasted so much on this peice of junk. I have tried to ""report"" the problems to Silhouette to no avail. THREE PROJECTS. I have only attempted THREE but have countelss hours into the glitchy program, and faulty machine. I am so mad! I am a mother of three under six. I don't have hours of free time to waste with a junk machine. I have wanted one of these for YEARS and have been stashing away money here and there to get it. My youngest's first birthday is coming and I justified the purchase by planning to make the decor myself with this machine. Guess her party decor is going to be a wash, too. Of course, it is ineligible for return."
"OMG, I had been eyeing this product up for months when I came across this amazon prime day deal! I originally bought a cricut explore air. Since purchasing this cameo, my cricut has been collecting dust!

Pros:
- cut speed, pressure, and depth can be adjusted to accommodate the most intricate of designs
- the design software is downloaded onto your computer, making it available at all times, no internet required unlike with design space!
- bigger cuts! you can cut longer images without using a mat!
- customization options are endless!

Cons:
- Can't emboss, but I guess that's what I'll use my cricut for!"
"This machine is like my second child. I've used it for every holiday and occasion. I've made holiday gifts, teachers gifts etc. I've made everything for party decor to apparel and coffee mugs. I would buy a million times again! I even nicknamed it Sil."
I am not putting 5* because of the complexity of the machine - and all the trials - but if you learn how to tame it you can get great results.
"The Silhouette Cameo itself is fantastic. Allowed me to add a new element to my business and I love it. My particular model has had some small issues and i'm working with Silhouette to get it fixed. If I was rating their customer service, id give it 2 stars. They basically were like ""dunno"" about what is wrong, but are sending a replacement part to see if that will help. They informed me they are switching warehouses so they have no idea when it will be sent or when I will receive it. That was over a month ago and I am yet to see the part.

The machine is great though. I love everything it can do. So many options and great tutorials online!"
"After reading all the comments and doing lots of research I was so excited to purchase this machine. I have a craft shop where I make wedding favor boxes, invitations etc. I did my first set of 25 pram boxes for a baby shower and they were perfect and cute.  I couldn't wait to start my next project which were 50 favor boxes. I did them 10 per day because I did not want to overwork my precious cameo. On the second day it started tapping rather than cutting, it made lines and no cut and the area where the blade is started vibrating. I have only had it for a month and it is really disappointing. I adjusted my settings, my blade and followed all the instructions but it is still not cutting. Now I am sitting doing all my work by hand after spending US270.00 to purchase this machine. I would like information on how I can return it it because I am not going to spend all this money on a machine that is a one time use."
The vinyl they sent is not good quality at all.. But I live them Silhouette!
Love the new Cameo! I had the older version and the power cord stopped working due to a power surge. I love the touch screen and all the extras it came with. Much quieter than the first one.
Absolute on point
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my Silhouette!  Bought it initially to cut fabric designs but having joined ""Silhouette School"" there is SO much more I want to do...just need the time!"
I'm really having  the best time with it. Thanks
Absolutely love my silhouette! Having so much fun crafting!
"Loving my Silhouette Cameo!  Just a beginner, so I am learning all the features and enjoying making my first few products.  There is a wide variety of tutorials online and bloggers who are helping me along the way. I have never used another brand of cutting machine, but I researched extensively and decided to go with this one!  So far it is easy to use!"
awesome!
"Awesome product. Very easy to use. So far I have only dropped .jpgs into the software and run the trace feature, so I don't have any experience with Pixcan.

Very easy to trace .jpgs and set cut lines. I use Oracal 651 permanent vinyl with the blade setting on 2 or 3 and it cuts like a charm. I am quite impressed with the cutter's ability to cut small, intricate details.

Would recommend."
"I did a lot of comparison research between the Silhouette and the Cricut and decided on the Silhouette Cameo because it offered the most flexibility!  It was important to me to be able to use my machine irregardless of whether I had an internet connection or not.  The Cameo cuts beautifully.  I wanted a machine that would allow me to cut out smaller fabric lettering  and I wasn't disappointed (make sure you use fabric backing~I used Pellon).  The Cameo was easy to use and there are plenty of tutorials and videos online to answer any operational questions you may have. The starter bundle had everything I needed to ""jump right in"" and get going.  The only other thing I would recommend purchasing is the scrapper and spatula.  Amazon has a Silhouette Tools package that has these items plus a few other goodies.
In short, I Love, love my Cameo!!! Believe me, you can't go wrong with this product~ I know I wasn't!&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Silhouette-Cameo-Starter-Bundle/dp/B00NAX7H78/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Silhouette Cameo -- Starter Bundle</a>"
My machine has given me constant issues since I got it. GO WITH THE CRICUT! Works so much better than Silhouette.
"Fun, fun, fun."
"This machine is awesome! The ONLY complaint that I have is the noise. It is a little noisy but other than that I am in love with it. There are so many different projects you can make, it is unreal."
My favorite!
My wife's favorite gift ever!
"I love how easy this is to get great results, I am a graphic designer and use it to put my designs on things! I'll as some photos later."
I sent this to my aunt for a gift..and she loves it
love it
Perfect machine. Such enjoyment to use. Found a great deal on Amazon also.
amazing
"I had a Sizzix eclips for years & loved it. It broke in the middle of a large project & I was essentially screwed. I borrowed my mother in laws silhouette & it worked great. After learning my Sizzix was fried & I could not get it fixed I started shopping. When it came to the price I couldn't justify the cost of a new Sizzix, knowing how well the Silhouette worked for me. Very user friendly & compared to similar machines you can't beat the price. Only thing I dislike about it is the grid view, it clutters things up but if I take it off then I lose track of my sizing. The Sizzix layout was better for that but that's not worth the price difference"
Purchased this one as a second machine got it for a great price during the lightning deal. Awesome upgrade from the 1st Cameo
I love this.
excellent product - excellent dealer
This is NOT my first purchase of a Cameo ... my third.  Wonderful cutting device and cutting files.  Encourage all to check it out!  How an you go wrong with the free program???
Good bundle if you don't need to include a material bundle. The starter bundle with the extra blade and mat will give anyone plenty of cutting time and projects.
The silhouette cameo cutting machine works very well for my custom stencils & saves me a lot of time. The program that it comes with is pretty intuitive and easy to use. Very satisfied with my purchase.
Great machine!
"The hardware works ok, even if its a bit tricky to get the cutting mat to load straight and the touch screen needs a good deal of pressure to press on-screen buttons.

The big problem with this and other Silhouette machines is the included software. Several basic features are considered ""premium"" requiring up to $50 to unlock, the software crashes (it crashed 3 times the first 4 hours I used it), and when restarting the application you sometimes have to unplug and then plug the USB cable back in for it to be found. The lack of SVG importing was a major annoyance.

I found that Inkscape supports saving to DXF format which the Silhouette Studio software could import without the ""deluxe"" upgrade, but I ended up just uninstalling their studio software and use Inkscape with a plugin to control the unit instead. It costs nothing, has many more features, and hasn't crashed once on me."
"Best purchase other than my embroidery machine! I am in love! SO MANY POSSIBILITIES!!! Love, love, LOVE!!!!!"
Love love love! Came with extra stuff because I bought the bundle. I was happy with everything. It was easy to learn and I make stiff almost daily. Definitely saved me money in the long run by being able to make my own vinyl items.
"Took me a while to get used to and find the right settings, etc.  The instructions aren't super helpful for troubleshooting, but an internet search did the job.  Now that I've figured out how to use it, it's fun!"
Excelent
Probably my favorite purchase ever! I LOVE my silhouette cameo!
"I am so pleased as a first time die cut owner that I went with the SC.  I ordered the Cricut and tried it one time.  Quickly was disappointed and boxed it up and returned it.  I have had the SC for three months now and have had a really good learning experience with it.  Its easy to use design software and readily available hints (mostly found on you tube) are great.  I love the images and fonts, love the ability to download images I find online. The best feature for me, is being able to use the machine even when I don't have wifi!! I don't always have great wifi service and this was huge for me.  I can purchase a monthly subscription to Silhouette and save on images if I want.  They have MULTIPLE options for that as low as $4.99 a month up to $44  I can purchase all the accessories I need from Amazon.  The design store download card, the blades in bulk and cutting mats, I but the circuit mats to save money and they work just fine. I would recommend this die cut machine to anyone that is a novice or just looking for an easy to use, fun, machine.  I look forward to learning to use this for vinyl cutting, glass etching, and rhinestone use.
Awesome! Fun toy for my craft room"
"Great Bundle and great price! I make so many things with this machine! Shirts, Cups, signs and decals! LOVE THIS!"
Only used it a few times so far but it is working as expected. Super easy.
"Great product. Made a few things and sold mine because I didn't have the time for it, but everything arrived as it should and was packaged nicely."
Absolutely love this product!
"Absolutely LOVE my silhouette, the things you can do woth it are endless. Theres no getting bored with it because literally anything you can dream up, you can design and create! I really prefer this one to a cricit because you can trace things off google, or even your own drawing/handwriting. This bundle is a great bundle to you you started. I'd reccomend not using the silhouette brand vinyls though they're not the best quality. Check around and order some online. And when you get your new mat, make sure you blot it with some fuzzy fabric so you can desicky it a little otherwise you'll most likely rip your vinyl/cardstock."
I absolutely Love it!!!
It's already paid for itself. :)
"This machine is such a disappointment. Silhouette's software update issues have rendered my machine utterly useless. After updating the software, it freezes up during the initializing phase when I try to open the program. I can no longer use my machine. I have spoken with customer service on several occasions. They are aware of the issue (which is not unique to my machine) and have no solution."
"well, I have clicked on 'add to cart' several times, and it has FAIL to add to the card and I have 3 hrs and 36 minutes left to purchase the starter bundle.  I know it's a popular item, but good grief.  This is totally unacceptable - now I lost out on this 'deal' because of your incompetence ...  Thank you soooo much

Now it's attempting to 'add to the cart' - for the past 3 hrs.  PrimeDay is a BIG JOKE"
"Extremely versatile product.  I love all of the different things I can do with this machine, from printing to cutting.  The imagination you can have when creating things with this limitless cutter is endless."
arrived very quickly and I love it!
"Great machine, very versatile and fun. Slight learning curve."
i LOVE  this machine. i highly recommend it.
"I recently purchase this product and am so glad I did! I read all the reviews and kept coming back to the link every few days and then finally decided to bite the bullet and purchase it. I'm an event planner and knew I would use this product all the time- I just had to take the time to learn it. I spent an evening watching videos online and taught myself everything I needed to know to get going and make my first sign. I have a ton of friends getting married right now and have started making gifts or items for their showers I'm hosting. I attached my first sign I made for a friends wine themed bridal shower. The instructions were a little unclear, which is why I turned to YouTube. Silhouette actually has a YouTube video that was much more helpful. It took me a few times to learn how to load the paper perfectly but once I got it it's easy. There's a ton of options for purchase in the studio, you can find anything you need there. I would highly recommend this products to anyone looking to get into crafting."
This machine is amazing. I'm having so much fun trying it out. So far I've cut vinyl for motocross jerseys. More projects are planned. Price was better on Amazon than anywhere.
Love it
IT WAS A BIRTHDAY GIFT TO MY DAUGHTER. SHE WAS SO EXCITED OVER THE GIFT. SHE HAS ALREADY MADE SEVERAL THINGS AND CONTINUES TO LEARN WHAT IT CAN DO. WE HAVE BEEN VERY PLEASED WITH THE SILHOUETTE.
LOVE LOVE LOVE it. Don't know why i wanted so long. Great bundle set and shipped fast. Opened the box and was cutting within 10 minutes perfectly.
At the begging was perfect. It do what it suppose to do. Very Easy to set and use but after several updates done in the software and the firmware recommended my Silhoutte I must say that is not performing. There are several bug in the software that do not let the machine to perform well. Unfortunately Silhoutte remove the online chat support and now everything is on the phone and they suck. On the chat you can send your files and pics so they can perform a test but now on the phone is like talking to a wall. To bad.
works great is doing everything we need it todo.
The software is really easy to figure out and there are several videos to help you learn. It was an amazing gift and I have been really busy making everything more organized and personalized. This machine is the best!
"I bought this to replace the cricut  that I used to own, that was broken. It is awesome! It's a lot of software to figure out but there are a ton of tutorials online to help. I'm in a card swap group and it was awesome how easy it was to find a file online that would work for what I needed without being stuck on only using a specific cartridge. I tried the pixscan mat and had some problems with that however I'm sure it's more user error. I will need some more practice with that. Overall, I'm thrilled with my purchase and would recommend it to a friend"
"Silhouette Cameo has so many possibilities it's hard to list them all! Not only can I cut paper, but also vinyl to creat a unique project. I originally bout the Cameo to help with creating things for my classroom, but found I use it equally as much for things around the house or gifts. Worth every penny!"
"I bought one of these for my mother for Mothers Day and after seeing her's, I decided to buy myself one too! I love this and would recommend it to anyone!"
Haven't seen my wife in weeks. 5/5 stars.
Bought Silhouette based upon recommendation from a friend.  Played with it a little.  Results meet my expectations.  Quick free shipping too!
Most awesome cutting tool
"Love this product.  I bought this for my wife for her birthday and she's made lots of cool stuff.  T-shirts, Vinyl decals for my YETI Rambler and a big decal for my business.  Takes a little while to learn how to use but the end product is great!"
great deal
"This thing has been awesome. I got it as a second-year teacher, and have been able to decorate and customize my things with ease. My name is lettered beautifully on my laptop with a vinyl sticker. My board has a custom vinyl calendar, and I've been able to make bulletin board decorations and signs no problem.

Then, I started using it for home projects, making awesome custom cards for birthdays/holidays, gift tags, etc. Why buy a $5 card when you can spend $30 and several hours meticulously planning out the most elaborate card?? It's fun.

Now, I'm looking forward to creating a scrapbook and using this even more. Be warned, it's an addiction."
Love it!
"I use it for dying disc golf discs and this machine is amazing! Just get it, you'll be happy."
LOVE this machine!  Only complaint is the cutting mats do not last very long.
It broke 1 month out of warranty with very light use.  The feeder no longer feeds... I'm disappointed but there isn't much I can do.  I may have to tear it apart and see if I can fix it.
Love the product. It's very productive and easy to use
"Been having a lot of fun with this thing and I've only had it 2 days!  First vinyl cutter I've ever owned.  Had to look up a few youtube tutorials to get going, but now I'm just constantly trying to decide what I want to make next!  Friends are already asking for me to make them stuff.  See my photo of decal I made for my buddy's Surface computer.  Very happy with the purchase :)"
Love it! Thank you for the great price!
I bought this machine in Dec 2015. I have had just over 6 months and the touch screen has already konked out. It is just plain white. I have tried to get in touch with Silhouette and haven't received any kind of response from them. I live in Okinawa so trying to call them during their hours has proven to be difficult. I am so disappointed with this machine and the customer service.
awesome
Great craft product!  Amazon had the best pricing
Awesome set
"This is the first scathing review I've ever written on a product. Let me start by saying I purchased my first Silhouette Cameo Starter Bundle from Amazon. After three years I ended up giving it to someone who really needed it. Unfortunately, I was in a hurry so purchased my new Silhouette Cameo from Hobby Lobby. Amazon would have replaced my new Cameo instantly! I have never been so frustrated. My first one worked perfectly. Since I use it for business I like to make my own designs, then print them and cut them out. It worked perfectly. I am not a newbie. I know what my computer hardware and operating system is and that it is current. I know that I have the newest version of Silhouette Cameo software. I have checked my USB ports to make sure they aren't the problem. I have put a new black cartridge in my printer. I have checked the USB cable assuming that would be the problem. No matter what I do, the Silhouette will not pull in the mat if I have used the Registration Marks feature. It can cut out regular shapes with no problem but if I print first and then try to cut it will not work. And support has gone from support that I loved three years ago to non-existent. I have a long thread of emails to the company. I have waited three hours, 2 different days, for a support call that I was supposed to get. Each time I get an email from them saying they've tried to call and they can't reach me. I also sent them my cell phone number. Apparently they can't reach me on that either. Meanwhile, my phones work fine for anyone else trying to call. So this a.m. I called them and got the, ""If you would like us to call you when you are next in line, please press pound"" message.  No call for two hours so I called them again and have been sitting waiting for 1/2 hour. Again, let me reiterate, I am not a newbie. I know how to operate the machine. It doesn't work! Be careful if you purchase from Silhouette."
The vinyl that came with it I found difficult to cut. Even double cutting. It isn't worth it! I had experienced silhouettes try to help me and they came out with the same. Waste of money waste of vinyl!
Hours and hours of joy (and profit) have come from this purchase. My wife has become quite the Cameo expert.
Love using my silhouette machine.  It is so much fun and I can do a wide variety of projects.
Life changing.  Use this at least once a week id not more.  Easy to use.
"This is my second Silhouette Cameo. I have the original and love the upgrades with this one! The touch screen is very nice and reactive. The machine is moderately quiet while cutting and very user friendly. I enjoyed the extras that came with this package including the pick me up tool. It makes grabbing small objects so much easier. I am also very pleased with the white interior of this model compared to the older one. It looks sleeker and the brighter guidelines are easier to use. If you are considering purchasing the Silhouette Cameo, I would definitely recommend it. I am very pleased with both the machine and the software available. I currently operate with the business/designer software which allows me to make my own designs and run multiple machines. But there are other softwares available for even the most basic of needs! Check out what Silhouette has to offer. This machine will make your life so much easier!"
As Discribed and fast shipping
"I was so excited to get my silhouette and start my many projects....I have made soooo many things with this machine! The possibilities are endless! Love, love, love it!!"
I love my cameo
"This machine is amazing! It does take a while to figure out - I use it for fondant/gum paste/sugar sheets for cakes. I also purchased an adapted blade from Linda McClure. It takes more time than I would like to get the settings and materials just right, but I am hoping this will improve with time and practice."
"Possibly the worst experience I have ever had. Go with another vendor who caters to the customer. I spent 2.5 hours with.a tech with no resolution. The device would not even read a thumb drive. There was no follow up even after I sent a reply back to the agent.  Don't waster your time, money nor energy like I did.  I plan to send the machine back even if they won't replace it. There is no need in it wasting space in my home."
This machine is worth every penny. The projects you can make with the Silhouette Cameo are endless. I had no trouble setting up the program on my computer. The software itself is easy to use. You won't regret purchasing one.
"Probably the best thing i've bought all year. I love crafting but this just opened up my world to whole new heights. I use Wilton sugar sheets and the regular blade to cut them on the standard cardstock setting and its made making cake decor so much easier and better. I even use it for regular crafting like cards, signs, and cupcake toppers. I love this thing."
love it
"Works great I have started making stickers and T shirts lots of great ""how-to"" videos online"
I Love my machine
Love my silhouette! This baby can do so many cool things! I have only used ot to cut vinyl. Cant wait to explore more!
"Arrived in a quick amount of time and had all of the products mentioned!!
Instructions were thorough on how to use the product and I have successfully completed two vinyl projects using this. Once I got the hang of it, it was very easy and created perfect cuts!!"
Arrived right on time & came exactly as described!
"I bought a silhouette cameo back in 2012 and it wasn't all that great. It made me very frustrated and half the time it never cut anything correctly. I recalibrated over and over and over and try to figure out things to troubleshoot it but it would just never do good. I gave it away to my sister and she actually sold it to someone else because she thought it was worthless as well. When I saw there was a updated release on the Silhouette Cameo, I was very excited. I thought to myself that it had to be better! I bought the new release and as soon as I received it in the mail, I hooked it up to the computer but only to find out that the Silhouette Cameo was still the same POS with just a touch screen now. I packed it back up and filed for a return that same day. If anyone wants a real cutter, I recommend the Cricut. It's obviously the winner and I can't believe I didn't try it first."
"Great product! Comes with excellent instructions to set it up, but you need to watch YouTube videos to learn how to use it! No instructions included for that."
Love it and I'm so glad I have my own now!
Wonderful price for an awesome machine. SO excited
Love the silhouette cameo!! Great price Amazon!! You had everyone beat!!
Love it
I was expecting a mat and blade with my Silhouette Cameo but it was used and wasn't in the box. I didn't see that in the description. Otherwise good.
"I love, love, love this machine!!"
"Bought the Cameo for my wife. She is starting an online custom printing store. We love it so far. At first I was worried because I attempted to print really fine detailed artwork and weeding proved harder than expected. After some playing around with settings and different type of vinyls, I am beginning to like it a lot more."
Perfect
Fantastic device!
I am absolutely in love with my new silhouette cameo! I'm kicking myself for not purchasing it sooner! I also have a cricut expression and this silhouette absolutely trumps my other cricut machine! I have made so many awesome things with the silhouette and cannot wait to use it almost everyday!
everything came in as expected
"I purchased the Cameo Starter Bundle for my wife, as a Mothers' Day gift. She was interested in the Portrait, but the larger Cameo is the way to go. After downloading the software, my wife was able to design and create her first project in less than an hour. This machine is a lot of fun for creating nice custom greeting cards, drawing, and it makes excellent vinyl stickers with amazing detail."
"After almost a year of owning, it has completely taken a crap. The screen was first to start acting weird. Now, once you turn it on, it says ""working"" but it's not doing anything. You can hit Pause, then resume. that's it! Before this it scribbled lines through everything it was cutting. It's been a problem since day one. This is my SECOND machine in one year. sad."
"Great machine, glad I found this awesome deal!"
I bought this to do all my projects and I absolutely love this thing! I find myself labeling everything and making things for family members. Thank you for such an amazing project.
I have been wanting to purchase a Cameo for so long and was so excited when it went on Deal of the Day! I was going to have a friend show me how to work it but decided to see if I could manage on my own first. I was so surprised at how simple it was to figure out and before long I made my first project. I cut out a pretty detailed piece of vinyl and applied to a 12x12 board. The machine cut it out beautifully and I had no issues whatsoever. I can't wait to learn how to do heat transfer and all of the other ways to use my cameo.
Love my cameo! The best decision I've made was buying this! I work non stop on it. Works great and I haven't had any problems with it.
i use it to cut vinyl for clothing and also transfer paper. love this thing
Didn't work out of the box and I keep getting the run around on receiving a replacement weeks later
"Completely essential to anyone who enjoys crafting. It is so versatile and can do so much.

This is the second Silhouette Cameo I have purchased. Originally I had the older model. What makes the cameo so much better than the Cricket (it's competitor) is that there is so much more you can do with designing to cut and draw than the Cricket. With the Cricket, your designs are limited to the cartridges you have. If you want a different font to cut letters you have to buy a separate cartridge for each font. Each cartridge can easily cost you $90 a cartridge. With the Cameo, any True Type Font already installed in your computer can be traced and cut. Additionally, with the designer program, you can take any black and white image and translate it into a cut out, instead of having to buy separate cartridges with them. This makes it great for personalizing anything.

They do have the option to purchase designs rather than creating them yourself. There are thousands of stock images, plus a free image every week.

Economically, this cutter is a better deal than any of the other cutters out there. I would recommend it to anyone interested."
"I would say this is my first experience EVER with any kind of cutter machine. I really do love it! I ordered this bundle, one of my blade caps was broken so I was unable to use, customer service was awesome and took care of it right away. I have only made a few Vinyl
Signs and a few paper cut outs. You do have to purchase the designs in the store. Also the designers edition you have to pay 50$ to upgrade, so keep that I mind. I did get a great price on this machine and bundle. I'm still learning, and watching videos."
I bought the Vinyl Kit and multiple items were missing from the set...
"I absolutely love this machine!  I have only done a couple of projects, and have a lot more to learn, but it's been amazing so far.  I have cut denim, cardstock, and regular weight paper.  It takes some getting used to, and I definitely experiment on a plain sheet of paper before I use the intended material.  I can't wait to learn more about it and use all of it's amazing functions!"
This device is absolutely an awesome piece of equipment if you do not have any idea what you're doing it's pretty hard to get going the software is absolutely not made for beginners but it works well the device itself is unbelievably creative and well-designed. I learned how to use this from YouTube which is really the only way you're going to figure out how to operate the software more than just making boxes circles and text out of it. But the device itself is very well made it's got a nice touch screen comes with two blades to cutting mats and some pins which allow you to draw I guess what you're getting ready to cut. I just don't understand why this would not come with decal paper or label paper if you want to call it that.
"Love my new Cameo.  The band that drives the laser head is a bit louder and looser than the original Cameo I had, but other than that it's pretty much the same."
"I bought the Silhouette to fulfill my decal obsession.  Once I got the hang of it, I love it! The machine works great, and the software included is easy to use.  Would recommend."
I love my silhouette. I just need to use it more
Love it! Haven't had any problemS!
"This machine has been very fun to use. I actually bought the plugin software so I can cut out my own illustrator designs. I have made so many cool projects with it.  It can been challenging to figure out what papers work and how long the blades last, etc but there are great online forums from users that provide ideas and advice."
So far this is amazing and worth every penny!
"I like this machine. You can do some amazing things with it but the design software is so infuriating that it is a painful process. Some complex tasks are quite easy, but other basic functions like cutting & pasting part of a traced image are insanely difficult (hint ""Release Compound Path"" - yes, really). I am a software engineer and I have never been so annoyed at anything. Ever."
"Great bundle ! It came with two mats, the sketch pens, two blades and a pick up tool. It has a LCD screen and was very easy to set up and use. I have a friend who has one and was telling me to buy and extra blade and mat and i told her mine came with it. She was floored! so glad i went with this bundle and finally got my Silhouette to start crafting. I have already made some letters out of vinyl and helped my daughter with a poster for school ! its fun and addicting. If you are thinking about buying one do and and get this bundle !"
"I bought this to make vinyl stickers with, and it does exactly what I need plus more. The speed, precision of cutting, and product outcome is well worth the price of the machine."
"Had a Cricut first, liked it well enough.  Then purchased this Silhouette Cameo, wow, wow, wow...I am sold on this material cutter.  I don't use the Cricut anymore."
"This is absolute garbage.  It hasn't worked since the first software upgrade. We got one cut, and it hasn't worked since."
Fast Shipping Great product!
"It lied about the 12w as it only cuts about 11.75 we messed up a few designs that way. despite that little set back when cutting regular vinyl even at a slow pace the very fine and thin lines tend not to come away clean. The ratcheting blade are very expensive, we have bought a cb09 but have not put it to use yet. The original blade has lasted so far but have only cut 15 or so things only three have been really detailed and required a lot of cutting."
"Great deal, love all of the extras included with the Silhouette!"
"I've been wanting a Silhouette for years and I had high expectations for this. First thing was I wasted too much paper trying to cut one of their intricate designs. Even after I did all the required adjustments the cut still wasn't clean. Like everyone says the mat was also really sticky. I used a t-shirt to take some of the tack away, but it still was pretty sticky. That made for lifting the design off the mat a total pain. Pieces of the design started to rip and I was gentle and used every ounce of patience I had to slowly remove it too! That mat also got dirty quickly from the little pieces left behind. I used the scrapper tool to get most of it off. Coming from someone who uses Photoshop I feel the program design interface isn't that great. Too many steps to go through. It should be more simple for something like this. I'll be using it mostly for banner making and personalized gifts. Maybe I'll change my mind about this machine after a few more uses. So far it hasn't impressed me and isn't worth the sticker price. I'm glad I didn't pay full price."
"Just learning this machine, but so far, so good.  I think once I get the hang of it, I will wonder how I ever lived without it!"
My wife uses this cutter and loves it. She likes it more than the commercial vinyl cutter that she has used in the past.
Still learning to use this Silhouette Cameo and it amazing.
I wish I didn't purchase this useless machine. The sticky mat ruins all the paper.
"Love my Cameo Silhouette, so many options"
Bought as a gift.
"Not happy!! I received my bundle kit missing 3 items!! It  didn't come with the blade, cutting matt or the free 1 month trial membership to the online store as promised!! :( A's far as the machine itself, I can't rate it because I can't use it without a blade!! :( the photo shows what you actually get in the bundle, and as you can see, it's not what they stated under product details!!!"
I LOVE MY SILHOUETTE!!!!! The possibilities are endless and I've had so much fun learning how to use it
I love my machine!! I would not trade this machine for any other. I love the fact that you don't have to have any Internet unless your on the silhouette store. The software to me seems like it has no limits. If you can think of it you can create it. I've made plenty of shirts for me and my son. I've also made ALOT of stickers. Ive never used a cricut and don't plan on it since I've gotten this machine. If your debating on getting one wait no longer. Jump on this wagon now you won't regret it!
My mother in law has used this religiously for over a year now. She says it works like a charm every time she fires it up. Great product that really works well out of the box and is easy to understand.
A+++++
A great machine with a lot of improvements over the old modeler smaller model.
Got this super cheap on Black Friday! It's the best!!!!
"I love my cameo! There's so many different things you can do with it. I used it to make all of my Christmas presents last year and continue to use it frequently making tshirts, tumblers, etc. LOVE IT."
"I was on the fence about the Cameo, but I am SO glad I got it.
This is a great little machine. I have done so many cool things on it and constantly finding new things to make and do. Well worth the money spent.
This starter pack is a great deal also as it includes some sketch pens, which are fun to play with, tools and extra blades.
If you've ever used other brands, you will LOVE the Silhouette. The program itself is a bit difficult to navigate at first, but with a little effort isn't bad.
I love that you have the whole Silhouette library at your fingertips and can purchase designs at an affordable cost, or you can cut your own designs."
so far so good! with youtube tutorials its simple to use :)
My wife and I love our Cameo and have used it so much already. It works perfectly and we've had zero issues. We prefer the oracle vinyl the most as it cuts well and sticks great. There are tons of great videos on youtube to show you how to use your silhouette the best. I've already made enough money from selling to friends and family some of the items i've cut on our silhouette to pay for itself.
good
This product has been awesome! I actually use this to make custom t-shirts with vinyl! I can create my design and the cutter will cut it out for me and then I can use my heat press to put the graphic on the t-shirt!
Great once you know how to work it!
Not happy with print and Cut feature. The optical scanner could not read the registration marks. Returned the Silhouette Cameo and had a replacement shipped out. Same results. I had to return this Silhouette Cameo as well. In my opinion if you want to use the print and cut feature choose another machine. I recommend the Sizzix Eclipse and the Pazzel Vue.  The print and cut feature works fantastic.
I bought this machine and missing so far
Not really what I was expecting. Not really happy with it.
I absolutely LOOOOVE my Silhouette Cameo! It's everything I've always dreamed of!!! I feel it's really going to take my business to another level. AND now my husband wants one LOL !
"I LOVE the actual product.  I am so happy with it.  However I spent over $200 on this and when I opened my 2nd mat, I found it was already used!  It has been used and was dirty and the blue backing was sloppily reattached.  I am SO disappointed in Silhouette and Amazon for selling me this used product."
"I had the smaller one ""portrait"" made by the same company for more than a year and I decided to upgrade to this one because I now need the extra cutting area. So far I love the upgrade."
Did not work
"This is my favorite product I have bought this year!!!! Take the plunge and buy it.  I say this because I tooted around for MONTHS debating whether I wanted this or the cricut.....now I don't own the cricut but I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE the cameo! I used the previous version of the cameo to test it out and fell in love, if you are looking to save a few bucks buy the older version because they work literally almost exactly the same (you don't need the touch screen).  I bought mine as a bundle and I haven't used the rhinestone picker upper thing yet or the metallic pens but I have used both mats (which are essential).  Some people say you can cut without the mats....mine screws up with I try that....so I ALWAYS use a mat.  I have even taped them together to jimmy rig a 24in mat when I needed.

Buy this on amazon because it is cheaper than you can find in any of the stores (well at least cheaper than I could find).  I also think you should get more than 1 (I currently only have one and definitely need another, not because they break or go dull or anything but because you will inevitably have someone who wants to help weed).  I have heard people use dental tools also for the same purpose of this hook, but I had just invested so much in my cameo I figured I'd spend the whole $5 and get the Silhouette hook, I may in the future venture to other products but I really think if you are just starting this is an ESSENTIAL tool! I love the $25 credit to the store because the pop up and cut away cards are awesome....words of advice....the store OFTEN has sales like 50% off so wait for that :) And there are always file that are ""free with purchase"" make sure you add those to your cart.
Ok so far with my cameo what have I done.....ok really what have I not done? Just playing I'm very new but here is what I have figured out how to do on my own in less than 2 weeks:
cards (the library makes them so easy!!!)
any shape I want when I hand made valentines cards with doilies etc
vinyl stickets
HTV (I'm pretty much in LOVE with HTV)
I have literally made atleast 12 shirt switch HTV next I need to try the freezer paper method (bc you can cut that with the cameo too and it's cheap).
I made a painting stencil out of vinyl that I put on canvas
confetti
labels

Honestly the possibilities are endless (I know that sounds cliche but in this case it is beyond true!!)

If you found this review helpful please indicate so by clicking the helpful button. And as always if you have any questions ask me and I will do my best to answer them!"
Love love love! I use it almost every weekend to make gifts or home decorations. So versatile!
"I absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo, and it is perhaps one of the best purchases I have ever made for crafting. It can be used for so many things, so far I have used to to make decorations for a party, help decorate the book fair at my daughters school, completed two school presentations, make items to decorate my home, make homemade cards and so much more. Its really so easy to use and I love that the store has more images than I could have ever imagined. One of the best things is that it uses all the fonts that are already downloaded on the computer so I haven't even had to buy any fonts! Plus they give you free images all the time. I chose this machine over the cricut because I didn't want to have to spend $20 or more for a cartridge when I only wanted one or two images. This machine allows you to purchase just the one image you need and more images are less than a dollar! The software that you use with the machine is really easy to figure out with no experience and any questions I had I could easily find online."
This is the new must have for craftors.  Limitless possibilities.
Great
"I love this machine!  I hesitated to purchase it since I owned an older model of a different brand that I barely used, but after seeing various projects my friends have made using the Cameo I decided to give it a shot.  So glad that I did!
The design software is amazing and simple to use.  I love the fact that I can access the store and purchase cut files pretty inexpensively.  No more trips to the craft store to purchase cartridges!  And I absolutely love that you have complete control over the size of the image and not 1/4 inch increments.  Not only is it super easy to design in the software, but the machine cuts like a dream.
I have been watching many tutorials and I can't believe how many things you can make with this machine!  I have already made vinyl wall decals, heat transfer vinyl tee shirts, screen print tee shirts, glass etching and custom wood signs.  I have had so much fun being creative and look forward to many more craft nights!"
Best crafting cut tool I've ever purchased.
"I LOVE this machine! I have been able to make so many cute shirts, mugs, and cards. I can't wait until I have more time to see what else I can create with this bad boy!!

It was very easy to learn to use, although I already knew a little about designing, because I used to make decals professionally. But there are a ton of useful and very helpful youtube tutorials that will walk you through step by step.

I will add a few pictures of some things I've done with the silhouette. Unfortunately I never take pictures so I don't have a lot. I made the two shirts, the valentines cards, the banners and lettering on the hot air balloon.

The silhouette store has tons of adorable fonts and designs, but you can also copy just about any image you find on google or pinterest.

Quick note-
I rely greatly on customer reviews when I am looking to purchase an item, and I know others do too, so I try to be as thorough and honest in giving it as possible. I put a lot of thought into my review and appreciate feedback, so if you have found my review helpful, please take a moment to click on ""yes to let me know. Thanks so much for reading and feel free to ask me any questions! :)"
I am so in love with t his machine! It cuts out great vinyls and I can not wait to try other media on it! Highly recommend BUY IT!
"This is a great first vinyl cutter.

I had the thing unpacked and doing my first vinyl job in under 30 minutes.

The software is straight forward and easy to use and it makes cuts like a pro.

I use these to make vinyl stickers for our metal band and it does the job perfectly."
"Boxed probably, reached on time & high quality

Thanks to seller"
Love it!
Love it!! Its the best thing since sliced bread...LOL
I love my cameo!! Makes my paper craft love to clean cut!
Excellent machine that is easy to use right out of the box. There are plenty of tutorials online to help get you started.
Iv have really enjoyed getting to know my cameo. Fun projects ahead. I did have a few technical issues getting started. However they were quickly and and easily resolved. Many more fun projects ahead.
"I actually ended up returning this product. The quality just doesn't compare to the Cricut Explore (or any other version). The parts seemed like cheap plastic and I felt like it would fall apart if I moved it wrong. I know may folks love their cameos, but I'll take my Explore any day of the week!"
The perfect starter kit. I love this machine!
Great buy! Saved almost $80
Absolutely love this machine! I will admit that the initial learning process was a bit complicated for me but there are so many websites available that Give step by step directions for anything you could possibly thing of wanting to do! It is so worth the money! Now days everyone monograms EVERYTHING and it saves lots of money in the long run! Possibilities are literally endless!
The Silhouette Cameo is a dream to work with.  The software that comes with it is fairly intuitive and makes it easy to turn your own pictures into designs that this machine can cut.
"So I bit the bullet and order this starter pack. I am so happy I did! I love that it comes with 2 mats, and many other things. The mats are way too sticky at first so I use a pillow case to destick them a little. Also one of my blades broke pretty quick. The machine it self was pretty easy to start up but be prepared to spend hours and hours learning the  software. I bought this machine in November and just now getting comfortable using it. I love making personalized gifts and this for sure helps. I have made shirts, cups, headbands, pictures, and many other things. Love this machine and bundle!"
The possibilities are ENDLESS when it comes to this thing. I am obsessed.
"Extremely happy with this cutter. I also have a cricut and this is leaps and bounds better. The software is easy to work with, and the design space image subscription is a great value. Once you buy an item it is yours unlike others you pay and own nothing. Nice file selection. My one complaint is that you cannot import svg files unless you get the designer! Svg is a cutting file and should be supported by the free version."
One of the best purchases we have made recently. Has come in handy with my boyfriends lacrosse stringing/dying business.  Love that you can make your own designs. Truly one of a kind!
Looovvveee
Great product of my Silhouette machine.
"I found it strange that 99% of users of this machine are women. Us guys also love to make decals for our cars, boats, laptops etc. :)  That's however is not the reason I gave Cameo just 2 stars.
For starters I'm very experienced at making things, I design and build my own electronic devices (LED clocks, remote sensors, displays, etc.), made a 3D printer and own a CO2 laser cutter. Since laser cutter can't do vinyl (too toxic) I decided to get a cutter and Silhouette Cameo seems to be the most popular desktop model out there so I ordered one. One of the main reasons was that I wanted to panel lettering for my clocks as I got tired of paint filling laser etched letters :)
When I opened the box, I was immediately disappointed by physical construction of this cutter. It was made like a cheap $40 inkjet printer with mostly plastic parts. It looks extremely fragile to me and I had doubts that it will work at all.
However to my surprise it worked.  I had no issues with cutting part. What was not working good is loading part.  Loading mechanism is horrible. Because vinyl comes in rolls it's usually curled at the edge. This edge would constantly get caught and jams. When it does load it sometimes goes in crooked because there are no real guides!  And rollers are just plastic, they should have rubber on them for better grip... This machine is meant to be used with included mat, but that's no good if you use vinyl...
Another small issue was advancing material manually. Pressing arrow buttons on the touch screen frequently did not register and there was weird lag between pressing button and rollers engaging vinyl. Once I pressed button 5 times and about 20 seconds later it started to move continuously like button was stuck... Oh and you have to press down arrow for material to move towards back of machine, makes no sense to me...
Now about software. Cutter comes with Silhouette Studio, which is not a bad piece of software.  It has large capabilities, but very poorly organized, not very intuitive.  I could live with that, but unfortunately it crashed very frequently (running Windows 10).  And if you use Illustrator CS6 do not use plugin! It would crash my Illustrator every time after export.  There's really no need for plugin because you can just export file to DXF and then import to Studio. That part also worked well.
Cameo comes with a small cross cutter tool. There's absolutely no instructions on how to use it, but I think you just use cover a guide as you manually slice off your material. That's just weird, I wish it has something like that build in...
Now about paid content. Being an IT guy and dealing with hardware and software I was very confused about ""cartridges"" or ""packages"" or whatever they call them that you can buy and ""load"" to cutter.  That's just a marketing terms for purchasing vector stock images.  Plain and simple, you don't have to spend a dime if you design your own graphics. If you do need to use clipart ""library"" images you can then buy them not only at Silhouette site but at any photo stock sites.
And finally main reason behind 2 stars is unit's price. It's very very overpriced for what it is.  I paid almost 300 for it (price dropped significantly over few weeks). For $100 it could be a solid 4 start cutter for beginners. But with all the jamming and construction issues it's not worth it's current price.
You can get a real full size plotter type vinyl cutter for less money, and that's what I'm going to do."
"LOVE my Silhouette!!  If you've been in the market for a machine like this, look no further!!!!  It is AMAZING!!!!  Even my husband and daughters (6 and 4) LOVE it!!!"
Love it!
"Purchased this machine and the cameo is a wonderful invention
I am only giving it one star and this is why
I am not happy that during my first uses of machine it destroyed so much vinyl due to a defective blade which being a newbie didn't realize and cost my a lot in vinyl (not cutting letters all the way through or cutting straight through htv on blade level one while of course using all Silhouette brand materials) and Then one of my brand new cutting mats sticky front is literally peeling at the top side corner from the mat itself after using the mat and blade for less than a week
 Very frustrating and disappointing and can't locate a contact number or email to speak with the company who sold the product to me so maybe we could fix the problem before giving an awful review
Disgruntled and disappointed lost money on both the vinyl and the order that I was trying to fulfill"
Very easy to use out of the box.  Has revolutionized my crafting experience.
"I had been wanting one of these for years, I got this and am so happy with my purchase. Im glad I got the bundle. I wouldn't have thought to get all of the extra items it came with. It was fun to experiment with the products before making a huge investment."
Love this machine. So easy to use and very verasital. I can create so many awesome things!
I love my Silhouette. Great price. I like the way you can design your own imagines. Would highly recommend it.
I started out with a cricut and it was always confusing to me...the silhouette cameo is so much easier to figure out and understand! Makes crafting and Tshirt making (my personal fave) a breeze!
You won't regret this buy!  Loving it!!!
"im in love with machine, i wish a new cameo is made where i can cut A2 papers"
"Got this for my GF to do arts and crafts and it works amazing. the kit is nice and having the software and all is great. I recommend watching tons of youtube to learn how to use it as for it has tons of things. If you follow instructions, install everything correctly and operate it correctly, you will be satisfied with it."
love it
"Such a great machine! I've been addicted since the day it arrived. And watching unlimited tutorials on YouTube. The touch screen is user friendly and can be personalized with different colors. Love that this bundle came with 2 mats and 2 blades. I wore out my first mat in 2 months. If you're debating on this machine, I say take the risk and go for it. You won't regret it!"
"I am a beginner to die-cut machines, but I can 100% advise to skip the Silhouette Cameo.  My hubs ordered me one of these for Valentine's Day, needless to say I can not remember why I originally wanted this over the Cricut.  I had trouble with it since I hooked it up.  The first cut was awful and it was on basic plain card-stock, so I set it on a deeper cut, which worked, but almost cut through the mat (on level 5).  I kept giving this machine chance-after-chance, and it consistently disappointed.  Print-and-cut, would not print-and-cut.  The machine could not find the registration marks shown on the print, and when it did find them it was still way off the image when it cut.  I calibrating and everything, it still would not work.  It also kept malfunctioning on me.  It wouldn't ""pause"" when I hit pause, and one time the motor ran a cross the length of the machine and jammed into its sidewall as if it were trying to run away from the machine itself.

In my humble opinion save yourself the headache and try the Cricut FIRST.  GO TO THE STORE literally pick up both boxes and set them down, you will see that the Cricut is heavier.  It simply has better parts and hardware.  Now, I just got the Cricut and so far I have no issues with it, but I have only done two projects.  That is more than I can say for the Silhouette, as I could not complete one project.  I will update this once I fiddle with the Cricut a bit more.  The only reason I I give this 1 star and not 0 (if I could) is because the Customer support seemed good via chat (it took forever by phone).  Also, it is worth mentioning, the Cricut software seems a lot easier to use.  So unless you want a headache AND have Adobe Illustrator background (which I do), do not go for this machine.  (The photo attached shows how it does not cut intricate designs well, it cuts thru them). ****DO NOT buy these machines from a Michaels or Joann's, only buy from a source that will accept returns on opened products, that will refund due to poor performance.****"
"Everything I needed, no problems at all even with it being in the warehouse sale!"
"Is all i imagine and more, works fine, fast and so far everything has come out perfect."
"got this for my wife for Christmas and she LOVES it, she said it is very easy to use. she mostly does adhesive vinyl for home craft projects. She made a Tardis for my laptop with it and everyone always ask where I got it."
It was missing the cutting blade and the USB cord i would like to recive what i orderd and payed for
I love to use my new Cameo. I've made so many projects as soon as I got it. Is working great and included good instructions for starting to use. I liked that it came with two mats and blades.
good product and good price i recommend this seller
Wonderful product! I have nothin negative at all to say about this machine! It does everything and more! It is a wonderful addition to my home business !
"Gave this to my wife for Christmas and so far it has cost me a lot more money than the original cost, lol. She uses it none stop and does an incredible job. She makes really nice looking stuff with it."
"I bought this to cut vinyl and make some signage, and use it on various other projects.  I've owned expensive high-end cutters before when I owned a sign shop, but now that this is a hobby I didn't want to spend a lot of money.  You can get a larger no-name cutter on Ebay for $300+ but I've been down that road and you just end up with a $300+ piece of junk that cuts jagged lines or crashes when you try to cut a large file.

I'm very impressed with this little cutter.  I've cut lettering as small as a 1/2"" and weeded it without a problem.  The software is very easy to use.  Importing JPG files and cleaning them up to cut can take a bit of time, but once you understand the settings you'll fly through the process each time.

I got the roll feeder bundle because experience has taught me that if your vinyl roll isn't aligned with the cutter or your roll is too tight and the machine has to pull to get material, you're going to ruin whatever you're cutting when it pulls the material out of alignment.  The roll feeder is helpful in keeping the roll in line and also allows you to unroll your material to give it some slack.

I wish the rollers had more lock settings on them so you could make better adjustments for the size of the vinyl you're using.  Sometimes there's not a lot of room for error on a 12"" piece of vinyl in terms of alignment.  If you veer too off track on one side it's going to lose it's grip.

I know this machine can do other things and I'm sure I'll explore the other features at some point, but for now I'm very pleased with it's ability to cut vinyl."
"Outstanding!!!! It is the most awesome machine in my house!!!!  It will actually cut letters (fonts) smaller than 1/4 inch.  Set up is quick and easy.  The program that comes with it, Silhouette Design Studio is so easy to use and does the most amazing things. The only issue I've had so far, and I've already used it A LOT, is that some fonts are not actually programmed with the ability to be bold or italicized.  That is not an issue of the Silhouette though (unless they can find some way to 're-program' fonts within the Design Studio).  But there are hundreds of websites where you can find fonts.  I use my Silhouette to cut stencils for glass  and mirror etching.  I've been doing this kind of craft for over 30 years and have always had to hand-cut my stencils no matter how big or small.  This Silhouette machine is a Godsend!!"
By far my best xmas gift I love them many different things you can do on it
AWSOME price on this machine!!
Best cutter ever!!!
"Love my cameo. Shipping was quick. Only reason I'm not rating 5 stars is my power supply cord shorts out, I actually had to duct tape it. I've been awaiting a response about replacing it. Definitely annoying when it stops and shuts off mid cut and ruins vinyl."
"great little machine, i had to buy a second one."
Simply Great!
cant wait to play with it more!
Just what I needed works wonderful
"I'm in love with this machine! Never knew it could make my crafting projects so much fun and creative! Great bundle buy, worth every cent!"
As expected!
Love my machine
The best investment I have made in a while! I love this machine! So much can be made with this and used in many different projects.
"I bought the Cameo a little over a year ago. My problem is not with the Cameo itself, but with the software. Seems every time they come out with an upgrade it gets worse. I can NOT get the software to even start. I've uninstalled it and gone on Silhouette's website and downloaded the software again and still it won't work. Guess that is $265 bucks down the drain. What good is the machine if the software doesn't even start let alone work. From reading what the ladies say on FB they won't upgrade until the bugs are worked out. Sad."
Awesome bundle!! I recommend familiarizing yourself with the software prior to use....there are tons of really great youtube videos out there! This machine is louder than I thought it would be...not a bad problem. I did have a problem with it not cutting a design that was clearly inside the cutting area. I have only used this for glitter HTV but can't wait to use it to cut appliques for my embroidery machine!
The machine is great...no problems at all but the vinyl included in the Starter Kit does not cut or peel well.  The backing on the vinyl stayed adhered to the cutting mat in places which was a huge problem!
My wife loves her Cameo machine. I ended up buying another for my daughter & she loves her also.
it is a well organized set for the beginner
I love it
"Love this machine. We've done all sorts of crafts. Centerpieces for parties look great. There is a bit of a learning curve but the trick is to find a craft you want to do and search the net on how to do it. With enough of this, you'll be able to do anything. Don't buy cheap paper."
Excellent. highly recommended.
LOVE this machine so much!! The starter bundle is perfect for beginners. Highly recommend.
Thanks
So far loving my Silhouette Cameo!! Still learning but highly recommend!!
"Very handy. I bought it as a black friday deal. Only problem is speed (its a little slow) and sometimes the paper will tear, but for the price and the ability to cut from nearly any image you can save to svg file, it's awesome."
"Silhoutte Cameo has been very useful for us in creating custom designs out of cardstock.

Easy to use/learn software that is surprisingly powerful and versatile as you become more of an expert with it."
"Surprised wife with this cameo, she loves it
I have used it also, it's fun to make items and design stickers and school projects for the kids.
We purchased the 25 dollar design program.
This device does so many things.
We really suggest buying the designing program
This machine is worth buying."
I LOVE my Silhouette Cameo. I got this for myself for an early Christmas present and use it quite often. The ideas they give you are with the software included are wonderful. Ease of use is apparent. All you need is your imagination and vinyl to start cutting. Enjoy!
Love this machine!! It's so cool and fun to work with!
:)
"So soooooo disappointed in this. There are NO directions, the CD that's supposed to be instructional is like a music video of nothing and the vinyl is garbage, it tears off the backing in the machine and sticks in it... See picture. This is unusable. Also not intended for using on fabric, you have to buy other stuff if you're trying to make T shirts or anything"
I love my Silhouette!! I received mine as a Christmas Gift from my husband. I love that the machine came as a starter kit with a few supplies. I have already started making a few signs to go around my house. The software was super easy to install and the instructions were great! I am very excited to continue using this product and in the future purchasing more vinyl for my machine.
Best purchase ever!!!
There was no Manuel to go with it so it's very difficult to learn how to use
"The Cameo is good BUT, I am glad that it came with 2 blades as one of them just would not work, it failed to cut several times.
The package is a good deal, the system works very well and is more versatile than the other systems.
Disappointed that only one of the blades worked, otherwise it would have been a higher rating."
A good tool
Great machine and very easy to use! I love this machine! I needed a machine that would cut what I drew and it does a great job.
"I love this machine!! It was easy to use right out of the box. I owned five other die cut machines (another brand) and hardly ever used. There was always problems. I have created more projects in the short time I have owned my Silhouette Cameo than with all of the other machines put together.
I also received so many other things with this bundle. It was a great start for me. I do like to buy from Amazon but the bonus was that it was also the best price!"
Perfect for all my vinyl needs
I love it!
OMG I love it.  I do so many things on it.  I do so many things on it.  I had the portrait at first and will not give that up. but let me tell you if you want to really get your crafty side going then you need a cameo
Having a great time with my new toy
"I am someone with a Graphic Design background and the fact that I did not know this machine existed until six months ago is truly shocking. I stumbled upon the Silhouette Cameo when researching how to make stickers for my Erin Condren planner. After some research I knew I just had to have this and my boyfriend purchased the starter kit for me off Amazon for Christmas.

I am BEYOND THRILLED with this machine and how many things it can do. So far I have used it to make scrapbook paper cut outs and signs for a celebration of life, to make favor boxes, to make a holder for my sketch pens and so much more.

That being said, DO YOUR RESEARCH before you pick which starter bundle to buy. In my excitement about this machine I just randomly picked a starter bundle and sent the link to my boyfriend. Hindsight 20/20, I wish I had really taken my time to comb through the dozens of starter bundles to pick the one that really had the items that I wanted with it.

The things I have used the most so far:
-Metallic Sketch Pens (These are amazing)
-The small spatula tool (You will absolutely need this, without a doubt)
-The extra cutting mat (I actually wish for larger projects that I had more than 2 so I could multi task better)
-Extra blades (You will need them, I promise)

I received the vinyl starter kit with my bundle but honestly I am so overwhelmed with just learning how to use the machine that vinyl is not even on my radar right now. I think I could have waited to purchase that later. I also have the marker holders, the sticker paper, and some stuff for making cards, all of which has not been touched yet.

Another tip for those designers out there, I bought this machine with the intention to immediately purchase Adobe Illustrator Connect because of my design background. I am so happy that I held off purchasing it and saved my $40. There are so many designs in the design store that are just $.99, my time is worth something and taking the time to design things myself that already exist seems kind of pointless. I suggest waiting on the connect software until you really dig into the Silhouette Studio software and all it can do. I was expecting that after using Adobe products for half my life that I would laugh at whatever ""studio"" Silhouette has to offer and I haven't, it is actually pretty impressive.

Overall this machine is the greatest gift I have ever received. I have already talked two of my designer friends into buying a Silhouette Cameo as well!"
"Excellent item, my wife loves it."
I bought this for my wife for our anniversary and she absolutely loves it. Whatever makes her happy makes me happy.
I was so excited to get this however I am unable to use it at this time because the box appears to have been opened before I got it and the 2 cutting Mats were crammed into the box causing them to bend and be unusable.  I would like replacement mats if possible so I can keep and use the machine for Valentines gifts.
"It worked for about 5 weeks and then the motor starting having issues. When I ""unload media"" it makes a horrible sound. When the roller is moving backwards during cutting, it skips places. I loved it for the three week I had it. VERY EXPENSE piece of equipment to break after such limited use."
replaced my Silhouette SD with the Silhouette Cameo as I wanted to make items larger than the SD's 9 inch limit.  Love it!!!
"I absolutely love my new Cameo!  It is so easy to use!  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a cutting machine.  It is so versatile.  You can make nearly any design any size you want - you can add and subtract aspects of the design...It makes cutting embellishments, borders or whatever for scrapbooking a breeze.  With 2 kids getting married this year I anticipate using it for a lot of invites, decorations...."
I am very pleased with my purchase.
Love it!
Defective and wasted my money
Great product.
Great starter bundle!! Arrived really quickly too
Very happy with the Cameo. I had been using the Cricut but had to purchase and expensive program and cartridges to do just what the Cameo does on it's own. Very happy!
Great product
"I bought this to play around with and make gifts for friends and family. So far I love it and it works great! I've only used it to cut vinyl and make monogrammed glasses and decorative items. The (free) software that came with the bundle is very easy to use. There are dozens of videos on Youtube to learn how to do anything you want. I will definitely get a lot of use from this little machine, a great price for a fun hobby!"
"Love the machine! It does take time to learn the machine and I am not going to lie, it gives me a headache sometimes. Youtube videos are helping! Overall I love it."
"I'm having SO MUCH FUN with this machine!  Every day, I learn more and more about what I can do.  The options are limitless!"
Love everything about it
Love my cameo! I started using it just to cut fabric for appliqu&eacute;s but have recently started working with vinyl. Super fun and addicting. A must have for all crafters
My new love
Love this product!  Have to admit it sat in the box for a couple months til I got on youtube and learned how to use it!  Highly recommend!
I bought this one to replace an older Cameo. Love it just as much as I did my older one!
I received my Silhouette just in time to make some wonderful Christmas gifts and decorations. I am brand new to this type of machine and found that it was extremely easy to use. There are so many resources online to help you out. This product really has taken my crafting abilities to a whole new level. I was torn between the Silhouette and another commonly known device and I am so happy I went with the Silhouette.
Perfect! It was nice to have the Vinyl on hand with the Cameo. I was able to make so many great gifts for my family during the holidays
Wife loves it. Very happy with it
"My best friend has this machine, and she finally convinced me to make the plunge.  I'm so glad she did!  I have a small crafting business, and I was a little skeptical if this would be something I could use.  Within the week of taking this out of the box, I had used it for cutting fabric, making holiday cards, making stencils for painting, making stencils for use with Etching Cream, and cutting out more vinyl than I care to admit!  It was well worth the price (and subsequent vinyl shopping spree) as this can create just about anything!"
"Product arrived when it was supposed to, everything was included that was supposed to be, and it works as advertised."
"I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!! I have been able to do some much with this machine. Cut vinyl for mugs, flasks, shirts ring dishes, etc. I was able to.make stencils to paint wood signs. The designing software is very easy and user friendly. I have had a fantastic time with this machine for fun project to and gifts. It.makes life so much easier than trying to use scissors."
"I am IN LOVE with this product! The Starter Bundle is fantastic! Everything you need to get going, just add vinyl!! The Cameo is really easy to use and design with. I love the fact that I don't need to purchase cartridges like you do with 'another' brand. And the design store has SO many options! it's a fabulous product. Did I mention I'm addicted! :-)"
Bought as a gift. Recipient really is enjoying it. Said there is a bit of a learning curve though. That's why only 4 stars.
Everything I was hoping for. On time delivery service as well.
Great gift for the crafter in your life
While I'm still learning how to use my Cameo I love it so far.  I like being able to scan something in then cut it the way it is or adjust it to meet my needs.  It certainly gives one a great deal of freedom.
"Machine did not come with instructions which would have been helpful. Blades are going to be a continuous added cost that was unexpected, along with the expense of vinyl sheets. I would seriously consider the long-term costs before purchasing. Otherwise, great product which makes fabulous designs etc."
"Great little machine.  Lets you make your own patterns and cuts everything out very professionally.  The learning curve is not very steep, and it is overall easy to use."
Works great!! Came right on rime!!
Have wanted one for a while. Great price on Black Friday.  With Prime free shipping it was even better.
Great starter kit. Love this machine!
Amazing
"I haven't had a chance to really spread my creative wings with it, but I've had fun with the projects I have managed to do. The machine works well, simple program to figure out."
"The Cameo is a wonderful tool for our T-shirt business. It is noisy, though. I wish it didn't waste so much white space on the perimeter of a sheet when using registration marks (anything less than the 6.25 default causes the machine not to recognize the marks, and registration has to be set manually. Even then, it may not work efficiently.) Still, much better than having to cut intricate designs and/or lettering by hand!"
Works perfectly! LOVE it!!
"Absolutely LOVE my machine. The bundle is priced very well and lower than anywhere else. The vinyl starter kits includes everything you need to start vinyl crafting. I expected the last generation machine because of the price that is what is pictured, but I received the newest machine available. It was easy to assemble the blade and load the software on my computer. Great product at a great price."
"Was gift for my daughter, she loves it!!!"
"Still trying to get the hang of it, but the options are great"
Perfect and quick delivery!!! Thank you!
Great price and fast shippin
"Love, love, love my new cameo. Printed and cut out a template for pinewood derby and a 3-D flower directly after setup. Had it out of the box and running within 30 minutes. Seller shipped it fast and had a great deal on the starter kit bundle. Going to work on iron on transfers next"
"Love my Cameo, the bundle was great and really fast shipping"
"I purchased this package with my birthday money!  I love my Silhouette, although I am just learning.  I was able to cut a pretty vinyl cut out for my wall and as well have cut t-shirt transfer and made birthday t-shirts for 2 of my children.  I cut all the tags for Christmas gifts this year as well.  I have been a Cricut Expression owner for years, but really love the freedom from cartridges!  Although I will probably still hang on to my Cricut."
This is my favorite machine. You can literally do so many things with it from cutting vinyl to cutting fondant for cakes. Its seriously a magic machine. Its easy to set up and use and you also get a free trial to the silhouette shop.
"I have been wanting one of these for a while but was intimidated at the thought that it could be too techy for me to use. I'm not technology inclined! However, after receiving it and watching a few videos on the internet, I've been able to make quite a few cute projects! I can't wait to start the endless possibilities. I can't stop myself from doing some project with it at least once a day.  So happy that I made this purchase!"
"I have never in my life been more frustrated with a purchase. The design software is great and so easy to learn but this stupid machine takes 30 try's to read the registration marks and actually cut the design created. I've read the manual, blogs and watched dozens of you tube videos and I'm doing everything correct and the machine has to be turned on and off as well loaded and unloaded dozens of times in order to catch the registration marks. I'm at my wits end with this and am considering a return"
"Man I love this thing. I am so excited about the future projects this thing will help me create!! I've already done a few projects, and although I have made a couple mistakes, the program made it easy to figure out! VERY satisfied. And the pens are fun too!!"
Love love love. Easy to use. Great reliable cutter.
nice!
I log this machine!
"Great for all my craft projects, it's better than a cricut....a must for all craft projects"
"I can't say enough good things about this cutting machine. I am a freelance graphic designer and a big, expensive machine is not in my budget right now (nor do I have the room for one). I specifically chose this brand because I wanted to be able to cut out my own designs (not be limited to cartridges) and it went on sale so I couldn't say no. I do all my work in Illustrator and can easily bring it into the program and cut whatever I want. This has held up quite nicely (it gets quite a workout) perfectly cutting everything I throw at it. Its abilities are comparable to some heavy duty, professional cutting machines I've used in the past. I am glad I bought this machine. Best addition to my home office since my Mac."
So excited to start making the vinyl projects I've been seeing all over Pinterest. Hopefully I'll be a pro by next Christmas!
"For many years, I've heard people talk about how great Cricut machines are, and I'd started wanting one (or something similar) over the past few months. The only thing that gave me pause was knowing that (the average) Cricut machine/s required dies to cut designs, adding even more cost to what seemed like a bit of a luxury to this Elementary Art Teacher.

I decided to check out alternate options, and came across the SIlhouette Cameo 2. With further research, I realized that the Silhouette Cameo seemed like exactly what I've been looking for. Knowing that I can design and cut just about ANYTHING with this machine - without the need to shell out extra money for dies - using my computer and the accompanying program was what really sold me. I've used mine to cut glitter HTV (heat transfer vinyl) for t-shirt designing, cardstock to make tracers for my Kindergarten and First graders, as well as cut construction paper to use in art projects (although the construction paper left enough fibers behind to relegate the mat I used it on to ""construction paper only"" status). It's cut everything beautifully, and amazes me with its versatility every single time I've used it.

I've also stocked up on accessories, and have a good extra four blades (the black shafted ones can be used to cut fabric, along with everything else the machine advertises. Silhouette's own product information on the blue-shafted ""Fabric"" blade indicates that the different color on it is only to separate it from other blades so one isn't confused with the other, but to use one specific blade strictly to cut fabric so as not to dull it on paper - it doesn't matter if it's one marked as a ""Fabric"" blade or not, as the blade is the same in both cases). I've ordered four of the 12"" x 24"" mats (including one that I ruined by trying to remove those construction paper fibers using Gorilla Glue tape - which removed the fibers... along with the mat's adhesive. Don't do that. :-/ ). The 12"" x 24"" mats are worth picking up if you find them somewhere for less than the average thirty bucks.

Overall, between finding free SVG files online to use with my machine, buying the Deluxe version of the software (upgrades can be found for about twenty six bucks here on Amazon and on Etsy), and the overall versatility of the machine itself, I cannot WAIT to see all the awesome things I can do with this machine! IT IS AWESOME, and is worth EVERY penny I've spent on it!

This is the best investment I've made when it comes to crafting tools, and the time it's saving me in prepping supplies for lessons is priceless!"
"I had heard wonderful things about this machine so I thought I would give it a try.  As I type this, I have been on hold with their support hotline for 1 hour and 45 minutes.  I literally took my daughter to her gymnastics class and came back (leaving the phone on speaker) and am still on hold.  Which is why I have time to write this review.  I have watched tutorials and videos, read the guide that came with the machine over the last hour and 45 minutes and have not figured out why it won't cut.  It would seem reasonable that after spending over $200 on a craft item that it would come with customer support.  I do not think anyone is ever going to answer the phone.  But I am curious - so I am going to continue to stay on hold until the call gets cut off, or I talk to someone about sending this hunk of junk back."
My wife loves it!
"This machine is my most favorite investment of the year! It will cut so many different items and once I learned how to use it, there is no stopping what I can make with it! It's amazing!!!"
"I absolutely love this machine. It's actually not my first. I have an older version, but this was a deal I just couldn't pass up, and I love the updates. This version has a cutter on it that you can slide across the vinyl, so you don't need a scissors. It also has an ""innie"" blade adjuster rather than an adjuster that pokes out of the machine like the older version. This allows you to place 15 inch sheets in the machine without cutting them down (it still only cuts 12"")  I like the new touch screen. It's very receptive to touch. The pens are a nice accessory. I have absolutely no complaints."
Love it.
"First off let me say that my item arrived quick and in good condition.  However, I am extreamly dis-appointed with the software for
Silhouette Studio that came with the machine.  I was excited to get started when my item arrived today but the excitement
quickly faded when after 5 hours spent of trying to get the Silhouette Studio software loaded onto my Windows 7 computer
failed miserably.  Evidently, there is a problem with the software crashing with windows 7 and 10 and I only wish I had
researched this prior to the purchase.  After what seemed like eternity of loading and un-loading software trying different
tips that Silhouette tech support suggests ""studio"" will not work on my Windows 7 computer.  Luckily I found ""Make the Cut""
software and am happy to say at 9:00 pm I finally made my first cut BUT had to spend another $58 for the software to do so.

IMHO, if you are considering this purchase....PLEASE go to the Silhouette website and pre-download the Studio software
and make sure it will run on your computer so you don't have the problems like I did."
"I absolutely love my Silhouette Cameo!!!  It is such an amazing machine!  Every day it seems I figure out something else it can do!  The touch screen works wonderfully.  Very responsive to touch.  I love the new blade storage on the side.  Also the cutter on the back works great!  I think it was very smart they put a ratchet turner on the front for adjusting your blade if you lose your tool.  I love the silhouette design studio!  I love that it is a program on your computer so it doesn't get slower if a lot of people use it like an Internet based design studio does.  I love the trace and cut feature.  Really, I am learning more every day.  I love watching youtube videos to help learn!  This machine is AWESOME! !"
"Finally, something new for me to fiddle around with and learn! The best part is this set comes with EVERYTHING I needed to jump right in and start having fun. So happy I finally broke down and bought it."
"Although this didn't come with any instructions and the website didn't provide much help I still like this machine. I have used it on several projects and it works very good most of the time. The only problem I have had was with the PixScan mat and little instructions. I have sent the company an email and they responded the next day regarding some of the stencils and cutting materials but it would be good if they had a support chat where they could answer more questions or have more product videos. I have a friend who has one of the previous versions and he has been very helpful in showing me some tips on how to use it. It does come with several things to get you started and that was very helpful. As I learn how to use it more and more, it does have some very cool features for tracing, cutting and even some basic drawing. I'm an IT person and this was hard to get used to and figure out so if you're not very technical then maybe look at getting a different machine such as a Cricut or something or get someone that can help you. Overall I do like the machine a lot and I plan to use it a lot more."
"I would highly recommend, if you are considering a Silhouette Cameo, just take the plunge and get it!
The possibilities of what you can do with this machine are endless. I've had this for about a year and I am still finding new things I didn't know I could do with it!
If you are deciding between this and a Cricut, I would get this is a heartbeat."
"Okay, after 6 months I am ready to review. This product is one of the best things I have ever bought. You would think Apple made it. I bought it to make stencils for wall murals. I use .007 Grafix 12x12 plastic , also from Amazon, and it works great. The free software is fantastic. I use Photoshop to clean up a picture, resize to 600 and then drag and drop onto the Silhouette, resize, trace around outer edge and then send to be cut. I get about 150 stencils per blade. I replace the blade maybe too often but they are not expensive. The most difficult part is removing the stencil from the mat. You must take an old t shirt and rub it on a new mat to get some of the adhesive off. Still a mat will last about 250 stencils. Also Silhouette makes a little paddle tool that is perfect to help you remove small parts of your stencils."
I use this amazing machine at least weekly...usually more often than that.  I have had it for three years and have many countless projects!  The design software is easy to learn and operate.  I watched several youtube tutorials and have yet to meet a project this machine cant handle.  Love it!
Useful machine ..for teachers and scrapbookers
"Love my cameo!!! I haven't used it much due to a lack of time, but no problems so far."
good value
"I started out with a silhouette portrait and loved it, but this cameo is everything. Having two blades and two mats is so convenient, especially if you do a lot of crafting. Like all things it does have some flaws. I work with vinyl mostly with my cameo, which isn't too cheap. I find that about 1 in every 50 cuts didn't cut completely through. Which isn't too big of a deal. Although, I haven't been too successful with the sketch pens, they are good for small projects with only a few uses (per pen) but if you are doing a large project or multiple copies involving sketch pens, I would suggest sending your silhouette design to your printer instead. I tried using sketch pens to make my graduation invites and the pen I was using died after about 10 full invites which was fine since they're small but I had many invites I had to ditch because the pen simply didn't write in some areas. The machine in general with just cutting is fabulous for everything."
Love my Cameo Silhouette! Works great very versatile.
love this
"I love this machine you can do so much with it.  It allowed me to save some money over christmas by using the machine to make presents.  Ive made my daughters several shirts.  Its easy to use.  can do engraving, tshirts, cups etc
I like that you don't have to buy cartridges and can download things from the store and they are reasonable priced.
I really like that you can create your own designs.
Im attaching a picture of something i made using the machine :)"
"I haven't had a chance to use my silhouette very much, but overall, I like the cameo and the vinyl bundle."
LOVE this machine!! Would buy it again in a heartbeat.  I use it at my store.... If they were cheaper id have another one at my house!!
"Got this for wife for Christmas. She loves it! So wife happy, I am happy."
The bundle was perfect I didn't end up using it as much as I should have but the times I did it worked perfectly.
Awesome. Love it!
Wife loves it
Perfect Christmas gift. Let the crafting begin!!!!
"This was an upgrade from the Silhouette SD, it works great! I haven't had any issues with the paper slipping on the mat. The new mats are also much better, the paper can be easily removed. (There were problems with the paper tearing on the old mats)
Overall, a great improvement and a solid machine after 1 week of use. (I'll update the review if that changes)"
"LOVE this! So so so excited we got this for Christmas. I have only made a few things on it, but its intimidating at first. My advice...watch a ton of YouTube videos! :) I decided to get some vinyl, extra cutting mat, pixscan mat and some other tools separately when I ordered this."
VERY USER FRIENDLY! WORKS WITH MAC!
"Bought this as a Christmas gift, so far, so good. It's great that you can also buy accessories as future gifts too."
it is a good product but it took 3 months to receive!
Product came in very quick and just as described. Very easy to use and lots of accessories available for this machine.
having problems with the program--will have to contact company as file is corrupted.
"I purchased this for my wife and she really likes the product. Unfortunately she has used it for 1 1/2 weeks and either the power unit or the Cameo is defective. I have contacted the manufacturer and they are sending a new power unit to see if that resolves the problem, if not then I will give Silhouette the chance to replace the unit.
I will update my review if they correct the issue.

Update 1/4/2016. Received the new power unit for the Silhouette on Saturday,1/2/2016 approximately 1 1/2 weeks after contacting the company. The machine is now up and working and my wife couldn't be happier.
Thank you Silhouette America for your response"
"I bought the Cameo after a week of struggling with the competitor. I must say this is a lot better for my needs. I found the interface much more accommodating. So it is noisier and the blade settings have to be changed by hand. Oh well. At least I know where my files are. I am a professional designer and want to work in Adobe software and then cut or draw. I ordered the Silhouette Studio Designer Edition upgrade and also the Silhouette Connect plug in. These tweaks are simply not available in the other brand.
I've only had the Cameo since yesterday afternoon, but so far I am pretty pleased with it."
Everything my wife wanted
"Great product, I would buy it again."
I have grown to love. I am learning new techniques each time I use it. It will take me some time to master. The videos are very helpful on Youtube. I recommend watching them. Don't give up on your machine. It is worth the money and lots of fun. I have even made my own designs.
"I absolutely love my new Silhouette Cameo. It has much more option variety than I expected it would. I love how it is light weight and soooo easy to use. Truly a great purchase! I did have problems with shipping but that was due to FedEx, not amazon. In fact amazon really went above and beyond to try to make things right and get me my belongings back (unlike FedEx, who delivered my stuff to the wrong address even with a correct address on the box, and acted like they didn't even care). I really appreciated not having to sit on hold forever just to talk to someone. Thank you Amazon!! Love my cutter and the service you gave me!!"
"Cuts great, not Mac compatible though"
"i have no clue what I am doing but managed to print a ""Merry Christmas "" on vinyl & put on a mirror above my fire place for the holidays.
I also cut out some really cute labels for homemade jam.
This was a great price on Black Friday so I bought myself a gift even though I had no clue how to use.
If I was able to figure out how to use just watching a couple of you tube videos then anyone can learn to use."
Love this!!!
"This is one of those units that I wish I would have purchased a long time ago, I have found so many uses for this machine it is a lot of fun. The software works perfectly with Windows 10, and I find it easy to import new designs. I love the variety of materials this machine will work with, from fabric to paper to vinyl. I was surprised that even the more intricate deigns are completed in a reasonable  amount of time. I would happily recommend this machine to others and love its versatility."
"I LOVE my Silhouette Cameo!  Love, love, love it.  I honestly don't know how I managed any kind of event planning or crafting without it.  It's a terrific tool for any do-it-yourselfer and pretty easy and affordable to use."
Love this machine! You can do so many different things. Great quality.
The best purchase I have made on amazon so far. Really recommend this machine to people who like to craft!
Love this machine!!
Good product.  Very difficult to learn to use.
This thing is so easy to set up.  Sticker come out great and it can cut in extreme detail.  I love it.
works great!
Love this machine! Definitely would recommend to anyone interested. Software is easy and reliable.
I can't even review how this machine works because mine came with a faulty blade that rips apart the vinyl instead of cutting it.  I contacted Silhouette America customer service about it and they were extremely rude and wouldn't do anything for me.  If you spend $250+ on a product it should work without having to spend extra money on replacement parts because you received defective ones and the company won't do anything to help!
Great! Love it.
"Simply Love my new Cameo!!!!! I just purchased it after a lot of thought. Amazing, cuts everything I need. Saves me a lot of time and finally all the shapes will be same size. Fell in love with this product!!!!"
Loooove this! My kids birthday are coming up and It'll make crafting so much more easier. I love diys.
Added to my daughters gift. loves it
"When it was shipped to me, I was disappointed. I don't know how it was packed, but both mats were unusable. They were folded cleanly in half in the box so even inserting them through the cameo loading wheel was frustrating. It wouldn't load, so I had to go out and purchase another mat. Also, one of the loading pins on the wheel was too tight when inserting the mat through. I had to manually lift one side of the bar in order for the mat to slide through. Had thought to ask for a replacement, but it wasn't worth it to lug the box out to the nearest usp pickup store, which was a few miles away and I don't drive.
Haven't practiced with it much, but I can finally make stickers out of it. The software in the beginning was confusing since it wouldn't load properly. I suggest going to their website to download the latest software. It loaded fine after that. Just toss the disk that came with it. They should just discontinue including them as part of the package. It's wasteful when it's already available online for free. It wasn't hard to figure out the tools in the Silhouette software since I'm familiar with a lot of art programs. Just watch some youtube tutorials and you're good to go. I bought the bundle during the black friday sale for $196 (tax included), so it was a pretty sweet deal. Will update more when I finally get the hang of it."
I love the machine! The only reason I am giving it a lower rating is that the second cutting mat came bent with how it was put in the box outside of the silhouette box. Now I have to figure whether it can be flattened so everything will cut right.
Actually I didn't find aerial number with the cd it came in good condition I just want to try it but they ask. For an upgrade and the upgrade need serial number
Love this machine!  I am cutting vinyl decals and vinyl for shirts.  There are days I could use a 2nd machine.  You do not have to use the cutting mat all the time just be sure you have excess vinyl so it has a good way to feed.
"My husband purchased this for me as a Christmas gift.  I am fairly tech savvy, and was excited to use this for a bunch of crafting, especially Christmas gifts.  I have spent the last three weeks just trying to get the thing up and running.  When I downloaded the program from the disc included, the program wouldn't even open.  Same with the most updated version from the website.  I emailed, and they sent a link to an older version of the program, and told me that because I needed that version, I ""wouldn't be able to update the software.""  Now it opens, but my computer won't detect the machine.  I've had a few exchanges with them over email (because I work and can't wait an hour + on the phone for customer service) and keep getting pointed to less than helpful FAQs, or given lists of directions that aren't accurate for a Mac/are outdated in terms of where to click, etc.  I have now tried (at their suggestion) to schedule a phone appointment with them to try to talk through it and resolve it, and they have dropped the ball each time. (Not calling, not following up.)  If this works when you get it, I'm sure it's awesome, but I am SO DISAPPOINTED. I have a $200 paperweight, my Christmas gift has now cost me hours in trying to just get it to work, and I have to find alternate gifts at the last minute."
Shipped in one box and included everything needed to start making crafts!
"The other possibilities after purchasing this starter bundle is unlimited. With the machine and the basic concept, you could either purchase other bundles to get started or if you know what you are doing. Go for a variety of ways of cutting/painting yourself.
For me personally, I am not an experienced user. So next step would be to buy another bundle to get started.
Possibilities are:
1. Paper Card Shapes
2. Shirts
3. Fabric Ink
4. Glassware
5. Drawings"
I use it all of the time! Love it!
Awesome 
I love the cameo silhouette and then ordered one for a good friend.  This bundle did not include the $25 download card that is listed in the description and shown the photo.  I am feeling disappointed since this is a gift and do not want to send the whole thing back.
"I love my Cameo! The silhouette vinyl stinks, I would have rather done a different bundle without the vinyl.  Overall, i do love it and got a good deal."
"So far I am very disappointed with this product.  Experiencing glitches.  Have called customer support and waiting time is over an hour.  Not helpful in solving the problem at all.  Instead of staying on the line and talking through the glitch, was sent a copy of an FAQ that I had already read and had already tried the solution suggested.  Then waited several hours before receiving an e-mail that addressed something that was not remotely linked to my question.  Likely going to return the product and try another brand."
I was pretty intimidated at first but now I'm addicted!
EXCELLENT value - love my new cameo.  Works well for cutting vinyl & paper.  Also used the cameo to address all of my Christmas cards.  So many uses!
Great for anyone starting out
LOVE this product it has been so fun to use.
My wife's toy if she's happy I'm happy
Perfect addition to my 'crafting horde'! So much fun I've done little else for 2 weeks. Might call out sick next week so I can keep playing. I've barely scratched the surface on what amazing things this cutter can do. Bored? GET ONE! And for the love of God...read the manual first!
"Great little machine! There are so many possibilities! I love using vinyl with the Cameo. I didn't really like the vinyl that came with this starter bundle because it was difficult to get the white backing off the mat once the design was cut. I haven't had any difficulty with other brands. It was very easy to set up. I installed Silhouette Studio, plugged in my Cameo, and I was off and running.

Silhouette Studio takes some getting use to because you need to learn all the functions. There are many resources online (blogs, videos, etc.) that are very helpful. I love that I get a new free design every week. I got a $25 credit with this purchase to use at the Design store. It expired 30 days after I activated it. I only bought one design and had $24 left on it. Didn't realize there was a 30 day expiration so I lost that credit, which was a bummer. It's really easy to download fonts and they will appear in Studio. No extra steps needed. There are a lot of free SVG files online but the Studio edition that you receive with this can't use the SVG files. You will need to upgrade to Studio Design edition. I did find a slight work around where you save the file as a JPEG, open it up in Studio, and use the trace feature.

This is my first craft cutting machine and I choose to purchase the Cameo over the Cricut machines because of it's capabilities to create designs off of my computer. You don't need any cartridges, which is a money saver in itself. You have a lot more freedom with design when using this product. Would recommend to any crafter."
"Great tool! Easy to use software and printer is excellent. Good youtube videos on how to use it...Makes it easier. Replacement cutting heads are reasonably priced.

With-in a few minutes of arrival I was up and cutting. Wife was even happy with the purchase. We use to make all kinds of signs for our business.

Even complicated graphics are easy to do. The trace tool is awesome. Just use the right tools for removing the excess vinyl."
I am in love with this machine!!  I don't even know where to start.  I'm pretty sure everything in my home with have vinyl stickers.  I have already designed tshirts and have decided I am addicted to this little machine.
"Unless you're a big scrap booker, I wouldn't recommend this machine. It's not very user friendly, it takes hours of instructional videos, ect. I have many friends who bought it and never use it bc it's too much of a hassle, don't know why I didn't listen to them! I think if you are technologically advanced sand scrap book often, this machine is for you. However, I'd pass if you think it sounds like a fun thing for you and your kids."
Love my machine. Not a big fan of the vinyl kit.
So excited for this! I purchased it when it was the deal of the day and didn't regret it! I love the added bonuses it came with HOWEVER whoever package the actual item didn't do a good job. Both mats it came with are ruined from being forced into the box causing creases and bends.
Best purchase I have ever made in my life! You have endless possibilities that you can do with this machine! I am in love with it & Very very satisfied with the quality items I can make with it!!
"Good job ., fast and no crash"
"Wow! Im super new to vinyl cutting but I believe this is a winner. I did quite a few hours of research on cutters and was not too impressed until I came across the Cameo. All others seem to be overpriced, non-user friendly or don't include the proper software.
The Cameo II(touch screen) arrived and I was cutting within 15 minutes. I installed the software, plugged it in, drew a crude test shape and cut it! Just that simple, assuming you have watched some YouTube videos on vinyl cutting in general and you are computer literate, the rest is self explanatory. The software is a bit crude, similar to Microsoft Paint with some extras but that also makes it very simple to operate. The fact that you don't need an intermediate, sold separately software or subscription to cut is a huge plus."
prefect!!
Love my new machine and cannot wait to learn all there is to know!!
"I purchased the Cameo 1 several years ago and I loved it. When the new Cameo 2 came out I decided to upgrade and I love this new machine too.  I decided to give my original Cameo to a friend so we could play together and enjoy using the same machine on the shared projects. I purchased the Designer Edition for $30.00 on sale and I love it too.  Recently I upgraded to the Business Edition.  I am not in business per say, but I use my machine a lot and every day.  I do not sell my work but I make so much and give it away to family and friends and make loads of greeting cards for old friends and school mates.  I recommend this machine to everyone.  I had a Cricut Expressions first but hardly ever used it.  The Cameo doesn't have to be connected to the Internet to use and you can make your own designs or purchase designs.  The software is on your own computer that you attach to your Cameo unlike the Cricut which you need to have cartridges for or  be on the Internet to use the software that is Internet based.  I do not find that the Cameo is all that loud and it doesn't bother me.  I am thoroughly impressed with all this machine can do and the quality of the product that it delivers.  You can't go wrong with this machine.  I would give it 10 stars if I could."
"I opened the box and expected there to be at least 30 minutes of setup, but it took more time to unpack everything than it did to start cutting my first decal. This thing is as simple as a basic inkjet printer.

I'd comment on the learning curve, but there really isn't one. Everything in the instructions (manual, on-board mini tutorial, etc) was really clear and the user interfaces are accessible even for the most technologically-impaired individual. The only ""problem"" I had was with using the cutting mat (slight misalignment on mat, peeled corner of the backing off of the vinyl when I tried to move it) and I solved that by just not using it.
I'll probably come back and update this after I have a few more cuts under my belt, but as far as first impressions go, you can't really beat this thing.

Update! Been using it for a few months and my initial review still stands. Great product, easy to use, etc. I actually haven't had to replace the cutting mat yet, but I also only use it a few times a week.

Another update! Before when I was using this to cut vinyl, I didn't really utilize the cutting area very efficiently. Recently, I was cutting a lot of smaller decals from one 12"" roll of vinyl and I wanted to get as many decals in the space as possible. I gave the decals a good 1/4"" clearance from the edges of the vinyl, but because of the way the rollers press down on the vinyl, there's actually about a 3/8"" area on either side of the roll that gets mushed down far enough to where the blade doesn't hit the vinyl at all. Not a huge problem, really, but it's something you'll need to account for and you'll end up having about 3/4"" of unusable space on a 12"" roll."
"The machine itself is VERY well made. It's easy to use, attractive, and loaded with great features (optical auto-trimming, sketching, vinyl and cloth cutting support, etc). The one HUGE weakness is the abominable quality of the included software. Each Cameo ships with a copy of ""Silhouette Studio Basic"", which has very limited import functionality. If you wanted to import an existing design and then import a vector path to cut, that requires a $50 upgrade to Silhouette Studio ""Designer Edition""! Oh, and if you want to be able to make cuts straight from Adobe Illustrator, that is another (separate) $40 upgrade. Cost upon cost upon cost to use their own product in any sort of meaningful way. It's outrageous.

And that's not even the worst part. The software has zero Retina/HiDPI support, and looks absolutely horrible on Macs with Retina displays and PCs with HiDPI displays. Considering that Retina/HiDPI displays have been status quo for several years now, this is simply unforgivable and tells me that this company simply doesn't bother to maintain their software. Huge red flag there.

The software also appears to be buggy on OSX El Capitan so that $50 upgrade you just bought, there's no way to apply it. When you click the ""Upgrade Silhouette Studio"" button in the software to apply your just-purchased license nothing happens. Nothing at all. No registration window, no web page, no way to enter your serial numbers to unlock the basic functionality you just paid even more for.

Nickel-and-diming your customers to be able to use your product as anything more than a curio is bad enough, but if you have the gall to charge extra for that software it had better be well maintained and it had better work. Silhouette Studio is not and does not, respectively.

In theory, this could be an incredible machine. But as far as I can tell you are very limited to just what you can do with the included, crippled, outdated ""Basic"" software and what good is fantastic hardware without solid, functional software to back it up?"
Excited to use this new machine!
very user-friendly
Excellent product thanks amazon
"I love this this thing, so far. However I'm sure it's just my computer but when I downloaded the silhouette studio program it wanted me to update the software in order to access the store from the program. This is also where you get all of your free designs. However, my computer is not recognizing the upgrade for some odd reason and therefore all of the new design I get I cannot use due to me not being able to get onto the store through silhouette studio....confused yet?"
The sihouette is great and works amazingly well right out of the box. Took about 15 minutes to get set and cutting. The one issue is whatever packed the box decided that the extra mat should be folded in half and stuck on top which basically ruins it as far as i can tell. Kinda disappointing but the rest is good.
I love this product! So much fun to use.
Great
"I really like the Cameo and it has performed flawless since we purchased it a couple of months ago, but it is really noisy and sounds like something is binding.  I did read other reviews from people who had the same issue, so figured it is just part of the design, which it is.  No matter the knife adjustment, it always makes racket."
Bought this for my wife for her birthday. But no $25 download card for the Silhouette Design Studio came with it as advertised.
Awesome
Good
Tah k you so mch!!
LOVE IT. It's been a great addition to my craft space and have used it a lot. I love how you can customize your designs on the studio package and only buy the image you are needing rather than hassling with cartridges. Best craft purchase I have ever made.
Have had it for a year and use it almost daily!
"Love this product, it was a bit confusing navigating through the system but once I figured it out it was fairly simple"
"I've been using this for about 2 weeks now, and waited until now to write a review so I could be as thorough as possible. After owning a Cricut Expressions for about 5 years and using nothing but that (with the SCAL software) I was hesitant to start over with a new product and new design software, but had no choice since my Cricut was on her last leg. After alot of research, I chose this Silhouette Cameo. Before purchasing, I actually downloaded their design software to see how user friendly it was, and if it had the ability to do some of the more important designs for me. I do not use this for scrapbooking or cards or anything - it's solely used for making vinyl decals, tshirts, and products of that nature. Not only could it do everything my Cricut could do, it did it in LESS steps, and did things I could not previously do with my Cricut, so I jumped on here and placed the order for this machine with the starter bundle.
The bundle came in 2 days (thanks Prime!) and included everything that was listed. One thing worth mentioning is that it says you get a 1 month trial to the design store - when I put the code in for that, it actually gave me a $25 credit for the design store. I don't know if it expires in a month or what, but there are so many designs to choose from (some as low as 50 cents on clearance) that I'm having a hard time deciding what to use the credits on! The machine itself cuts like a dream, and makes more precise cuts than my Cricut ever did, even with brand new blades. I am in love with the fact that you just choose what material you're cutting (vinyl, shirt vinyl, plain paper, cardstock, etc) and the progam tells you what to set the blade to (no more guesswork!) and automatically adjusts the speed and pressure for you. So easy... The machine is loud when it cuts, and at first made me concerned that something was wrong with it. It kinda has a grinding sound to it. I looked on youtube at other Cameo owners and watched some videos and noticed theirs all sounded the same, so I'm no longer concerned about that. It just took me by surprise, not being used to it.
Overall, I am in love with this machine and it's an amazing deal for everything you get with it. I don't know why I waited so long to upgrade. I highly recommend it."
Love it!
"Made a couple of mistakes initially as was so anxious to cut out lots of things, but I slowed down and paid attention to correct settings. That made a big difference.  After practicing, I think I am ready to tackle a ""real"" craft project."
"I absolutely love my silhouette! It cuts perfectly and I use it to make extra money from my crafts! The Silhouette Customer Service is great, and anything I can draw on my computer, I can cut out on my Silhouette!"
"My first experience with the Silhouette Cameo was a big disappointment.  After debating with myself for almost a year, I decided to make the plunge and purchase the Silhouette Cameo.  As usual, Amazon delivered the product promptly.  I eagerly  opened the package and to get started right away.  My first sign that I might have a problem, was a loose screw in the box.  It came from the back casing of the Cameo and was easily screwed back in.  I watched several You Tube tutorial on how to set up the Cameo and started  the process.  However, when it came time to inserting the software CD , my optical drive would not read the disk.  It kept rejecting it.  I tried multiple times with no success.  I tested other CDs and they would open without a problem.  I tried to call Silhouette, but it  was Friday evening about 6PM and of course, they had closed shop for the weekend.

I then called Amazon and explained the problemGREAT RESPONSE and GREAT SERVICE.  The gentleman who assisted me advised me to return the product and he would make arrangements for a replacement.  I received the new Silhouette on Sunday and immediately tried the CDit worked fine.  I am guessing the first CD was corrupted or someone forgot to load the software onto it.  Also, there were no loose screws in the box!

I have been playing with my  new toy for  6 days.  It seems to be working fine.  Although it is a a steep learning curve to become familiar with its use and capabilities, I am having fun experimenting with it.  I don't find the user manual that helpful at the moment, instead I am immersing myself in all of the You-tube tutorials that are available.

Anyway at this point I am very satisfied with the product, will try to provide another review in 4 to 6 months to see if I am still so enamored with it."
What a great product. Love mine!  Thankful I had a friend to help me get started.  Would definitely recommend for buyers to watch some youtubes to see all the things it can do.
My daughter and daughter in law LOVE it!
Great product! I have made many crafts after purchasing this. Thank you.
I love it!!! Almost been a 1year now and still learning new things that this machine can do!!!!
"while it seems to be a good machine, I had a hard time setting up the machine to my computer. I couldn't down load my graphics to the silhouette cutter. apparently you have to use the graphics that comes with the cutter. I'm not a graphics designer by no means , but I use my own graphics to print t- shirts. i thought i could down load to the silhouette from my computer. it could be i  misunderstood the cutter would cut whatever i printed, or operator error."
"I love this machine, it was easy for me to get started with. I would advise anyone purchasing to go straight to the Silhouette website and download the latest version of the software, as they will likely have a newer version than what was packed with the kit."
THIS THING IS AMAZING! One of the best purchase I've ever made. My wife and I are both Graphic Designers and use this for client needs and it does such a great job. It really can cut any shape and so many different materials. For any Graphic Designers out there Silhouette offers a really cool plug in for illustrator that allows you to convert an artboard into a cuttable image for the Cameo.
Love my Cameo. You can do so much with it.
Love it!!!
"I cannot say enough about how much I LOVE my Silhouette.  I've been using one for almost 5 years now, and recently upgraded to the Cameo.  Love the larger size and the touch screen.  Great price on the bundle.  If you're on the fence about getting a Cameo, don't be!  Get one, you'll love it."
I love my silhouette Cameo!
Great....
LOVE LOVE this machine. Great seller and everything was as described
"This machine is amazing. Ive never had a silhouette product or a cricut, but this machine does amazing work! Such a great price."
Super awesome machine. I love my silhouette cameo. I've been able to create a lot of cool stuff.
This is my second Silhouette I have purchased.  Love it!
Exactly what I wanted! arrived on time also
Love it
Love it!
Love this machine. I have mostly cut vinyl with it. I have been able to create great gifts with this machine and love all of its uses.
"YES, there's a learning curve but after a quick 25-30 minute tutorial with a friend, I was up & running. I've made shirts, cups, holiday gifts, etc. My husband does wood work, so we use it for stenciling before he cuts the wood. Very handy to have around the house. I haven't used the accessories much, but it's still a great deal, even for the machine."
"Great product, love it!!"
Love my cameo! Great machine and I've done so many crafts with it. The possibilities are endless!
Great experice. Fast shipping. Wonderful product
love my Silhouette! Wish it had come with a dust cover!
"We just received our Sillhouette today and were up and running within half an hour. I'm really glad we got just the machine instead of a bundle. I compared all the bundles and it really seemed like it would be cheaper to just buy the accessories you want as you need them. For us, that was definitely the right choice. There are accessories that we'll want, for sure, but none of the bundles would have really been a better value for our needs.

My husband wanted this for a very specific purpose (cutting stencils for etching) but we're both completely overwhelmed with the crafty possibilities. There will be a learning curve for sure, but literally, within half an hour, my husband was able to take an image of his own, turn it into a cutting file, and cut it out of vinyl. I just have to decide which project to start with when it's finally my turn!

===========

Edit: 4/3/16 - We've been using our Cameo for about 6 months now. The primary reason we got the machine was for my husband to cut vinyl templates for etching copper circuit boards. Even with just the free version of the software, he's been able to do that quite easily. The Cameo handles even the most intricate details beautifully. We've also cut some vinyl wall decals for the kids, stickers for the kids, numbers for the mailbox, and iron-ons for clothing and bags. My husband has also used super-fine tip markers with the Cameo to simply draw on his circuit boards rather than using the vinyl. The possibilities for this machine really are endless and it was totally worth the investment for us!"
"I Love this machine!  I got it and was a bit afraid to use it.  I watched several YouTube videos and asked several questions on two Face Book accounts.  But through trial and error, I finally figured out what I wanted to make and went to work.  I was amazed at how nice my project printed and cut.  I have several projects I am going to do and can't hardly wait to get started working on.  I would highly recommend this product.  I have a friend that has the Cricut and I prefer my Silhouette."
Love it no problems (:
Love my new Silhoutte Cameo! Thanks Amazon for sending it so quickly!
LOVVVVEEEEE My cameo!! My business has BOOMED!
Love it!
I love the Silhouette.
"The bundle was a great idea!! I had everything I needed to get started, except for the vinyl of course. Some of the stuff I didn't even open right away. The extra blade definitely came in handy. I also received a gift card to purchase extra items from the online store, which I ended up buying cool printables. There isn't really a starter guide to help with projects, but the booklet that's included tells you the basics.

My cameo was awesome. It was only my little hobby, but I did make a couple shirts for my family."
"OMG HOW DID I EVER LIVE WITHOUT THIS THING!!!  Pretty much everything in my house is now embellished with vinyl in some way.  Seriously, I don't even scrapbook (is that a verb?) and I use my cutter almost every day.  Amazing."
"We got this a few months ago and have just had a chance to use it.  It cut paper great, felt ugh it is NOT good..  We wanted to cut out some numbers for a plush advent calendar, but the cutter just could not make it through the felt. First off, installing the blade is was not exactly second nature because the blades come with a ratcheting attachment that you set the blade depth with, but we had no idea when we opened it... so we ended up going over the same piece a few times before we realized we needed to remove the attachment.  Also, to this day we are still not positive what direction the blade has to be installed.  The guides to not really make sense and if you look at videos online some people have the blades one way and others another.  I would think that might be very important so the cutter makes the best cut in the material."
maybe because my computer is old and the software does not support my computer.
Just what I wanted!
Absolutely love how easy it is to use. I can't stop making things!
"While pretty and minimalistic looking, this machine simply doesn't work well. I've had it about a week, and all the vinyl included ( Four 9""x24"" pieces) has been 100% wasted. The blade hangs up on itself, and you're required to babysit it the entire time it cuts, pausing frequently to keep the media straight. The software included, Silhouette Studio is slow, clunky and doesnt accept vector files (SVG, EPS) unless you purchase the upgrade. Don't waste your time with this toy and spend money on a real cutter."
"Ordered this product hoping for so much more.  I tried using this about 10 different times before I just gave up and decided to return it.  I'm tempted to try one more time because I WANT it to work so badly.  Not sure what I am doing wrong, but I don't recommend this for a beginner like me."
LOVE! my Silhouette Cameo. Very user-friendly.
Very happy with my purchase.
Does not come with vinyl or paper. Just FYI bc I didn't realize this.
"Haven't made anything yet, but so far my experience has been great.  I had some problems loading it on my older MAC, but tech support was all over it and sent me clear instructions to fix the problem.  If only they could create some time for me!"
"Was the perfect bundle pack for me.
I'm so happy I looked over and over to make sure I was buying the most recent cameo with the touch screen, careful as in the little icon photos can look the same - especially when you're really giddy to buy and get it in the mail quick."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE! I bought the cricut and this one to test both. Decided to keep this one.
PROS
This one you have a software, you don't need to be online
You can design anything you want for print and cut (for better quality I've notice the bigger the original file is, the better)
You can choose different settings

CONS
LOOOUUD
Sometimes it goes a bit off,with print and cut, If the first time didn't read it, cancel the job Shut it off, and turn it on again. Most of the times I don't do this, it cuts off. Also, if you are cutting several pages with the same design, don't just keep pressing send to silhouette. Feed the sheet, go back to Cut Settings (the one the looks like the Cameo Needle) and press everything again. Cuts off when you don't."
"The actual vinyl starter kit was little to be desired. The machine itself is durable and fast, but a lot louder than I expected. I was most disappointed in the instructions. The only way to know about the speed & depth is to play with it and waste product. It definitely helps my hands, I no longer need to cut stencils by hand."
Great product
The cutter is awesome...... It works great & is super easy to use......... The software is solid and let's you do awesome things with ease.
"I love my cameo, but definitely has room for improvement - hardware & software. I have to ""manually "" register my sheets pretty frequently."
"I LOVE my Cameo.  I have only had it for about a week but it is life changing for me.  I was previously using a Silhouette Portrait and had to fight it every project.  The Cameo is very easy to use and having a wider cutting area is so much easier for larger projects.  If you trying to decide between the two, GO WITH THE CAMEO!  The price point is higher, but it will save your hours of anguish and lots of ruined craft materials because you can get it right the first time.  There are extensive tutorials for using the Cameo, so you can be a pro in no time!"
Love it!
"The machine operates great, but I am having problems with the software opening on my computer. I have tried to open the software off and on all day today with no success. I have used it some, but I don't always know when it will work."
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.
Love it
My wife loved this as a birthday gift. Amazon did an awesome job getting it to us quickly.
I've used competitors for years and decided to give this cutter a try. So glad I did. It is intuitive and easy to use. I like the ability to cut many cutting materials. Cutting mats and blades are a bit higher than competitors but thats the only drawback.
"This machine is incredible. It does everything it advertises and more. I love the sketch pens, and the fact that it cuts fabric. I prefer it to the ""other"" brand due to its offline capabilities. I got it on sale for $169 and I couldn't be happier with it."
"Cameo2 is perfect, however this picture shows that the vinyl starter kit comes with the pink organizer box, it did not. The vinyl kit came in a cheap box. If I would have know this, I would have bought a different bundle, because I like to keep things organized!"
Fast shipping. Very satisfied!
great bundle.
"The product works as expected, however
1. it will not works with Adobe Illustrator unless you buy additional software license, which the customer wouldn't have known unless he already bought one and visit the website, not even a notice in the manual.
2. If you cut a small holes (in my case, 2 mm diameters) the cut was not clean.
3. I try to feed a media without cutting mat and the roller slip while cutting. I think the roller should be made of rubber."
Got on a special deal - sent back - instructions could have been WAY better for the cost.
Very easy to use.
So far so good... no complaints :)  Test test test before you want the perfect results.
"The posibilities are endless with the Cameo Silhouette! I have only cut paper, vinyl and cardstock so far and I am very happy with the results. I was able to make my own business cards from scratch, they look fantastic and the savings are even greater."
"UPDATE: This was user error not the Cameo.  I am in love with this machine and will be ordering a second one. Please take the time to view online videos and join the numbeous Facebook groups to get the most of your Cameo.  You will not regret it.

I have been using Cricut right out of the box for over a year.  I read about the Cameo and had to have one.  It was the worst decision I could have made. From day 1 I have installed as directed, done the registration and still can't get an accurate cut or have the machine find the registration marks.
After using a blade once, I replaced it thinking that was the problem. Still does not cut, even after 2 passes. To say I am disappointed is an understatement.  Definitely going back to the Cricut."
The wife had many test runs until we finally adjusted the needle to 6 o'clock and we had a perfect cut out of our wedding invites. Pretty simple good product
"This starter bundle really does come with almost everything that you need to get started. Its a nice set up. I love my silhouette. It takes some getting used to, and theres times when it just doesn't do what I want it to but for the most part it is a great machine."
Amazing product! Absolutely love it! Easy to use and very fun for creative people!
great product.
I only wish it had instructions to go onto you tube to get instructions on using the machine.
This is a great machine. It works as described.
"Exactly what I expected, and I have enjoyed it. Awesome value. Only complaint I could make is the color of the green in the kit was not a shade I would have chosen."
Very pleased with my new hobby!
Love love love my new cameo machine. This thing does everything! I wish I would have gotten it way sooner.
I AM BEYOND IN LOVE WITH MY CAMEO!!!! I debated this purchase for a while since its so expensive. My only regret about the purchase is that I didn't make it sooner!
The machine..the shipping was all great. As I expected. Only reason not 5 stars is because did not come when stated.
Love it for disc golf dying stencils
"After having this device for a couple of weeks I can honestly say I am very impressed. The starter kit is nice to have, but the device is what I want to focus on.

The device is pretty easy to set up and the software was also pretty easy to get going with. I will have to say there is definitely a little bit of a learning curve, but after a couple of learning opportunities my wife and I are having a blast making all kinds of things for her classroom and for friends and family. In the past couple of weeks we have made greeting cards, decals for my truck, a vinyl cutout for the classroom wall, custom magic cards for a friend, inserts to use with a clear iPhone case, tags for presents, and I'm sure I'm forgetting some other things too. We're already on our second knife, not because it's not durable, but because we've cut out so much.

My favorite feature by far is being able to print out on cardstock and then cut. It uses registration marks that it prints to keep everything aligned and it does a very nice job. Absolutely love it."
"The machine is working perfectly. The vinyl rolls in the kit are smaller than I would have liked. The 9"" width seems a little silly for a 12"" capacity machine. The tools worked well and were sufficient for most jobs.  The included downloads were fun, but not necessarily something I will use."
Works great! No issues.
Purchased for daughter and grand daughters.  They really enjoy using it and are really showing their creative crafty side.  Machine seems to be easy to operate and has performed well so far.
"This machine is a game changer! I didn't know that the silhouette line of die cutting machines existed and when I discovered them I had to have one. I had heard of the circut machines but was never interested because of the cartridges thing and not being able to use your own designs.

The silhouette cameo is wonderful. I have had it for 9 months now and I just love it. I have been able to make so many really cool, personal gifts. I have mostly worked with vinyl and the cameo handles that beautifully. I have found it to be pretty user friendly and had no problems getting started. I did watch a lot of youtube instructional videos while waiting for my new toy to arrive and I think that was very helpful.

I need to change the cutting blade every month and the cutting mat probably every 2-3 months but I use my cameo a lot (Amazon Subscribe & Save has been nice for that). I upgraded and bought the Designer Edition Software and have found that helpful. I also bought the 12x24 mat and use that a lot especially with larger vinyl projects. Getting this machine and all the accessories and supplies has been quite the investment but I really cannot imagine life without it anymore. I absolutely love this machine and the creative freedom that it provides."
Shipping and fabulous product
Love this machine! It has already paid for it's self! Love that you can down load any picture.
I don't even know how to use this yet but I love it.  Just playing around with it and doing a few little craft projects I am already obsessed with it.  It cuts extremely well and very minute details.  I have made stencils and done some cut outs for the kids.  I am so excited to go online and do some tutorials and just having the $25 free uploads is a great start.
Perfect
"Great little machine, bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Very helpfull and easy to use."
Love this! Super simple to set up and use. I've been doing a ton of different projects thanks to this.
Excelente
"Wouldn't it be nice to have people compliment you on your items and be able to say you made them and be proud of how professional they look?  Well then, the Silhouette is for you!  This machine can make anyone look like a pro!  Design vinyl decals, cut and make cards, draw images, etch glass, engrave light metal, and whatever you can dream up.  The machine arrived and I couldn't wait to get started, but I did some reading and prepared myself to learn and use the machine so I could be successful.  It's simple and easy to use if you follow the instructions and WOW, I can't tell you how great my items came out.  I'm going to be sending cards I've made at Christmas and am creating some vinyl wall decals for my kitchen and home office.  The sky is the limit and I'm going to be pushing those limits!  Great for crafters!  Worth every penny."
Great Item
Does everything it says it does
a fun toy  jsut nee to come up with more  thing to make with it
"An excellent enthusiast cutting machine.

Pros: cuts pretty much everything I can fit under the rollers. Slim profile, aesthetically pleasing, was able to start cutting within 1 minute of unboxing it, and took very little calibrating to get cutting perfectly. As a graphic designer and product designer this machine opened a massive world to me.

Cons: Obviously as an enthusiast level machine this will never be able to cut how I really want. Additionally I find the provided software very lackluster, preferring Make the Cut for most situations. As of right now I have found no way to use the files from their store outside of their program. This means going to I stock photo or other stock websites is a much better idea since you can get higher quality vector files that can be reused in a wide variety of projects and programs.

Bottom line: I love this machine."
Wife loves it!
the only downside is how much my wife is spending on s*** for this thing to cut...
Very good 
"Don't think about it, just get it! Crafting will never be the same! It took some time getting adjusted to, especially the designer studio, but once you get the hang of it, you will want to start cutting and making everything!"
Very pleased with the product and packaging! Arrived on time!! It was just what I needed!
"This cameo is the best purchase of my life. So many things you can do with it, that I'm constantly reading new tutorials and spending a LOT of money on supplies. But it has also let me make things for myself, my kids, my family and friends, and even a few customers. This package contains most of what you need to get started."
So in move with it! I use it for my online shop to make sticker!!
I love the Silhouette Cameo.  The bundle was great for beginners.
"Play with the settings, be sure to adjust your paper correctly, and eventually it will work."
AMAZING!!! This was the best purchase i have ever made! I use this to create custom vinyls and sketches! And lets just say awesome! It is very easy to learn for beginners but has a wide variety of applications for more advanced vinyl users. They also have a great customer support set up and constant updates to make the software for the cameo ever better! I started with windows 7 and now have windows 10 and silhouette made sure the transition went smoothly! All together i am beyond satisfied with this product!
"I love this machine. It was a present for my wife but I seem to be the one using it. Sorry dear. I've made complex decals, trimmed pictures drawn by our kids and made tee shirts with iron-on silhouettes and text (including the complicated EAA Airventure Oshkosh 2015 logo)"
Great product fast shipping my wife was excited as it was for her birthday and it keeps her busy making her crafts while I'm away working up nothing the oilfield thank you !!!
"Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!  I love my silhouette!  I'm so glad I got the starter bundle.  I only wish I hadn't been so afraid of it that it sat in the box for several months before I used it!  I can't get enough of it, and I'm always learning & trying new things.  This is a wonderful purchase!"
Pretty sure something were used before arriving to me.
Not what was expected
"Get ready to have a ton of patience with this machine. It's a steep learning process. I bought it mostly to make Stickers for my Erin Condren Life Planner. It seemed to be the cheaper route than buying off Etsy. So far I think I have wasted more sticker paper, ink, and time in the few months that I've had this. The program that crashes constantly. Make sure you SAVE every few minutes!"
"Great creativity tool
The only weakness I see so far is that it has too many plastic parts that are easy to break"
My wife loves it
"So many things that you can do with the Cameo!  I used it to help a family friend decorate for a wedding, made two signs and also used a download from the Silhouette design studio to make folded paper lanterns that were just gorgeous."
"I wanted to splurge and get myself something nice.  I LOVE this silhouette cameo!  I have used it to make cards, t-shirts, ornaments, gifts, and many other things.  I wish I could just sit there and craft all day long with this thing!"
Works great for vinyl just watch the cut setting on software kept defaulting to cardstock and it messed me up a couple times but might have been my error for not checking the setting first. Really love it though! Utube videos out there helped too!
Have not had a chance to try it.  But love how others have used it.
"Pulls too much one one side, cuts never end up where they are supposed to be.  Not sure if mine is defective or if the machine is just bad.  I've watched a dozen youtube videos and other tutorials.  I've gone through about $100 worth of vinyl and unless I make a one line sticker it won't cut correctly because it always starts pulling one side further than the other."
Fantastic addition to my creativity.  Love it!
Love my Silhouette!!!!  Although...next time I wouldn't have bought the vinyl package with it.  The vinyl that comes from silhouette is cheap.  It rips and doesn't want to weed.  Buy another add on package with it.
Amazing!
I really enjoy this machine.  Software is easy to use! It's great for school projects and gifts!
"My silhouette is amazing! I love the fact that I can cut anything that I design (as opposed to other die machines out there that require cartridges) and that this machine is easy to use. The software is relatively intuitive and set up is quick. I like the touch screen option, as I upgraded to this after my old one stopped on me. I would definitely recommend this to someone looking to expand their crafting tools."
Love it
"I wanted to like this. I figured it all about by watching youtube videos. When it cut correctly, it did okay...but usually, the cutting ended up crooked or completely off. Sometimes my software would freeze up a bit...and each time I quit or X'd out of the program, it said that Silhouette .exe was experiencing a problem and it was looking for a solution (*every* time). I wasted soo much sticker paper because this thing would work one time and then wouldn't work the next three or more times. I really wanted this to work and am not sure what I am going to do now. I am not sure if I got a lemon and should reorder (although I am really afraid to) or if all Cameos are like this. :("
In love!
I get more use out of this machine than I ever imagined!!!! I love it! You gave us a great deal and had tons of amazing perks with it!
Love love this cutter it does a lot more then. Expected. Even made some money with and paid it off in two weeks
"I love love love my new Cameo. I have made wonderful gifts and also helped on decorations for a friends wedding. I have only used this for vinyl projects so far. I can't wait to do more. I have put vinyl on a glass cutting board, wine glasses, photo booth frame for a wedding. The wonderful projects are endless."
"I received the kit but with the vinyl started package I am missing the idea book, the CD that comes with vinyl kit and also the card that has the 25 downloads .is there anyway I can be shipped these missing items"
"I have tried several cutters before but none of them compared to this one. I am so happy with this purchase! It's easy to use, easy to understand, and it cuts amazing. I use it to cut vinyl and its perfect every time."
Wish there was better instructions or a video to watch on how to use.  Using YouTube to try and learn.  Some better than others.
"I purchased this machine to make gatefold cuts with very intricate details on the folds and every time it just tore the paper or wouldn't cut all the way through.  I checked and tweaked the settings, but nothing worked.  I would recommend a Cricut next time."
I have made so many things with this!! Love it so much! I had a cricut but really didn't like having to get a new cartridge fit every thing I wanted to do. I love that I can design my own cuts with the software!
"This Cameo has a classy appearance. The touch screen has a delayed reaction. Simple onboard functions, but straight to the point. Simple setup and clean cuts. Was able to use right out of the box on first try after installation of software. My main job for this machine is to plot vinyl. Blade is very sharp! Would update in some months."
I love the cameo! I'm so glad I bought it
Awesome deal and great machine
Not too bad. Merci
"I could not figure out how to work this machine.

I have used cruicuts in the past, and decided to upgrade after reviewing both company's offerings.  I was so excited to get this cutter!  It was going to make my bulletin board amazing!!!

But, I couldn't make it work....  I read the directions, watched video after video on youtube, and still failed.  You need a PhD to get this thing to work!

So frustrating.... but amazon's return policy is awesome!!"
"I'm new to the cutting machines, but I love the silhouette. The software can be a bit challenging to figure out right away. You need to practice and watch a lot of tutorials and experiment with different settings. The uses for this machine are numerous."
"For years, I've always wanted to cut vinyl but felt intimidated w/ the whole process/lack of knowledge. As a graphic designer, I longed to see some of my creativity on walls, windows, etc. This machine has made it possible! And easier than I expected!!!! Thanks Silouette. YOU ROCK!!!!! (Pictured is the 1st HTV I tried and 2nd thing ever off my cutter)"
LOVE LOVE LOVE my Silhouette Cameo! The project ideas are endless!
Lots of learning curve on the software and machine.  You tube helos some. You would think the company would put a better videos on useage.
Extremely satisfied with my Cameo!!!
Great preduct
"I have five Cameos. Four of them are the old version but I also own this new version with the touchscreen. I think this new version adds functions that are largely unnecessary. The touchscreen makes the machine less useful and adds nothing other than, perhaps, aesthetics. There is no real reason to add a touchscreen to a machine such as this and I have found it only makes the machine more difficult to use.

The biggest problem with the touchscreen is that when the machine fails to read the registration marks on the first pass, which happens 90% of the time, the touchscreen gets stuck reading ""Registration Mark Sensor Error"" even though the machine itself continues to try and read the registration marks and, eventually, does so successfully. The problem with this is, when the touchscreen is stuck on an error message, you cannot pause the machine. The only option is to unload the paper, which would ruin your project if the machine is actually in the process of cutting. This is a major issue for me. I often have to pause a machine for various reasons and I cannot do that on this machine. On the old machine, the pause button is not a part of a touchscreen so, it can be pressed at any time.

The touchscreen is also not as responsive as we have all come to expect touchscreens to be when using other electronic devices. You often have to press pretty hard to get your choice to register. Additionally, to manually adjust the rollers, the touchscreen's lack of sensitivity makes that process more difficult than it needs to be. Again, what is the point of a touchscreen on a machine like this?

Also, the new version cuts substantially slower than the old version while using the same speed settings. I have found that this new machine takes up to 50% longer to cut the same file using the same settings as the old version. Since I use these machines for my small business, anything that makes the cutting process longer affects my workflow and efficiency.

The other features found on this version - USB capability, a roll cutter, storage for additional blade - none of these makes the machine a worthwhile upgrade to the old machine in my opinion."
"This is an AMAZING bundle. My husband bought it for me for Mother's Day, and I've been putting vinyl on everything. I even started my own custom vinyl business.

I highly recommend this bundle. The 2 mats and tools it comes with are extremely handy to have. I would suggest picking up a couple extra blades, too."
LOVE THIS MACHINE !!!
The Silhouette Cameo is just what I needed to get started with vinyl diecuts.
"As a Cricut owner for 10 years, I decided to give the Cameo a try. All I can say is I wish I would have switched years ago. Don't get me wrong Cricut is a great company with great machines but after spending thousands on machines & cartridges (most images I didn't even use) I was ready for something new! The Cameo 2 is amazing, the software is super easy to learn, I did watch a few videos. I highly recommend the Cameo to anyone who is looking to use it for paper,vinyl,tshirt projects. There is so much you can do with this machine, I love that I can use images that I couldn't ever get with Cricut. I would definitely purchase again from Silhouette! Great product!"
"I was nervous about jumping off into the die-cutting world, but this Cameo Bundle came with everything I needed to get started. It was a great deal and having the 2nd cutting mat is a lifesaver! Newbies you know, always mess up the first one. I haven't used the sketch pens yet, but it cuts paper and vinyl like a dream. I can't wait to see what else I can make with this!"
excellent Product and Support.
"I spent days going back and forth between whether to purchase the Cameo or the Cricut. I downloaded Cricut first, and will say it is very user friendly. A bonus is being able to use it on the internet, so your projects are saved and you can access them anywhere. (Mac users, you must have Google Chrome for the software to work!) However, for my needs the Cricut software just wasn't going to work. I wanted to purchase one of these machines to create my own custom planner stickers, as well as do some vinyl projects. The Cricut is very good for these types of projects as well, but I felt as if you are very restricted to the pictures and projects their software has to offer. I was not able to create anything custom like I wanted. I read a lot of great reviews on the cutting ability of the Cricut, though, and ordered it, but sadly returned it before I even took it out of the box due to not being able to make custom projects using their software.

The Silhouette software program can be dowloaded for free from their website, and I suggest checking it out before you make a decision between the two machines. The software was exactly what I was looking for, so I ordered the Cameo. It has more of a learning curve because of all the features, but after a few Youtube videos and playing around it was very easy to figure out and use. I read and heard horror stories about how finicky this machine can be when it comes to cutting. (Having to shine an extra light into the machine, going over the registration marks with a marker, etc.) The first time I decided to cut, I watched a Youtube video on how to calibrate the machine (very helpful, and a must), then I cut my first set of stickers. Right away I got the error message that the registration marks could not be read. I went over them in marker and set up extra lightening, like I read about. Still wouldn't work. That's when I started to wonder if I made the wrong decision. I watched a few more videos and decided to try cutting without the mat. First cut worked like a charm!! The suggested settings for the sticker paper were entirely wrong, so I had to fiddle with them, but it didn't take long to get the perfect cut. Since getting the machine a few weeks ago, I've had a few more instances where I get the error message and it cannot read the registration marks. It seems like if you mess-up or cancel cuts, the machine has a tantrum and you have to turn it off and reset it, but that's the worst problem I've had. I highly recommend this machine if you are willing to be patient and learn how to use it properly."
"Hi friend, i need fiscal coupon about my order because my Silhouette come broken for me. I opened And than a Big noise happen when a try to use, unfornutelly. I need To get techinical assistance. Regards."
"Love my machine, just need to some help learning the software. Pinterest has been a great help."
Trying it for the first time I had some complications. Then researched how to fix my problems and no problems since!! I LOVE MY SILHOUETTE!
Bought for my granddaughter and she loves it . The whole family has made things with it.
I love this machine! I would not survive all my projects without it! Highly recommend getting this item!
"This machine was for my wife. She has been more than thrilled with it so far. It was easy to set up, the software is easy to use, and the credit that came with it goes a long way in their online store. So far she has cut paper vinyl and chipboard without any problems. It is a little louder than what she expected, but that's nothing to really knock it for."
So far so good! I just got my machine last week. I was a little nervous to get started with my first project since I read reviews that it is a little bit tricky to use! I jumped right in and started last weekend and had a little bit of a tough time the 1st time I did it but the 2nd time came out perfect. It was my error for not putting the blade facing the right direction before I started to cut. I was able to read online how to fix it and it fixed it right away. Youtube videos help a lot to learn how to use this machine also. Everything that came in my starter bundle is great quality. It was definitely worth the price to purchase it. Shipped fast also. Can't wait to keep using it to see what other things I can create with it! Thank you!
I am in love with this machine! It does so much and the possibilities are endless. I've only had it a few weeks but I have make so many cute items from wall art to custom cups.
Can not get technical support for the silhouette machine
Great product.
Is a great product.
The service from Silhouette Customer Service is HORRIBLE!! I can never get a call in. The phone line according to the phone auto voice are always busy and they never e-mail you back. This has been a BAD experience for me.
It's taking me time to learn it (mostly due to a busy schedule) but it's not difficult and I can't wait to try many projects.  I do find the mats to be really sticky and the vinyl is then hard to get off without creasing.  So I'm learning not to apply pressure to get the vinyl to hold to the mat.  You really just want it to be stable.
Absolutely great machine still learning all it can do but very impressed.
"The Cameo is a great little machine, but the roll feeder is worthless. For the vinyl or other material to load and work in the Cameo, they need to be on a cutting mat, but when the material is on the roll feeder there is no room for the cutting mat to be used. If there is a way to solve this problem, I don't know it, but would like to."
this item works great have had a lot of fun making things for friends and family
"This cutting machine is the best, EVER.
I use it to cut and score papercraft parts. Slight learning curve at first but YouTube was great for help when ever I had an issue. I am a pro now after having it for 2 days."
"Love, love, love my Cameo!!!"
I love this machine. The tutorial that came with it is spot on. The credits to use in the silhouette store go a long way. Best purchase ever!!!
Great tool!  The possibilities are endless.
"I had ordered the Heat Transfer bundle but i receive the sketch pen?, but the cameo does it's job great"
I love my new silhouette cameo!!! I can't wait to get the curio!!!!
"Everything worked great, the heat bundle doesn't have a lot of vinyl if your expecting a lot but great for practicing"
"I LOVE LOVE LOVE my new Silhouette Cameo! this is mamas TOY, no kids allowed. It's everything I expected and more. I did my research and was not disappointed"
"I started with the Silhouette HD and it was impressive. The more i used it, the more I realized how limited it was and how much of a headache things were with accuracy and glitches. I saw this Cameo and after reading all the reviews, I jumped on it. Its miles better than the HD and so much easier to use. I haven't done anything with the mat yet, I mostly cut from rolls of colored vinyl using my own vector designs. So far its been great and definitely a great choice for anyone interested in DIY plotting and cutting!"
"I really wish I could rate this 5 stars. However, a short 3 months after purchasing the machine and becoming addicted to the amazing crafts I was able to make using it, my Cameo simply died. It wouldn't power on. I was so thankful for the one year warranty until I realized that providing customer care for warranty issues is not a strength of Silhouette America. I emailed Support to explain my Cameo issue and detailed the steps I took to troubleshoot the problem. Since the machine suddenly would not power on, I tried a new electrical outlet. I also tried another cord for the Cameo adapter. Neither worked. I do not think Support even fully read my email because they responded with troubleshooting suggestions that I already detailed having tried. After several more emails over a couple of days, they finally ordered a replacement adapter. Even though I do not think the adapter is the problem, I'll gladly try it IF IT WILL EVER ARRIVE. I'm pretty sure I will be in this warranty service black hole for a while since I feel strongly that the adpater is not going to be the issue. I wonder what part they will want to try next. Why not send a replacement machine as a first solution, especially for a machine that is only 3 months old?

Two days ago I requested a tracking number or shipping information for the replacement adapter. The response was simply ""replacement typically takes 10 business days."" Again, they apparently do not read the text of an email at all.

I really liked the Cameo when it was working. However, I am very disappointed with the lack of customer focus within the support department. I do not feel valued as a customer at all. I think customer service on a warranty issue should be taken seriously and urgently but apparently Silhouette America does not agree as this seems to be a problem that others have experienced as well.

In short, if you are cool with paying close to $300 for a machine to work for possibly 3 months and then receiving crappy customer service on your warranty, buy a Cameo. You'll love it for the 3 months that it works."
Wow! What Else is there to say?? I LOVE this machine!!! It rocks!!!
"Wow! I have a 48"" Vynil Cutter, but can only do so much. You can do more with this machine but limited to its size."
"http://s15.zetaboards.com/Silhouette_Plus/index/
Here is a forum for all kinds of things you will need to know about the Silhouette Cameo or any of their other models.  There is so much information on all kinds of functions and the use of the software.  I use my silhouette for Vinyl only but have tried other things as well and like anything, you have to be patient and take your time and learn the machine and the software.

DoodlingDebbie is a wizard with the software and the machine.  She has all kinds of Videos on YouTube and she has pulled my behind out of the fire several time.  I am certain if you slowed down and give this machine a chance you will learn to love it the more you use it."
"Fantastic product, works great and great quality"
"Thank you Prime, ordered on Thursday, got it today, Happy 4th of July to ME!!!  :D  Haven't even opened the box yet, but I've used my friends so I know I'm going to enjoy using  this baby at my every whim...  :D  First thing, making labels for wine glasses to give out at a girls night out!  YIP!"
Very good machine.
"This is the most fun I've had crafting in quite a while. I received my Cameo just 2 days ago and I've been using it non-stop since then. I've cut copy paper, cardstock, heavy cardstock, and vinyl. The only problems I've had have been user error:  once I didn't have the cutter pushed all the way into the holder and it took me a while to figure out why it wasn't cutting anything. Once I figured it out, it was off and running again. I'm learning more and more about it's capabilities and cannot wait to continue this new crafting adventure. If you're thinking of purchasing a cutting machine, the Silhouette Cameo is easy to use and fun. I'm looking forward to learning more about the software and the machine. I've never used any other cutting machine, so I can't compare it, but I'm very happy with this purchase."
I love my silhouette. I bought it when it was the deal of the day and I could not have received a better deal.
Good
We love our Cameo!  My husband has been vinyl making like crazy since we got it!
"I absolutely love my Cameo. It works perfectly for cutting out the vinyl decals I need to make items for my small business. I really don't have any complaints except the vinyl that it comes with isn't that great and it makes quite a bit of noise (as expected). Overall, a wonderful purchase. I recommend it to all crafters."
This is a great machine. I use it to cut stencils for airbrush work and also cutting decals. It is very versatile and can do a wide range of tasks.
100% Satisfied
"Good investment, very complete for the total cost as it brings several accessories like you needed to create your designs."
"machine is wonderful BUT it states you get 100 free designs. NOT TRUE. You only get 50. You only get 100 if you had the previous machine.
 Silhouette will not add another 50.
Still please with my purchase, just not the typo."
"Love it!!
This is my second machine and although I didn't need another one, the price was
too good to pass up!
I love that I am able to use and create my own designs, I'm not stuck paying for cartridges or renting a place/designs to make things that I want and the bonus is that I don't have to be online to create or cut anything!!
I can not wait for the Curio, Mint, Silhouette Cloud and the app for iOS and Android devices to come out!"
My new favorite craft toys!  It is amazing!
I love my cameo! I use it weekly!
"This cameo saved me a lot of money for my son's birthday party!  We had a Mickey Mouse theme party and we just found photos online and the cameo cut it great!  It was like you bought from the stores!  Vinyls were great and easy to use.  You can watch tutorials on youtube.com and start using it!  It is a fun product for arts and crafts!  I've recently bought is product and used it so much that I bought adhesive spray for the cutting mat.  I think I might need to buy a new mat.  It is well worth the price!  Now, I'm working on putting it on stickers on my Hydroflask!  There are so much you can do with the cameo that you need to get one to experience it!  Love this product!"
"I love my silhouette! And I love this bundle. They only thing wrong were the blades. I received two of these with my Silhouette Bundle. The first one was so sharp that it cut my mat at 2. The second one was good with the presets advised by the program however, has lost its sharpness in two weeks. We are stuck with buying this blade but they should really look to 1. Make all blades uniform 2. Make them last longer than they are lasting now."
"Love my Silhouette Cameo, but the $25.00 gift card says invalid number, therefore I cannot activate the card. Would like for the seller to send another gift card for $25.00.
Thanks,
Carol"
"We use the Silhouette to cut out stickers and tags maybe three times a month. We had one before that completely died after two years, so I explored other options because I hadn't been happy with the Silhouette when it actually did work. We got a Cricut Explore, but as happy as I was with the way it worked, it just didn't use enough of a piece of paper to be efficient. So I begrudgingly ordered another Silhouette. It didn't work at all. When I installed it, it wouldn't register as on to any computer. So I (even more begrudgingly) ordered a replacement Silhouette. It works most of the time, but not always. Often it will cut two sheets fine and then stop connecting. It hardly ever cuts all the way through a piece of card stock, even when I have the blade on (or past) the proper setting. When it cuts out stickers, it never smooth and it hardly ever cuts like it's calibrated correctly, even after I re-calibrate it. Often when the Silhouette fails I've had to cut out 100-200 2"" scalloped circles by hand. The blade also dulls so quickly. I'm also not a fan of the software; it's difficult to use (this coming from someone who uses other design software daily) and gets dreadfully slow whenever you start to put a normal amount of elements on a page.

If I had any other option, I would take it."
My cameo helps me a lot !!!
Love my new cameo!
Excellent product. Delivery was exceptional and I had no problems!!
My daughter loves her birthday present!
i absolutely love my machine. my only complaint is that the mat that came with the machine was dry. it was not sticky at all. i had to go to hobby lobby and buy a mat that actually stuck.
GREAT!!!!
bought for my daughter...she loves it!1
great deal and love the machine!
"Love this silhouette. I waited and researched for 2 years before finally purchasing. Glad I choose this over the cricket. I love the freedom of designing things that aren't available in the store or on a cartridge like you would have to have with a cricket.  So fast I have made cards, 3d invitations,and tshirt stencils. There is a learning curve but to me for the freedom of design it is well worth it. I've even purchased some cut templates on etsy to use on the silhouette program. Others have offs to pay me to make them some of the things I have designed on here."
"I'm so glad I got the starter bundle. I love this machine way better than my ancient Cricut, and having several tools and pens and stuff come with it meant I had everything I needed to start using it right away. Great deal."
I bought this for my wife's birthday and she loves it.
This newer version of the cameo is literally 30 seconds faster in cutting than the last generation! I couldn't believe it and with the roll holder I can more easily use rolls of material. Love it!
Awesome!
Best crafting machine out there
"Silhouette needs to start marketing this device to guys as well as ladies.  They should make one with a black case and come up with a bunch of cool graphics for guys.  I was recently in an industrial shop and they had one they were using to cut masking for an electroplating operation.

I'm not much into crafting, but I had been looking at vinyl cutters for some time for making replacement stickers and logos for garage projects - equipment I've been restoring, warning stickers, instruction sheets, signs, etc.  I picked this up on Amazon on sale, and I've been pretty happy with it so far.  I also bought a sample pack of vinyl in assorted colors, and the cut and print mat, which I haven't gotten to use yet.

So far I've made a few projects out of vinyl:  Made new registration numbers for a boat.  They look great.  I made some replacement notification and warning stickers for a forklift I repainted.  I didn't have the exact duplicate font, but you wouldn't know the difference if you didn't see them side my side.  I bought some flame patterns and made some flame stickers for a small project.  I'm working on a sign project.  I'm going to buy some stencil material and make a couple of stencils.

I find there is some learning curve to the machine.  At first  I couldn't get it to cut vinyl at all. I couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong.  Turns out I had the blade cartridge in upside down, which is not as stupid as it sounds.  It has a slot in the holder and a corresponding feature on the blade holder that fits into the slot perfectly that makes it look like the blade is made to go in upside down.

After I got the machine working, I had to learn to ""weed"" the vinyl and put the design on transfer tape.  I trashed a couple of designs learning to do this.  I still need to work on registering two color projects better.

I really like the machine - it's simple, easy to use and works well. You stick the vinyl onto the cut mat and load the mat into the machine and it cuts perfectly.  My only minor complaint is that it seems to be a bit noisy..

I'm not as enamored with the Silhouette Studio software that comes with the cameo.  Perhaps I haven't used it enough yet, but I find that it doesn't seem to be as easy to use or intuitive as I would have liked.  Editing words and letters seems to be a bit cumbersome compared to other graphics programs.  I have had trouble importing graphics into the software.  It seems to lack compatibility with drag and drop on the Mac I've been using it on.  I've had to paste graphics into another program - like Powerpoint - then save them into a JPEG file then import them into the silhouette software.

I think they must make it difficult  to import graphics because they want you to buy their graphics from their online store.  The machine comes with some free downloads from the store, but given the craft orientation of everything on the webpage and all the marketing materials - butterflies and leaves and soccer balls -  I figure there is nothing there I would be interested in, so I haven't even logged onto it.

I also had a glitch when I was wanting to learn to use registration marks on my vinyl, and the machine seemed to think I had registration marks on the cut mat - and kept giving me an error when I loaded the mat.  I couldn't seem to get it to reset even after I had turned off that registration feature - I finally had to shut the software off and turn it back on again, as well as cycle the machine to get it to shut that feature off.

Like most devices these days, the manual only gives the basics.  I haven't figured out if there is a more comprehensive manual or not, but I haven't found one yet.

OK, so that's it.  Great machine, software is a little difficult to learn."
"The machine is easy to use and to manage, even for a first-timer in the cutting-machines world like me. However, the Silhouette Studio software is full of flaws and bugs and this is a real con to me. This is especially annoying when you put a 6-dollar worth of vinyl into it and loose it because the machine did not cut it properly!

My jobs, especially the more lenghty and intricated ones, tend to often stop in the middle of the job. Memory capacity issue? I have the latest generation 2015 1.7 GHz i7 MacBook Air, so the issue is on the Silhouette Cameo side. Some parts of the designs do not get cut at all and sometimes, the machine just restarts cutting by itself after the mat has been unloaded. Even if this machine has a great potential, it still needs to be improved!"
"Its great once you get it working. Definite learning curve. My only gripe is the PITA to feed vinyl into it. The rollers should be rubber like normal printers, not hard plastic that can crease the material. I may have to take this thing apart and apply some plastidip to them..."
In love with cameothank you!!!
This machine meet my expectations and it is easy to use.
Good deal with all the accessories. Great product
This thing is sooooo AWESOME.
I bought the Silhouette Cameo as a birthday gift for my daughter. She LOVES it!
love it!!! It meets and exceeds all my expectations. :)
Such a fantastic deal for such an awesome product.  When I saw the deal on line I was surprised at the price.  I have not seen it this low with so many extras.  You just can't beat the cameo either.  I have used this everyday since purchasing this and still works as if it is brand new.  The things you can create with this machine are only limited to your imagination.  I would and I have recommended this to many of my friends.
"I cannot get the dang thing to cut correctly. The mat goes all over the stinking place. Seriously, I thought I would love this machine. Its a headache right now. AND the mat is super sticky and ripped my paper!"
This was a such a great deal
Fast ship great price exactly what I needed.
After having the Silhouette SD for many years I decided to finally upgrade to the Cameo. I had planned to wait for the Curio but I don't like the fact that they cutting space is going back down to the SD size. Sooo happy I finally bit the bullet and purchased this item. I am in love! The cuts are smooth and it is much quieter. Highly recommend this machine.
This machine has changed my life. I love it. cant imagine doing things without it. Wish i could have waited for the curio to come out but i couldnt. i still might get it anyway
"Machine is working great, wasn't pleased with sketch pens however -- a couple of them won't work!"
Do NOT hesitate for one-second to purchase this excellent piece of equipment!
"we bought this to make materials for our children and youth programs at the library, the children's coordinator just loves it and she doesnt
have to cut out this with scissors any more
Sandy Friends of the Library"
Great package to get started
"I think the machine is going to work out okay, but, the designer software that comes with it, is worthless.  After you receive the item, then your told that you need to upgrade the software, what you get is enough to print a picture on your own printer.  If your thinking about buying one of these cutters, plan on spending another $50 to a $100 for decent designer software."
It didn't even work out of the box. Don't buy this.
this machine is awesome. I only wish i had purchased it years ago.
"Not very intuitive to use if you are not familiar with computers, but works very well. It does very intricate lace designs with ease. The sound it makes can be alarming, but I'm getting used to it."
It's AWESOME!! Don't know how I've done without it !
Awesome
Love it
Very useful
"I love this machine! I upgraded from a Silhouette SD, and the Cameo does everything I need! It took some getting used to, but even tiny designs cut well and I love the print and cut and sketch options."
amazing product at a great price.
Love my cameo!!
"Bought this for my wife, she loves it. Little more difficult to use than a cricuit due to its more advanced features but not overwhelming or hard to learn."
I was so excited to use my new machine!
"I have such mixed emotions about this machine even after using it for approx a year.  I love that you can buy so many designs from their store for very reasonable prices (especially considering the prices of dies for manual die cutting machines).  Having said that, I find the machine so frustrating.  I have ruined so many beautiful pieces of paper with this machine.  It seems I get two pages cut well and then the next papers will be destroyed.  With blades running  over $7 a pop, it seems I should be able to get more than two pages worth of cutting from each blade. Another annoyance comes with cutting intricate designs.  The Silhouette store offers some beautiful lacy designs - unfortunately, more often than not, the designs are either not cut precisely or tear in the process of removing them from the sticky mat.  I want to love this machine but find I'm using my Big Shot more and more simply because I know I won't ruin my papers with it, and the designs, though not as intricate, will always be cut well.  I wouldn't spend the money to buy this again and I am not even sure I will keep the one I do have - it seems to be more frustrating than enjoyable to use."
I am in love with my Silhouette! The possibilities are endless!
"I bought my cameo several years ago, but didn't use it for 2 years because it just seemed too complicated.  Once I had time to really study the machine and learn to use it (through you tube videos) I was able to use it for approximately 8 cutting projects when it stopped working.  Now all I get is the message Can Not Connect to Silhouette.

I have called and emailed Customer Service weekly for the past 2 months and have received no help.  They say it is a problem with my computer, so I loaded the software on a different computer, but still get the same message, so this is a problem with the Cameo not the computer as Customer Service continues to tell me.

Apparently there is no recourse if your machine does not work, nor do they seem to have a way to repair a machine.

I have contacted the Better Business Bureau in Utah to let them know of my situation."
"Love, love, love this machine. I did a lot of research before buying it. I can't wait until the new one comes out in the fall. The one that comes out in the fall does embossing too! I would have waited but I needed it for the fabric patches now.

I bought it to cut fabric patches. But am using it for so much more. It takes a bit to get use to. But if you know basic photo shop, you'll figure it out."
use it and found it to be fairy easy to use.  Printed an image and it cut it out with accuracy.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!!
"Love this device! I had the portrait, but quickly realized that I needed the bigger machine. This was a great purchase!"
"Fantastic!  I purchased this for my wife's birthday, and she loves it!  The starter bundle provided a few extras that we didn't have to go out and buy.  That was helpful.  Neat machine!"
Timely delivery and works great
I LOVE my silhouette. The fact that we don't have to purchase cartridges and can use images = awesome.
"I returned it.  I could not figure it out. There was lots of support available.  I just didn't get it.
My friends swear by theirs"
Having so much fun with it.  I keep looking for more projects to do.
I love this machine. It's an endless road of what you can do. Super fast delivery.
Excellent
"This is a great machine and performs well -- once you figure it out!  The directions are scanty to say the least.  However there are plenty of forums on the net to help answer your questions.  I missed one key point -- KEEP YOUR DESIGN INSIDE THE REGISTRATION MARKS< EVEN THE WHITE CORNERS!  Once I got that from the forums two weeks of frustration were ended and it cuts beautifully.  I use it for papercraft automata models where precision cutting is critical and it is a big help.  It gets five stars for performance, 1 star for directions."
"Love, love, love, my machine"
"Love this new maching, it does everything we needed it too for our small business!"
A compact professional machine. With Silhouette Connect software with Illustrator its really a powerhouse. Its just a small version of the great work that graphteck America puts into their professional line.
"I got the machine as a gold box deal and have used it the past three weeks. I found it intuitive to use and have done many projects successfully on it. All was fine until I went to use it today and it won't turn on (checked power supply, used different outlet, etc). Since I am still in returnable window, I will exchange it for a new machine. Hopefully this one is just a lemon and I can get back to projects soon."
My wife happy when she get the machine and she start doing new designe .
"excelent, very very good."
"The first time I used it, it cut straight through the paper I was using (I don't remember what the paper/setting was.

The second time I tried doing a print then cut. It took an hour of fiddling with it for it to read the registration marks, it kept saying registration failed and I had to keep unloading and loading it over and over for it to finally read it. I was trying to do stickers, but for whatever reason, even though I had the blade at the right setting (2), and was using Silhouette brand sticker paper, it did not work well at all. It cut straight through the backing of the sticker paper and made it really hard to get all the stickers off. It was supposed to only cut the sticker and leave the backing alone. I was very upset."
"FABULOUS!!
Wished I hadn't waited so long to purchase one.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I personally
would have liked an instruction booklet, if for nothing else
to explain what the different functions actually do---like
compound path
release compound path etc.
I'm a novice at this, but with the help of you tube, I'm learning.
The program that comes with this is very powerful and once
you learn, there's nothing you can't do.
Love, Love. Love it!!"
Love it.
"Excellent product! A bit daunting if you've never used anything like it before, but it took me minimal trial and error to work it out. Now it is fun and amazing projects all the time!"
love it.
"Haven't had the machine very long so my experience is low.  I printed the instruction manual , couldn't find answer to my problem.  I was finally able to get my questions answered for problems I was having.  If you have questions go ahead and send an email, because you will never, never get anyone on the phone.  The email was pretty quick actually, I was surprised.
Already I like it much better than the Cricut machine I own.
Will update my review after I have had a chance to play with this new toy ."
Did not work. Wouldn't recommend purchasing this.
"Awesome little cutting machine.  It needs a more complete user manual for the software that accompanies the cutter.  All and all it works very nicely.  I use it to cut transfer stickers.  It cuts very exact.  The only issue I found was that sometimes the cutting mat slips and does not feed correctly, causing the cutter to misalign with the printed graphic as it is cutting.  Other than that, for the price, it is awesome."
received. Works great. I love this thing
"I'm sure everything is great with this product but, She has not taken it out of the box yet. She will get around to one day. Hahaha.  Thank You."
Bought for a granddaughter.  She is very pleased with all the options and uses it all the time.
"I bought it because I like the Scan and cut feature .... Unfortunately the few things I wanted to cut have very little contrast from design to background so the tracing is AWFUL!  That and the whole process of taking a picture, sending it to my email, opening it up, tracing (over and over) is WAAAAY more work than what the video would have you believe!  I will NOT be using that function, ever!  I bought a Cricut just a month before and it is 10 times better!  The only reason I am keeping the Silhouette is that I really do like the patterns available for the machine much more than what Cricut offers.

Oh! another thing I hate is that it only has a cutting blade, not a scoring tool so the only way to have score lines is with a perforated cut.. HATE THAT!  So, I have two brand new cutters and I use both depending on what I want to cut.

 If you only have the $ for one I would recommend the Cricut.  The software is more intuitive and you can cut & score without stopping the machine... or cut and draw (write) without stopping the machine.  (the pen and score tool go into the same carrier).

I guess to be fair, if I had gotten the Silhouette first I may like if more than I do but ... because I do have both I KNOW that the Cricut is a FAR BETTER machine!"
"Very powerful software for the price.  It amazing how many things this can be used for.  Wife uses it for scrapbooking, I use it to create vinyl stencils for  signs."
This is seriously the best thing I have ever purchased. I use my cameo daily and love it!!
"This machine was a new experience for me. There is a learning curve with the mechanics of the Cameo itself AND the software. I am pretty comfortable with new programs - and I was able to start simple projects with relative ease. I also found the Silhouette support to be excellent. I promptly received a detailed explanation that answered my question with directions that were easy to follow. Some of my failures are on me. Don't put anything behind the machine and expect it to cut a straight line!!! It is noisy - especially when there is a perforated line in the file. My experience is limited to paper so far. I recently attempted to cut fancy sparkled card stock. I readjusted the knife as directed, but only the top layers were actually cut. I was able to use the spatula to remove many of the pieces from the backing, but now I will increase the blade setting a bit above the recommended number for the specialty papers. I have used the Pix Scan feature to cut a  piece done with Copic markers. It works well - but there has to be adequate light in your photograph - so use more artificial light or better still, natural light and take several shots to avoid repeating the process. The print and cut is also fun - I have had some difficulty getting consistent margins around the shapes, but my experience is limited. The Silhouette sketch pens add another option that I find really useful. You can add text to a shape with the pens then cut the actual shape with the text perfectly positioned.  There are many fonts to choose from included in the machine, and there are fonts available in the design studio. That is a big step up from trying to position the die in just the right place for cutting around the text. The design studio is like a big candy store for card makers! The ability to create a wish list is a big plus. When I am watching the Red Sox lose I can browse the thousands of patterns to add to my wishlist that is then available when I need to purchase a particular file without searching. I am looking forward to cutting fabric for quilting. I also will experiment with the vinyl starter kit. I am enjoying the Cameo and  it is a lot of fun to use with grand-kids! I am happy to recommend this machine, however, my previous experience is limited to my Bigshot - so I am unable to compare the Cameo with the other digital cutting machines."
Not able to get it up and working
all ok.
I love love love my Cameo so so so much. This is definitely an amazing machine and can do so much. I had it for 3 months bc I got the courage to use it bc it seemed so intimidating BUT I regret waiting that long. Just watch videos on Youtube and it's very user friendly as long as you have common sense. I think I love this more than mu embroidery machine!
Wonderful product.
Love it
"could not cut a fine pattern without tearing the paper. did not replace the machine, I do not if it was operator error or the machine will try again in a year or so with a new machine"
"Love love love my Silhouette Cameo. The possibilities are endless.
So easy to set up and get right to creating."
"Happy, happy, happy :)"
Great improvement on the Portrait. Love the touch screen.  The vinyl cutter on the back of the machine is great for making square cuts. Also adjustable so you can still use the smaller rolls of vinyl which is extremely helpful.
great.
Love it! Great for beginners! Can't stop using it
Love it love it love it !!!!!
Gf loves it
"Amazing , thank you"
Love the machine
I have wanted one of these for a long time and finally broke down and bought one during one of Amazons Deal of the Day.  I love it....I'm still learning but the facebook groups are very helpful when you hit a stumbling block.  I made my first cut the night I got it and it was easy to understand.  Looking forward to learning how to do more.
Wife loves it.
"The most difficult thing about this must-have equipment is deciding what to make! Tutorials and ideas abound online so the learning curve isn't an issue. Tricks and 'hacks' are readily available as well, for a little money saving on supplies. I only regret not purchasing one sooner!"
Love it!
The Silhouette is everything I hoped it would. Easy to set up and operate.
I've been so happy with my  product. It was a great price and fast delivery. I will buy again in the near future.
"Great vinyl plotter. The software is pretty easy. There are a ton of how-to videos on YouTube to answer any questions you may have. We have done T-shirt designs, wall art & window decals and they all look professionally done. If you are after a vinyl cutter, look no further!"
Loving It
I love this machine! It makes pop up cards fun again. I have not had any difficulty and I I think it's because I watch the videos on YouTube.
Really a good buy. Bought it for my printing business and I am happy with the ease of setup and with the use of the software.
"I purchased this product to do strictly stencils as I do a lot of wood wall hangings and other wood projects.  I was super excited having read the reviews and was somewhat disappointed when I began using the product.  For starters, the vinyl is super flimsy (same with purchased vinyl) and not reusable, which basically means you have to go into the software every time you want to do a project using the same shapes and letters use previously used.  Perhaps this is one of the many marketing strategies Silhouette uses to make money.  Oh yeah, and the software is incredibly difficult to learn and use.  Having a Masters degree in IT, I struggled to do the most basic tasks and was extremely disappointed with the online tutorials.  The tutorials are entirely too long and don't get to the point.  In other words, I simply want to use a shape to cut a stencil and the tutorials are very wordy and slow thus making the process frustrating when I'm already aggravated with the software.  For the price, I think they could put more into the software thus making it easy to use....perhaps follow popular software brands by using wizards.  Also, the machine doesn't cut vinyl worth reusing anyhow.  For example, I bought plastic file folders from staples because I couldn't find any reusable stencil material anywhere and the blade barely penetrated the surface with the double cut feature and highest blade setting."
"I love this product,it does everything I want and more!"
Good
"Best investment I ever made.  I love stencils but cant normally afford them as I live in NZ and it costs more to get them into the country than it does to purchase them.  For a ""small"" outlay in the beginning for the machine and some plastic file dividers from the dollar store, I can turn anything I want into a stencil. The more I look into its capabilites the more I am totally stoked with the machine."
I love this machine!!!!! It has far exceeded my expectations!!! I highly recommend this for anyone looking for some to cut vinyl for signs and cups!!
Love it!
"Love, love my new cameo, good by to my old cutter you lil bug bye bye."
"Holy moly!! This machine, while touted as being the best things ever, does not come with decent instructions at all! I have done a lot of print shop type programs over the years so I am no stranger to working with clip art, etc.
The screen is pretty complicated and hard to figure out. You definitely cannot ""plug and play"" with this unit. I have ruined several pieces of vinyl trying to print and then peel the lettering.  So yes, there is a learning curve on this product. Even following youtube tutorials to the letter hasn't helped so far. Bottom line, if you spend your hard-earned cash on this product, be prepared for a lot of online and pinterest searching to figure out how to use it properly. I am not ready to throw in the towel yet, but  I am close !"
Very easy to use love the fonts and that I don't have to deal with any dyes/cartilages.
Very upset. Paid 269. For mine instead of 199.00 and still have to buy designer edition
"some connection issues. would like to be able to save any image, software could be better"
I love it. So worth the money.
We absolutely love it.
Wife is very happy with it. As the saying goes happy wife happy life
"OMG get this machine!  It's so awesome!  It cuts a variety of things from paper to sugar sheets for cakes (the sugar sheets is kind of a ""hack"" project though.  It's not recommended by the manufacturer because this machine isn't set up as 'food safe' but seriously... it works).  I got this as a gift from my friend because it had been on my wish list FOREVER and I have to say it is the nicest gift I'd ever received from anyone.  I love that I can cut my own customized vinyl stickers to put on cars or even tumblers as presents for my children's teachers.  They were so thrilled to see the tumblers with their names on them!!  I can also cut out iron-on transfers and decorate shirts for things like baby showers or team events.  So fun!  The other thing I can do is make all sorts of scrapbooking thing-a-ma-bobbers with their pretty designs from the Silhouette store.  It also draws!  You really can't go wrong with this machine. It's so awesome because of how much customization you can do with your images.  Now as a comparison for the Cricut, it's really a personal preference thing.  The reason why I chose the Silhouette over the Cricut is that it doesn't require an internet connection.  My internet connection is really intermittent because of where I live.  Other than that, this is a great machine and worth buying!  The kit is super nice because you don't have to waste time trying to figure out which pieces you should buy and so on.  The software is super easy to use (I didn't have an instruction manual as it was a used machine and kinda just winged it but it worked out great).  There are also plenty of videos online from the Silhouette company themselves that you can watch if you need more assistance.  I've learned everything from those videos and playing around with the easy-to-use software.  BUY IT!!!!!!!  I'm such a super fan!"
good price for shipping to Saudi Arabia Thanks
"The cameo is great.  I have been wanting one for years and finally it was a lightening deal.  I have cut vinyl, contact paper, and card stock. So far all the projects I've done have been glass etching or vinyl on glass. It works great and the best thing is you can make your own designs, or load clipart from the internet.  The possibilities are endless."
"Cuts great. it is a bit noisy, but that was to be expected. I use contact paper/shelf line for a less expensive alternative to the vinyl."
Great product
I bought this for someone else and they use it like crazy and love it and create a lot !
"I love this machine!  It cuts great, and there is so much you can do with it.  I've only scratched the surface.  I love that it came with an extra mat and blade.  Very handy."
Does an awesome job!
"This is such a great deal, and everything came exactly like it indicated it would. Great product."
This is the best cutting machine out there.
The best machine on the market.  This is my second silhouette and I find new ways to use this tool all the time.  A wonderful tool to have!
It has exceeded my expectations greatly. The turnaround time and the product as well.
"It's great, I love it."
Looove it
I bought this for my wife about a month ago to help with her etsy shop www.bournesouthern.etsy.com and she absolutely loves it. We were worried about her learning the software but it was super easy and it took her about a week to get really good with with it. I highly recommend this.
This was exactly what I was expecting to get.  I am very pleased with my purchase. The silhouette was shipped and received quickly.
The Cameo Silhouette speaks for itself
"The Silhouette Studio design program is horrible! It's extremely slow!! The Silhouette Cameo machine itself cuts fine but it takes me forever just to create my images in their program. After looking online for solutions, it looks like this is a common issue. I don't know why they have not fixed this yet. I'll either look for other design programs that is compatible with this cutter or I might just scrap this cutter altogether. I just cannot stand their program anymore."
LOVE LOVE LOVE  ! Came on time and was exactly like it was shown..
Great product! I'm having so much fun crafting.
"I absolutely love this machine! It did take me a few try's to get used to it, but now I'm always finding new things to cut "
I purchased this machine on 2/6/2015. On 4/15 the LCD screen went bad. I called the company who will replace the  item that is under warranty however I have to pay to have it shipped to them even though it's not my fault and the product was faulty. I'm very unhappy with ther service and lack of support. This is my second machine and I loved my first one.
"I LOVE my new cameo! I've already made several custom shirts and they turned out awesome! Of course there's a learning curve to working with it, but it isn't too hard. There are some great facebook groups you can join too."
Works great! Very pleased!
Would purchase again
Quick delivery! Very pleased.
"Setting up the Silhouette Cameo right out of the box is a pretty straight forward procedure. The User Guide for the setup is simple to follow. That's the plus, now for the negative. The complete user manual, which you can download from the internet, really needs work.  If you're a beginner to using electronic cutting machines and not familiar with the graphic terminology and when to use these options, you  may feel like putting everything back in the box.  Having worked in the IT field with graphics and IT, I know it's a huge effort to craft a manual that can be appreciated by beginners and experienced users alike.  I always  found the ""cook book"" approach to manual writing seemed to work best (especially for beginners).  The frustration level goes way down when people are given step by step instructions on how and why to perform a procedure.

I was able to find some helpful Youtube videos but, to my disappointment, the procedures they used did not work well with the Cameo. I finally sent an email to Silhouette's customer service and they were able to provide me with the info I needed.  I just hope I don't have to email them every time I try something new.  The learning curve is a bit steeper than I expected, but, I'm up for the challenge."
The wife loves it. More fishing time for me.
"Excellent, Fast delivery. Everything was new and as promised. The price was the best I found.
Thanks!"
"Great vinyl plotter. The software is pretty easy. There are a ton of how-to videos on YouTube to answer any questions you may have. We have done T-shirt designs, wall art & window decals and they all look professionally done. If you are after a vinyl cutter, look no further!"
Cameo is a great machine.  The user needs a one on one tutorial to figure it all out  I can't wait to be able to work with my cameo and create fun items!
Great so far! I cant wait to make many projects in the future
"Be prepared to have a lot of patience and to waste a lot of paper and ink.......The software is AWFUL and takes up a lot so much cpu/ram (whatever it's called) that it makes my itunes skip. I get really pissy having to put the mat in over and over again because it rejects my registration marks (more often than not, it rejects them) and when it doesn't, the cut is off enough that it irks me and I have to do the whole thing over again."
"Be prepared to have a lot of patience and to waste a lot of paper and ink.......The software is AWFUL and takes up a lot so much cpu/ram (whatever it's called) that it makes my itunes skip. I get really pissy having to put the mat in over and over again because it rejects my registration marks (more often than not, it rejects them) and when it doesn't, the cut is off enough that it irks me and I have to do the whole thing over again."
"I had an old Sizzix Big Red machine with a dozen little dies. Being the oldest of the big machines, it was outdated and couldn't use 90% of all the dies and shapes I was seeing out there, so I decided to upgrade to an electronic cutting machine. I am so glad I went with the Silhouette instead of Cricut/ProvoCraft.

I love love LOVE this little machine! As a graphic designer, the software is intuitive, but I can see how it might be intimidating for new users because there is a definite lack of instruction on learning the ins and outs of the software. There are loads of tutorials online and videos on Youtube that can help decipher a lot of the features.

Cuts like a breeze, love the designs that are available in the Silhouette store and the fact that I can trace and create just about any of my own designs as long as I can scan them or take a photo of them (I do a lot of Zentangles and doodling, and the shapes I end up with make great cut files). And not having to keep up with any more dies (or cartridges) is a blessing too!

I've just discovered that this can cut stamp material, and engrave thin metals with the right adapters. I am totally in love with this thing. My husband is getting jealous of it!

So glad I went with this little machine instead of the Cricut machine."
I had the Silhouette SD for several years and used it from time to time.  Am loving the ease of the touch screen Cameo!  Highly recommend.
I bought this primarily for use for vinyl sticker work. I've ran various grades of vinyl and it works like a dream!
LOVE IT!!
I love it!
Wish I would have bought one sooner!
Love this machine
Love it!!!
Machine is louder than I expected.  Otherwise I like it.easy to us.
too hard to use and it gets jammed all the time.
"I love my new Silhouette, I can't wait to start all my projects!"
"Great Machine. well used already, no problems. Great delivery!"
This machine is everything I hoped for and more!!
awesome bundle and cool product arrived safe and fast in NZ
"Super fun!  Easy to use and there is a
lot of videos on how to's.  I got this Silhouette Cameo as a test machine to see if decals and such would be a good addition to our business.  For the price, you cannot beat it.  It does so much and is fun to use!"
"I have used this for a small and large projects over the last 3 months. I have used it for paper crafts, vinyl, and heath transfer. All in all, this machine is neat. It is very noisy though and there are some bugs within the software that need to be fixed. I recently completed invitations and programs for a large 475 person ceremony using the Cameo.

I have run into many issues using this machine and it tends to make erroneous cuts after 40-60 mins of use even after checking the blade, replacing the blade, checking and adjusting the settings, changing out the cutting mat, and even resetting the machine.

I dislike that Silhouette cutting mats are so expensive and that you must use them for Print-and-Cut projects. I have tried using Circut mats, but there are issues with reading the registration marks. For non PnC projects, I like using the Cricut mats because they are easier to load.

Overall, I like the machine, but its only good for small projects and light use."
Love my cameo!!
My new best freind
Excellent. Everything arrived just as described. Love the machine
Poor directions included. Oh wait no directions included. You learn how to use this machine by watching YouTube. Almost threw this machine out in the yard more than once. Software very hard to load. No instructions
Well thought out starter set.
Excellent product!
"The Cutter and software are not bad, when they work.  You have to treat the thing with kid gloves, be patient, and make sure to have enough blades and material on hand for inevitable issues.

Unfortunately, the software has a number of quirks that are NOT mentioned in the very short manual.  I have contacted ""support"" about these issues, and every single time I have received replies that didn't work, or blamed me, or answered a completely different question with something pasted straight out of the manual.  The ""support"" is absolutely maddening, so buyer beware.  Happily, there are a lot of other users out there who have solutions for most of the issues.  And there are workarounds for some of the other issues.

Software issues I have encountered:
1. ""Free designs"" didn't download as expected.

""Support"" told me to turn on the software and plug in the machine and they should download automatically.  (Never mind that I had tried that, MANY TIMES, before contacting them).  When I told them this didn't work, they only regurgitated the original answer.  It took lots of trial and error to finally get it to happen, and even now I'm not sure what I did.

2. Cutter stops cutting on the edge of my design, even if I ensure the edge of the design is well inside the cutting boundary.

""Support"" gave me instructions which made absolutely zero sense, in one case telling me to delete a folder, resulting in the Software failing to start.  In another case they gave me instructions to look for a nonexistent path on my computer.  They obviously have no idea what they're doing, to say the very least.  A blogger finally suggested I revert to the previous version of the software.  I found a different workaround on my own: adding an extra outline around the outside of my design, so that if anything fails to cut, it would be the extra outline instead of the actual design.  Bottom line: ""Support"" again did not live up to its name.

3. I am in the process of changing computers.  I saw that there was an ""Export Library"" and ""Import library"" function.  The export went fine.  However, the Import asks for my design store password, then doesn't recognize my password.

The reply I got from ""support"" was to check my password and try again.  Again, I already did that several times, in so many ways, and I used the same password to sign in to the design store on both computers to verify it was the correct password.  The function simply DOES NOT WORK.  They finally gave me a gibberish response about how my free designs (you know, the ones that didn't come through in issue #1) would automatically load, and I could individually re-download my purchased designs.  They ignored the issue with the ""Import Library"" function altogether.

So, buyer beware, if you have a computer problem, you will lose any designs that can't be re-downloaded from the design store.  I have found this is the case even with some designs I have purchased.  I am now in the process of copying all of the designs in my library to individual studio3 files so I can just copy them to my other machine."
excellent
Love it!! Works perfectly
Love this machine!!!  Works as expected. The possibilities are endless.
Love it
This is a great deal and I love the cameo machine!!! Not one regret!!!!
Awesome machine! It will take me a while to learn everything that it is capable of doing.
Returned
"I was excited about the purchase. But when I received my order, I found my machine to not work properly.  I've called the company to get support. I don't receive a response."
Love this. My package came and it was like Christmas morning in my home. Came with everything I needed to get started.
I am in love with this product!  You can make so many things with it. Best cutter ever!
"This is the most amazing machine. I cannot get over all that it is capable of. I was able to snag this on a lighting deal which was great considering I had been looking for months and you can NEVER find them on sale. The starter bundle comes with all the TOOLS you need to get started. You will still need to be prepared to purchase whatever media you will be cutting or printing (vinyl, paper, HTV, etc) It also came with a 1 month subscription card for the design store that you can use to purchase items. However, be aware that 1 month does not mean you get unlimited items for that month. It is really a 25 dollar credit which I did not fully understand and I had used up my card a few minutes after I loaded it just downloading images from the store. If you are looking for a cutting machine you cannot go wrong with this one. It is very simple and I was cutting vinyl within minutes of setting everything up."
"This is the most amazing machine.  I cannot get over all that it is capable of.  I was able to snag this on a lighting deal which was great considering I had been looking for months and you can NEVER find them on sale.  The starter bundle comes with all the TOOLS you need to get started.  You will still need to be prepared to purchase whatever media you will be cutting or printing (vinyl, paper, HTV, etc)  It also came with a 1 month subscription card for the design store that you can use to purchase items.  However, be aware that 1 month does not mean you get unlimited items for that month.  It is really a 25 dollar credit which I did not fully understand and I had used up my card a few minutes after I loaded it just downloading images from the store.  If you are looking for a cutting machine you cannot go wrong with this one.  It is very simple and I was cutting vinyl within minutes of setting everything up."
its perfect!
Amazing!
Great product. Getting lots of use out of it for our handcrafted business.
Decent for the home crafter but don't try to complete any delicate cuts.
The Silhouette Cameo is amazing! I feel like a kid that doesn't want to stop playing their video game. So many possibilities and a lot of fun! I would give it 10 stars if I could.
"Love my new Cameo!  My previous professional grade cutter died after 14 years, I've been looking at Cameos for several years.  I'm so glad I purchased this.  It cuts 1/4"" high letters beautifully, even the teeny inside bits of be letters.  I've only cut vinyl with it so far.  I want to get a couple more blades so they are designated for specific materials.  I'm very impressed with the ease of use and design options of both the software and hardware."
I purchased this item 30 days ago (silhouette Cameo) and still can not get it to work..... SMH...
"Love my cameo. Cutting stickers, heat press shirts and paper. Still discovering uses. Starting to do pen and marker adapters too."
"It seems to work great but Silhouette needs to provide better ""how-to's - the site is primarily for marketing the product and very little support information.  If you purchase it, be sure to invest time to ""research"" how it works on different types of media.  Thanks to all our fellow crafters who provide their ideas and tips online."
"Arrived before the date I was expecting, so was very excited, not to create"
"Have tried for the past month to use this machine.... would return it but I unknowingly waited a week beyond the return window now I'm stuck with a very expensive paper weight. Software crashes my computer, communication with the cutter is glitchy. Cuts are not accurate and blades are faulty. Going to buy another brand."
This cutter is tits for small projects
"I love this machine, it was a little intimidating at first, but after a few you tube videos using it is easy and fun!"
I LOVE my new Silhouette. I'm still learning how to use it. =) This bundle comes with $25 gift card that you can use to purchase designs on the Silhouette Design Studio and the Vinyl Kit. =)
"This is a great machine for cutting vinyl and paper, but I cannot believe that the manufacturer does not include any instructions.  You have to go online and watch other users' video tutorials on how to use it.  Ridiculous!  The learning curve is not too bad, if you find decent tutorials, but it's hit or miss.  Once I got the hang of it I was creating vinyl decals without too many problems."
LOVE LOVE LOVEEEE
"LOVE LOVE LOVE my machine!!  I have made so many things so far!! I made so many cute things for my granddaughter's Lalaloopsy party!  If you are considering this machine, I encourage you to go for it. It worked great for print and cut!  That is a big worry for so many people if it cuts well. It cuts like a dream. Happy happy customer!!  I have noticed in the reviews, if someone is not happy with their machine, most the time it's because they don't know how to use it. The instructions with the machine are not good but there are a ton of YouTube videos out there that show you how anyway. I wouldn't trade my Cameo for anything.  When buying a new Cameo, watch that you are getting the NEWEST one. It will have the electronic screen on it and have a cutter on the back and storage for your new blade on the side. :)"
"Gift for my wife, and so far she is absolutely in love. Still trying to figure out all the tricks with the software, but works great.
This thing will however burn through blades as you learn how to use it, so buy some extra."
Received this last week - just started playing with it today - so far so good. Can't wait to have more time to get more comfortable with it.
Got it set it up. All was very easy. Planned out a pennant banner for a retirement party as my first project. Had to modify text to make a stencil look and the software was very easy to manage. I'm a big fan so far.
Awesome. Great product.
Excelente
Very nice
Best thing we have invested in. My wife has been making shirts for everyone.
Excelent
Love it!!!!
"Purchased this for my wife. So far, she only used it a couple of times but said she loves it. Love the Starter Bundle. She already bought more tools and the Designer Edition Software. When we are away from the house, she will tell me...""I miss my Silhouette."""
it was a good choice. Excellent working and includes all what they offer.
Purchased as a gift for my daughter's 11th birthday. Instructions were easy to follow and she has been using it daily!
There was a glitch with my zip code and shipping but the problem was corrected immediately and product arrived in time.
My wife loves the things that this machine can do
<3 Excelent.
Great machine!
I can't get over how much this machine does. I love the starter kit as it gave me just the right things to really get started as soon as I opened the box!
Love my cameo!
"I cannot give an actual review on how awesome it will be, I ordered the silhouette and many extras with it, the machine came as expected, I have watched hours of videos on all the different things this thing can do.
I hooked it up and typed out some words, sent it to the cutter and was amazed at how well it cut, I thought well, time for some vinyl, I made a wall decal and sent it to the cutter after all adjustments, the machine would not do anything right again, the thing would not load. then all hell broke loose.
it started doing things all on its own, it loaded and unloaded by itself, started cutting when nothing was there. after that the screen would only read pause. I called support, went through the motions, they said they have never had one right out of the box do anything like that, gave me a return order # and off it went, all within 3 hours of opening the box, $28 shipping later and up to a 3 week wait after they receive the machine back, its been a week in route, they should receive it today 3/5/15. so when I receive it back in 3 weeks and start using it I will give an actual review.
I'm not disappointed yet, lemons are going to happen on anything.
Update:
My replacement arrived ahead of schedule. Hooked it up and repeated the same projects to see how it preformed. It works like a charm, cut a vinyl wall stencil out of dollar store contact paper. Stencils out of copy paper and used it to silk screen on shirts. Used it with and without the mat. Did everything you could ask for. Will definitely recommend the silhouette cameo. You couldn't ask for anything easier, importing any pic and using the tools to do anything you could imagine. I  make my own cutting mats out of cutting sheets from the dollar store, 2 per pack. Just draw the corner lines in the same amount from the outside and spray with releasable adhesive and let dry a few minutes. Cheap and easy."
"I have enjoyed creating on this machine.. I have no idea what I'm doing but have already created invitations, table decorations, valentine cards,
and vinyl labels for my grandson's furniture!  So excited and can't wait to create more fun things for my grand-daughter"
"I work at a preschool and I have wanted one of these machines for years so glade I bought it. I am starting with simple projects but quickly learning more advanced projects. The best part is I can just cut out the letters I need in the color and design I want and not have left over letters to keep track of.
I have also started  making project for different holidays and saving money."
Love love love!
If i had known about this before i bought my wife her Circuit I would have saved $300 on a paper weight.
Love this and all the possibilities that I haven't even explored yet
My daughter loves it!  Just what she wanted!  Thanks!
This is a great machine but it has a very steep learning curve. Thankfully there are a lot of tutorials available.
"I love this machine.  I would consider myself a ""beginner crafter"" and have felt that this machine is very easy to use.  I first bought the Cricut Explore, but had software problems from the get-go.  I hated that it had to be connected to the internet to use the design software.  We took it back and ordered the Cameo from Amazon.  This machine is very light weight and sleek.  After watching a couple short YouTube video tutorials on getting started, I started my first project!  I have only cut paper and used the sketch pens thus far, but have been very pleased with both.  Highly recommend!"
"Arrived in a timely matter, but would not cut or do anything."
Its been great... Already used for several large projects... Can't wait to use it for other things.
"I'm really forward to getting some inspirtion on my design works on this machine, but I'm not sure weather it can cut thinny wooden meterial. Any way, try more ideas will bring me happinese"
"I like this machine a lot but there is a learning curve to it and you need to get most of your guidance from You Tube tutorials.  I find that difficult because I either don't know the question or I don't know which tutorial has the answer I need.  Makes it slow going. I love making cards and it is fun the new areas that are opening up for me with this machine.  Patience is the name of the game.  I had some trouble with the software update and called support.  They are so wonderful, patient, on top of the software, they know what they are talking about and how to help you make it right. Honestly I've never had any better service help!  Thanks a bunch Raely"
Wife said I am husband of the year for buying this for her.
"Got this for my significant other, so far she is learning alot from information online and trying all sorts of things with it. Seems to be pretty good so far!"
Love it a great job on what ever you want to do
amazing
"It seems to be working ok, it takes some getting used to figuring the blade setting for each weight of paper that you're using.  When you've got the right blade setting it cuts great."
Not happy at all with product
Awesome product worth every cent!
Great product! Fast delivery. Very please with this product. Was able to start a new business!!!
I do love it!
"I've been using this with my embroidery machine to do applique. So easy and precise! I love to craft but I have limited time, and this helps me do more in the time I have."
LOVE!! It's so much fun to create things with this machine! There are so many possibilities!!
I just started using. It is tough to get the proper registration in order for the machine to see it. I am however looking to learn more tips and tricks to make it easier
Was simple to use and fun to prouce.
"I absolutely love everything about the silhouette cameo. I have gone through 3 Cricut expression 2 machines & decided to change brands due to poor life expectancy of the Cricut Brand. It took me a little bit to learn the software. I have yet to pay for an image or font & I have about 300 items in my library.  If you are deciding between silhouette and Cricut, silhouette is my favorite!"
Best machine for scrap booking. Cant go without it. Thanks Amazon for quick delivery.
"My husband bought me this for a Christmas present (after Christmas ) as I've wanted one for years but didn't want to spend the money.  Also, there are a couple different machines on the market and if your like me, you want to get the most bang for your buck, I looked at the competitors machine, but I didn't think it offered the same freedom as the silhouette cameo, as some are limited to cartridges, or have to be connected to the Internet to run, with the cameo, once you have your images on your computer your free to create, and the designs you buy are yours to keep forever, not ""just as long as you subscribe"". There are also other options to upgrade your software for even more creative freedom.  Being disabled, I'm limited on my hobby choices. I had always done a lot of crafts, but mobility issues has made even the simplest cutting Projects difficult, and let's face it they never look perfect.  That being said....I absolutely LOVE this machine. It's everything I was hoping for and more. It has really brought joy back into my crafting time, and This is a great bundle, as you get 2 blades, 2 mats, the pens and the $25. SiL store card!  All you need is some paper or vinyl and you're ready to go.  Bb It's a bit intimidating when you first pull it out of the box, but once you get it all set up, ( just plug in a few cords and connect it to your computer) you get 100 free designs from Silhouette to get you started creating and that wonderful $25. Store card to buy whatever designs your heart desires.. The software is easy enough to navigate, but there are lots of videos online that can help you with everything from setting up your machine and registering to making vinyl Designs for your own T-shirts. It's great for scrapbooking or You can make your own Birthday, Anniversary, cards using card-stock or you can get vinyl and decorate everything ...inside and out!!  Make your own wall decorations for kids rooms, for a fraction of the cost, personalize ALL your family's things, from clothes to water bottles, walls, mirrors, tiles, the possibilities are endless.  I could go on and on, but the bottom line is you will not regret buying this machine, it's well worth the money as you will get endless hours of enjoyment, whether crafting for personal use, or starting a home based business."
"GREAT PIECE OF EQUIPMENT, BUT i LOVED THE NON-DIGITAL ONE BETTER."
Quick delivery! Everything was as promised. So in love with this machine!
This was a product that I was thinking about getting for sometime and was back and forth from this or the Cricut. Glad I went this route. Super easy to set up and get going. Up and running with in an hour.
can't find enough uses
"Great tool, fun to use, quick and easy to learn the basics.  I bought it to cut stencils, and it does a great job."
Love it and the pens that came with it! I use to have a cricut but the silhouette has so many more options!
Excelente plotter!
"I want to love this, but I don't.  Every time I try to use it, I get frustrated and end up ruining lots of material I bought for the project.  It sucks.  There are little instructions, plan on relying on Google if you want to figure anything out.  I mainly bought it to cut fabric and it won't even do that without wasting all my fabric.  I purchased the Silhouette brand of interfacing to see if that worked any better than the regular kind and it didn't.  Out of about 40 tries, I ended up with 1 successful word cut out on fabric...I'll just stick with my main method of tracing words on to fabric.  I'm just sorry I missed my window of opportunity to send it back."
Was glad that this had a bundle of other items that I did not have to go out and buy. This is the best cutting machine on the market  my opinion only. So many helpful video's on Youtube.
"it is a new model, and there are no tutorials available to help guide me in the use.  I LOVE what it can do, but I cannot and i am sorry I have it."
"The plus is what you can do with it.  The minus is what you can't.  Fabric, having a real hard time cutting it, even with the fabric blade.  Cuts heat transfers but the blade recommendation is too low.  I would suggest using scraps before you do your project.  Instructions are horrible.  I guess those who know how to use it figure everyone else should.  I am learning every time I use it, but I wish I could get a step by step of how to use the machine.  Interactive classes on line would be great."
"This machine is not working, and has not worked!  We, as a school, purchased it before Christmas.  We then went on our Holiday Break, and were unable to set this machine up until late January.  We are not able to clear up the problem with troubleshooting online.  The window of time has just ended leaving us unable to return the machine.  Very unhappy!!!"
I already the smaller silhouette. I had to to upgrade to the cameo because my projects were getting larger. I love this machine it cuts everything even very detailed cuts.
I love it! My Christmas gift :)
"This is priceless.
Kinda pissed they stopped selling parts for the old Silhouette, but this was worth the upgrade.
MANY amazing features."
Awesome
Awesome
Wow! How did I ever live without this tool??  Great machine that is easy to use and comes with the software needed to create basic designs. You have to upgrade the software if you want to get into more design stuff or import outside files (I was disappointed by that.). Other wise happy.
The Silhouette Cameo is a great tool for die cuts. The website is a piece of crap!!! I got a $30 store credit to use. I went to make my purchase & it's needs you to confirm your password which it kept telling me it couldn't recognize. I tried calling for help which was another joke but I finally got through. They tell me it's my computer problem & it's not recognizing the software for the cameo so they send me instructions. I have the latest laptop & I can't believe I'm jumping through hoops just to make my purchase. Did anyone else experience this?
This is the most versatile machine for the price.  The possibilities are endless.
LOVE this machine!
This is awesome! I replaced my old Silhouette with this and couldn't be happier! This can do it all!!! so much better!
"UNABLE TO MOVE BARS OR SET UP, returned for refund."
Great choice!!!
Love the silhouette ..... I can do all kinds of home made things
So far have had no problems with it. Use it all the time
"I would not have given it 1 star but that was the only way to get to this screen. I am not happy with the machine because when down loaded it causes my computer to malfunction, As long is it is downloaded I am not able to see any videos such as facebook, cannot see anything on you tube, can not watch netflixs. I though it was my computer at first so I had HP troubleshoot the problem. They tried different things for about 7 days and could not find any problems with my computer and I only had this problem when the silhouette was downloaded. I tried contacting the Silhouette company many times with no response. I finally reached someone at a different number who said they were the makers of the machine and she would try and help me, but she had never contacted me either. Someone from amazon e-mailed me an she said she could never contact anyone from silhouette. At this point all I want to do is return the machine for a full refund. Please try any find me someone to help me with the return of this machine."
It was everything that I expected it to be
"After writing the review posted below, I was contacted via email by customer support. I just wanted to let you know that they did inform me of a way to finally fix my issue and have restored my confidence in this company.

I have this machine and I love it, but I have had some technical issues with the software lately. That wouldn't be so bad, except that I can't seem to get a live person on the phone (no one I know has ever spoken to a live person from this company) and I can't get anyone to respond to my emails and request for help. I'm beginning to feel as though this company doesn't care about supporting the customers that use their product. So if I were you I would see if Cricket has better customer service than this company, because a company that cares about its customers is much more valuable. I'm hoping Silhouette takes the time to change my mind and help a customer that wants to continue loving their product."
Worked perfectly and is exactly as described. Shipped fast and arrived 2 days before expected!
My son bought this for himself and it is awesome.
Awesome.  Awesome machine.  There is a learning curve but I did expect that.  Lots of helpful blogs and videos out there just have to figure out what the procedure is called to search for it.  I originally got it to perfectly cut out fabric for machine appliqu but have branched out to heat transfer vinyl and even some cards.
Amazing product! I use it to cut Vinyl Heat transfers for my Shirt Company Works like a charm.
"When I started cutting my Pepakura projects I noticed that the head sometimes hit one of both springs causing a mayor misalignment and the whole cutting process to fail.

I contacted tech support and they said that because I'm using a third party software they can't support this issue and mus contact tamaso software for supoort.  When I contacted tamaso software they said that because the head hit the springs is a hardware related problem and mus contact Silhouette for suport.

So now I feed abandoned and frustrated, for any of you planing to cut pepakura projects on the Cameo be aware of this."
I did not get the manual or awarrant card with the machine.
fast shipping item perfect
This machine is the bomb! Love it! There are so many creative things that you can do with it.
"After writing the review found below, Silhouette finally came out with a new software update. It didn't correct all my problems, but they did after several weeks, contact me. She had me go into an area of my computer that I knew nothing about & delete one of their files. Knock on wood, so far so good! So, I have changed my star rating back to a 5, but will leave the original review I wrote about the issues attached as follows........ I have owned a Silhouette for years. Their first one, the SD, only took 8.5"" wide paper. Then they came out with the Cameo that takes 12"" wide. So, I eventually broke down & got the Cameo. I have ALWAYS touted their praises. I loved the machine. Much better than a Cricut because you didn't have to buy cartridges full of designs to get just one that you really wanted. You can design your own stuff. You can import any font that you have on your computer, providing it's thick enough to actually cut. My first Cameo messed up during the first year. They replaced it with no problem. They had always been easy to get a hold of for questions & were polite & very helpful. I could go on & on. But now, after having the replacement for a little over 2 years, I'm having a problem. I have tried for 2 weeks to call the company. Always get a recording saying they will call you back within 24 hrs. No one has called yet. I finally filed a complaint with the BBB. No results yet. I have figured out that my problem lies in the last software update. I installed the original software on my neighbors laptop & it works perfect. I can't simply re-install the software on my computer as it would cause me to lose all the designs I have downloaded over the past 5 or 6 years. Also, all the things I have designed myself since the first update to the software will not open in the original software. On Utah's BBB site, they have a graph showing complaints over the past 3 yrs. There were no complaints in 2012, two complaints in 2013, six complaints in 2014 & twelve complaints so far this year. Almost all of the recent complaints say the company won't call them back.  Something bad has happened at that company for them to go downhill so suddenly. Really saddens me."
"I completely love this product! it arrive don time, the delivery was fast and it was exactly what I expected, the price is quite good of all the pieces you get."
Great machine very user friendly. I rate it a 5
Works great so far
Cant wait to figure out how to use the machine!
Very nice
"I don't own one, but an on line friend was kind enough to send me lettering for a project. Words cannot describe how awesome it turned out. I actually came over here to see about purchasing one, I'm so impressed."
Obsessed with this machine! I have been waiting to get one and am so excited for all of the things I am going to make!
"love this machine. it was easy to set up, and i got started right away with the free designs from the silhouette store. I am so happy I finally bought this."
Easy to setup and use
So many possibillities with this machine! Very easy to use and has taken my crafting to a whole other level!
"I previously owned the older version of the Silhouette Cameo and upgraded for my birthday. I haven't noticed too many differences between the two machines, but what I have noticed has been great. This machine seems to cut smoother than my old machine. Also, updated technology like touch screen and cutting blade located on the back of the machine. This was a great bundle set and I was able to download several different designs with the gift card. I briefly had an issue with the firmware, but that was something that had to be dealt with Silhouette directly, not Amazon. This machine provides endless possibilities and hours of fun. It provides more opportunity for creating things, instead of having to use cartridges with the Cricuit."
Love this product! Great price and it arrived before the estimated shipping date!
"Very happy with the cameo's performance. The software takes some time to figure out but the numerous tutorials on You Tube have helped. Disappointed with the longevity of the cutter blades though, they haven't held their edge very well cutting thin fabrics.

I will update this post when I have used them on other materials."
"Definitely a learning curve to this machine, but overall I have been happy with the results I get from it.  Lots of tutorials out there to help the novice on You-Tube and Blogs.  Couldn't have made my Kaiser Craft advent box as easily without this.  Cut out all the papers for my drawers...WONDERFUL"
Ok
more than i expected many possiblities>
Very very satisfied
she loved it
I got this as a gift for my daughter. It is fabulous in every way! Can't wait to see just what this little machine is capable of!
"I feel like I might have been sold a used Cameo or a refurbished. It doesn't cut consistently at times I move the blade to a higher number and it still won't cut I've even tried a second blade no change, it won't cancel a cut the machine stalls and I have to power it off to reset it."
I love it!! My only problem is the software wasn't loading onto my laptop correctly so I had to use my husbands laptop.  Other than that-love it!!!
great
So far so good.
"Great machine with lots of versatility. However, I think it needs to come with a physical manual and a few pieces of medium so you can experiment right when you get it. I was disappointed that I had to order supplies before I could begin. Maybe provide a list of supplies  you will need when you order it."
:)
Machine git stuck in one spot while cutting.
Got this for my daughters Christmas and she loves it. Read tips online to help
I love my Cameo and the newest software.
She is very happy with her new toy
"I was debating between the silhouette cameo & the cricut. I did a whole bunch of research, watched videos, read blogs & what helped me decide was the fact that the silhouette cameo software has more design freedom & because all the people who wrote & raved about cricut seemed to have gotten a free machine. Silhouette had a sale on the designer edition so I did upgrade, but before that I found that I could import my own jpegs into the library & still trace and cut them out. The scan & cut feature works great, it took me awhile to figure out how to get my camera calibrated, but there are tutorials to help with that. I've made my own stickers! I mostly cut freezer paper to use for t-shirt design & I've made some pretty awesome shirts. I've also used the stamp kit to make stamps and those came out great. I haven't dabbled with any thick materials yet but look forward to doing it. The intricate designs I've tried have come out pretty well, I've had some minor mishaps, but using an X-acto knife while still stuck on the cutting mat is an easys fix. There are plenty of blogs that have tips & hacks, I recommend looking on pinterest."
Love it.  It does so much and more than I expected.  I will be using this Cameo everyday.
So much fun!  Takes a bit to figure it out but when you do the possibilities are endless!
"Instructions are virtually non existent and software crashes instead of closing. However, I still LOVE it. Only my second day but I have made some card fronts with lettering cutouts and I made four totes with the heat transfer starter kit. Tons of fun but a large learning curve if y have never owned a Silhouette or similar machine. (That would be me.)"
Arrived two days earlier.  This was perfect as I was able to get gifts made.
Much better than my other Craft Robo CC330L and less quiet.
Super fast shipping and product was exactly as described
Love it! Couldn't decide between this and the circuit but the versatility with fonts and shapes is what sold me. Very easy to use and I love all of the starter kits it comes with.
I love this item. perfect cut
"One cutting project in and I have to say I'm not impressed.  I already have a Graphtec Craft Robo, so I know how to use these cutting machines.  Using the cut settings specified for cardstock, plain, old medium-weight paper, I've already ruined a cutting mat and determined that this machine is NOT any better than my 5-year old Craft Robo.  I mean, if I wanted mediocre results I would stick with that.  I'm hoping it will prove me wrong when I use it to cut fabric, but I definitely wouldn't spend this much for this machine again and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone else."
"The machine works great. But the software has issues. We couldn't get the supplied software to install. After trying multiple times to get it to install we had to download the legacy software from the website and install it to get the machine to work.  We emailed tech support, they were quick to respond and suggested we download the updated version of the software which we tried but it still would not install. We emailed tech support again and are waiting to hear back.

Just heard back from customer support. The v3 software will not work with Windows XP, which is what I have. Silhouette customer support is awesome. Their response time is great."
a bit complicated to learn how to use.
Have loved using it! No complaints at this time. Hate I waited to long to get one.
LOVE! Easy to use and a great price. It came extremely fast. Wonderful product. If you've been questioning getting one...get it! You won't regret it!
I am in LOVE with my silhouette cameo. I am extremely technologically challenged but was able to get it plugged in and cutting within 30 minutes to an hour. The silhouette studio is a fantastic software to help you in making your project and they have sales all the time. Super great purchase and totally worth the money!!!
Fabulous machine. Plan to waste materials at first as you learn. Website is user friendly and YouTube videos are your friend along with user blogs you can find when you google. There is a great community of pros out there that saved me headaches. I have made majorly cool gifts with vinyl heat transfer materials and card stock . Practice on plain paper when In doubt and be sure your blade is set right and your mat has some practice pages before your good stuff.  A new mat is way to sticky but a used one is easy to use and tricks online can help you. It's addictive and everything they say it is. Get one!!!!
Silhouette studio is not connect  .)
Have had my new Silhouette Cameo less than 60 days and the touch screen has already quit working....Therefore I feel as if I got a lemon.
Great product! I only use it to cut stickers right now but I'm sure it does alot more than I'll ever use it for. Cuts vinyl very good. Thanks for making a product that dosent break the bank.
"Wow! This machine is so powerful to be so small. Makes really intricate cuts. I'm in love with it. The first day I cut some vinyl heat press material that I had and made a couple of really professional looking and unique t-shirts -- oh the possibilities!!! I love the fact that I can import my own art and pictures, etc and use how I wish and avoid any copywriter issues that might arise from using some stock designs -- if used commercially. The tracing feature is powerful. I can't wait to upgrade to the designer edition software to do rhinestone templets. -- My two favorite all-time purchases of 2014: This silhouette Cameo cutter machine and my Nu Wave oven. I'm in heaven!"
Just what I wanted for making specialized paper products. I truly do love it.
"Great machine- especially since I didn't know these existed and have made cutting intricate patterns from paper SO much easier. Good for the price and for the casual crafter, but a lot noisier than I thought it would be and also after 3 days of using it straight, all day, it started getting stuck and then subsequently ruining the entire sheet of paper I was using. Very annoying. Customer service is OK."
"Great fun cutter.
It takes in learning as any new tool/skill"
"Love my Silhouette.  Wished it had come with an actual bundle, but the machine is great."
Amazing!!  I can't keep up with the many ideas I have for creating things on this!!  Love it
"I cannot begin to tell you how much I LOVE this product.  I have borrowed and used a cricut before but was unimpressed at how one demensional it felt, if you didn't love the pre-set cartridges you were out of luck.  Now I know they are transitioning to the online system for cricut like silhouette but I much prefer the cameo 2! So let me explain some more, I am a fabric cutter, I make cut outs to put on blankets, onesies, pretty much anything! I DO NOT scrapbook.  I love the endless possibilities that I have with the sillhouette, if I can draw it I can cut it.  I made a Christmas tree free-hand and it cost me nothing! I made a cut out of a Mickey mouse head, hand drawn, not too hard.  I have struggled slightly with the mats being too sticky at first and loosing sticky quickly which has been about the only downside.  I recommend that if you want to do a lot of free-hand drawing you have a mouse for your computer (often easier than a lap top touch pad) as the program for drawing is similar to old-school ""paint"" if that makes sense.  I am considering upping my subscription for 6 months-12 months on their online library program in order to own pretty much anything I would want to own for fabric cutting.  The subscription rates are fairly reasonable and provide a monthly credit of $ for downloads and a discount for additional downloads.  The sillhouette's ability to use fonts on your computer is what made me choose it over the cricut and I wouldn't look back because the software is easy to use."
"I have been using this for a week now and I love it. I've never used anything like it, so I don't have anything like a Cricut to compare it to. I use it to cut vinyl for signs as well as temporary tattoos and water slide decals. It works amazingly for all of these."
Love this machine. I use it nearly everyday and have had only a minor issue which tech support helped me fix immediately. The USB port required a change to my settings but works like a charm. Upgrade to the Designer Edition software. There are so many more options for you.
"A few weeks in and so far so good!  I used it to cut out 11"" tall letters to put SPARTAN COUNTRY on a wall in my basement.  I used a roll of 8-foot vinyl without a cut mat and it worked great to just cut the letters in the Spartan font I found on the Internet.  I used blue painters tape in place of transfer tape.  It took a bit of time and patience but it came out great.  I found a Sparty logo on the Internet, used the free Silhouette software to trace cut-lines and made a vinyl Sparty head logo to put on my wall.  I found a Detroit Tigers old english D and used the software to trace the cut-lines, cut it out on orange vinyl - looks great on my car!

Then I found this paper ""LD Glossy Inkjet Photo Sticker Paper (8.5X11) 100 pack"" which I can use to cut out stickers that I print on my printer.  The Silhouette software can help trace a picture (if you are somewhat tech savvy) and using a blade setting of ""1"" with no cut mat, it cuts the sticker paper perfect but not the backing.  I made a mini 10"" Sparty ""fathead"", perfectly tracecut.

Using just the free version of the software I can essentially create ANY shape I want from anything I find on the internet.  You may have to digitally cut out the background first, but if  you are tech savvy there is no limit.  I don't think I will ever need to purchase any shapes as I can make anything I want with the included software and any image editing software.

Very pleased!!"
VERY NOISY.  COULDN'T CUT CARDSTOCK ALL THE WAY THROUGH THE PAPER
Thanks
"Has anyone had any experience using the silhouette to cut stencils.  I want to cut stencils out of 7 ml mylar or dura-lar.  I have googled this subject and found some people have success, others don't.  Anyone out there have any input before I open my box??
Thanks in advance!"
This mechine is wonderful! It can do anything and everything you can think of! Easy to work and take little to no time to make it!
Best item I have ever owned.  I use it daily.  The new Cameo is even easier to use than the previous one.  Everyone who loves to craft should have one!
A DREAM COME TRUE!
Very noisy
"it a powerfull cutting machine,  but is needed to include support svg files in silhouette studio basic edition"
Good paper and fabic cutting.  A bit noisy
It's great machine
love this machine. fun easy software. great precise cutting.
I was pretty surprised at how light this Cameo is.  It was easy to install and learn.  I look forward to using this with all my crafts.
"Like I said, I'm a beginner...never used one of these machines before, but I do like crafting and making my own cards for people instead of buying them. So this product review is from my perspective. Though the machine is easy to set up and the software downloaded without a hitch, using the software and machine was another story. However, it's one of those things where if you use it a lot, you'll get used to it and make the product work for you.

First off, the user manual is not very helpful when it comes to using the software, which was surprising to me b/c without being able to use the software correctly the machine is not going to output the results you want. All it tells you is how to set up and adjust a few machine parts. I had to rely on youtube videos to show me how to set up clipart images and put in the reference marks and take out outlines. Not a fun process, as the current software seems to be updated and buttons are not always in the same place. The software is NOT intuitive; especially when you want to use your own uploaded images to cut. There is an online manual that's more complete but even then there are no step-by-step instructions. I would also have appreciated instructional video tutorials provided by the company itself. It took a lot of trial and error to print & cut one Cameo provided clip art picture!

Another ""sticky"" issue. The mat. It's super sticky!  I used regular printing paper for my cutouts. After cutting, I had to peel off the cutout and the leftover paper. It was messy, because the paper kept ripping as it was too stuck to the mat. My cutout did not look pretty afterwards. And there's still bits of white paper stuck to the mat to this day. To keep dust from sticking to  the mat, be sure to put the original paper over it after you're done using the machine. I would not recommend using plain paper as your medium.

So all in all, I think this machine would be very useful and fun if the person knows how to utilize all the functions properly. But for beginners, it's a high learning curve that will definitely take hours out of your life to get a handle on simply because detailed instructions are lacking. It's like trying to learn EXCEL or Photoshop on your own without tutorials; you know what you want to accomplish, but you just don't know how. Now that's very frustrating. But once you figure it out and get used to it, it becomes a very versatile and useful."
"My wife is the crafty one in the family and the following is her take on the Silhouette:

This is my first experience with a cutting machine, so I am unable to compare it to similar machines.

Installation:
* Easy to install the software on my MacBook Pro
* Simple to connect the Cameo to the Mac
* The software is intuitive and easy to use

Getting Started:
Beyond setting the machine up, installing the software, and reading about some very simple techniques, I felt the directions were not helpful for going beyond the basics - they didn't begin to scratch the surface of what all the machine is capable of producing.  Being new to the process, I did some research on youtube.com and found that Silhouette America has produced some great videos that helped me further than the instruction book:
* Silhouette CAMEO :: Making Your First Cut!
* How to Print and Cut using the Silhouette CAMEO

Things I wished I had known before I got started:
* The mat is incredibly sticky - which is great over time...but my first cardstock cut was so stuck that it ripped when I was trying to remove it.  I had to purchase the Silhouette spatula to scrape what paper off that was stuck.  I read on pinterest that when you first get a new cutting mat, it's a good idea to rub the sticky side to your jeans to make it not as sticky.  I used that technique prior to my second cut and it made a huge difference.
* This is not a printer and cutter...just a cutter...however - you can print from your regular printer and then cut with the Cameo.

Positives:
* Sleek design - very modern and professional
* Lightweight - easy to move when I'm done with the projects
* Software is easy to install and use
* The cut is spectacular and accurate
* The library has tons of images to choose from but I've also found lots of free images online that are great to use as well
* It is fun to learn of the possibilities and then make them come to life!

Negatives:
* Instructions, in my opinion, were not complete - what would help are examples of projects from start to finish - showing the many different types of projects and the machine's capabilities.  If you're spending that amount of money on a cutting machine, chances are you are not going to stop at the basic project of cutting lines and simple shapes.
* The machine is quite loud, not sure how this compares, but when it first started cutting, I thought something was wrong because of the noise it made!"
"Beware Although many people favor the Silhouette, I would not buy this machine again. They do not
have a repair center when it breaks. That's over $500 lost for myself, with the cost of machine
and supplies. There is no one else who will touch it to fix it. Believe me when I say I TRIED!"
Love this machine. Great software. Lots of potential uses.
works great
"Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Machine
Amazon price: $253.74

First of all, its important to understand what this machine does. Like a printer, it connects to your computer but instead of PRINTING an image, it has a precision blade that will CUT the image out of paper or other materials. You can create your own designs using the included software, use your camera or scanner to capture an image, or you can download images directly from Silhouettes huge library.

Scrapbookers, crafters, quilters, and designers will have lots of creative fun with this cutter. The Cameo will cut an astonishing variety of materials: paper, card stock, fabric, self-adhesive vinyl, foils, heat-transfer material, vellum, and much more. The machine includes a cutting mat with a tacky surface to hold thin materials securely while cutting. Thicker materials and most self adhesive vinyl can be fed into the machine directly.

The Cameo complements your workspace. It has a glossy white exterior with a touchscreen panel that is easy to read and makes controlling the unit effortless. The machine is 21 inches wide so youll need to take that width into consideration when planning space on your counter or worksurface. At only 10.5 lbs., the machine is easily portable.

Cutting designs out of paper, or nearly any material that is in sheet-form, is simple. However, the secret sauce here is the Print and Cut feature. The software you install on your PC or Mac allows you to print your design on your own printer and then feed that printed sheet into the Cameo to cut it out. Perfect for stickers and labels. In my testing, the registration of the cuts around the edges of the printed designs was very accurate. Included with the Cameo is a cutting mat that has a very sticky surface. It is designed to securely hold your material while the machine is cutting. I find peeling off the cut designs from this mat can be difficult. The sticky surface holds on to the designs a little too well. Silhouette also makes a Light Hold cutting mat that holds sheets much less aggressively. I much prefer using this mat.

This is a relatively expensive machine and the purchase price is just your ticket for admission. If you're creative, youll want to purchase additional add-ons such as extra blades, additional special-use mats, tools, and supplies. Additionally, the designs in Silhouettes library are not free. They can be purchased individually from the Silhouette Design Store and are also available with a monthly subscription. Silhouette also sells a wide variety of cuttable, creative materials to tempt you. But remember, you can also find lots of other cuttable materials in craft, hobby, and office supply stores.

Included with the Cameo is a CD containing Silhouette Studio software. It is also downloadable from Silhouettes site in the event that your computer does not have an optical drive. This is serious design software. In addition to controlling the cutter, there are plenty of design, drawing, and coloring features including true vector drawing tools, layer controls, and other pro features. If you are familiar with Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator youll feel right at home. If you have never used software like this, the learning curve will be steeper. Most of the bolder fonts already on your computer can be used in your designs and will cut cleanly.

This is a specialty machine, but if crafting is your specialty, youll have hours and hours of creative fun. Be forewarned that the results are habit-forming and could be a drain on the family budget."
I've been wanting a Cricut machine and then I saw this. The Silhouette CAMEO Electronic Cutting Machine can do all that the CriCut can do and more. It can cut a number of different fabrics. The touch screen is amazing and so simple to use. It is very lightweight and easy to carry around. The installation was so fast. No hassles. I'm still just amazed by all it can do.
"I bought the starter kit.  It's easy to setup, and use. The software has a minimal learning curve. Most of my questions were answered by the help button in the program.  It brings up a  adobe manual that cover most everything you will want to know. The touch screen is nice but really unnecessary. After a few quick internet searches and I developed my own custom cut settings for my media that work perfectly. I couldn't be happier with my purchase. A few extras to consider are the hook, the scrapper. and the pix scan mat; these make life easy."
"I've never used anything like this before. I've watched others but never tried it myself. I'm not really into scrapbooking but I can think of several things I'd like to do with this using fabric or vinyl.

I could NOT get the hang of this at first even after spending a bit of time reading and re-reading instructions and watching a couple of videos on you tube. I finally took it to a friend's house who is super into scrapbooking and crafts that use lots of paper and had her show me how. Just as an aside: My computer had been acting up slightly before I started using this and after taking it into have it serviced, I asked my computer guy if that might have been why I was having so many problems with the Cameo. He said he wasn't positive and would need to hook it up himself and trying it out. I opted not to do this (it would have cost me more) because my friend is pretty savvy (and free).

After watching my friend try a few things here's what I think:

This machine seems to work best with mid to super sturdy materials. Some of the lighter papers and vinyl that she used either tore when trying to remove it from the backing or got caught up and tore in the machine.

Bottom line for me: If you don't mind fiddling with this a bit, for most things you could probably make it work and what does come out right has nice sharp lines/edges and looked pretty nice overall.

I would give this 3.75 stars. I'd give it more if it was a bit more user friendly for the novices."
"I love this!  Now I can make all those awesome wall quotes, tshirts and other vinyl projects and not pay someone else to make them!

I am NOT a crafty person, but this is perfect for me."
"Frankly I expected so much more out of the Silhouette. Set up was quick and easy. Adjusting the blade was absolutely no problem. Creating my very first design and setting it on the sticky mat was easy. First try on loading into the machine, it bent the paper up. No problem, adjust the roll ... tried again. This time it went through and made the absolute most loudest noise ever. Think running a vacuum cleaner with a blender. Ten years later (or more like 10 minutes) the ""Happy Thanksgiving"" sign was done. However, you could not tell what it said at all. Scraping all the excess paper off the very sticky mat was like trying to pull flies off of fly paper - not pleasant. Not to be deterred because of all the other awesome reviews I read, I tried regular paper instead of cardstock. I once again followed directions to the ""T"". I'm a librarian, I'm very particular about directions. This time I adjusted the blade to 1 as suggested and ran it through with three BASIC circles - no more fancy letters. Once again the sound of a thousand horses coursing through my living room filled the air as the paper was drug through the machine on the sticky mat. One circle came out perfect! I was excited. Then I tried to gently remove the rest ... alas they stuck like glue and weren't even cut through thoroughly. Not to give up hope, I mercilessly put the silhouette through its paces. I was positive I'd get it right at some point - the directions couldn't possibly be wrong, after all.  No luck with a good turn out. I'm jealous of the gorgeous pictures shown by other reviewers and by the website/box itself. I'm pretty positive I have a defective machine. Everything else about the Silhouette is wonderful - set up, directions, cd, designs, etc. I'm absolutely sure it would earn five stars had it worked properly for me. I'm not giving up hope though... project #26 soon to be on the way."
like it!!
"This machine is basically a Cricut with better design and control. Instead of being an independent machine like the Cricut, this is meant to plug into your computer, where you can design your letters, shapes, etc. This is fantastic because it gives you way more control over the end product and allows you to manipulate shapes and fonts as much as you want. You can use any font on your computer, rather than the few pre-installed on the Cricut.

In terms of functionality, it works the same as a Cricut, but I found it did not load the cut mat easily. The Cricut seems to do this much better. I had to unload and reload it on several attempts. It has a touch screen for basic controls, rather than buttons, which is nice, but again, almost everything is controlled on the software that is included. I did find that using the recommended cut settings, the blade cut into the mat every time. So the mat is marked by everything I've cut. This doesn't happen on the Cricut and I'm not sure if I'm repeatedly doing something wrong or it just cuts deeper than it should.

I should say that the software is complex and allows you to do pretty much anything you want, but it's like using Photoshop for the first time: overwhelming. It takes a long time to figure out what all the software can do and they don't do the best job of helping you figure it out.

Overall, this is definitely better than a Cricut just because it gives you way more design control. But it's not a perfect machine. I actually found it a little frustrating to use at first. Nonetheless, for crafters, teachers, or others, this can be a fantastic tool for all kinds of customized cuttings."
"Best deal around!  For those who want to take their crafting to the next level, the new Silhouette Cameo is the way to go!  So many possibilities!  Do your research and find out if this is the machine for you.......if it is, buy it here! =)"
"I was so excited to see this Cutting machine on The Vine!  I love scrap booking & knew this would be a great help in my creations.  I am not a tech person and was rather scared to get started, but found out it was fairly easy.  The instruction booklet was great & online tutorials was also a great help.  The machine itself is very sleek and lightweight, making moving it very easy.  I have a Mac and hookup was quick and easy.  I've used it a lot in my scrapbooking and now I'm ready for my next project, which is making my own cards. .  I love being able to send cards that I have designed and created myself.  This machine makes that and so much more possible!  It has endless possibilities!"
"This is my first time using a cutting machine. I'm impressed by the technology and the ease of use of the machine, however, I'm incredibly frustrated with the sticky mat used to cut paper and other thin materials.

The unit came in a large box with a blade, one cutting mat, a roll cutter, power and USB (standard A-B) cables, software CD, and some basic instructions. I had to remove some strapping tape and styrofoam from the cutter but it wasn't took difficult. I went to Silhouette's website directly to download the newest version of the Studio software, since the version on the CD was older. I had no trouble installing the free version (there are paid versions for advanced functionality) on a Mac Mini with OS X Yosemite. The software takes a minute or two to load up, but it's otherwise pretty responsive.

The software itself is essentially a standard ""Photoshop-esque"" drawing application and if you've used this type of program before you'll find it pretty easy to use. You get access to 100 free templates as well as a one month subscription to the premium template database as part of your purchase of the cutter. You can really tell that Silhouette is trying to upsell customers with a Pro version of the software and selling monthly subscriptions for more templates. Once you have your design, whether from a template or personally designed, it's time to tell the program to send the job to the cutter. You can also save your designs to a USB drive and plug that USB drive into the cutter - convenient if you don't want to keep the cutter plugged in next to your computer.

I was using paper/card stock media for my trial cuts so I needed to use the enclosed 12""x12"" cutting mat. I turned on and plugged in the cutter, chose a few options on the touch screen directly on the cutter (which didn't seem that responsive, by the way), and loaded in the cutting mat with paper. There is a dial on the blade that requires you to choose the material thickness, from 1-10, with 1 for the thinnest of materials. You must use a special included ratchet cap to change this setting, so don't lose this piece. (I'd suggest putting it in the storage door on the left side of the unit.) In the software, I chose cardstock as my material, however, it didn't give me any guidance on what setting to use on the blade. The paper manual gave me some guidance, however. I set it to 1 and let the unit cut.

The unit kind of sounds like a noisy typewriter and consistently moves the material back and forth to make the cuts. Depending on the complexity of the cut, it could take a few minutes to complete the job. When my test jobs were done, I tried to pull the paper off the cutting mat. It sticks quite badly and with a couple of the jobs I did the final product was ruined as I pulled the paper off the mat. And then it took quite some time to clean the remaining paper scraps still stuck on the mat. This is all incredibly frustrating.

I looked at some reviews on the Silhouette cutting mats and it appears other users have had similar problems. Some suggest using a cotton shirt or running water on top of the mat to reduce the stickiness, but I'm concerned that it could reduce the stickiness too much. I'm hoping the stickiness reduces naturally over time and then I'll have more luck with paper-based media. I also wish the printed documentation for the cutter would provide more advice on the cutting media and blade settings rather than spending time explaining the software (which is already pretty intuitive) and upselling the store to buy more templates.

Unless you are using a thicker material that doesn't require the use of the cutting mat (perhaps fabric on a roll), be prepared to spend time to find the right settings for the material and to waste some media on the over-stickiness on the mat. The functionality of the machine otherwise is in line with the manufacturer's claims, but if you want more software features, be prepared to pay for them."
"I have never owned a cutter before and am still dealing with the contrast between expectations and reality. The machine comes with a brief printed manual and a 39 page pdf is available from the Help menu of the software. (This pdf is essential for explaining how to set up your preferences. Otherwise, would you know whether or not you really want to ""convert thick lines to polygons"" and other equally confusing concepts?

In spite of the two manuals (and an extensive website), for someone with no experience at all, there are a lot of details that are not covered. For example, the loading process has to be explained a little better, where, exactly does one position the cutting mat? How far do we push it in? When do you need to use the cutting mat and when do you not? Is the cutting mat supposed to get so gouged each time you use it? How do you know when you have to replace the cutter? Basic questions, I'll grant you, but important.

I found it to be a bit of a struggle to, trial and error, finally cut something. I was able to cut an image from the default library (which, in my case, consisted of 50 shapes.) The cutter cut well but one part of the design did not cut. I used the bow and it had the main part (the bow loops), and the legs, but it did not cut the loop strip for the middle, even though it showed on the screen in the software within the red lines. (Yes, I checked the paper to make SURE). I used the cutting mat because I was unable to load the 12x12 cardstock without it and set the cutting depth to 4 since this is what was indicated for the media. But I was alarmed to see how much the mat was marked after the cut. At this rate, it isn't going to last long. I'm also a little alarmed by the noises it makes while it's cutting.

I am a little disappointed because the material I wanted to cut, felt, is not one of the 100+ that this machine cuts. (I confirmed this, not only by attempting it but by looking it up online). The company hopes that, sometime in the future, felt can be accommodated, but not for now. This is a bit of a setback for me because I've started making felt barrettes and hair ornaments for my granddaughter. People have asked me to make some for them but cutting the templates by hand is too time-consuming and, since many of the pieces are small, it's pretty awkward as well. Obviously, I can't really turn this into a home business if I can't cut back on the time it takes by having the pieces machine-cut.

The software is quite good and easy to learn. It opens jpgs, pngs, and (although it doesn't appear on the list) it also opens tiffs. I have a lot of templates that I created in Photoshop and it's nice to be able to open them without having to re-create them in another program, but the drawing and shape tools look pretty handy and easy to use to make new templates and I plan to play with them.  Some of my barrette templates will look pretty cute on card stock. The interface is similar to Photoshop or Elements in that it has the side tool strip, menus, and an additional tool strip along the top right. That tool set determines what appears on the settings area which is to the right of the work area. For example, if you click on the ""A"" (text tool icon) you get a list of all the fonts installed on your computer and settings for it. It's possible to cut out words using whatever fonts you have installed on your computer. It is also possible to buy fonts from them at a reasonable price, but these fonts will work only within the Silhouette program, not computer-wide. This area is also where you find out what the knife settings should be for the material you've chosen from the list provided.

My sister and I are hosting a shower for my niece who is going to have a baby boy. The theme is onesies with bow ties. I can use the bow design for the ties and buy a onesie from the online store to cut out cardstock decorations. Speaking of the store, I really don't know how it compares to selections by other companies. I don't care for the way it's organized (broken down by very general categories). There is no option for putting them in alphabetical order so that if you'[re looking for ladybugs, all the ladybug options will fall together and you can compare side-by-side. There is a search option, but it isn't entirely efficient. There are many cute and useful designs, but there are also many that you wonder what possible use they could have. As a newbie, I'm also perplexed as to how to create some of those designs as shown (multi-colored).

Until the felt issue is resolved, I don't think I'll be using the machine as often as I'd hoped so, for me, I think that buying one or two designs I may want for showers or children's parties or holiday decorations, as needed. The subscription plan is not really tempting and the per unit price averages $.99, which I don't find unreasonable.

On the whole, although I can't use it the way I had hoped, I can use it to have fun beginning with the shower decorations. If I ever have time again for scrapbooking and card-making, this would be perfect for page decorations. When my grandchildren get older, I can see that we could use it for crafts and school projects. So I'm happy to have the machine which seems to be sturdy, durable, and well-designed.

UPDATE: I have actually found more uses than I anticipated and am having more fun than I thought when I was disappointed at not being able to use felt. I'm making Christmas stockings for my grandchildren and I'm sending designs to the printer to use as templates to cut the felt decorations. Although it doesn't actually cut the felt for me, it is saving me a lot of time in not having to draw them myself or tracing from books and magazines and enlarging. The Rudolph I did came out gorgeous!"
"We just had a baby and bought several pre-cut owls as well as had to do a lot of cutting little bows by hand for the baby gifts. Since it was so time consuming and expensive, I thought this device looked like the right thing for my wifes baby craft projects. The Silhouette Cameo is our first foray into electronic cutting machines. I asked her to help me with this review as it requires much more an art-oriented skill then my more computer-oriented skills.

Here are some of my wifes observations of the device/package:

* No sample material to cut is included with the cutter  so be sure to account for that. There are starter kits available if you want some inspiration and to know you have all the materials to complete a project.
* From set-up/install until the first test print, it took us about 45 min, including watching a much needed YouTube video since the manual did not make sense, and the blade goes two ways (a right and wrong) into the device.  Yes, it went in the wrong way the first time around.
* The manual is in such small print, it was difficult to figure out how to use it. There also was no quick start as is available with most printers, mobile phones and computer devices.
* The tutorial via the touch screen wasn't super helpful. Thank goodness to YouTube and some enterprising folks for a better start! Actually, the tutorial was even misleading trying to convince to pop out the traction rollers when the default setting was just fine for our initial use.
* The printer easily loaded the included cutting mat. The cutting speed through a variety of materials was quite good.
* I really need one of the peeling spatulas I saw in the videos for post-cut removal from the mat. Bigger items released easier but thinner/smaller letters are a challenge to remove without wrinkling or tearing.
**Keep the blue paper that originally comes with the cutting mat as it makes storage much easier!**

Some comments on the Silhouette Studio software:

* The pre-loaded images included on the software were rather dull and many seem to have limited use (anchor, bus, camera, branch, pinwheel, sewing machine, umbrella, to-go coffee cup).
* This unit came with a 1-month free trial subscription to the Silhouette Studio, which I will be putting to good use. Even if you don't subscribe on-going you can purchase specific images as needed. There is also a free image available to download each week.
* The software is well-integrated with the Studio website. If you are adding images to your library, it is best to link it through your Studio account vs. a separate web browser session.
* The software seems to assume some level of familiarity with designing. If you are new to this, the sheer number of icons that appear on a blank project can initially be overwhelming,  Page 4 of the user manual provides a snapshot of what each of the icons mean.
* Once I got comfortable navigating, the softwares level of sophistication is very helpful for more complex projects.

Given the availability of cool card stock, vinyl and even cork  the possibilities are endless! There is a 1-year warranty and the box the cutter comes in is good for storage and to keep the device dust-free (recommended). Its size is big enough to handle some larger jobs, but not too heavy or awkward to keep.

Overall, the list of projects I want to do is much larger than I ever thought. Originally I was thinking of bay parties and decoration, but having seen how smooth the cuts are, the Silhouette will be used much more.

Next up? Trying out making my own magnets!"
"This is the first time I use an electronic cutting machine.  It was very easy to use and get familiar with the software.  It comes with 50 designs but many ways of creating your own (plus the extra credit money to buy more designs).  I have imported BMP and JPEG designs that have helped me create my own unique ideas.  The machine is a little loud but its fast and precise specially when cutting flowers and borders with whimsical curves and holes.  We also have scanned our own company logo to create a vinyl sign.  It worked wonderfully.

The software has the capability of printing to your own printer with specific guidelines so when taken back to the silhouette, they can be cut so precisely.  The machine comes with only one blade and one mat.  Just as I do with scissors (a pair for cutting fabric and a different pair for cutting paper), I am inclined to have different blades for different types of materials.  I am hoping that having different blades would allow me to use them longer.  Blades are quite affordable, around 8 dlls at the time of this review.

The mat has a sticky side that keeps the material in place whether its paper, vinyl, fabric, etc.  But it can get worn out fairly quickly since the blade touches the mat just about every time the cutter is run.  Mats are around 9 dlls at the time of this review.  Looking forward to creating wall decorations with fabric.  I recommend getting the Cameo starter bundle if it is within the budget.  It comes with an extra blade and mat plus a few handy tools to get you all set up.  Dont hesitate to ask questions in the comment section, Id be happy to help."
"I love this thing. I was very excited to get it. I have long been wanting a cutting machine.

This is my preference over the Cricut which I have also used. I loved not having to purchase a bunch of cartridges. The Silhouette cutter allows me to  pick the images I want and only what I want. Then I own them. As I am moving my music, video, and book collection to the cloud it makes sense to keep my images there too. I don't want anything that adds a lot of clutter. Signing up is easy and I love the Silhouette library of images. They seem to be a little more timeless and elegant as opposed to Cricuts offerings which seemed more trendy and cutesy.

I was a little intimidated to get it started. But the software was easy to load and pretty intuitive. I am not terribly techy but I was able to make a simple heart with an initial right away. It looks great. I did try a iron on and it worked well too. I did spend a lot of time online to see how to do it. I think this eliminated a lot of frustration. You might want to do this as well. I got good tips on how to keep the mat from being too sticky and tearing images.

I have only tried vinyl, iron on material and contact-paper. The contact paper was really tricky. But it worked great. This didn't come with any vinyl so be sure to have some on hand so you can play right away.

This was much easier to use up front than I expected. It makes lovely things."
"I would have to confess to being a craft ""newbie"" and so getting this Cameo has made a very easy start for me to get into a multitude of home craft type projects.
Thus far I have not been too adventurous and have used a couple of the free software patterns.
The machine is lightweight, very easy to set up to your computer, run and install in literally minutes.
The Cameo of course does not come with any product, which you will need to buy, but there is plenty of choice here on Amazon or at any hobby store.
The blade cuts patterns which you can customize with the included software onto whatever you are using, paper, adhesive backed for stickers or decals, or even transfers. It cuts card-stock very quickly and easily for home gift card projects too.
The touch screen is easy to use and functional without any issues thus far.
As I was new I watched some videos online so that I didn't make a complete hash of things, but as I said at the beginning of the review, this item is very user friendly and easy to navigate through craft projects.
I will probably work through the 100 free images before getting more adventurous.
I think this is an excellent, easy and safe way to get into home crafting projects, and with the correct supervision will help younger adults and teens interested as well. 5 stars"
"The Silhouette Cameo Electronic Cutting Machine make easy work of any cutting project for even the most novice of users!  I have some limited experience with a Zing Cutting Machine that I use occasionally at work.  I have only used that one for cutting cardstock.  So my review will kind of be comparing the two.

When I received the Silhouette I was surprised how light it is.  Compared to the heaviness of the Zing the Silhouette was like lifting nothing.

The Silhouette came with the following:

The cutting machine itself
USB cord
Power cord
A cutting mat
Cutting Blade
Crosscut blade
Credit to Silhoutte online designs
Software to install on your computer

I was operating the cutting machine to cut vinyl (my first time ever cutting vinyl!)  In a matter of a half hour (that include design time)

First you will upload the software to your computer,  Then after unpacking the Silhoutte and installing the cutting blade - I had no problems getting mine to sit correctly in the slot.  I actually think it is a lot easier than the Zing.  Design your desired project then connect the Silhoutte to your computer with the provided USB cord then cut.

The touch screen on the Silhoutte is very user friendly and easy to follow and understand.  I liked that you can either choose Load Cut Mat or Load Media  - I used Load Media for my vinyl project and it cut perfectly.

The instruction booklet is very easy to understand and follow.

The machine itself is a little bit on the loud side, I was a little surprised how loud it was, but this wouldn't be a deal breaker for me.

I love the Silhoutte Cameo and will probably be bringing my projects home from work to cut with it instead of using the Zing at work.  (I think the Zing software is a little more complicated to use and the machine is SO much heavier!)

Highly recommend this one if you are looking for a cutting machine!"
"I have wanted one of these machines for a while now. I spent a few hours getting to know it this afternoon, there is learning curve for sure. The software is easy to load and install no problems at all. The unit is also easy to hook up to the computer and the onscreen pad on the Cameo even has a little tutorial on making adjustments to the unit.

The challenge if you have never used the software or a unit like this is just learning how to navigate the work area. I do love they give you a chart in the manual that tells you what each icon is for. When you get the basics down it is really quite intuitive. My first project was cutting out Thank You on a 5 by 7 card in large type. I am going to put one of my fall leaves photos behind the thank you it looks very nice.

The unit comes with a 1 month subscription to Silhoutte.com where they have thousands of designs to choose from. You get 50 loaded on the program, they are basic ones. I am not activating mine yet as I want to gather my materials first. I want to make some window cling decals for Winter. I also plan to repaint the kitchen cabinets and then make some decals/clings to decorate them.

I went to the local fabric store yesterday checking out the unit and all the extras you can get the unit was much higher in cost even on sale then what can  get it here for. I recommend getting the peeling spatula as when making delicate cuts it will make it easier to peel off the sticky cutting mat without tearing them.

I look forward to many fun projects. Personalized tee shirts, birthday banners, some of those wall cling art sayings and designs that are so popular. I sew too and it cuts fabric that will be a lot of fun. The unit is very sturdy and of high quality. It is kind of like a very long printer. It comes in a nice sturdy retail box I will use as storage when not in use as I don't have room to leave it up all the time and the instructions say keep it away from dust."
"This is really fun! I am a newbie, first cutting machine and I have to say I would have got one of these sooner had I known how handy and fun they would be!

I don't scrapbook, but I am in the process of organizing my house and love how easy it is to cut out cute labels for boxes and bins as I go.  It was very easy to set up and find free designs online.

I have a toddler who loves Batman and this has been great at cutting out bat shapes he thinks are baterangs! :D"
"This cutting machine is nothing short of amazing.... 10 years ago, I can see a device like this costing thousand$.
U don't need to be very tech savvy to get this machine up and running.  The machine cuts your designs...and therein lies the never ending amount of creativity u bring to the table...this includes design software as well as pre made patterns included, as well as monthly freebies from the makers web site.  For those new to design work in general, if u want very sophisticated software, such as from Adobe, u will spend as much or more for the software compared to the cutter.  However, this is only required if you want to exceed the capability of the included software.

The cut quality on my initial runs is quit impressive on Vinyl.  I am sure it will be the same for other thin material...however, having experience with cutting in general, if you plan to move to thicker, or harder materials... the blade sharpness is the key issue for clean cuts.  At the price of these blades, I cant imagine them having a long life on hard materials... so users should keep a good supply of extra blades, changing them often...in an intricate large cutting design in hard material, i would prob. consider changing blades while cutting... not sure how I can generate a pause in the system for this...I have only spent a day with the system so far.  I am curious how well it will cut leather...will report back after I try it...

Overall, the cut precision is incredible for most all art type tasks... the speed is very good for most tasks.

Cons:  well, like all products, we want the product to do more...such as angled cuts, larger cutting areas, etc.  But in all fairness, u can spend thousands to get these added features on higher end cutters.  So for this price point, this small cutter offers tremendous value and its output is limited by your imagination and designs and application skills..."
This is the beat accessory I have for my machine!
"Pros & cons. Makes great cuts, can use images from the internet or from your computer rather than having to buy stamp cartridges like Cricut requires. Cons are you have to use a computer to use it. You hafta buy a separate carry bag to tote it unlike Cricut which had a built-in handle."
"I loved my Cameo and used it to make all kinds of personalized vinyl projects.  But at the one year mark, it completely stopped working.  Im so disappointed as Ive tried everything to troubleshoot the issue.  It should have lasted longer."
Nice. My daughter loves it.
"Great product, price and I love it."
I love this amazing product. There's nothing I would change about it.
Gift for my granddaughter
So hard to figure out!  HELP!
"Love this machine T-shirts, mugs, tumblers, stickers, and so much more!!"
Love my machine!  I can create with it and make many different things.
