Works well at keeping my ring safe while I'm waiting to bring it back to the jewelers for sizing. Comes in 3 sizes and it's comfortable to wear. Great temporary solution!
Doesn't work that great.
"Pleasantly surprised - these were a little tough to get on, but once you begin wrapping it's pretty easy.  I was able to bind two thin rings together to keep them from spinning every which way, and now they look great.  A little difficult to keep clean, however."
I contacted the seller because I didn't receive the product and didn't have an accurate tracking information. The Seller contacted me back right away and offered to refund the cost of the RinGuard and send another set for free! They did send another set and I love it! They fit every ring that I have and feel very comfortable! Love it and will recommend it to everybody!
Love these. Very comfortable.
"So happy to find this product. So much better than wrapping adhesive tape around the ring band. The largest size wasn't really big enough, though. I wish there was a one size larger one."
"I absolutely love these.  I was using the traditional shaped ones before this,  and kept losing them.  This one stays on and fits perfectly.  Couldn't be happier"
love it
"I was skeptical because I have tried others and they just didn't work correctly or were uncomfortable. Mine came today and I love it. I first tried the smallest and while it worked ,my ring was still a bit slippy. I was extremely skeptical the next size would do anything because it was the same size around, just a fraction longer. Well that fraction longer did the trick. My ring fits great and thats BIG for me because I'm tired of rolling rings ,because I have skinny finger with larger knuckles and always actually need smaller  rings but they won't fit over my knuckles. My BIGGEST problem was I was always paranoid if I jammed a ring on and was robbed( ok it can happen. LOL) that the thief would get annoyed and just cut my darn finger off to get my ring.  With this adjuster if I get desperate I can grab an edge and rip the adjuster off to get my ring off. OK I admit I even thought how I can bite this thing off in a second if necessary! Do not take this in anyway to mean it will pop off just my overactive imagination having a plan for emergencies.
I would GUESS this adjuster set works good for making any size UP TO one full size, depending on style of ring ,  fit pretty good. I personally used it to adjust 3/4 a size on a band like shown in the picture.
OH you don't feel it at all once on like a lot of adjusters."
"This ring size adjuster is perfect! Unlike the split-tube / ""hotdog-bun"" designs, this one stays on forever, is easier to clean and is significantly more comfortable than others. I got 4 sizes in my envelope, despite ordering just 3 sizes. I can actually use two of these sizes combined on a single ring, eliminating the need to look again for a functional ring-sizer."
"Love it , so comfy"
Difficult to put on ring. Visible while wearing.
ok
"They look like the photos.  They work like a charm.  Since they are clear, they will work on any color ring material.  I've even cut mine in half and still works."
Great for small fingers
Comes off too easily--will not stay on to wear.
awesome to have for my oversized rings
Plastic has held up well despite much use!
Arrived Quickly! Great Quality!!
Comfortable and worked great for my rings !
Good item
"Bought these as a temporary size adjuster for when I proposed on a vacation. They work great for temporary use, wouldn't recommend to use long term."
"This ring guard is ok. It works pretty well, but the plastic thing moves around a lot when wearing it. And it also comes off a little bit at the ends esp of you have a small finger it can be a bit annoying."
"This ring sizer has worked perfectly. Even when becoming wet, for example when I'm washing my hands, it has remained intact."
Works perfectly. I have tiny fingers so I was able to cut the guard for a more precise and comfortable fit.
"These ring size adjusters are very visible, even if you cut them down.  However, they DO keep your ring on your finger, so they are a great alternative to resizing the ring itself."
Nice ring guard for loose rings
My wife is always loosing or gaining weight so this handy little device saves us tons of money. It comes with enough to use for around a year before you need to order more.
worked wonderfully.
These are a must for anyone who is in between ring sizes. You can cut to adjust as well
It is perfect ring size adjuster for my engagement ring.
I prefer the other style.
Slide around quite a bit
It did not help with my rings. I need the spacers for after I get the ring on.
Nice to have
not very long lasting
Wayyyyyyy over priced.  Buy An pro you will get way more material to last you as the plastic becomes discolored.
The ends don't stay wrapped and stick out.
"I think it is a great concept and thought it was the solution for my Wife's Wedding band and Engagement ring. We used the whole length of the largest of 3 available sizes to get a decent, but not really firm fit. She also was having a problem with the edges of the PVC in the spiral. They are digging into her finger and pinching. It caused a minor abrasion on her finger. Her Wedding band is separate from the Engagement ring so it still was quite loose fitting and could spin on her finger. The Wedding band will not fit up against the Engagement ring as the PVC creates a gap so it spins even easier and does so all the time. She constantly had to adjust it. I ordered this and received it 2 weeks ago today and it is not eligible for return. I think it sat on my night stand for a few days till the weekend came and we sat down to try this kit. People have busy lives. What was the warranty window? Was there even a warranty?  I am reviewing the product and not the service behind the product, otherwise zero stars if I could choose it."
Works well. It does the job.
"Won't ever buy any other type!
Can't feel at all, clear and not noticable"
Love this. Have tried a zillion size adjusters this is far and away the most versatile and longest lasting. Highly recommend
I have been eye balling this ring sizer for a few months now and I finally bought it! The ring sizers you find at the store turn hard and pop off. This one just spiral around your ring and it stays put! I love it! Definitely worth the money!
I use this on my ring and it works great. I actually had to trim it a little bit because it made my ring a little too tight but after the trim it fits comfortably. I'd recommend these for someone who is looking for an affordable and budget friendly way of sizing their ring.
This is perfect. The plastic enhancers are small and not cumbersome. I put it on my ring and forget it's even there
Works well! Best of all the products I've tried.
LOVE THESE ADJUSTERS ARE NOT TO BIG ON MY HAND AND FEEL GREAT
Would be good to have these guards for larger ring bands.
They work really well! I have been using 2 of the 3 on my wedding and engagement rings. They bring the rings a size lower. Only 4 stars because only 1 of 3 sizes are included in the shipment. 2 of each would have been better and more practicable.
My ring is about a 1/2 a size too big and the jewelry store will not resize 1/2 sizes... so I stumbled across these and they are the best ring guards! I've bought other kinds and they do not compare. Well worth the money spent because one lasts a LONG time!
"My s/o bought me a ring that was two sizes too big, luckily I found this little ring guard and let me just say it does the job. It comes in a pack of three but so far I've only needed just the one. I might change it out soon but there's not a need to as it is very durable. Also, it's very comfy and I forget it' even there."
"To be honest, I bought this ring adjuster because I lost my wedding ring  in the yard and had to buy a metal detector to find it. I personally didn't care for this ring adjuster. It was dirty constantly and would scratch my daughter while bathing her. It did keep my ring from falling off. After a week or two I decided to just pay to have my ring taken in. Did it work: yes. Was it comfortable: No."
"I bought an engagement ring but didn't know my fiancee's size, bought this product as an insurance so that she could wear it right away before resizing. Worked perfectly, the ring was way too big but we used the medium size from this product and the ring fit great.

I especially liked that it came with multiple sizes so that you don't have a to guess when making this purchase, if I knew my fiancee's ring size to buy an adjuster then I wouldn't need an adjuster."
"This is the first ring adjuster i have had that actually makes the ring fit, and doesnt fall off.  I love it!"
LOVE this product
This product was great at first but after I wear it for awhile it got loose.
works great
These got funk stuck under them and inside of them. Caused rash on my finger.
Does what it's suppose to.
"Seemed good in theory... but it wouldn't stay wound tightly, it gradually got looser and would start coming off.  Also really easy to get stuff on all the edges that's harder to clean.  My husband actually just ended up settling on having a second, smaller ring above his wedding band to hold it on!"
Did not do what I needed.
"Save your money $$ not worth it, ended up taking it to the jeweler they fixed it"
Worked somewhat. Great idea but the adjuster gets dirty quickly and need to have it cut right so it doesn't rub into your finger.
Easy to use and fit well. Do turn yellow and need to be replaced every month of so
Very please.
"My fianc got me a beautiful engagement ring that was a little bit too big for my finger. I wasn't ready to resize it until summer came around ski needed something to help the ring stay in place until then. This ended up being the thing I used. It worked fine. After about 2 months of use, the coils got a bit discolored.

I recommend getting resized instead of buying this, but of course I understand the need if a temporary thing is making fingers bigger or smaller."
I will order more.
"My engagement ring was a size too large. I was surprised how well this worked. I wore two out of the three for about six months before I got my ring resized. I'm a fidgeter so I would play with them a lot. If used frequently and exposed to water, they do become less flexible and discolored, but they are great for a temporary fix. You can also cut them to whatever size you need."
Works like a charm! Love the fact it's so easy to put on and take off when heat swells fingers!
"Eh, it was uncomfortable and moved around a lot. I decided to resize the ring."
"Used these for an engagement ring that was a bit too big.  I don't like the design of most other ring sizers because they are big and bulky and easily noticeable.  These are easy to put on your ring and easily adjustable.  When I first put it on my ring, the edges felt like they were cutting into my skin and it was fairly uncomfortable.  After a couple of days, the newness wore off and it was actually pretty comfortable.  The material feels vaguely rubbery, so it kind of grips to your skin.  However, that didn't last long.  I never wear my ring when putting on lotion or washing my hands, but the sizer got very nasty and grimy looking.  It lost it's elasticity and slid around the ring constantly.  It also somehow shrunk a bit and my ring didn't fit anymore with the sizer, I had to wear it on a different finger so it didn't fall off.  I used it for about 4 months, and it was good for maybe a month and a half of that.  I think these would be fine if you have a ring that's too big that you plan to get resized soon, or if you don't mind replacing them often."
Works great except it unravels when putting the ring on so it is a little annoying.
"Unlike some ring guards, these have remained rather clear, so it's more difficult to see that you're wearing an adjustment.  They can be cut smaller if the ring isn't too much bigger than you wish.  Sometimes the end will roll off a little bit, but it's easy to re-roll it back to the proper spot.

They are easy to put on and off, and the pricing isn't bad."
Love these! Very helpful with keeping loose fit rings on.
"I use this on my engagement ring, which is about 2.5 sizes too large. It's been 1.5 years and it hasn't gotten close to falling off with this thing!"
works great
Not really three different sizes.  Just three different lengths.  I needed different diameters.
"While this ring guard works well, it is outrageously over priced.  For the price paid, there should have been lots more than 3 in the package. I won't buy it again."
Didn't work well for the ring I had.
Poor quality. Unravels easy. Keep looking. I would not buy these again
Ok not for everyday use.
Great product!
"It doesn't work, always unraveling and I have to continue all day fumbling with it."
Does not stay on ring!
"love that it makes my engagement ring fit snug and secure. Also protects bottom of the ring from bumps and scrapes on rocks or the desk or door knobs. Slightly annoying as it does trap dirt and soap scum, but that is to be expected. I take the sizer off the band and scrub the ring once a week anyway, because i work in a medical lab environment and perform hand hygiene constantly, leading to lots of soap buildup. But, love the security and peace of mind afforded by this small addition to my ring."
Didn't work. Could feel it on my fingers and irritated me.
It Keeps unraveling. I Have to constantly re wrap it. I would not recommend it  but it maybe good for emergencies.
works well
Awesome product easy to use works great.don't even see it on my engagement ring
I bought these for my daughter. She initially love this item. She said it was a lot more comfortable then the old fashioned metal bar. The down side to this item is it only lasted about 2 weeks when worn daily.
Best ring size adjusters do not even feel it's on and not seen!
This item serves it purpose and should save you from loosing a ring that is too big. However it is not a long term solution for me because it is not very comfortable
"I had lost weight and my wedding ring was falling off. I first wrapped it with paper tape. One of my grown daughters suggested I find a solution on Amazon. This had good reviews so I ordered it. I haven't removed it since I got it months ago. It is something I had to get used to, but I can wash my hand, shower and clean the kitchen feeling my 46 year old wedding set was safe. My husband hasn't even noticed it, and we hold hands quite a bit. I highly recommend it."
Only good for thin sized rings.
"Not very practical. You can't do things like apply lotion, hair oil or jell or touch anything thats liquid because it sips through the adjuster and you have to take it out to rinse it. Very annoying to have to do that every time."
"It does do the trick, but its not for your everyday jewelry. This is more for that ring given to you that is too cheap to get refitted. For a wedding band that you use every day, you are better off getting it resized. The adjuster accumulates dirt and sweat, overall not very hygenic."
The guards are so delicate and not so hard or thick for the rings to fit perfectly to our fingers...I was accepting this since the day the ordered this but it was a big disappointment. Dobt buy it .
"They seemed to loosen up, didn't really work for me"
"One minor and one major gripe with this product:

Minor - Doesn't easily apply to a wider band (e.g. mens), when stretched out beyond it's molded shape, the ends flare up and will randomly snag on things
Major - It doesn't last well.  Whether it is skin oils or just wear and tear, it began to break down after several months, cracking and snapping off"
Much better than the straight tube ring adjusters. More comfortable. Works.
Works awesome if your ring is only slightly too small. Don't think this would work if your ring is much too big.
Wife didn't want to resize ring. This works.
These are sooooo much better than the metal ring size adjusters! They are easy to put on& are more comfortable.
Quick delivery and perfect for what I needed. Would purchase again!
worked well
"Easy to add and remove from rings without causing any damage like other size adjusters. If you just need a small adjustment when your fingers shrink during the winter or if the sizing difference isn't worth the cost and effort of sending it to be resized, then this is definitely a product for you."
"Easy to use, different sizes available, comfortable and discreet"
"Would work great if I didn't have a thick band. A few different sizes are included but because I have 3 bands fused together, it didn't quite work for me. Cool product though!"
"BEST size adjusted I have ever used! Easy, discreet and VERY comfortable! Highly recommend this product!"
"Tried many ring sizers, but this is the most inconspicuous & most comfortable of any on the market. Highly recommended!"
"Not sure I like these. They work, yes - but don't fit well on even slightly wider band and they move around and slightly uncomfortable. I don't think I'll buy again."
I used the RinGuard Ring Size adjusters on two rings that I received for Christmas.  Both rings were a little too large and could slip off.  The ring size adjusters reduced the size enough that they won't slip off without making them tight.
The edges don't always remain smooth and in place.  I have to keep smoothing them out.  Also my ring fell off my finger with this device. My ring is one size too big.  This device is good for rings that are a half size bigger or less.
"This is a great temporary fix to keep your ring on. I have had mine a few months and love it, easy to put on and fairly comfortable, no pinching. The only down fall is that its starting to get discolored but I would still buy these again."
I bought this but don't even use it. It kept getting caught on my finger.
Didn't work on wide band ring.
Perfect!
"Works great as far as the sizing aspect, but comes unwound."
I would not recommend this ring guard for larger width rings.  The plastic got dirty very quickly and the ends kept slipping off the band.
works really well
"Not good for larger male fingers. Didn't work, and threw away."
"This size adjuster works better than anything else I've tried.  It's not perfect, but it's pretty good.

My rings are a little big on most days, but my hands sometimes swell, so I don't want to have the rings sized down.  I like that I can wrap two rings together.  I have a fairly large center stone and this ring guard keeps it upright rather than rotating to the side.

I found it helps to wrap in a direction so that the tail faces toward the fingernail so that the adjuster doesn't unwrap itself when I put the rings on.

I would consider trying something else if it looked promising.  Of the several that I have tried so far, this one has worked best."
We received the item quickly and it was exactly what we expected! Thank you so much!!!!
"These adjusters did not do a good job of preventing my ring from spinning around and the sizes all seemed to be the same. The price is too high for three pieces of plastic that don't get the job done. I'd try the other adjuster style that's just a piece of plastic with a slit to insert the ring band (it's bulkier, so no spinning)."
Do not work.  Don't waste your money.
Plastic stretches out over time and begins to unwind (very annoying). Fine if you only need slight adjustment for short period of time.
Keeps moving and about to start peeling off
really tiny...hard to use
Waste of money - keeps working its way off the ring - very annoying.
"Really hard to put on, the ring. Tries to come off when taking ring off. If it's too long it's interesting trying to trim it so that you can't feel it when you wear the ring. I made it work. But I think I'll just go back to the non-coiled type."
Worked well for about an hour then started to unravel.
Works great!  I love that it came with three options to work with.
These really worked great! It could be a bit less expensive though. They do get a bit dirty.
Works very well.
"I have lost weight and my wedding rings are loose and spin around my finger driving me nuts. I put one of the spirals on and it ""worked"" and kept my rings from separating and spinning however it took several days to get used to. Within a week I got used to it and would give it 4 stars at that point. Yesterday marked 5 weeks of wearing the spiral adjuster and I threw it away as it became hard and rigid. I put on another spiral, a larger size, and it ""works"" but again, it feels different, I'm aware of its presence and it'll take some getting used to, again."
These are somewhat flimsy and don't hold up too well but reasonable for the price
"The ring guards are fine for a short-term fix.  I wouldn't want to have to rely on these if needing to wear them on an everyday basis.  They are somewhat annoying because although the ""coil"" effect seems to work better than just the ""split-plastic"" or rubber ring guard, it still seems to work itself off the ring.  Again, short-term fix is ok, but if you really love your ring, get it sized & avoid the hassle of having to use these."
"comes off too easily and way too expensive for what you get,"
They work great!
Love it!
"These are the best ring adjusters i have tried. Super comfortable, easy to trim for fit, and lasts a decent amount of time."
These ring guards are easy to use and comfortable on my rings.  Easy on and off.  The only downside is that even the largest one isn't big enough for my husband's ring.
Simple temporary problem solver .
"The rings fit better, but I found mine kept coming ""undone"", or that you always have to take off the ring to put on lotion, watch hands, etc., as the soap/lotion gets stuck in-between the plastic coils."
I have tiny fingers. (Size 4.5 wedding band) I inherited couple rings and the Ringaurd makes it possible to enjoy them.
"This item arrived on time, and it's great if you're looking for something temporary."
Awful
I didn't care for this product it unwinds and moves on the ring
"On a wide men's ring, it had a difficult time wrapping around.  Application of a heat gun reformed the plastic a bit, but it's not a permanent fix.  That said, it's held for 3 weeks, until I can get to a jeweler to resize the ring (not easy, since it's titanium)"
A bit bulky feeling. Didn't really make the ring any smaller either.
Great service good product works well
Pro: It definitely helps keep my ring in place when it's on correctly but Con: It tends to loosen and uncurl from the ring the longer I wear it so I'm adjusting it throughout the day.
The plastic slides up the ring when you're wearing it.
"Using to size down my engagement ring after losing some weight.  Easy to apply and change the amount you are trying to size by using more or less coils. Comfortable, can't tell it's on."
Good for temporary use
"I use these for a short while, but I would not buy again. It worked the first week or so, but unfortunately it got very dirty even though I washed my hands and my rings everyday and also easily stretched out and not very fitting to the band after a few uses."
Not worth the money
"It's a good product, but tends to slip around and not stay in place."
Works great
"These work well for what it's designed for. Put on weeks ago and has stayed on thru baths, washing dishes, etc without any sign of unraveling."
works perfectly for making my ring a snug fit
Does the job! I use with my ring all the time. Effortless and handy! Love
"I love this product! Unlike other ring guards I've tried these stay on the ring, stay in place, are not bulky, and you can barley tell I'm wearing it. I use these for all my rings now!

Update: It has been a year since Ive started wearing these everyday and they are great but all of them have broken apart overtime and now Im in need of new ring guards."
"I've been wearing this Ring Guard for the past couple days and I'm not impressed with it like I thought id be.
First off, the spirals rub up against my pinky finger and middle finger and bothers me, however, I know I can cut the length shorter but it doesn't fit right, none of the sizes do.
Second, It slides on my ring and isn't tight fitting like I thought it would be.
Last of all , When I mess with my hair it gets tangled up in the spirals.

I do not suggest anyone to spend the money on this Ring Size Adjuster unless you like the above statements."
Took a minute to get on but does the trick. Good product!
"These can be kind of sharp on the edges after you trim them, but they work well."
"My engagement ring was about 2 sizes too big. I wanted to wear it around before looking into resizing. The product was fine and wasn't noticeable when showing off my new accessory. However, two weeks was long enough dealing with it and ended up getting it resized."
Easy to put on and very comfortable. I will be ordering more for my other rings.
Loved it
"The ring guard is a comfortable solution in keeping your ring from sliding. The down side is the guards don't last very long, a month or two for me. Also there was only one guard that actually worked. The other 2 were ill fitting"
Worked for what I needed
Didn't work for me. I returned them.
Easy solution for rings that are too big or spin.
"Though they help to temporarily resize a ring, they do not stay in place, and even came off.  No matter how many loops I used, they did not stay on and the ends would unwrap anb stick out.  Do not recommend."
"It doesn't stay wrapped around the ring, and very uncomfortable. Get's caught in my hair and pulls. I can't recommend this product. It's also expensive for what you get."
This is perfect. My engagement ring is loose in the winter. Allows me to wear it all winter long w a snug fit without having to resize!
A little bit cheaper than expected. Don't stay in place and unravel often. But for what they are they do better than tape.
It did adjust size of ring to fit my finger. DON'T THINK IT WILL LAST LONG.  IT BEGINS TO UNWRAP WHEN TAKEN ON AND OFF.
Perfect fit and does exactly what it was designed for! I was skeptical but now glad I made the purchase.
works great
Takes a little bit of adjusting to get the ring guards to stay in place and not poke your fingers. Overall good product!
Comfortable and makes my ring fit me
"+It comes in three sizes
+It is almost invisible
+You can take it off, and then put back again, if necessary"
I bought this primarily to keep my engagement ring from spinning. I used a 3mm wrap on it and only wrapped it three times. It stays perfectly now and brought the ring down about half a size. I definitely recommend this for stubborn rings or slight adjustments. I've tried the slip on adjusters before that look like a tube with a cut down the side to insert and those always fell off or poked at my finger strangely. This doesn't do anything odd and feels natural. Love them!!
"I'm very happy with this Ring Sizer.  I had previously purchased the Ring Snuggie, it was a thick tube and hard to fit to the ring.  Plus it felt like it was always there and I had to remove it to take off the ring.  And then I was worried it would fall off because it had one cut down the longways and I was always worried if it rubbed on something, it would peel off.  It started to separate after wearing it for a week and removing it too.

I've had THIS sizer on my ring for about 3 days and it works great.  I barely notice it on there, even though I had to use the largest size.  Good thing I bought the 3 pack because I had no idea what size I would need.  It is smaller than the Ring Snuggie, but its not as awkward and was so much easier to apply.  PLUS, I didn't use the whole sizer, so now if something were to happen to this one, I still have more to wrap around and fit to this ring.  I plan to use this all winter as my fingers shrink in cold weather.  I will update again in a few months, it will not start to warm up here for another 2 months before I think I will notice any difference in my finger size."
"the guard slides on the shank of the ring and catches on clothing, etc. it does not keep the ring from turning on my finger."
My engagement ring was purchased two ring sizes too big. I decided to wait to get it fitted until closer to the wedding so I purchased these ring guards. Almost immediately I started to have an allergic reaction on my hand and fingers which became covered in extremely itchy small red bumps. I obviously discontinued using them but the redness and itchiness lasted about a week. Do not. It if you have sensitive skin!!!!!!!
"This ring guard is amazing! My engagement ring was a size 6 and I'm normally a size 5! So my ring was a bit big, but since your fingers are much smaller in the cold, we want to wait until summer to size it. In the meantime, this ring guard fits PERFECTLY! I used two of the sizes that come in the package, because with one my ring was still turning around on my finger. So I just took the next size and twirled it right on top of the first, and it's perfect! It feels so comfortable, I can't even tell it's there.

My only concern would be for washing my hands & putting on lotion. I've made it a habit not to take off my ring in public places in fear that I'll forget it or someone will snatch it, but I'm wondering if the soap/water/lotion will get stuck under the guard & make it all nasty!"
I started getting in shape last year so my fingers shrank. This kept me from losing my wedding ring more than once.
This has saved my engagement ring! It's slightly too big but I don't want to get it resized just yet and these adjusters make it fit perfectly. I actually prefer to have the spacer on now because it makes it feel more secure. Such a good investment.
I lost a lot of weight a few years ago - so much that a simple sizing at a jewelry store would have popped the settings off my rings.  I had been wearing them with a plastic tube-like thing so my rings wouldn't fall off.  It was ugly and uncomfortable.  These spiral size adjusters work like a charm and they are not ugly and clunky when you turn your hand over.
Did just what I needed -- easy-peasy.
Didn't work whatsoever
Excellent
These pretty much suck. They don't fit on anything but an ultra thin band and they start to unwind at the ends when you take the ring off. Overpriced for what they are.
Like these except they move around too much
"Worked great, though lotion/food/dirt gets stuck in there easily. Not a permanent solution, or even for more than a few weeks at most."
"I have been using the small size for 5 months now, and still works great! It does get a bit grimy and dirty, but you just gotta take it off and clean it up. No damage has been done to my ring from this."
"THIS IS THE BEST!!! I mean the BEST ring guard I have ever used! My engagement ring is big on me, but I did not want it resized since we are getting married in less than three months and I will need to get my ring resized when I add my band to it. The jewelry store added a metal ring guard to my ring and it scratch it all up, and my ring was still sliding all over the place. Plus it continued to pinch my finger. Once we changed it to this ring guard, it was like night and day! It is literally invisible and super comfortable! My ring stays in place, and I can finally rest easy that it is not going to slip of my finger! If you are looking for a solution I recommend this product! You will not be disappointed!"
These work well and are easy to put on.  They do sort of bug me when I'm wearing them though (not that any other sizer wouldn't).  Now that I've had them for several months the ends tend to come up a little and catch on things but for what I paid I am not unhappy.
This product did not work for me as I hoped. My wedding band is probably a size 11 and my finger is about a size 8 and even after using the largest spiral adjuster is still won't fit right. The largest spiral adjust seems to also have an issue wrapping around the band itself. I'm still looking for a better solution.
this doesn't work AT ALL.  Too annoyed to even try to return it.  LAME
My boyfriend got me a promise ring and it was a little loose for winter time since your fingers shrink in the wintertime. These helped it stay on and feel tight to not fall off.
"While great in theory and effective in sizing ring to a smooth comfortable fit, once the clear plastic spiral is cut to size, the cut end unravels from the ring shaft causing a partial unraveling of the adjuster and an end that protrudes.. Even if the cut end of the adjuster is placed on the inside edge of the ring, it does not stay in place and rubs against the finger."
"Not as thick as need be to hold ring in place. Does help the slide but my ring still ""swings"" around on my finger, just not as easily"
It was very difficult to try to get on the ring. and was also very bulky fitting on my finger.  Would not recommend this to anyone.
"It seems to help a little, but I'm not too impressed with it."
"Didn't really work for my 5 mm wedding band, but it would clearly work MUCH better on rings that are much smaller in width. I'll try the smallest one on a diamond ring that I occasionally wear."
"I love these things!  Often I buy a ring on vacation that fits, only to have it be too big when I arrive home and my hands aren't puffy from heat and humidity any more.  I actually wear a size 6-1/2, but most rings only come in whole sizes.  I buy size 7 because the 6 is too snug and won't go over my knuckle.  Enter these handy little coils!  My rings don't slide around to the palm of my hand any longer.  Just wrap a few coils on the band, try the ring on, add or remove coils as needed and cut the extra off.  Keep it as it may be just right to make another ring fit."
It's OK
This is heaven sent. It fit my rings really well and doesn't come off when I wash my hands like other ones I've tried.
This thing is constantly uncoiling; more of a distraction than it's worth.
They are okay. I need to trim mine a lot because they are super long. They are more comfortable than other types I've tried BUT they do get discolored pretty fast and are very noticeable.
It keeps coming undone and unwraps itself then starts digging into your finger
They work fine. These have been the easiest to use.
"I wore a ring on my left ring finger that I really loved. When I became engaged at Christmas I had to move it to my right hand. It was too small so I had it sized. Apparently, my finger got smaller before I got it back. I tried several things before ordering these. This is the best thing ever!  I can't even feel it."
My sizing changes with the weather and this has been perfect.  I thought it would bother me when I had it on but I don't even notice.  I ended up trimming the size I used to where it was the most comfortable.
"It is uncomfortable for me to wear.  Maybe just because I can feel it, and it still turns on my finger."
The plastic sometimes rubs the back of my fingers. It definitely helps with the fit of my ring though.
It slides off. Wont stay wrapped.  I guess I need a more permanent solution.
Works well! Keeps ring from spinning around on my finger.
"I have a ring that's a size 6 and my ring finger is really a 5.  I didn't want to send it in to be resized because I love it and don't want to be parted from it for 1-2 weeks, and there's always the worry that someday my fingers may swell and a resized ring would no longer fit.  I read reviews and hoped for the best.
The loops aren't too noticeable when my hand is palm up, and unless someone was really, really looking the loops act as a magnifier and just make the band look thicker.
It's comfortable, my biggest complaint with the un-sized ring was that as I would type the stones would work themselves palm-side, and I had a constant battle of readjusting (or even taking my ring off all together to type).  But, I'm sitting here typing up a storm and my ring hasn't rotated at all.
Quick delivery and easy to put on the ring.  3 units that can be trimmed if needed.  I hadn't seen anything like this in a local craft store, etc., so I don't know if the price is comparable if found locally.  I felt like this was a good value.  I put the other two units in an unused compartment of my jewelry box in case I ever needed them for another ring or if the first one wears out."
impractical and useless.
Great help after losing a little weight.
You get what you pay for. It doesn't stay on too well it gets loose and moves along your ring but for $6 I can't really complain too much.
Exactly as described! My ring was one size too big and I used these as a temporary solution before getting my ring resized. The adjuster slides on easily and you can hardly tell that its there. The adjuster is rubber so it did not leave any marks on my ring when it was removed. I would highly recommend!
"The plastic coils only seem to fit properly around a thin ring, otherwise the coils come loose from the ring on either end which irritates the skin on ring and other fingers. I tried cutting the loose ends off, then the size adjustment was barely useful. Also, the product is VERY expensive considering how limited its usefulness and quantity."
Works well for a few weeks then seems to spread out and slip around the ring.
This really works! My fiance proposed and the ring was far too big for my finger. I bought this because it offered three sizes. I have been using this for two weeks and I am confident that my ring won't slip or slide off. Its discrete and won't damage my ring. I have small fingers and the other two sizes will be great for my other rings that are a tad too big. 100% recommend
These are horrible. They last only a week or so and when you try to cut it to the length you desire it really just messes up the whole spiral.
These are the best ring size adjusters out there. I recommend cutting it in half at first and then cutting smaller from there so you have an extra piece to work with once it wears down.
Come undone on edges
"perfect! my rings are a half size to big. I was able to cut 2 of the coils in half because of the length, the 3rd one was shorter, will probably have to trim. easy to apply."
Not good. Didn't stay on the ring.
The best news here is that I still have my ancient Roman ring on my finger. Hoorah!!!
Works great
"I ordered this because my ring is two sizes too big. It comes off when I slide my finger on, and then I have to rewrap the ends back onto the ring. I wouldn't use this while washing hands, cleaning, using lotions, etc. It leaves a residue between the ring and the ring guard."
"Have a gorgeous ring I never wore because I was afraid it would fall off. Got one of these, had to cut a few of the spirals off but I love it! Has made my ring wearable"
"got annoying over time and when you wash or put lotion on ur hands it would stay on the ring guard, which got annoying"
I wish I could return it but they are smart. Not worth the money and the $2.88 ring snuggie at Walmart is ten times sturdier and much better quality. Don't do it!! Should be no stars but I'm newly engaged and happy for my ring and new snuggie.
My ring has a wide band and these tent to constantly begin to come off. Always having to rewind the ends.
The plastic took a little getting use to. I had to cut them all because they were just to big. They went up the sides of the ring and it was extremely uncomfortable because it was not as soft as it seemed. The other problem is it gets dirty real quick and not easy to clean. I would probably not buy again.  If you need something for short time and cheap then this is the product. Not something to be used long term.
Moves about too much!
"Only ring size adjuster that works! I've tried several others, and this is the only real customizable one. Perfect for that in-between size or for someone like me whose fingers swell when it's really hot - when you don't need/want to change your actual ring size."
Great experience
Got mine today. & the small guard made my ring fit perfectly!! Plus now I don't have to worry about scratching it or it slipping off! It didn't take long to arrive & it was Easy to put on. I'm happy with it.
"Not a huge fan of these but it'll work until I remember to buy the solid ones. Because it isn't a solid piece, it kind of pinches the finger and gets dirtier as well. It also occasionally unwinds a bit from the ring if you are doing anything with your hands."
this is a great item.  Comes with 3 pieces that can easily  be cut into 9 pieces.  No pinching or feel at all.
"Unravels, but very rarely and not to a point of annoyance.  I'm glad I got it.  I can wear my engagement ring without fearing it will fall off."
Nice item. Note: if you're buying this keep in mind that it is for temporary use.
Doesn't work well.  Not recommended.
"Did not stop my ring from slipping.  Even tried wrapping it around my engagement ring AND my band, still slipped."
the ends come unraveled easy - but I like the fact you don't see it on the ring.
"Got it to size my engagement ring until the summer when I can see how it fits once my fingers swell a little in the heat before getting the ring itself resized. This is comfortable and perfect for smaller rings and smaller fingers. I don't even notice it anymore, and have actually had a lot of compliments on how the sizer itself looks on the ring."
- it rolls off if you take ring on and off finger a few times
doesn't stay in place. unravels
There were three different sizes included. This worked well and isn't noticeable. Comfortable too.
"Not bad, did the job for my wife's ring."
will order more
Don't buy this. The ends unravel and scratch and soaps and lotions get caught in it... It eventually gets loose and worthless. I had mine for a week :(
These are easy to loop around my rings & extremely comfortable. So much easier to use than the solid type.
"I was hoping this would solve my problem since my ring always slides around and I don't want to resize it in case I retain water or gain weight at all, you may need to cut off a few rings from the spiral, otherwise they may end up popping out at the sides on you.  It's not terrible, but not great either."
"I have a rather large solitare diamond engagement ring, during the cold winter months the ring started to twist and ""flop"" around.  I looked online for various solutions, I wish I had tried this earlier. Works perfectly- so easy! It took less than 15 seconds to twist the coil onto my ring.  I used the smallest guard (there are 3 sizes in the bag) and I didn't need to make any other adjustments- my ring now fits extremely snugly but very comfortably.  And now my ring does't move around on my finger!"
Does not work like I was expecting
Fell off immediately
"It works as intended but it's a bit sharp. I got it for my husband and when he holds my hand or touches me I can feel this thing is kind of rough and scratchy. However, it does the job and makes his ring more snug."
"This does its job! Especially for the price. I wouldn't recommend this as a lifelong fix, but perfect as a temporary solution. My engagement ring is a little loose, but will fit perfectly once I have my wedding band on with it.
If you're looking for a long term solution... stop beating this product up and go have it adjusted by a jeweler."
"Easy to put on,  ring is now snug.  Haven't worn it out much but so far so good"
Awesome guard or quick resize. You can hardly see it. Nice
It arrived on time but wasn't what I expected. I purchased this for a ring that is one size too big but I put two of the adjusters on the ring and it is still too loose.
Really uncomfortable.
Perfect for my wedding ring that gets a little loose in the winter. Item comes with set of three. Slick and easy to put on!
I think these could be useful for some people. My ring is wider so by the time I spun the plastic around the whole ring there would be an annoying end piece that didn't quite fit under the ring. I tried cutting them and such but my ring doesn't allow for it. After awhile it was just annoying me because dirt and crap would get stuck and it would make the piece dirty. I felt that tape was doing a better job and was more comfortable overall. I think I would have liked the pieces that were like a noodle that had a slit in them then one of these spiral pieces. But honestly if you need one just buy it and see how you like it ! It's worth a try then you losing an exspensive ring or having to get it resized! I got lucky and my engagement ring has formed to my finger and I no longer need anything there ! This would probably work a lot better for a ring that had a thinner band too
"Nice ring sizers, but did not work for multiple bands put together"
I find that sometimes it comes unwound and sticks into my finger
My ring still moved around but not as much.
"I've had this product on my ring from almost a year now and it holds up so well. I used to use regular sizers from Walmart and would have to replace them every couple of months, but just one of these has lasted me almost a year and still doesn't need to be replaced. The spiral cut helps them grip well and they work perfectly for my rings. Great product!"
I bought this item not to resize my ring but to try and hold my wedding band set together instead of getting them saudered together permanently. Even the smallest one with just barely two wraps around made my ring too tight. So I think I would work well for what it's actually meant for but useless if you ring already fits snugly to hold sets together.
Ordered these multiple times at this point. Great product.
This product provides a good temporary fix. It works as intended but the rubber is visible and it slides up the sides of the rings constantly.
doesn't add too much to the ring. I suggest that they have one that will add 1mm and another that adds 1.5mm etc.
Thank you
Haven't figured out how to get it on my rings.
I lift weights daily and didn't feel safe taking my engagement ring on and off every time I went to the gym.  I bought and used this to protect my ring from the weights and it works perfectly!
I got my ring a half size up because I have to take it on/off constantly for work. However I want to fit nicely when it is on so this does the trick! It helps you get in between sizes.
the wife loves it
Just so so.  Did help to keep my ring from being too loose but it constantly moved around on the ring itself so would end up near the top of the ring.  Finally ended up taking it off because it annoyed me.  Going to look for a more permanent solution.
If you're looking to wrap two rings then don't even try. It's a great concept but a hassle to try to put on even one ring.
Awesome!
Bought single sizer and it kept falling off.  This is the best design ever.  Quick delivery!!
It was a good idea until I washed my hands then it would come loose everytime. It lasted about 2 weeks maybe. I usually don't take my ring off to shower or wash my hair but if you want it to last longer then I highly recommend that you do every time. Otherwise it worked well. Beware that if you are sensitive to plastic it will bother you and you will definitely notice it's there.
"Exactly what I needed and a great price. I have a ring that fits great in the summer but I fear will
fall off in the winter. This is easy enough to take off/put on and gives me peace of mind."
Kept unwinding and wouldn't stay on the ring. Needed bigger size.
Doesn't stay on ring. In a hurry and need a fix ok it'll do in a pinch. But not long term.
Go with another option. This didn't last on my husbands ring a week...
I needed a short term (2 week) solution to sizing down a ring till the jeweler has time to size it. They'd given me a plastic sizer and it kept popping off and I was afraid of losing the ring. This won't pop off. I've used the two larger sizes and didn't cut (trying to take over a size off). Would definitely recommend.
It does the job
These are great!
"The first ring size adjuster that didn't crap out after a couple of days wear.  The lengths are generous and I was able to use one adjuster to accommodate 2 rings by cutting it in half.  I'd say I'd buy it again, but I don't think I'll need to.  It's great option when resizing isn't an option."
"As strange as you will find this, as I did, be patient.  I thought this will never work cause winding it about the ring is a bit tricky and it does seem to want to come undone.  The warmth of your finger takes care of keeping it where it belongs and it will pay off in a few days.  Trust me!  I now love it."
"They were well but mine seemed to wear out quickly! I would recommend these for temporary use but not long term. I use mine for long term and I barely notice that I'm wearing them anymore. However, it does sometimes scratch up your finger and holds water a lot!"
"I like this, only problem is the plastic slides around on the ring and kind of stretches.  I can still use it and it is confortable. So, I would buy it again knowing all this."
"NEVER HEARD MY MOM SO EXCITED.  She got a tanzanite and opal inlay ring 2010 for my parents anniversary and it has always been too big, is top heavy and due to the inlay on the side they were not able to size it down to the correct size for her.  She has gone to countless jewelers who all tell her the same thing - they won't touch it because of the inlay.  I got her this sizer for Christmas in hopes that finally something would work - she just called and is OVERYJOYED that her ring now fits perfectly!!!  She was about to have the ring redesigned - so this was absolutely perfect.  I was skeptical but IT WORKS!!"
I ordered these and they. Fell off my rings in one day and they will only fit a small band
Awesome
"The plastic just starts to annoy you after a while (or, okay, they started to annoy me). And I think it was less sanitary actually because sweat and soap and anything else on your hands gets on the plastic."
They don't stay on.
I don't usually review products but this product is awesome and it works! The instructions are clear which is also a plus. My engagement ring was a 1/2 size too big and this locks it into place and I don't even feel them on my finger. LOVE LOVE!
This ring sizer wouldn't stay in place. Moved all around my ring but still didn't keep my ring in place.
"I found it hard to work with initially.  But I kept trying.  It did make my ring fit better and was more comfortable than a metal device the jewelery store guy put into another ring that can not be resized because it is a ""tension set"".  I would order this product again now that I know how to use it."
Fits very comfortable.
"These come in a package of three ring guards and in different sizes (lengths). A far better solution to helping secure a ring, than the bulky plastic guards that are currently available. Made of a soft, flexible rubber like plastic that is easy to manuver onto a ring. Fantastic and brilliant idea! I will be getting a few more!"
"These are great.  I got my rings resized a couple years ago before they were too snug.  Well, the jewelry store sized them too large and I hardly wore them for fear of losing them.  Ordered these adjusters and I can now wear my rings without any worries.  They work great and love that they are clear.  Really good product."
"I'm giving this 2 stars only because it saved me from my rings falling off again before I could get them sized down. The adjuster is uncomfortable,  clunky & kept pinching my skin. I only wore it for a few hours before I had to pull it off & settle for not wearing my rings at all until my jeweler was back in town."
These work great
This works well so far. I've used this for a few days now and it's still comfortable and stays in place. This ring was only a half size too big and this prevents the ring from sliding to my knuckle or sliding around.
it works for temporary purposes
"My engagement ring fell off, and luckily I found it.  A friend recommended this, and it worked very well.  My only complaint is that it felt sharp on the edge...maybe the way I cut it."
These work awesome.  You can trim them to fit and they are virtually invisible!
Great way to fix a ring that is to big
Does the job for the most part. I used two adjuster to get a good fit. I used the biggest of the 3 and then wrapped the smallest around that one. I have to take my ring off to wash my hands otherwise soap will get under it and the adjuster will slide. I also remove whan putting on location or anything slippery for that matter. Not as comfortable as sometimes i think my ring is upside down but its actually the adjuster. Not the best but it keeps my ring from falling off. I also have to adjust my ring back  to center but not all of the time but often enough to mention. I have had a metal adjuster before and would prefer it if it is affordable for you. Quick fix but not premanent.
"The only ring sizer I will ever get! Fits all rings, and is comfortable. Would buy again."
"Worked OK on thin rings but did not work on heavier rings
Save your money and go to the jeweler."
THEY WORK AS THEY ARE SUPPOSE TO BUT THEY SLIDE A LITTLE.  THEY HOLD WATER AFTER WASHING ONE'S HANDS AS WELL WHICH IS A LITTLE ANNOYING.
Simple easy to use. Works perfectly!
Worthless.  Waste of money (in my opinion)
Just did not work right.
Fits just right  quick shipping
Comfy!
This is EXACTLY what I've needed and didn't know there was such a thing until it came up on the Deal of the Day yesterday.  I am finally able to wear a few of my rings that have always been a bit too big causing the stone to twist around my finger all day.  I will definitely be keeping these on hand and referring my friends!
Don't work very well but cheap so I didn't expect much
"I love these, they have made rings that were too big wearable again! The plastic can be a little annoying after a full day of wear but really unless the ring is just huge on you, you don't even notice it's there."
"AMAZING!!
I just got this today and I'm So Happy with it.
I lost weight and haven't been able to wear my rings. And to make it better, it holds both of my rings together. I'm just amazed with it. Hope it lasts! There are 2 more in the package :)
Oh and you can't feel it either."
"When my boyfriend bought my ring it was just a little bit too big so I wore a smaller band around my finger to keep it on but it looked tacky. When I saw this product I was a little skeptical but I tried it out anyway because of the price! I'm glad I did, because it works! It comes with three different sizes so you can see which one best suits your needs. I've been wearing my ring no problem for the last couple of months. Only problem is that it can get dirty beneath the plastic band, but that's not a manufacturing problem >.<"
This ring guard is a billlion times better than others i have tried that fell off in one day. This one has been on my ring for a week and going strong.
"This worked extremely well for my engagement ring which seems to be about a size too big. I didn't want to get it resized again because my fingers swell up a bit in the summer so this did the job! No spinning, no moving and easy to put on and take off."
"it's what you'd expect. a cheap piece of bendable clear plastic material that fits around your ring. pretty ingenious solution.

it works and it's not uncomfortable but it's not a permanent fix.  give it about two weeks to form to your ring before you decide to cut it or not.

I have a 1/4"" (6.35 mm) mens wedding band and it fits fine. best part is I don't feel like it's going to fling off my hand.  lost one star because the fit is far from perfect in my application, but it works.

also seems to provide some protection for the palm side of the ring as an added benefit."
Works just fine
Horrible. Waste of money. Slides all around your ring.  Would give it zero stars if I could.
Doesn't work at all
"Not to happy with only three per package and it being the price it is but......It filled in the space of my vintage ring. The ring was already resized but due to the style it could not be safely sized to 5.25 and only 5.5, thus I needed a adjuster. These won't help for huge gaps but does do the job for a half of a size for sure. I give 5 stars because it works, its easy to put on and is comfortable enough to wear all day. Just beware there is only three in package of three different sizes. All in all I am happy with my purchase."
"Meh. I'm a pianist and my rings flopping on my fingers is out of the question. I either have to stop wearing them, which I really don't want to, or get them resized. I thought I'd try a ring guard as a temporary fix. These are not what I had in mind. Anything you get on your hands, lotion, hair product, soap, etc will end up in the guard and have to be cleaned. Also, after a couple weeks of wearing them they started to get loose. When I put my rings on, if I'm not careful, the guard will unwind and come off on one side--or both. This is aggravating. Also, the ends are rough and I would scratch myself when washing my face or I'd scratch my kids. Bottom line is I'm going to have to look for something else."
Didn't work that we'll for me.  I took it off about 4 days later.  My ring still turned on my finger and it kept pinching me.
"easy to apply, best sizer I have found."
The band on my ring is very narrow so the RinGuard slipped around.  I ended up taking it off because I was fiddling with it more than I adjusted my ring.
Uncomfortable
Goes on ring easily but make the ring tight and difficult to remove.
Its just ok.  The plastic unwinds off the band and then its kinda just hanging there.  Probably wouldn't order it again.
Happy wife! Thanks!
Fitted perfectly.
"Pretty decent product if you need a quick fix for a ring. I don't recommend this as a long term solution. It definitely made the ring feel secure on my finger and the ring never slid off.

However, soap, lotion, everything, got under the adjuster and was a pain to clean. The ring was difficult to take off with the adjuster in place, so I'd have to take the adjuster off and put it back into place when I wanted to wear the ring again. And, perhaps the most annoying, this is a twisted design meant to wrap around the ring band. The ends kept uncurling from the band and poking up."
"Just got this yesterday for my engagement ring. For what it is worth, so far so good. May probably wear in time, but is still an effective product."
Work perfectly.  Better than any other I've tried.
This is one of the best ring guards I have ever tried.  The spiral design means it is not bulky and you can customize it easily.  It also does not hold water when you wash your hands.
Don't waste your money.
"These guards are junk. One would not stay on from the beginning, the next one lasted shorter than a day, the third lasted at most 4 days! Don't buy!"
"Easy to use, no damage to ring, super quick and convenient to swap between multiple rings.  Great idea."
"Total waste of money.  The little spiral does not stay put and begins to unravel.  Cannot recommend in any way, shape or form."
I got these to go on my middle school class ring I got in 2006. I've lost a lot of weight and it now it's several sizes too big. These did the job however the band was too thick and they would not stay on. I'm sure if the band were smaller it would have been perfect but I guess I'll just get it resized. Would still recommend!
"Does keep my ring from being so loose, but I do have to put the ends back on every now and then as the spin off the ring from wear."
Not a great product at all the Sizer is huge and cumbersome and looks awful on my hand
"Works fairly well...
more useful on rings without any design on the band."
"This product does the job but it needs to be replaced often...as it gets dirty.  For the price, it is worth it."
"Worked just like I expected it too. You can cut off the amount you don't need and adjust to what's comfortable.
I keeps my diamond on top of my finger instead of rolling back and forth."
Not very comfortable
"I had high hopes for this design. It looked great at first, but soon started to uncurl and slide all around the ring. Too annoyING to wear."
Best ring sizer on the market! I like that you can trim the spirals down.
I was terrified these would be too bulky or not fit around my wedding set. I got a temporary set due to my first one breaking and it's a little big because they didn't have a 5.5 size in the set I wanted. Well these are my little mirical spirals!! Fits perfect now and no more spinning around my finger or feeling like it's going to fly off!! I couldn't be happier with this product. It saved so much and relieved a major headache (:
I didn't really care for them they didn't stay in place I ended up ordering a different kind which I like a whole lot better
"Much better than the regular, oval-shaped ""ring noodles."" Good for when you're in a pinch and can't get your ring resized, but it's probably best as a temporary fix. It tends to trap water/lotion/other substances, so I still prefer to take my ring on and off when I'm washing my hands. showering, etc. but it did help with the spinning and is more comfortable overall than the ""ring noodle."""
May work on thin rings but it is worthless on a band since it was not easy to put on and it didn't want to stay on.
Didn't work as advertised.
Not worth it!! They don't stay on the ring and are uncorfotable. Waste of money. I tried to return but I found out later it's not eligible for return. Amazon was nice enough to refund anyway.
"This is the best ring sizer I've used.  The ""spiral"" quality stays in place so much better than the design of the other ones on the market.  Very happy!"
"Came with 3 sizes. I used the smallest one, and it perfectly took my ring down from a 6.25 to a size 6. Spent $10 on a different product that didn't offer flexibility, and hurt every time I removed my ring, AND would pop off when I removed my ring.  This ""corkscrew"" style is SO much better. A++  It doesn't fall off of the ring, is soft, and is easily cut to any size you need."
"I purchased these after resizing my ring.  I went with the jeweler's recommendation on sizing & he was off.  My ring fell off my finger & my heart sank when I realized it was missing.  Luckily, it fell off in my friend's car & I was able to find it.  I immediately purchased this size adjuster and my ring hasn't fallen off my finger anymore."
The ONLY way my ring won't slip around my finger. This is your solution!
"Not worth the money!  Only stayed on for about 3 weeks and then kept ""unwinding"" requiring replacing the ""adjuster"" very day!  Finally took them off and threw them away."
"Too long, had to be cut to size, then once I cut it the stupid thing always comes unraveled on the ends and pokes lynzee fingers not comfy."
Soft but tends to scratch on the ends irritates the finger
These are the best!
"As expected, low grade material."
They did not stay on my rings well. I ended up just tying string around them.
"The end unravels and start sticking into your finger. Good concept, bad product"
"The concept is great but the guards did not stay wrapped around my ring. My ring is wider, and that may be the issue."
Does not lay flat as shown. Curls up into a bunch.
Very easy to attach 2 ur ring
"These are not a good long-term solution. My fiance got my ring half a size up thinking I would ""grow into it."" I went through a couple of these spiral adjusters before I decided to just wear my ring on a different finger."
Good product worked pretty good. You can cut it to right size.
"I was a little skeptical of this since there were some bad reviews, but it's working great for me. I have a ring that when my fingers get cold, can just side right off my finger. I used the smallest size adjuster, and used the whole thing, didn't even cut it. I've had it on my ring for a month now and find it to be perfectly comfortable, I can't even really tell it's there."
Do not fit  wide ban...
These worked great for my petite daughter's finger and adjusted her ring that was just a tad bit too large.  Very happy that we could have this as an alternative to cutting the ring since she's still growing.
Great product and speedy delivery. Thank you.
These are so great when i have a ring a tad too large- instead of sizing- these are really comfortable...
Works pretty good. In all fairness my ring is a little bit wider than rings these were made for.
"Honestly, at first I thought it was a dream come true.  My engagement ring is so top heavy and loose, I needed something to secure it in place.  The only problem is, when I wash my hands or put on lotion, the guard scratches my other hand.  Also, even the smallest was a little too long for comfort, so I was always aware it was there.  I wouldn't recommend.  There must be a better choice somewhere else."
Save your money!
It's not real comfortable and rubs on the adjoining fingers. But the ring stays in place.
Works well. Easy to use.  Happy with the outcome.
So useful!!! I don't have take it to the jeweler to resize!!
"I love this product! After having my engagement ring sized, it fit over my knuckle but was kind of loose once it got past my knuckle (apparently I have skinny fingers and boney knuckles or something). I was using a Ring Snuggie before and it was uncomfortable. It was hard and thick and I was always aware of it. In contrast, the RinGuard is soft, flexible, thin, easy to put on, you can trim it to size (length), and it is comfortable (in fact, I can't feel it at all). I can take it off while still wearing my ring, and then I can easily remove my ring. My fingers seem to swell slightly throughout the day and the RinGuard is thin and flexible enough that it leaves a little extra space for movement and swelling. The Ring Snuggie made my ring so tight that there was no room for the swelling and it became uncomfortable and I would have to remove it. I have a thin ring, and the RinGuard is very thin so I don't know how it would work on a larger ring. This product works perfectly for me and I am happy I decided to order it."
"I am so glad I found these, they work well for me and are a lot less expensive than having rings sized."
"Fit around the ring, but all three broke after 10 minutes of wearing it."
Good product
It doesn't look great but my ring has stayed put for months now.
Good option
Not comfortable
"RinGuard Ring Size Adjuster (Set of 3 Sizes) ...
 RinGuard"
Awesome!
"They didn't really stay put - kept moving around when wearing the ring, and wasn't that comfortable."
Sorta bothers my finger when I wear it. But works fine.
"This was a waste of money and both uncomfortable and unsightly. I was getting desperate in wanting to resize my ring--I took it to a professional jeweler, who added half moon notches and it still didn't fit, so I applied the RinGuard in between the notches. It was scratchy and the ring still shifted around but somehow was tight and sticky. Stuff would get in between the spirals as well, and I could see water and soap getting lodged in there after washing my hands (so who knows what else was lodged in there). Overpriced for a piece of spirally plastic."
"I bought these based on all of the positive reviews, but I found them to be terrible. They slid up and down the band of my engagement ring and were only stopped by the main stone. If the guard had stayed at the bottom as pictured, it would've been okay, but I was constantly dealing with it sliding up on my ring. I'd rather just have my ring spinning than deal with these which look ugly and are uncomfortable with the constant movement. Very disappointed."
Works great!! Exactly what needed.
"I received these today and put on my engagement ring until I can get it resized, they do not stay on and I've only had it on for a couple of hours, extremely disappointed"
they get yellow and thinner
This product works  but constantly needs adjustment as it moves up and down on the ring. It also regularly unravels for two or three spirals and has to be re-worked.
Served its purpose beautifully.
This ring size adjuster works great.  I like it better than others on the market.  The package comes with different sizes and the guard stays in place.
Very disappointed. The ends won't stay wrapped around the ring and are annoying.  Waste of money.
"This works just ok as long as you don't get your hands wet, then it slides back and forth and retains water in between it and the ring. Good for a few hours of use or temporary use until you can get your ring sized."
I keep fluctuating in finger size and my engagement ring kept falling off! I got tired of sizing it so I sized it up and I bought this. I felt it for the first few days but now I'm use to it and can't feel it at all! It's not too tight or lose its perfect! It comes with 3 different sizes and it's cheap and perfect if you are like me!
Stays on very thin bands but any other size they unravel. Ive stopped wearing any of my rings until I have them resized at the jewelers.
Unfortunately the size adjuster is made for thin rings and I found that it came unwound. It doesn't work for me.
"I use adjuster on my engagement ring and half eternity wedding band to keep them together and it works well.  Eventually will unravel, but does its job for the price."
"Great product!!  I cut mine so that it only wraps around 3 times, because my ring fits my knuckles but is just a tad too big and spins. I just put it around my rings once they are on. Also, it holds my band to my solitaire ring, which is perfect because since I didn't have them soldered together and the diamonds on my band don't go all the way around, it would spin all the time it would be quite annoying to have to keep spinning it back, so now, problem solved. It works great, doesn't feel weird whatsoever, and way less obvious than other options."
"ring guard fits my ring perfectly. i would lose it all the time, so i stopped wearing it until this came in the mail. I am so delighted now. The metal ring guards are so uncomfortable. thankful to have found this. I probably need to cut it down a little because sometimes it slips off on the end, but overall a great buy."
Very easy to place on rings...so far this is the best product to help with loose rings!!  I'm very happy with the product!
Comfortable to wear
"Did not work well on my wedding ring, the plastic on both ends agitated my skin."
"It really exceeded my expectations. I have very slim fingers and a lot of my rings are a bit lose on me. I was afraid to wear my expensive rings due to the fact that they could accidentally slip off my fingers. So I had a to do list to just size my rings down at a jeweler which got put on a back-burner and I never made it there. Not to mention the cost to size each ring is ridiculous. So, I decided to give it a try. Well, all of my rings fit now!!! Even the ones which were 2 sizes larger. I used all 3 adjusters and I cut it in half. So I ""fixed"" 6 rings! The plastic is comfortable and you even cannot see it on the back of the finger. This is definitely a way batter and cheaper solution to fixing rings."
works great
"WORKS WELL. PRACTICALLY INVISIBLE. VERY COMFORTABLE TO WEAR, DOESNT DIG INTO FINGER. GOOD PRICE AND FAST DELIVERY, EASY TO PUT ON."
Wife's wedding ring fits like a charm now.  Easy to use and install.  Comfortable and doesn't detract from the beauty of the ring.  Great product.
"okay product; does the job though for me they are too long in sizes; had to cut mine up and then the corner would stick out and scratch. Haven't find anything better out there so for the time being, better then none. :)"
"Perfectly customizable- worked great to trim the ends exactly to make the ring the size I needed. Adding more is better tho, as I found that it occasionally unravels, which may be worsened by my small sized 4 ring (which makes the adjuster have to curl at a much steeper angle- causing to unravel off the ring more?) Was definitely much better than the round tubes with a slit that I used to use."
This is about the only ring adjuster that works for all types of rings. I have bought in the past and will continue to purchase as needed.
did not stay on rings.
These adjusters are very flimsy and do not stay on rings.  Completely pointless and a waste of money.
"These ring size adjusters work GREAT if you are using it on a very, very thing ring. I used it on a regular thin ring and it worked great making it the size I needed. However, I used it on my thicker engagement ring to hold it until I can get it resized and it does not work at all. This is the same size ring as the thinner one and it did not work at all. So I definitely recommend if you are using it for a very thin ring, but for normal to think bands it does not work."
"These are not good for a wide band. The sizes refer to the length of the coil, not the inside diameter."
"Absolutely horrible.  When I ordered it, I figured the 3 different sizes would be in thickness, not length.  I tried two of the sizes, don't see reason to try the third since they all appear to be the same thickness.  My ring still rotates on my finger, only now it hurts when it rotates because my skin gets rubbed raw by the slits in the tubing.  The only thing it has done for me is keep my ring from slipping over my knuckle."
Works great perfect to make my ring fit better without having it sized at a jewelry store it is totally invisible!
Works perfect and can't even feel it. So happy I can wear my ring and not worry about it slipping off.
It worked like it said it would but I didn't like how it felt on my finger
Works well.
"I recently lost weight an not ready to resize my platinum engagement ring. this works great, plus it stops my top heavy solitaire from consently rotating around on my finger. the first day or two it was a little un comfortable, but now it fits great"
"Love it! My engagement ring is a size too big, so this is awesome until I get around to having it sized. I've used the other types of guards, but this is by far my favorite. I barely feel it on my finger, while the others I was constantly toying with it.
Also, I really love the fact that water does not get stored inside the tubing because it is drains right out."
"My ring has a small width so this product works pretty well. It wraps neatly and easily over the band and isn't that noticeable. I've only had it for a couple of days but for the most part I am really glad I purchased it. I didn't want to go through the hassle of resizing my engagement ring and wanted a quick solution. This ring guard works extremely well for my purpose. The only flaw, really, is that I can tell it's there. It doesn't irritate my skin in a way that leaves it feeling raw or bothered, it's just I can feel it against my finger and my other fingers. It's not enough of a deterrent to stop wearing it and I would still recommend this product to other people. Especially if you're a cheap-o like myself and don't feel self conscious wearing a piece of plastic around your ring.

Ultimately, the ring guard does exactly what it advertises and I'm very glad with my purchase. Am I in to-die-for love with it? No. But I would recommend it to anyone who has a ring too large for them and they don't want to resize or return the ring. Thank you!"
Not quite perfect but still quite functional
"Didn't work. Bought this for my wedding ring set. They are fused together and none of this wrapped around the ring right. Big waste of money. I'd only suggest it for single, tiny bands. Going to the jeweler next week."
lifesaver!!  my engagment ring is a bit to big and with this I can wear it just fine
"These are great ring guards .. I have tried others and these are the best I've tried.. I have several rings that are too big and these stay on,  they don't fall off, and they are comfortable. Great design idea to hold them on and adjust as needed."
"Super comfortable, I don't even notice them"
"First of all the description says ""three sizes"" but I only got two. The reason I needed this instead of re-sizing the ring is that my finger size has shrunk over the years yet under certain condition such as fluid buildup, etc., my finger may swell. This solved the problem of keeping an oversized ring from falling off. This is not an ideal solution as the ends can unravel and become uncomfortable. I must consciously be aware of it and check frequently. I may, myself, have to invent a better solution. This product is actually cut from a reel of ""spiral wrap"" (Google it), which is actually made to wrap wires and cables. There is another product sold for the same purpose that is cut from plastic spiral spring material but the reviews are not too good for it. Then there's the slit-tubing which can't possibly work well. Come on, inventors. Here is an opportunity."
The ends tend to come unwrapped so you have to keep wrapping them back around the rings again. I don't know how you could fix that though. It took me a few tries trimming it to make the ends not bother my other fingers.
"These might work ""OK"" for a quick fix on a NARROW ring band.
My main complaint is the the very end of each side does not stay flat and wrapped around the band.  No matter which way you tug & tuck it once it's on, the other end will slip off and roll under.  This really isn't comfortable at all and is especially uncomfortable when you have a tiny piece of rubber/plastic sticking between your fingers.  I've lost weight and many of my rings feel loose.  I thought these would work but they just don't.  I'll be searching for something more permanent and flat that stays in place.  Like I said, this may work for very narrow ring bands, but it does not work for wider bands.  See pic attached."
"Fell Apart, became gummy."
Would not stay on ring band; kept bunching up and was uncomfortable
"This product doesn't fit my ring and constantly comes off after putting one on this evening. It may work others but not me/my ring. It was a waste of money. I should have purchased a different ring guard, but the product itself is nice, good quality, & packaged very well. I only rated it a three due it not fitting all ring types as displayed. Overall it's not a bad product of you purchase it and works for you."
"This product is definitely a great idea. Unfortunately, the edges that coil will hurt. You rotate the coil so it goes over your ring. But the edge will either be under the ring or in front. If it's under the ring it hurts the finger. If its above it will keep coming in your way (When washing your face I would scratch my face). It's probably meant for thin rings and mine is thick. Maybe that's why it doesn't fit well. So I won't say don't try the product but don't try if you have thicker rings. Maybe only good for women with skinnier rings."
Comfortable..great customer service!
Works great
Not a permanent solution but works for a time.
"I have used several spacers for my ring. Weight lose and too cheap to pay for sizing. This product is by far the best one I have tried! Easy to put on and take off, not cumbersome and works very well."
"Seriously, the best sizer ever!  I had extreme doubts prior to purchasing. I had already purchased a popular metal Sizer sold on Amazon.  Unfortunately, somewhere between packaging and receiving, my item was drastically damaged/deformed. Since my husband is very good  with fixing things, he was able to get this sizer on my brand-new ring. You could tell it was seriously messed up but it still did the job and surprisingly  was comfortable.  I am a perfectionist so I was not satisfied and ordered a new one and that is where I came across this. I had looked at adjusters like these before but didn't think much of them. I read the reviews for this one and decided to give this a try before I put another metal sizer or layers of liquid resin on my ring.
My ring is a custom made ring that I designed and has a 4 carat fancy yellow round center diamond surrounded by a halo design with a  semi split shank.  There are a few small added extras to make it a custom design that I had copyrighted and that worked out for me well as I am making a fortune from other jewelers using it.
I had it made in size 7 as I do everything though I know my ring size is smaller. I always do this because anytime I go into the jewelers and try on a ring on display, it always fits.  As  most people who have ever been to a jewelers knows that the standard size for all rings on display is a size 7. They do this for a reason. I also did this for the time during the month I would bloat. The ring graduates to about a 3 mm bottom shank. I have other rings like that that fit but are loose. This one however is so top-heavy that the ring was spinning and would have just flown off eventually. I had to do something urgently and I do not want to have it sized if I do not need to. To size it properly, they need to remove every single stone, then size it and obviously replace the stones. Because of the cost of this ring, I really want to avoid that if at all possible.
Now we come to this. I bought this along with the replacement of the metal Sizer. I have prime and a warehouse 30 minutes away where Amazon ships from. I can be quite impatient about certain things so I overnighted this one and sent the metal one regular free two day delivery.
I am extremely thankful that they sent three different sizes because I was already assuming the small one would have been the one to do the job. That is the first one I put on. It fit nice but it did not fulfill the sizing needs I needed. I needed to go down at least one full size. After I put on the smallest one and tried it on my finger, I removed it and went straight to the largest. The largest was the perfect fit and sized my ring Exactly as I needed it to be. It was comfortable from the first second I placed my ring on my finger and it literally is not noticeable. It is basically invisible. No exaggeration. My only problem with it was that because I had to use the largest wrap, it was covering a few of the diamonds on each side of the ring as I have diamonds going down at least half of the shank on both sides. I decided to take it off and rewrap it.
This time, I took my time and pulled very hard before I wrapped each time leaving no spaces in between. That way, it gave me an even better sizing for my ring and came just below the diamonds on the side. There were no gaps in between each wrap. This is truly the best thing ever! I LOVE  it! I am a perfectionist and can be very critical. I just say it how it is. If there is something wrong with any item, I confront the issue as kindly as possible but I believe in getting what I pay for and what is promised. All I can say is.....I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! I am a such perfectionist to where if something has the slightest thing wrong with it, it will drive me absolutely nuts! This does not do that so I am VERY happy! 
It looks great because you can't see it, it is SO COMFORTABLE that you can't even tell it's on AND it has corrected my sizing issues COMPLETELY! I would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone I know and those that I don't, like you...yes, you! Right there in the black sweater reading this. This is for YOU! 
You seriously cannot go wrong with this adjuster. I will never go to any other adjuster ever again. I have been through the liquid resins where you have to apply thin layers at a time and use a UV light. I have been through the traditional metal adjusters which work very well and are comfortable but this product absolutely beats everything on the market! I have to say, I had MAJOR doubts about this even prior to purchase. When I opened the package, I still had very low expectations, until I tried it.
Take this from someone who has literally tried just about everything out there and from someone who has to have it perfect or will not be satisfied and would continue to look until I found the perfect thing. That is what this is! PERFECTION!
% 
I am SO HAPPY I tried this! Especially because I have just received a lot of my parent's jewelry from their estate. That part I wish I could change.   Since every piece is custom and some heirloom pieces from my grandparents and great grandparents that are just too big for me but I would never resize them. They are too dear to my heart and are all I have left. This adjuster lets me wear those pieces whilst keeping them intact.
I hope this review has helped you and I will upload a few photos to show you how amazing this is though you probably won't be able to see it.  (That's a good thing!)
10 'S and  LOVE  LOVE  LOVE 
ALSO KEEP IN MIND, YOU ARE ONLY SPENDING LESS THAN $10.00 FOR AN ITEM MADE FROM PVC WHICH IS EXTREMELY DURABLE AND LONG LASTING. WITH THE PROPER CARE, JUST ONE SHOULD LAST YEARS, AT THE VERY LEAST, WHILE ALSO GIVING PEACE Of MIND AS WELL AS POSSIBLY SAVING YOU THOUSANDS TO HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS! I THINK LESS THAN $10.00 IS AN EXTREMELY SMALL PRICE TO PAY FOR PERFECTION!"
"I've been having trouble with my engagement ring spinning on my finger from being a tiny bit too big. I can't size it down (from 4 to 3.75) because I won't be able to get it over my knuckle in the summer. This is a great solution! I just needed 3 of the coils from the small and cut it down to size. It is very comfortable, and no one has ever noticed it."
Much better than the plastic cylinders! Very comfortable and easy to put on and size.
"This little ring sizer is amazing! Works perfectly, easy to put on and customize. It protects the bottom of my band from scratching as well as sizing it down. It's nearly invisible too. Great product!"
"They're okay, but you have to put the ring on and then thread it, otherwise you can't get it over your finger.  The largest was too large.  The mid size is a little better, but the ring keeps turning. For the cost, they're okay."
"This is a joke. I had my wedding ring sized up a few months ago. With the colder weather coming, the ring is starting to slip. This ring adjuster would not stay on the ring. I threw it away after 1/2 hour. Fool me once...! I'm nearing the end of my life and will now use tape!"
"Much more comfortable than the ""tube"" ring guards!"
"Perfect for rings that are too big.  I inherited my grandmother's diamond cocktail ring and was not able to wear it at all.  I tried the tape and bandaid tricks, but that was so tacky looking, and felt horrible on my finger.  The RinGuard was easy to put on the ring and it's not very  noticeable. And talk about comfortable, I don't feel the RinGuard at all. Bonus that the order comes with 3 sizes!  Very pleased with this purchase."
"Very happy I got the assorted sizes here as I needed a medium and a small. (The large sits, waiting for it's chance to be the hero.)  I'll probably order another set of medium size but for now am very pleased with this purchase. Put it on and forget it."
"Absolute junk!!!  Didn't fit, cheap, can't return to seller"
Ring still turned
"While this fit my ring perfectly and adjusted the size perfectly, it kept on unwinding from the ring, and didn't stay put.  Maybe it was because my ring band is 1/2 cm wide and flat."
"This is exactly what I was looking for. It's small enough that you barely notice it, yet it gets the job done perfectly. It was super easy to put onto my ring and it never came off once. I used this for my bachelorette party in Vegas and just wanted to take some extra precautions with my engagement ring. My ring has a very thing band and I used the smallest size and it fit perfectly. If you're considering another product for this purpose, just stop right now and add this to your cart."
Very convenient! Thank you!
"These ring size adjusters were so helpful after I got engaged. My ring was too big and my fianc wanted to take it back in for resizing. However, I insisted on keeping it for a week for the big reveal to family and friends. I wore the adjuster for the week. It kept my ring snugly in place and was very comfortable. I would recommend to others as well!"
"Worked perfectly with my ring to size it down two sizes, very happy with this ring spacer."
"This works perfectly.  My wife has a big knuckle.  At first she tried putting a piece on and then slipping it onto her finger.  She had to cut it smaller to make it fit.  It wasn't tight enough and the cut part kept annoying her finger.  So the second time she inserted the ring onto her finger first, then twisted the adjuster onto the ring while it was on her finger.  It was a bit trickier to install, but she loves the end result!"
This just didn't work for me. I found it very uncomfortable. It might work for someone else that isn't too picky.
"Ordered it again, it is great to wear on your larger rings....."
"After almost losing my ring down the drain, I immediately ordered these. They work great.  Easy to install and comfortable to wear. I was worried it would be too bulky but I can't even feel it and it's barely noticeable on my ring. Very happy."
"I normally do not take the time to come and write a review of any products regardless of how much I like or dislike the item. But, having tried other ring ""sizer"" things and not being able to use them, I wanted to say just how fantastic this product is. It is comfortable. It is transparent. It does not hold water every time you wash your hands. Most of all, it is comfortable, so much so that you don't realize you are wearing it. The only thing negative was I was confused about which size to order. I took a chance and ordered the 2.0 and it was perfect!! Now, no more holding on to rings untill hands dry and twisting around rings all day long."
"The jury is still out on this product for me. I have my engagement ring and wedding band. I tried to wrap one around both, that didn't work. Then I tried one on one ring it seemed to long, so I cut it in half. I used that one for both rings. There are days it feels like it does what it's supposed to do, not have the rings twist and turn. Then there are days it feels like I have nothing on and I'm constantly adjusting them. The worse part is that because I cut it the plastic is now extremely scratchy. I have to be careful when I put lotion on my face. I also have to be careful when I'm wearing something delicate that it doesn't snag the material."
They work ok but unravel and come off when removing ring
This was easy to put on. It keeps my ring in place for the most part. I am not sure what the struggle was with everyone else. The only issue is that I wish it was a little thicker.
Worked well for me.
Did not stay on the ring
"Works great... Solved a major recurring ""It fell off again""  headache. Way cheaper than a re-sizing."
Not that crazy about this product but it does the job. I tried all the sizes that came with it and it seemed to curl up on the end which made it uncomfortable to wear. Will keep using till I find something better.
"These were horrible, they come right off"
I like this except for the fact the ends uncoil while wearing
I hardly ever notice it and it keeps my ring on perfectly. (:
This is the best cheap solution I have found.  I have actually used ONE of these on my ring for almost two years now and I wear my ring every day.  The only time it is a bother is when I lift something like lifting weights and I simply turn it around so it isn't right between the weights and my finger.  I never take it off.
"Falls off ring, the edges on the end always pop off. Not worth the time or money."
"Ok here is the thing about these. If your are looking for a quick fix or don't mind adjusting them once a week, then this is a good product for you. They do what they say and can be cut the make good size fit for a smaller ring.."
"Might work for narrow rings, but not good for a thick man's ring."
Awesome for holding me over until I got my engagement ring sized.
"I'm a personal trainer and needed something to help my engagement ring fit and protect it from the wear and tear of the gym.  Only time will tell about the longterm durability, but for now this is a cheap and effective solution to both of my issues."
Uncomfortable. Can't use
Works okay
Awesome! My ring was about a half size too big and this was perfect. Because it is an invisible setting I can't have it resized. This truly worked like a charm. I have had it on my ring for a month now and now issues or problems. I have to adjust it here and there and have taken it off to clean it. But after that it goes right back on my ring and still works fine.
It really forms the ring well. There are three different sizes. Love that they are not buky and noticeabl
Great!
Don't waste your money. The ring wrap unravels constantly. I am throwing them in the trash. They are worthless
"I bought this ring guard because I was hesitant to buy the typical metal ring guards that you fit onto rings because I didn't want to scratch my ring or make my hand uncomfortable. This ring guard was a solid purchase. It's comfortable and barely noticeable, it (hopefully) will cause no harm to my ring, and it's very adjustable -- since my ring is so small and the ring guard is so long, I can easily cut it back to the size I need. I won't be wearing this ring for a couple more months, so I won't know until then if this product is sound and true."
This stays on better than the metal one my jeweler applied.  Would recommend.
used the ring noodle in the past.....like this as much as I do the other.
"I thought this wasn't going to be helpful, but it has been. It keeps my ring from turning around on my finger, especially now that it has gotten cooler outside."
Helped my engagement ring stay on. It was a half size too big and these defintely helped!
Like this ring guard better than most.
"The ring guards were decent, I like the fact that you can trim them easily to adjust."
Piece of junk.
"Works well on a man's ring with bigger width.  Material is soft and goes on well.  I wanted something to keep my ring secure on a trip and didn't have time to get it resized.  This worked great.  Only down side is you can easily get things stuck under the material and against the ring, such as soap (if you use bar soap)  but a quick rinse and playing with it usually cleans it out quick."
"Comfy, fits every ring, doesn't slide off... love this"
probably not the fault of the item - but that my ring is too big for it to work.
Didn't work out well.  Bought them for two different people and they both had problems with this product.  One experienced the sizer loosening itself throughout the day.  The other found it to be uncomfortable and the ring still continued to twist around.
Great ring guard
"I was doubtful at first, but after I attached it to a particular ring that seems to want to spin and not stay in place, I'm a believer!"
"It was easy to put on but does move on the ring, so has to be adjusted"
love it!!!!
"I like these a lot because they do the trick much better than the ones you can buy at the dept. store that are not spiral.

Very easy to apply to your rings and stay put all day.  You don't even notice them.

Great solution for all those rings in your closet that don't work!"
I have tried other ring size adjusters and these are much better! I am thrilled that the ring I wear has the set on the top instead of falling to the bottom. I also feel very secure that my ring will not fall off at times when my finger is smaller. I am truly so happy that this works as advertised!
Useless! Don't wSte your money.
"Satisfied with purchase,"
"It's ok, but it moves around a lot."
This did not work at all.
"I ordered this product for my sister, she recently became engaged and her ring was bigger then she had expected. After getting it altered 2 different times the ring was still pretty big, and so we ordered this ring size adjuster and it works perfectly.

I would recommend this product to anyone that does not want to constantly pay to get their ring adjusted. The plastic pieces are not constricting and the ring fits better and does not continue to slide all over the place. The plastic pieces are also not noticeable which works out perfectly for my sis."
"I used the large size to keep my wedding band and engagement rings together, works great."
"I was skeptical reading reviews about these, but I am SO happy I bought them!!! My engagement ring is 2 sizes too big, but cannot be sized down that small. Instead, we had to custom order a new one in the size I need, but it will take 10 weeks. In the mean time I have a ring that is 2 sizes too big and only fits on my pointer finger without falling off. These were the absolute perfect solution! Now my engagement ring fits on my ring finger perfectly, and I cannot feel these on the ring at all. Honestly they blend in well with the ring and are hard to see. So happy with this purchase, highly highly recommend."
"I am using this to hold my engagement/wedding bands together as an alternative to soldering them and so far it is working great. Time will tell durability. One end ""curly q's"" up a bit instead of laying flat, but that's my only issue."
I love this!! It works perfectly! I actually gave away the other two adjusters in the pack to friends who loved them too!
"It's just ok. The first day or so it worked great. Within the first week, I'm constantly winding it back up and its loose around the band. The end of it keeps coming off causing a little ""tail"" to poke out from under my finger so I have to twist it to get it tucked back in. I guess if it's a temporary fix or on a piece of jewelry that you only wear now and then, it's perfect. Not, in my opinion, made for long term wear. Which in my case is why I bought it. Unfortunately I sized my wedding ring down twice now and they cannot size it any farther due to how the diamonds on the band sit without compromising the setting. So, I need something to make up for the difference. I'll have to keep looking!"
They initially work great! I even had a couple jewelers comment on how nice they looked. But after a couple of weeks they start getting flatter and not working as well. Be sure you buy a large quantity if you want them to last long!
Good price
Works the best out of any ring sizer i've had!
It works!!!
"Awesome product. I've tried other types of ring guards for my engagement ring, had it sized up and down 3 times, even tried wrapping duct tape around my ring but it wasn't effective for long. When I finally gave up, I saw this online. The price was right and I figured I had nothing to lose. Whoever designed  this simple guard is a genius. It's easy to get on and isn't so bulky or flimsy like others I've tried. The length is easily adjustable with scissors. Love it."
"Great product that is hardly noticeable once put on, and it absolutely works. My engagement ring was a whole size too big, and using one of these ring adjusters, it now fits me PERFECTLY. It's comfortable and it's so easy to forget it's there. Fantastic product worth every single penny.

The only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star is because the way the ring adjuster is a spiral, every little thing you touch gets caught into it (lotion, hair product, food...etc) and causes it to become discolored and can possibly tarnish the ring. I've had to start taking off my ring for everything or removing the adjuster once a week to clean it. It's a bit inconvenient. That's the only negative thing about it, otherwise, a wonderful item!"
"My wife has lost a lot of weight this year but still has a ways to go. Her wedding rings were beginning to fall off of her hand, so we decided to pick these up.

She uses the medium size, and it makes up for approximately 2 ring sizes. She said the large one went too far up the sides of her ring, and the small one was too loose already. Saves me from having to pay to get rings resized multiple times, though!"
"This is perfect, so much better than the regular round ring snugs you get. My engagement ring was too big so I bought these to try and they are perfect. They don't get full of gunk because it's got open spaces. It isn't cumbersome, in fact i don't even notice I have one on. The only thing with these is i did cut the one i currently have on. Depending on your hands you may not need one as long but one snip can fix that."
My wife lost about a hundred pounds and this is the only thing stopping me from having to buy her a new wedding ring. The second time she told me her ring fell off I started searching for a fix. Its worth its weight in gold.
Didn't last a day!  Waste of money
I bought these because my fianc didn't want to get a ring too small so if I gain any weight during pregnancy or what have you that it'd be too small. I love that this product makes my rings snug
NOT WORTH WRITING A REVIEW OVER!!!
"I was excited to get this as a ring I just got sized is still too big. This comes with 3 sizes, but they all didn't make much difference on my finger. As directed I cut the loop to fit the ring. After just two wears the coil started coming off every time I took the ring on and off. I ended up throwing it away. It was also extremely uncomfortable on my finger. It felt very scratchy and hurt my skin. I'm bummed they didn't work and I waisted my money."
using all the time
holds better than the solid tubs
Not the best for me
"Not helpful at all...  I had to use the largest coil for my ring, but it still did not make my ring any smaller because my ring was a full size too big.  The worst of it is, though, that my coil became yellow and brittle after only a week and a half of use and became very uncomfortable on my finger."
"Works very well, is easy to use, nice cheap way to make a loose ring tighter!  My cousin liked it so much that I actually took mine off my ring for her to use!  Comes in handy, would purchase again."
This is my 2nd orders.  My nieces want them.  They love them. The soft rubber hugs the shank and it feel so comfy around the finger. Will order more for sure in the future. Thank you.
My family loves this product and it able to reuse it on multiple rings.
"This product is decent. I think it is probably the best option for those who don't want to permanently alter their rings, like me. I didn't want to get my engagement ring resized or have those little metal balls soldered on because I thought it might damage the integrity of the ring or make it too difficult to put on. The RinGuard came with 3 plastic coils (I think) and I cut one of them in half to get the proper size. It was easy to put on and I haven't had any issues with it sliding off. It's not too noticeable physically (I forget it's there most of the time), but it's obviously noticeable visually, to me. I think it may have loosened up or something because my ring doesn't feel as tight as it did when I first put the RinGuard on. I will probably cut a longer piece and put that on.

A few cons - lotions/creams get stuck between the ring and the RinGuard every time I use lotion or put in my hair product. I have to stretch the coil apart and rinse thoroughly to get it out. One time I had a reaction from my skin because of the RinGuard, but it was only once and hasn't occurred again. I'm not sure what caused it. I just had really dry/flaky skin below the RinGuard for about a day or two and it went away. See the photo.

Pros - easy way to make your ring fit better without altering the actual ring. Easy install and removal. Easy to adjust based on your needs

I've been wearing this every day for a month, 24/7. So far it has held up. We'll see how long it lasts. I guess this is a temporary solution, and I'll probably have to get my ring adjusted permanently eventually... But for now this works for me."
Great product to use if you're looking to keep your rings from sliding around or they are too big!
I would not purchase this again.
"I was very weary about ordering this product. I just got engaged recently & already got my ring resized but since I live in New York & got the ring sized when it was warm out, my fingers have shrunk. Money is tight right now, even to pay $40-$50 on another resize. This product is a GREAT temporary solution. In a few weeks/months I'll probably get my ring resized again but this little thing is amazing. You can't see it at all, & it's not uncomfortable to wear. My ring is a 5 but fingers have shrunk to a 4.5 I think & this makes it nice & snug!"
"These are very uncomfortable because the plastic is so thick all around the band. They are easy to get on and off, but they don't stay tightly wound after multiple uses. The plastic also irritates my skin. I won't buy these again."
"Inexpensive, easy to use and works well.  This is a temporary solution until you decide to get your ring re-sized.  My band is wider, so the coil doesn't hang as shown on the image - so there is a tendency for the one end to try to unravel - but for the most part it works great.  Comfortable, and doesn't show at all.  For the price - well worth it."
This product was a lifesaver until I had the time and money to get my ring professionally resized!
"It worked as expected.  I used this as a temporary solution to a ring that was to big before I could get resized.  I put it on my wedding and engagement band, it seemed the combo was to thick.  The end would poke me, it was annoying but since it was temporary solution, it was tolerable.  I also couldn't put lotion on, or else it got pretty grubby/dirty."
"I got married a week or so ago and unfortunately my band wasn't sized right. About 0.5-0.75 size too big. It takes 2 weeks+ to resize the band and I'm going on vacation in less than 2 weeks, so i bought this ringaurd adjuster for a temporary solution. This thing is AWESOME. So easy to use and get the right amount of plastic coils to size the ring just right. My band isn't spinning or going anywhere.
I'll resize my band soon but for now this is the perfect solution. Highly reccomend it!"
I'm happy it got here since it took forever for such as all item
"My ring is thick and the adjuster just came back off.  If I left it very long, it was uncomfortable between my fingers.  Not helpful at all."
Made my ring fit perfectly!
I found that this product continually came unraveded at the edges.
"These are great.  They help keep the ring (which is top heavy) from sliding side to side, and take up far less room than any other ring size adjust that I've seen."
Didn't work as planned. But I could've been using them wrong.
"This ring size adjuster didn't work for my rings. It kept unraveling on the ones that it fit or it wouldn't fit a lot of my rings. On the rings that it fit, it either unraveled or it doesn't keep the ring in place, the ring would still be too big to fit my finger and would spin like crazy. All in all, these were useless."
AAA
"The product listing states that this fits a variety of ring sizes, and it says so more than once...

""3 sizes included fit most rings""
"" to fit comfortably, and flexibly, to nearly any ring""

Not true. Even the largest of the three sizes does not stay on my wedding band. Pretty disappointed...

EDIT: Emailed seller with my concerns and within a few hours received an email reply and refund. While I would have preferred the product description were more accurate, it is  hard to fault customer service like this. I have upgraded review to three stars..."
Works as described
Great product my lady loves it. She was using one that hurt her finger then switched to this and she said it is much more comfortable
"Awful. I am an extremely busy mom, wife, and student. These were unraveling and untwisting so frequently that I threw the whole package away at the end of the day."
"I LOVE THESE! My rings are slightly too large for my fingers but I don't want to get them readjusted at this point in time. I've tried other forms of ring size adjusters and these are by far the best. They fit very comfortably and aren't noticeable once on your hand. With some other kinds, I had the sizer fall off my finger during the day! I've had no problems with these and would recommend them to anyone."
"If I could leave no stars I would. I was excited to get this product because my wedding ring no longer fits. It about 2-3 sizes too big and I was hoping for an alternative temporarily before paying a boat load to have it resized. I went to attach the ring guard but all it does is unravel. I have tried all three and hey all did exactly the same thing. They will not stay on the ring. For almaot $10 for little pieces of plastic I expected more. Now I find as I have tried returning the product it is ineligible. As a prime member I haven't come across this before which makes me even more irritated. So now I'm out money for a chinsey product that doesn't even work. Needless to say I'm am extremely unhappy. To anyone else who may be thinking about purchasing this, just be prepared to be out money if it doesn't work."
junk
Perfect temporary fix! Soft
"Takes a while to get used to but gets the job done. Lotion and anything else you put on your hands gets stuck in the rubber so if you're OCD about that type of thing (like me, I work in a school filled with germs) you won't be using it for very long."
Doesn't stay on the ring very well and it pokey.
"Works like a charm. Can't remember exactly when I purchased it, but it is still going strong.  Know that I wear the ring it is on everyday--basically 24/7-- so the plastic is definitely sturdy. Also very comfortable."
"Very comfortable.  Much better than the others made of PVC that aren't spiral cut.  Works great on 2 mm to 4 mm bands.  I tried it on a couple wider bands (5 - 6 mm) and they do fit on the ring and are comfortable, but if the end doesn't curl around the edge just right it tries to spiral up.  I didn't wear it for any length of time (on the wide bands), just applied them to see if they would fit on the ring."
Adjusters worked great!!
This ring size reducer was exactly what I was looking for.  Very easy to use.  Went on in a matter of seconds. Super comfortable and you can barely notice it on the ring.
These are great for adjusting the fit of a standard sized ring. My engagement ring and wedding band are soldered together which makes for a larger than normal band. The largest of the sizes was still a bit uncomfortable for me. But it works great for the other standard ring that I wear regularly!
"The only sizer that worked with my ring was very long. I cut it down, as stated to do, that made it poke at the end and unravel. Did not work for me at all."
I thought these things were awful! They're a total joke! Don't waste your time or money!
I was nervous that this was going to be too big and bulky because my band is so small. One full strip moved me about one ring size down. It doesn't look tacky and noticeable. Couldn't be happier!!
Easy to use
My wife could not get them to work for long. They slip and get out of place. But everyone is different.
"I bought this for me and my fiance because our rings slid around a bit and we just wanted them to stay still. I've taken mine off since I purchased it as I didn't find it to be too comfortable, my fingers would swell when outside and then it would be too tight, but my fiance still has hers on and it seems to work wonders. As long as you don't play with it, it stays on nice and tight and keeps your ring where you want it."
I got this for my mom and it came off after a couple days.
"Would not stay on my ring, even after I attempted to superglue the plastic together."
Didn't work for a wedding ring with 3 parts to it. Too flimsy!!
Awkward to use and the rings are almost impossible to get off once the ring guard is on. Wish there was something that really worked. I wouldn't recommend it
Difficult to use....
"I bought these size adjusters for a trip where I was proposing. I wanted my fiance to be able to wear the wring (supposing she said yes) after I proposed because we were going to be gone for about a week. Yes, I sneakishly got her size prior but I'm sure glad I picked this pack up too. Everything went well (she said yes!) and her fingers are so dainty I'm glad I picked this pack up just to make sure. She wore the smallest one until we could get back to the states and get her ring adjusted just a smidge. She had no issue with the adjuster and it felt comfortable when wearing. We liked how it didn't just slip on and it actually corkscrews on, keeping it snug and worry free that it'd stay on the ring. Would definitely recommend and would buy again"
"The sizer works great for adjusting the actual ring size. However, it slides around on my ring (and the ring twists around my finger), making me fidget with it all the dang time. Possibility that my ring is too thin for this to work ideally, but here we are."
I love these! They come in 3 different sizes depending on how big the ring is- reliable and easily hidden
Shipment was a week late but good product.
"This worked really well.  It started to unravel a little bit but that didn't bother me too much.  For the price, it's a really nice fix for a ring that's a bit too big."
Perfect for my engagement ring. Very comfortable and low profile. I love it!!
"I really wanted these to work but they kept falling off my ring. Sadly, I'm very disappointed in these."
"Needed a temp fix for a ring that was just a little bit too big. The fit is good and it does the job, but constantly get pinched between the plastic and stuff gets stuck underneath and in between layers. Lotion, washing dishes etc is a chore."
Easy to use and very comfortable! Durable as well!
Definitely not a long term fix. I stopped wearing mine after a week. It works but it feels too uncomfortable.
"Work wonderfully, very discreet, have not had anyone notice my ring sizer. Only snag is that due to how this is designed, sometimes based on positioning the ""curls"" can be a little harsh. Lightly scratched my face while washing it, not so much to cause a mark or anything, but enough for a ""dang what was that!""  Just turn it a little now to reposition the sizer and have no issues.  Had held up beautifully to daily wear and if it ever fails will replace it with the same thing without hesitation."
came on time and as described
Works as advertised
"Love this.  It would be awful to cut out some tiny, and then unusable, piece of gold.  If it holds up, this is a long-term solution.  Perfectly comfortable, easily fitted to my ring and invisible.  I recommend it!"
Did the trick in sizing down a large (family) ring for our daughter for a special event.
"Love these! They are clear so they go unnoticed and very comfortable, you will forget you have them on."
"This little tiny piece of plastic serves the purpose, but after a while begins to untwist off the ring.  Works ok, but definitely not a long term fix"
Works great
It shows too much
These work great. .  I use one by it's self and one to hold 2 rings together
Works as expected.
"Another clever product.  No more rings slipping off one's fingers with this ingenious product.  It is clear, soft curly like plastic.  It wraps around the bottom of the ring.  (See picture)  The metal one brought in half.  Very very comfortable against the finger.  Wonderful little product.  Would definitely buy again.  Great service, shipping, etc."
Works great.  Keeps my ring from sliding on my finger.
This product works beautifully. I had something similar years ago but it wasn't cut into a spiral. I think the spiral will help to keep water accumulation between it and the ring.
Does not work for men's rings and nothing indicates this.
Its good but only if your ring its only one size bigger if not its going to be loose
"I was skeptical about this product when I first saw it and when it came in the mail, but I was quickly proven wrong! I'm recently engaged and have a funky ring size kind of in the middle. So when I found a ring I loved we couldn't make it work. The instructions were clear and easy to follow and the product works just as said! I love being able to wear my enagament ring without worry of it flying off! You can't see or feel anything out of the ordinary. It's clear so even when you turn your hand over its not noticeable at all."
I have tried a few different gaurds. The kinds with the slit would just fall off. And the metal ones can scratch the ring. This one stays on. Doesn't bug my finger. And fits great! Highly recommended!
I couldn't get these to stop untwirling and/or poking my finger.
My rings are always too small in the summer and way too big in the winter. These kept them from falling off in the winter when my hands aren't swollen. They get a little gross looks and o haven't had one break like others have reported.
These work okay for awhile but eventually they wear out and begin to tear and feel uncomfortable on your finger.  Better to get your ring sized and be done with it.
"Great alternative to immediately resizing a ring. My engagement ring is an heirloom and this worked so well, I was able to use it for a few months until I was ready to have my ring resized."
"These made my rings fit on even more snug. However, I went through one ring guard in about 2 months before changing out for a new one. The plastic discolors after awhile and turns yellow."
I'm so happy that I decided to order this product along with another one that was listed on Amazon. The other product was Ring Snuggies and they were awful.  This product worked well to size a ring I have that's a little large and seems to be very durable.  I will definitely by this product again.
"As described, I cut mine to size and works as expected."
So much more comfy that the hard plastic walmart ring snugglie I bought... Wished I had come across this one sooner!
"I HAVE BOUGHT MANY THINGS ON AMAZON, BUT THIS IS WITHOUT DOUBT, THE WORSE ITEM I'VE EVER GOTTEN"
GOOD DEAL!
"Stretched out of shape very quickly, gets dirty under it easily and needs cleaned out almost every day. Easy to install and does job well, just not very hygienic."
"Don't hesitate to get these! I've lost 75 lbs, and still loosing so I don't want to size my rings until I'm done. I've tried multiple other sizers all of which failed. I was so sick of my rings falling off, so I tried these. They are easy to put on, and cut if need be. They are about as good as ypu can get for temporary sizing. They are pretty comfortable, they are not bulky at all like others. They keep my rings on my fingers which is my main goal. For me they still spin around but I've been loving with that for ages so it doesn't bother me. Also I use a lot of lotion so I try to take them off or else it gets stuck in the groves, but it does wash out easily."
worked great
They unrolled from the ring....ehhhhh
"Nice, but doesn't change ring size by anymore then maybe 1/2 size. Easy to use and is comfortable, just with it made more of a size difference."
"I wore this over a weekend conference before I could get a ring resized and for the most part it was fine, but after a weekend's worth of hand-washing and normal wear it kept unraveling and overall driving me nuts. I ditched it as soon as I had the chance."
"I am not in love with this product. I find that my ring still moves around my finger, and the plastic slides up the ring, making it visible. I'm not sure if my ring is just too big to use one of these products, or if it doesn't work as well as I'd hoped."
"I've always had a very difficult to fit finger, as the size of my fingers change so dramatically throughout the day and with the seasons. Over the course of just one day, my finger size can change almost a full size! This tiny, soft, pliable spiral of plastic is much superior to a fixed metal ring guard, as it allows for the crazy changes in my finger size during the day with a reasonable amount of give. It's completely clear and does not detract from the appearance of my engagement ring at all! I will purchase a few more of these just to keep on hand. LOVE it!"
you get what you pay for
Arrived quick. Easy to use. Came with three different sizes. Works great. It's comfortable. And finally my busband cam wear his wedding ring. Will probably post pics later
Perfect!  Easy to put on my engagement ring and wedding band!  Just what I needed to make each tighter & safer on my finger!
Exactly what I needed for my ring.
This is the MOST ingenious product! I'm thrilled to have found an option to make my rings fit since my weight loss!  It's easy and convenient to use and the different sizes make it possible to put them on different width rings.  Thank you!!
keeps multi rings together.
Great buy! It makes my ring fit perfectly and you don't even notice it's there. I recommend this product!
I was recently engaged and my ring was a little loose. Not enough to have sized down but just enough slip I was worried . This ring guard is perfect and doesn't scratch my ring . Definitely happy I found and would recommend to others .
Works well - though difficult to wash off hand lotion from the adjuster.
"Just received these so haven't really had time to make a fair review, but the ones I have tried are not holding the ring where it needs to be, am hoping the last one will do the job."
Comfortable
This works well.  I inherited some costume jewelry rings that were not worth paying to size.  These went on fairly easily and are comfortable.  They do slide around the ring more than I expected but it is not a big problem.
I wouldn't not recommend this item. None of the pieces would fit on my ring. I couldn't  return the item.
Really difficult to use on a thicker ring. I imagine this works really well for smaller ones though.
A great inexpensive way to adjust the size of your ring. The RinGuard does move around though and the ends unravel from time to time.
"Good for sizing, but curls up on my ring and doesn't always stay in place, which is frustrating."
This one is for the rings that are only for a very small size bigger.
The wife loves these and says they're comfortable
"works fine for very thin bands, useless otherwise"
Love this! It gives me the comfortable feeling and the plastic isn't noticeable at all! It doesn't pinch or feel too big. I love how it slides on easily and can be cut down if needed! I would highly recommend this. My ring needs to be a quarter size smaller this does the trick!
"Better for thin rings than thick ones, but discreet& reliable"
"These worked well for me. The spiral design makes it so it can bend with the shape of your finger. With regular tubular ring adjusters I was always aware it was there, I could feel the edge of it, with these I forget it's even there. I was also able to cut these in half as I didn't need the entire length of it so I was able to use one adjuster on 2 rings. I haven't had a problem with it coming off or getting loose, I've been using them for about 2 months now. I don't expect them to last a lifetime, when they do finally start to get loose or look bad then I'll be ordering this brand again."
Didn't work as well as i thought...
"Uncomfortable, and doesn't stay on the ring."
I bought this for my Fiancee's ring since her ring was about 2 sizes bigger than it was supposed to be and it has worked great so far. Before she couldn't ever wear her ring because it would fall off but now she is able to wear it.
I have tried numerous sizers that fell off or just didn't work.  This one works great.  A little pricey but does the job.  Watch out when applying lotions.
"The product works well in the beginning, but it gets loose after a few weeks of usage."
The product itself is fine. But my ring continued to move around. I put on another size and it was to tight. Maybe it's just my finger. The product is three rubber spiral pieces you could get at a hobby store for probably less than a dollar. Save your money.
Very happy with this quick fix.
So far my Wife has not had an issue with the guard. It does not hurt her finger/hand which is great compared to the other metal guards. Does what it says so far. Comes with 3 different sizes which is a plus. Easy to install!
"Very disappointing, I'm wearing a ring on every finger, needed to make sure the rings don't turn on my fingers every which way...the RinGuard comes off in the edges and I find myself fixing it all the times, also when I apply on my make up or cream on my face the RinGuard scratches my face.
I need a better solution to my issue, but this was not it."
"I bought this set of ring size adjusters when my boyfriend (now fiance) proposed. The ring was absolutely beautiful, but I was terrified to wear it because just a simple swing of my arm would throw the ring up onto my knuckle! I'm about a size 6-3/4 or 7 and the ring I bought these for was an 8. I used the largest sizer and it worked for a nice, snug fit. For my ring and my fingers, the sizer was visible during normal wear but the clear plastic aspect made it not as noticeable. If it weren't for this sizer, I wouldn't have been able to satisfy all my girlfriends asking to see my beautiful ring!

Issues I had with the size adjusters include sometimes being uncomfortable against the neighboring fingers since the spiral edges would rub up against the skin. It never scratched me since the plastic is soft, but it was enough to be annoying at times. Washing my hands also meant water would get trapped underneath the adjuster but that doesn't cause a performance issue, just slightly annoying when you want 100% dry hands. After prolonged wear, the adjuster does tend to creep up unevenly on the sides of the ring, but nothing a little wiggling downward can't fix. I did also notice that when I finally brought the ring in to get resized (I'd say about a month after the proposal), the adjuster didn't return to its original shape after being taken off. Not a big deal for me since I didn't plan on reusing it, but something to keep in mind.

Would definitely buy again for cosmetic jewelry that are too large."
Works perfectly with my college ring. Couldn't have gotten a better fix for my ring being too big.
Just as described!
"First of all I want to say I ordered the guard on Saturday, it was suppose to come Monday but it showed up Sunday afternoon shocking me. WAY better than any ring guard I've ever owned. Super easy to put on, stats with the bend of the ring and EXTREMELY comfortable! I bought this product for my engagement ring since it's slightly large and I always feel like I'm going to lose it. I immediately put it on my ring and I can't even tell it's there. It doesn't stand out, its blends in almost perfectly with my ring and it was the perfect width to make my ring fit snug. I couldn't be happier with this product."
Does what its supposed to do. I bought this after trying an adjustable metal ring guard for several weeks. I was constantly having to readjust it as it would become lose and when it began to turn my finger green that was the final straw. I ordered this and so far it's working well. It keeps my ring from sliding around on my finger and is fairly comfortable.
The plastic piece spun around a lot and drove me crazy. The idea is good and it did what it advertised. But it still drove me nuts
"Im so disappointed! It's made from a really flimsy/cheap plastic material. It took me a while to get it on correctly and when I finally got it on it did not stay coiled on my
ring completely; the ends kept unraveling and sticking out. I tried all three sizes that were included but the amount of time it took to collectively try all three sizes plus the amount of time that I lost being distracted by the constant unraveling was altogether a waist. Not a good investment for short or long term ring size adjustment."
"Only ring size adjuster that has lasted months and months. Comfortable, and you can trim them to be the correct size"
"These work very well! After a few months though, it has started turning a bit yellow. I will take an alcohol swab to it to see if that helps. Other than that, I am very pleased."
Finally! I tried four different 'ring guard' adjusters and this is the only one which actually worked! And I got three of them!  Awesome and easy to put on.
"Item was exactly as described. I'm very happy with the product. Sizing was correct, I'm thrilled I decided to go with this product as not only is it easy to put on the ring, but it is comfortable as well."
Awesome  and easy to use
Amazing little things.  Work fantastic and clear so you can't see them much better than a Band-Aid LOL
"The spiral cut on this adjuster is perfect. I've used the other adjusters that looks like a tube split down the middle. That type is bulky. I was able to feel that type of adjuster on the underside of my finger which felt awkward.
The spiral cut adjuster fit comfortably and is not noticeable to the eye or by touch when worn. I like that there are three lengths included in the package.
My only suggestion is to always remove the ring with the adjuster when applying lotions or oils. The oils warp the plastic which causes the adjuster to slide to the left and right of the ring. The adjuster loses its grip on the ring when it is oily. This causes my ring to not sit upright on my finger. My ring stays on, but I annoyingly have to readjust or recenter my ring on my finger. Not a big deal; just something I would rather not have to do.
I would definitely order these again."
"A waste of money DONT buy your wasting your money, it comes off easily , especially when you wash your hands"
I just got engaged!!  And the ring that my fianc picked out is slightly big and always falls to the left.  I bought this because of the rave reviews and I have to admit I love it!!
What a great idea! They stay on the ring and you can cut some off to make just the right fit.
These are helpful and will use them frequently in the future.
"SO much better than my metal guard and the noodle shaped ones you can buy in a store.  My engagement ring has a large stone that falls to either side of my finger, and only fits perfectly and stays upright when in its wedding band.  So until the wedding, this is perfect.  You don't see it or feel it."
Works as advertised and works well. Over priced for 3 tiny pieces of pvc tubing.
"I wasn't sure if I like these when I first used them.  Now I realize that they are really good!  I've tried other ways to keep my rings  secure on my fingers, including tape----not a good idea!  These practically disappear  from sight when placed on the ring.  I have been using these, unchanged, since they came and can heartily recommend them."
"The product would probably work great on most rings and it feels very comfortable.  However, I have two bands soldered to my engagement ring making it really wide and kind of flat on the bottom. The guard didn't wrap around snugly without curling up on the end. You can see in the picture I attached where it curls up on the left. No matter how many times I tried to wrap it around it kept popping up and curling on the end. It just didn't work."
As advertised.
Very comfortable! I would definitely buy again.
Worthless.  Unravels & uncomfortable.
"This is simply great!  It fits perfectly.  Nice and snug on my finger.  No more worries about losing my rings again!  My ring size is a half size so my rings were always sliding around.  The center stone rarely in the middle on my finger, sliding off to the side. But with this simple invention, the center stone stays in the middle.  A much better look than slipping to the side. I love this ring adjuster.  Feels very comfortable and works like a charm.

I have a friend that uses a different adjuster that is metal.  She dislikes it finding it uncomfortable and doesn't like the look of it. But didn't know there were other options until I told her about this one.

The trick is to make sure you wind the plastic tubing around the ring, tightly and closely (leave NO spacing), just like in the picture they show.  If you have the adjuster on and ring is now too small, just cut off one link at a time, until the ring fits you perfectly.

I'm planning to buy more adjusters for my other rings.  This is so much cheaper than having my ring re-sized by a professional jeweler."
"I received several different sizes in the pack and these adjusters were simple to use, and worked great for me!"
Love it!
"Probably works fine for slender rings, but with my below average width men's wedding band it did not work well at all. It did not fit well and was constantly unraveling off the ring. It did keep the ring on, but I had to reposition it about 20 times a day to keep it working. Also gunk gets under the plastic (soap, lotion, dirt). I'm taking it t a jeweler to have a solid adjuster insert put in."
Fits perfectly on my engagement ring.  Love how you can cut to customize the perfect fit.
Absolutely what I needed! No complaints!
"Thin, seem flimsy but they are actually flexible. I have worn them on my rings for months now. They work...I did rewrap it from time to time, but have not had to do that for quite some time."
It's a great quick fix for a ring that is too big. Doesn't damage the ring and I can keep it on the ring for days on end.
It works but as ur slipping it on or off it tends to undo itself
"This size adjuster allowed me to wear my wedding rings again after months of having to keep them on a chain around my neck! Perfectly comfortable, and saved me the cost and hassle and risk of actually resizing the rings."
"Doesn't work properly for a ring band width any thicker than 1/8"".  You have to have a really skinny band, otherwise it stretches out and unravels.  I threw away the largest size after just three days of use because it no longer stayed on the ring."
These work wonders! I would highly recommend these for anyone who needs their rings to fit tighter than what it already does. Works for everyday wear all day long
"They do the job for fingers that have become skinnier than when we were married.
Easy to install and very flexible. They tighten up the ring nicely and fulfill the purpose."
These work nicely. Took me a bit to get the hang of putting them on but they appear to work much better than the tubular I tried at an earlier time. I only wish they fit my combined wedding set. I guess the search is on.
Would return it but I cut it trying to make it work.  Very flimsy and comes off too easily.  Better off with straping tape at least it does not come off.
My engagement ring is 1.5 sizes too large for me because I lost weight. I needed a quick fix before I could bring it to the jeweler to get my ring re-sized. It works like a charm!
Used the smallest one and it is perfect for my ring.  You can hardly see it and it doesn't irritate my finger.
"Helped my ring fit tighter, but they tend to slip around the band and hold moisture when my hands gets wet."
Works as advertised.  Good price.
"My little kid bought a silver ring at a church flea market for me and I really wanted to try this ring for him though, it really didn't work and I'm very disappointed.
The ring is about 2 sizes bigger than my finger and I've tried to order a ring size adjuster with its best review at Amazon.
However, this may work if the size difference is not that big. It's very scratchy, bulky, the ending part kept loose and unsecured, not fitting well.
Unfortunately, this item somehow is not refundable at Amazon and I can't return it.
It's sit on my vanity now and soon gonna be in trash."
Works like a charm!
"I LOVE this ring size adjuster!!!!! I'm a very active person, (I work with kids, I live by the beach, I go kayaking) this product stayed on very well!!!! Easy to use, you can cut it to the size you want!!!!! AMAZING!!!!!"
It helps a larger ring fit better.
Most effective sizer I've tried since getting my ring. Very secure and trustworthy.
These work well.  My only complaint is that they slide around on the ring band.  They don't stay in place.
Love these ring sizers.  I have lost weight and my rings are all too loose.  I just slipped these ring sizers on my rings and they stay in place now.  Before they were slipping all over the place.
I have been looking for tese for a while! They come in 3 sizes and are very flexible and completely clear. I cut one into 3 pieces for 3 separate rings so I would say one package is all you need for almost 9 to 10 rings. I would definitely recommend these
"This product is great, it's made like the old fashion telephone cord wrap around the ring and easy to cut to fit. This is great for those who tend to loss and gain weight, or even how rings fit differently in summer and winter! They give you enough for three or four rings!  Will be buying again"
This is junk!  Looks crappy and doesn't hold the rings in place as advertised.  Uncomfortable too.  Just get your ring professionally sized and be done with it.  I don't recommend.
"This definitely keeps my ring from falling off, but it's irritating and uncomfortable, plus after just a few days I now have a callous at the base of my finger. I've been wearing my ring for months and only just got the callous for the ringuard"
"These were terrible. None of them were wide enough to reduce my ring so that it would sit on my finger. The plastic was uncomfortable, and it constantly unraveled after just a day of use. No wonder the seller won't take returns -they'd be buried in them!"
I am not impressed with this product at all. I used the thickest guard and it still curls up and is starting to come off on both sides.
Works perfect. I couldn't stand my ring sliding around and now it stays right in place.
does not stay in one place.
Didn't work well at all.  Basically a long coil of plastic that's pokey ends irritate you all day long.
I read the reviews for this product before I bought it. It wasn't worth the price. As soon as the ring guard got wet it was a wrap. My ring keep turning on my finger the guard itself kept moving out of place. I should have kept my money. It wasn't even worth the one star I gave it.
"The adjusters are very expensive for what they are. They were very uncomfortable to wear, they kept moving to the side of the ring."
"Great flexibility, and not as bulky as some brands.  And it's easy to cut to the length you want."
Loves the ring guards. So great my Mom wanted a sets too.
"Much better than I thought it would be, I have a few rings that I want to take to the jeweler for proper ring guards, but never get the time, so when I saw this I figured it looked better than those old plastic tube guards, and I was completely surprised at how really nice this is. It doesn't look at all like in the picture. I used the smallest size to wind around a size 8 ring and it is spread evenly, is barely noticeable and I don't even feel it on my finger or when closing my hand, and the largest size can be cut in half now that I know how these fit. I don't know how long it will last, but this is a great substitute till I ever get to the jeweler. I did have a bit of a time getting it started onto the ring and then finally getting it all wound on, but the end result was worth a little work."
works just feels ackward
"I swear by this adjuster. My fingers swell depending on what I eat and I can easily take this off and on. Of course, it also keeps the bottom of the ring from getting scratched up."
Works somewhat but stretches out and eventually works its way high up on the ring. Good only for temporary use!
They don't hold up very well.
six months and still in good shape
"I was really excited to receive this, but after trying it on, I am very very disappointed.  The clear plastic keeps unraveling itself and the edges get caught in my hair.  Any lotions or shampoo gets stuck inside the clear part and its tough to clean out without taking it off all the time, which ends up stretching it out.  The worst part is that you can't return this item!  Very sad to have wasted my money :("
Love this product.  Holds the top heavy ring in place and takes care of my over sized rings perfectly.  Comfortable.
Works just as it should.
Used these to fit rings that were just a bit too large. They work very well.
Works amazing! Better then the walmart ring snuggies!
"I will start off by saying I do have a wide band ring I tried this on.  I figured since it is like a slinky you can just stretch it over the band.  The problem I have is that I'm constantly messing with it.  You put the ring on, one side comes un-done.  You take it off - same thing.  It's just super annoying.  I trimmed and trimmed it trying to get it comfortable and ended up trimming so much that it's not sizing correctly anymore.  I've lost a lot of weight and still have more to go so don't want to get the ring professionally sized.  Overall - this didn't work for me."
Does not work. Don't waste your money.
These work great or my ring that I can't have resized.
The ring guard worked very well
RinGuard came in a timely manner. Very easy to put on. I like the way it fits around my ring. Definitely helps to stop by ring from moving around. Good temporary fix.
I've lost so much weight but didn't want to have to buy a new wedding ring yet. And these have been amazing!! I started with the smallest size as I lost more weight I was able to move to the medium size one. They are very easy to put on and take off the ring to change them.
Such a clever little device!  Works beautifully to enable me to wear my various rings that are a bit too large without worrying about them slipping off.  They are not noticeable since they are clear.  I plan to order more.  I inherited some rings and this device means I can actually wear them!
Hard to get on and off.
I had to use two of these adjusters to keep my ring on and when I bought the product I was under the assumption that one of the adjusters would fix the fact that my ring was too big
"The edges are kind of scratchy, and even though my ring almost falls off without this, the thinnest / smallest adjuster that came in the kit makes the ring a little snug. I'm rather picky about things though, so you should know that."
Square edge rubs on my finger and can make it sore.
"Works just as advertised. Pretty comfortable. Took my too-big ring (size 6 3/4) down to a perfect-fit ring (maybe a 6 1/4? 6?). My fingers tend to swell so this was a much better option than having the ring resized. Some days I have to remove the spooly thingy, other times I don't. I used the smallest spooly, but there were two others in the package.

The only annoyance with it is washing my hands. I can do it with the spooly thing on the ring, but it will retain some moisture between the coils, so I have to be extra certain to dry off the ring/finger thoroughly so it doesn't irritate my skin. Also, when I am washing my hands and rubbing my hands together the spooly thing can feel a bit scratchy. Minor issues, this was well worth the $8...protects my weirdly swelling fingers from making my ring too small, ever."
"Turned yellow, gets nasty from stuff getting stuck in it, and rolls off ring on the ends. I don't recommend"
Not really
"Worked ok for a few days, then it starts to unravel and the plastic likes your finger and is annoying. I wouldn't buy it again."
So easy to use and fits comfortably!
I put it on my ring today and it stopped spinning! I even forget it's on my ring until I run my thumb along the band. It's so nice to have my engagement ring more solid on my finger without having to get it resized since if I got it resized it wouldn't fit over my knuckle. This is a great product!
"I liked this product.  It is very useful and saves me from having to size rings that fit fingers which have a tendency to swell.  Once I found out how to cut the spiral so that it would wrap around comfortably, I was happy with it.  I would advise not get moisture under the ring guard (that may cause to slip around)."
It slides around the ring.
Works very well.
It serves its purpose but it was bothersome to me. Not very comfortable but it kept my ring in place. I only used it a few days and decided I didn't want it anymore. I just take the chance my ring won't fall off. But nothing wrong with it other than comfort.
Wraps don't stay on very well.
This worked like a charm!! Thank you so much
"Easy fix for rings that are too large, however, I found it a tad annoying (especially after washing my hands). Just felt like extra stuff on the finger and I constantly was playing with it."
gets the job done.
Didn't really work for me. It was not comfortable to wear and kept sliding so it was visible and loosened up by the 2nd day so much that it was not usable.
Not very happy with the product. It doesn't fit well on the band and continually unravels. The ends get snagged and the ring twists around on my finger so it does not give me the snug or snugger fit I wanted.
I wish it was a little cheaper but it works great! I use it on my wedding band set and it's very comfortable. It was a package of 3 different sizes.
I had expected a little more from this than what it is.  Very small for me to use with my fingers not very agile.
"Worked so well!  It's comfortable and by removing some of the rings, it allows you to customize it to fit perfectly."
It works well and its not noticeable and it comfortable. I would recommend.
"It worked in that it made my ring a little more snug on my finger but it was not comfortable to wear. The ends of the plastic piece would stick out a little bit and rub against my finger.  It was easy to twist on, but I ended up taking it off after only a few days."
"useful, now I can wear my ring"
works well .. just as described. Was fairly impressed actually because I doubted how it would work successfully.
"I put this on a ring that was too large, that I used to wear daily. The ends kept hanging on everything and my ring would move around my finger. I am assuming these ring sizers are for thin bands. I do not own any rings that have thin bands. I am going to try one on another ring that is too large and hopefully the thinner band will help keep these sizers on correctly."
"Looked along time for a durable ring size adjuster...this fixed a ring I was going to return (which I really liked but slightly big) VERY HAPPY
don't even have to take off ring when washing dishes or hair"
"It was easy to cut and adjust the ring to fit my finger. It is comfortable to wear, too."
"During the spring and summer months I would have no problem with my wedding ring fitting perfectly.  But being that I work outside, during the autumn and winter months I would have problems with my ring becoming very loose and I would end up taking it off during those months so that I wouldn't lose it.  The RinGuard is easy to install and is easy to remove.  I ordered the set of 3 sizes to determine which I would need in the future.  And now that I know I can just order that size."
Very comfortable.  My size 5 ring fits great now on my size 4 finger.  Thank you.
These work great. Now I have my Grandma's Ruby class ring on my pinky thanks to these !! (:
This is amazing!
"These sizers are the very best adjusters I've ever had! They attach to the ring very easily and stay on well. I'll be back for more of these, very soon!!"
purchased for my wife.  She loves it.  My daughter borrowed one for a week or so until she could get her engagement ring sized and liked it as well.  Unique design does the job!  Cool solution
"My engagement ring is 1 full size too big currently, so I purchased this because it looked more comfortable than the blocky plastic type. I used the medium sized one and cut two ringlets off. It works perfectly and it is really comfortable. I gave the smallest size to a friend whose ring is 1/2 size too big and it fit hers perfectly without cutting any off. Definitely worth the purchase until I send my ring out for resizing!"
"The design of the RinGuard is excellent! I purchased the set because I got my engagement ring resized during the warmer weather, and then the temperatures dropped.  My ring was getting quite loose, but this product fixed the problem.  It is far better than the Ring Snuggie I was using before I got my ring resized as water and dirt are not always getting trapped inside.  The spiral design conforms to the shape of the ring, so it does not pop off and it is very comfortable to wear.  I have been using it for several days now, and it feels like it is part of my ring."
"I was extremely excited for this product based on the reviews I read however when I received the item it was much smaller than I expected.  When I say small I mean width wise.  Each of the sizes is long in length so it needs to  be trimmed (unless you want it come up and around to the front of your finger).  I trimmed it a couple of ways however no matter how I adjusted it the plastic ends were stabbing my fingers.  It also was not comfortable.  Someone's review indicated that you could use these over two rings at the same time and I can assure you that it does not work.  I can also say that if you use one for each stacked ring it will not sit flat against the other ring and it will look awkward.  I didn't use this longer than a week and I just threw them out because I didn't want the hassle of trying to return or explain the issue with the seller.  If you do purchase them I hope it works out better then it did for me but I have warned you.  If you found this review helpful please let me know by clicking the ""YES"" button below!  Happy shopping!"
Good product . And fast shipping.
"These work well, they are annoying, but when you have to do something to keep a ring on, this does the trick."
"I returned this item.  I couldn't figure it out so, I just decided to get my ring resized."
"Perfect for my engagement ring. I don't want to resize my ring yet, the medium adjuster for around my band for the perfect fit."
I'd give these little ring size adjusters a five if only I could purchase three small!  It was easy to install and it does the job!
great
Exactly what I was looking for.very comfortable
"did not work well.  would not stay in place and kept pinching the back of my finger.  Not very sturdy, and very not pleasing to use."
Much better than the little plastic tubes.
"Didn't stay on, kept uncurling."
Kept unwinding.
"I have swollen knuckles so I had to have many rings resized.
Good concept but hurt my finger."
work very well. only thing is they get dirty underneath the band very fast and move side to side
Can't stand that it doesn't fit. To much space between my finger and the guard.
Excellent if you have hands and fingers that can swell or shrink.
This does the job. I love that I can't feel it but that it makes my ring tighter. I cut it to fit to what I needed. The only thing is it's not the most attractive thing in the world. I can not see it at all from the top but I hope to actually get my ring sized soon. This was the perfect temporary fix
Great product
"The thing I like is I don't have to go to the jewelry shop and pay all that money, The ring I brought it for I do not wear it every day, so far I do not  have any issues with this product."
I am very happy with the ring size adjuster. I have very small hands and fingers. This has helped keep my rings upright.
My ring kept moving to the side and this keeps it in place really good. & i don't even remwmber its there most of the time
"It did not work for my 5mm ring at all. The ends curled up, and I eventually just threw it away."
"not the most convenient thing, but serves the purpose. Still looking for other options."
"easy to put on and take off, a great product! can make different sizes, too!"
Inaccurate website description and does not work as described.
Does the job but lots of water and debri get caught under. I guess thats to be expected. You can make this with a razor blade and 10 cents worth of macroline. Just heat the macroline into a curve. Then cut the macro to size and cut a slit down the middle.
"I have bought the ring noodle and the Ringguard. This is so much better!
1. It's a coil, so when you wash your hands dirt and water flows through the coil (stuff gets trapped in the noodle)
2. it stays in place and a much better fit on the ring (the noodle keeps on moving around the ring)
3. It's much better quality, you can wear the ringguard for a longer time before getting the ring sized."
I don't think I can get use to this on my finger.
"I wish I'd found these sooner!  I am a half-size on several of my fingers, so buying rings that aren't fine jewelry is a struggle.  I have a set of the plastic ring guards that are split down the middle, but have found them to be bulky and awkward on my finger.  I was very hopeful after reading the reviews for these ring adjusters, and was thrilled when I got to try them on my rings.  These are, by far, superior to the larger bulkier ring guards that I had.  These ring size adjusters are of a much more pliable and softer plastic than others, which makes them much more comfortable.  The fact that they are spiraled makes installation and removal a snap.  The lengths are long enough that I was able to split them in half and get two guards out of one.  I like that they came in three different sizes as some of my ring bands were thinner gauge and required a thicker guard.  I have already put them on several of my rings, and will probably order another set so I don't have to transfer from one ring to another.  I highly recommend this product."
"Neither size worked, once you wash your hands, they began to unwind"
works great
"I have tried several types of ring adjusters and this one, by far, is the simplest and best.  It is comfortable and works perfectly."
Great product
It didn't really work for me.  I am  not using it.
Didn't work for me. Kept unraveling.
If you are looking to help make your ring smaller this is the product to get!! The only cons I can think of are if applying lotions to take off the ring otherwise the lotion will get under the sized but other then that I absolutely love the product and the option of the 3 sizes helps to make sure you get the perfect fit.
Excellent product.  Stays on well.  Does not slide around.  Easy to adjust to size by trimming.
"This ring guard is great! Holds my engagement ring in place, I don't have to worry about my ring falling off my finger! I've had other types of guards in the past which never worked well."
So far very good
Product is easy to use and does what expected. Because it's plastic every time you wash your hands water gets trapped in there so it's better to take your ring off before washing.
"Very pleased with this purchase.  Let me start by giving you the background on my ring and the need for the ring guard.

I have a Verragio ring that has scrolling at the top of the ring, where a traditional ring would be round like in the stock photo, so it makes sizing hard to begin with.  Second, I have very big knuckles, so to size it to fit my actual finger, I am unable to slide the ring on and off over my knuckle without using soap or lotion, which is so bad for the ring and the diamond.

I used the clear tube looking ones in the past but they are hard to put on, constantly pop off and are so obvious and stand out like a sore thumb on my very thing band.  I was fed up with this and had the metal bar installed but after a month of tightening and loosening it, it snapped.  So did I.  I have this gorgeous ring and it slides all around.  It's upside down more than it's rightside up.

I searched ring guard on Amazon and this unique design popped up.  I've never seen one like this before.  First, it arrived faster than the two days.  Major points.  These come 3 to a pack, with a variety of lengths that allow for this to wrap around a thin band or a thick band.  Since my band is very thin and I didn't want the plastic to show on either side or irritate my finger, I chose the shortest in length.  I began wrapping it around my ring and when I reached the desired fit, I simply trimmed off the end and wrapped the remaining piece around.

The fit is perfect.  Since this doesn't pop on and off like the cheese plastic tubes, I do still have a little trouble getting it on and off over my knuckle, but once it's on, it stays put.  It doesn't slide around, it barely shows and it's not big and clunky.

For those asking if it will fit around a thicker band or a band that has been sodered, it should with no issues.  Just use the longest of the 3.

Very pleased and will definitely buy again."
This product was exactly what I was looking for to help keep my wedding rings in place. I used it not only for sizing but also to hold my band and ring together.
This adjuster is amazing. it is very easy to install. Just wrap around the ring. So you can use one for several rings. My fingers tend to swell in the summer so I can remove it when it isn't needed.
"Excellent product! Had just gotten engaged and the ring was way to big, used this to keep the ring from sliding off my finger and it has worked perfectly! What is nice is that it is a lower profile and isn't annoying in the finger like others. I went to the jeweler to have the ring sized and he commented on how great of a product it was and asked where I got it. Would definitely recommend."
They work.
Bought it thinking I could attach a wedding ring and engagement ring together. It just keeps coming unraveled. Would probably work to size just one ring.
doesn't work well....
kept falling off the ring.
This is plastic. It didn't fit my need. I have a double ring wedding set. It would work better for a single ring or with a slender width.
Works well.
Just got the product today and tried it on right away. It does work very well on the ring that's 1/2 size too large for me. We'll see how it holds up over time... but so far so good.
Perfect! Now my ring won't fall off and it stays in place.
Comfortable and inconspicuous.
"I really like these ring guards. They send you three, in different sizes, so you should have no problem finding one to suit whatever ring you need to use it for. I inherited a nice ring, and although I had it professionally fitted, it was so top heavy that I could not wear the ring without it sliding all  over my finger. One of these ring guards solved the problem quite nicely. It comes as a spiral plastic, and it is not hard at all to figure out how to attach it to the ring you are wearing. For the price you really can't beat the product. I would definitely buy again, had I the need to."
"The product worked fine at first, however after only two weeks the ""spring"" started to stretch and uncoil leaving it loose. Theoretically it works great, but just not long term. It got me through my vacation where i wanted to be extra safe with my ring, but by the time we got home it was no longer usable."
There's no good way of cutting this thing without having sharp edges. It would get caught in my hair while bathing and scratch my son when I touched them.
"I like it, came later than expected."
This is good and for the most part does what it says. I have had mine for a couple of days and it starts to unravel a bit. I wish it came with at least two of each size for $8 but only has three that  are different sizes in pack. I probably will not order another and just use mine until I can't anymore.
"Works fine.  I recently lost a lot of weight but really like my rings, a roommate suggested the options of either layering tape to make them fit and not slide around or buy these.  I bought these that night.  If you want to go the cheaper option you could maybe try tape but I was afraid it would damage the finish.  Plus it just looks kind of trashy.  But maybe you could do it so no one notices.  Or just buy these."
It will get loose with time. But it will last you about 3 weeks
The ringuard were terrible> It was a waste of money. Liz
"Super happy with this purchase. I got this to replace my previous metal sizer that kept slipping off or getting caught on things (and made it painful for me to remove my ring.) this is super comfortable, easy to get on and off, and doesn't get stuck on everything haha."
Keeps falling off my mother's ring.
"I had been thinking about wearing my HS ring, but it's 1/2 size too big. I liked that this coiled around the ring fairly easily. I'm not sure if I accidentally got lotion on it, or if it just stretches out after wearing it for a few days, but I couldn't keep the ringuard from unrolling as I put on my ring. I ended up taking it off."
"I've recently lost a lot of weight and my wedding band doesn't stay on anymore.  I lost it in the laundry once but thankfully found it!  I don't want to have the ring resized until I've met my goal weight and someone suggested a ring saver.

Basically it's just some little flexible plastic coils that wrap around the ring - ideally staying on the bottom where people can't see it.  This set came with a few different sizes to try out.  I used the smallest one.

It certainly did its job but the coil would start uncoiling and honestly I found it to be uncomfortable.  In the end I purchased a set of cheap fake gold rings from World Market and just wear one until the gold wears off."
Does what it says. My ring fits perfection. Very comfortable don't feel anything is there
"I can't believe how well this worked out! I used the medium on a very old ring that I didn't want to have resized, and gave the small size to another woman for her loose wedding ring. It was a hit for her, too! Hard to believe something so simply can make such a difference. It's comfortable and not noticeable. Good value."
"My ring now fits very well! l've tried other product that didn't look so good but did the job. This product, however, looks nice and fits great! I definitely recommend."
"These are great! Do not pop off like the noodles do, because it wraps around the ring. I notice is gets slightly larger after some wear, but doesn't cause too much of an issue. No color change over time, and also has a slim profile so I don't feel it when I close my hand like I used to with the big noodles. I only needed a slight downsizing, maybe a size or less, and it's great for that, especially for winter months. Not sure how much it can help if you need more than one to two sizes down because the bigger sizes don't get wider, they are just longer (and you certainly don't want it to wrap around to the sides or front). My ring is top heavy, so it's really great to reduce sliding of the ring to the side. Overall, it's the best type of ""noodle"" I have found and have ordered more. I do NOT recommend the noodles with the slit in them - they pop off all the time! If you need a slight adjustment, I would definitely recommend these."
"Don't order this, it hurts your fingers."
These work very well. I have petite fingers and I was able to cut the smallest one in half to keep my ring from spinning. Very comfortable too.
Just try it. It was exactly what I was looking for.
"I have had this ring gaurd on my ring for about 10 months now and it is just as great as when I bought it. Very durable. I wear my ring everyday and while I do everyday work. I wear it cutting grass, school work, office work, cleaning, and more and its still nice. Honestly didn't expect it to last so long, but I am glad that it has."
Very good and practical
I love it! I had gotten a ring guard at walmart and it was so bulky but this one is small and super easy to put on. My ring still slides around but there's no fear its going to fall off my finger and its not really noticeable.
Works perfectly! Very comfortable on the hand unlike other ring guards.
This works well enough but for me it's not a good permanent solution. It takes a bit of finess to put on the ring and was reasonably comfortable. It is noticeable.  I tried other products that were harder to use and much more uncomfortable.  You need to some trimming to get the right amount of length. I think how much you like it is a very individual thing.  It may be easier to use on bigger fingers.
Great quality and fast shipping.
"Love,Love,Love! Ordered a bunch more!"
I bought this ring sizer for a antique cocktail ring. I was very pleased that there were multiple size option and by how easy RibGuard was to put on. It worked great!
"These guards do exactly what I needed them to do. Comfortable, temporary and cost effective."
it is pretty good. fits well. Easy to fit it.
Exactly what I needed and the product works great!
My engagement ring is just a tiny bit loose--in the morning it fits just fine but by the afternoon it's a little loose and if I'm not careful I feel it will slip off. I don't want to bother with getting it permanently re-sized and this little thing is the perfect cheap fix! Can't see it and I've been using it for almost 3 weeks now.
Wish I could give a zero star the spiral on this constantly comes loose. Not functional
Is what I expected I just thought different sizes meant tell thickness not the length
It was easy to get on
Fell right off first hour waste of money
"The size of my fingers changes constantly depending on whether I'm hot or cold, what I ate, time of the month, and so on...I've been measured for rings several times and I can be a 6, 6.5, or 7. I usually buy rings that are 7 so I can wear them when I want and if they are a little loose it's okay. However when I got engaged, on the days that I wasn't bloated, the ring will turn on my finger due to the weight of the stone which was extremely annoying. I don't want to get it professionally adjusted as the ring fits me perfectly many other times. This was the perfect solution!! It's comfortable and it can be taken out at any point. Great value as well."
My ring now feels secure.  Compared to other ring size adjusters this one is the most comfortable and least visable
"Good for very short term sizing, but with water getting logged in the sizer every time you wash your hands,  and with the plastic being a little rough (it can pinch at times and scratches skin), I don't suggest it for more than a few days."
I'm already annoyed.  It slides up one side and looks hideous because you can see it even though it is clear.  I'm mad that I bought these.  I think they will go in the trash.
"I have arthritis, so once I got engaged I had the predicament of sizing the ring to fit properly OR be able to remove the ring when my knuckles got swollen.
This was a good compromise! It doesn't come off as easily as the regular sizers, or get caught on things.
Downside is it does slide a bit & soap scum & lotion is easily caught."
My wife likes it. I think this is the best product to use when you want to adjust the size. It's fits comfortably and hardly noticeable. It's great to use until you get your ring resized.
"It worked as it was meant to by keeping the ring from spinning, but is definitely scratched the metal, so I would not suggest using these on expensive jewelry."
It is perfect! it's comfortable and unnoticeable.
The bigger size doesn't quite fit my husbands wide band.
These work very well and are reasonably priced.  I like how there are different sizes and you can customize it.
Does what it is supposed to. The guard moves and sometime unwinds if it catches on something. Comfortable to wear and easy to attach.
"I love this product. It is the only thing that I have tried that actually worked. I am using the longest of the three lengths on my engagement ring. A girlfriend recently commented that ""it is the first time I have actually been able to see your diamond"" because it always twisted to face my palm. It did not work as well the diamond wedding band that I got from my mother in-law. It is about 1 size bigger that my engagement ring.  I have tried a couple of the sizes together but that did not work out. One piece was too small, 2 pieces would not go over my knuckle. I too have rather enlarged arthritic knuckles."
"It looks great on the ring in the picture but it did not work well on my ring.  My band isn't circular and it's not super thin so when I wound this ring adjuster around my ring the ends kept popping open and unraveling throughout the day.  I found myself trying to fix it in the car, at the store, in bed before going to sleep, while making dinner, etc.  I probably had to put the ends back on 20+ times per day.  I'd rather just not wear my ring at this point.  Good concept but they just didn't work for me and my ring."
"I needed to size down a ring that is top heavy and spins on my finger. I read the review of this product and despite the reviews decided to give it a try. I will start by saying all three of the sizes aren't doing the job, the ring still spins - that in itself is bad enough - but the cherry on the cake of the product is that not only does it do a poor job of sizing down p, but it pokes your inner the entire time you are wearing it which would make me just as soon not wear the ring at all if this was the only solution. I'll be tossing it into the trash."
"I really like the coil design of this ring sizer. Other sizers slide on kind of like a hot dog bun and have a tendency to fall off after awhile, but these stay on like they should."
I've been wearing one on my college ring for several years now!
"I really like this ring guard. Ring guards I have had in the past get stuck in my hair when I'm styling/playing with it. This one doesn't, big selling point!"
This works perfectly to help with a ring that's too large.... a quick fix until you can get it correctly sized.
"I ordered the ring .50 to big and needed a quick fix until I could get the ring re-sized after vacation. The RingGuard worked during exercising, swimming in the Ocean, and while doing everyday tasks!"
"Wasn't able to adjust the guard size so that it fit properly without cutting it. And when I got it to fit, it began to unravel. It lasted a week and a half  by then it was done."
Works great
Disappointed. Unfortunately just kept coming off and unraveling. Wouldn't recommend and was unable to return through Amazon. Was a total waste of money.
"The first day I loved this adjuster, but a week later it slips around the ring which makes the ring slip.  I continually have to adjust it.  I haven't taken it off, yet, though I may abandon it. It does make the ring feel a bit more secure, but I bought the adjuster in part to stop the ring flopping around my finger.  Based on ratings, it appeared to be the best solution of the products offered, but I am disappointed."
"Very comfortable, inexpensive, and I love it!"
"My husband's knuckles are larger than his fingers, so his wedding ring is loose. The RinGuard fits his wide band nicely, and he says it's comfortable."
"These are great!  I have bought several sets and given some away.  They're better than the metal bar sizers, and the soft plastic tube sizers can pinch or fall off.  I have only had two of these get stretched out and needed to be replaced.  I think that may have been user error, though. :-)"
I've been using these for over a month now. All in all its a good product that does what it's supposed to do. It's easy to put on and holds two of my rings together. Sometimes it slips and I have to adjust it but out of all the things I've tried this works the best.
"This is a very handy little attachment, but it's definitely not a long-term solution. I used it for a few months until I finally took my ring to get re-sized. After awhile, it becomes very stiff. But it worked extremely well for what I needed."
I didn't care for these. Uncomfortable. Had to be very careful not to scratch my face when washing my face. Ring still slide around. Maybe I didn't have enough of them on to help the problem?
Ease of use this product works very well and does as advertised. I lost a massive amount of weight after surgery and my fingers were so thin that I could not wear my wedding ring. This products saved me from having to size a heirloom wedding band.
They work well just have to keep trying them in different ways but over all does the job
The best sizer I've ever seen. Works well and does not pinch
A must have if you just want to snug the ring up just a bit.
"Product took more than 2 weeks over the expected shipping date to be delivered, other than that, very good quality. Does the job"
"Totally does its job by sizing my ring.  However, as I suspected not a permanent option.  It lasted fine for the few weeks I used it.  But because it sticks out on the bottom end I couldn't wash my face without scratching myself.  Again nothing against the product that is just what happens with an external attachment.  it worked perfectly to bridge the gap between getting my ring fixed and when it became loose. Would recommend as a temporary solution.  But expect to purchase more if its a long term solution, plastic gets dirty with lint, soap residue. etc."
"It works very well and is removable. Adjust as needed. I would buy a multi pack if your finger size fluctuates often (i.e. salt intake, weather/ambient temperatures, etc.)."
"This works perfectly, and you can barely see it!"
"Works great! After several uses the coil does stretch out a little. But it did the trick, my ring fits tighter and stays in position not sliding around."
It works. I am happy with it.
These are by far the best ring adjusters out. They are thin enough where I don't feel them on but sturdy enough to hold my rings in place. I'm ordering another set ASAP!
Ring guard works great. Takes a little bit to get used to it but serves its purpose.
"Ummmm...didn't work for me. I am dieting so needed something temporarily to make my wedding ring more snug. I have a European shank (flat bottom) ring. It didn't form correctly and had sharp edging. So, for now I'm using electric tape until the dip plastic arrives. I'd choose something else. Total waste of money."
"I have some thin bands and the adjusters allowed for my size 9 rings to fit onto my size 7 fingers. They are easy to slip on and off.  As a bonus, they  prevent the movement of rings on your finger."
"Exactly what I needed - slightly tightens the ring. Because its curled, you don't even feel it. Visible - but you can cut to size. And without sizing the ring, I am not sure that there is an invisible solution. This is exactly what I needed for a temporary fix. The price is a little high - but it seems to be market rate."
Saves me from having to get my ring downsized which can compromise the gold. Works well. The only gripe I have is they get dirty very easy.
"Nice idea, but it keeps slipping up to the top-side of the ring."
"I have a size 5.5 finger but fell in love with a size 8 ring that supposedly can't be resized.  I think It could,  actually,  but now I don't have to.  I used the smallest sized piece that came in this set and then wrapped the largest one over it and extending to each side.  It's perfect.  I had to try a few different combinations before settling on small then large,  but it's great.  The ring is very comfortable and there's no chance of these twisty things falling off.  As a bonus,  the ring doesn't slide from side to side either."
easy to put on. Does size ring. Problems are it causes ring to rotate on finger and the ends uncurl.
I'm impressed by how easy this product is to use  and by how well it works.  :-)
"Came longer (length) then I expected but that's perfectly fine, you can trim them. Three different sizes which is perfect. Slims up the ring and helps the lose ring fit perfect. And looks just like the picture. Perfectly slim to the ring and not noticeable."
"Fast shipping, and makes my ring fit perfectly! I purchased this after my ring was resized and since i lost weight, it was loose again, so instead of waiting for my ring for another 2 weeks, I decided to purchase this product and it works great!"
The adjuster untwists while I am wearing them. Not helpful.
Not that great. It is not comfortable to wear and it pinches a little. It's okay if you want to wear a ring for a couple of hours but for all day I found it uncomfortable.
Piece of junk
"Because I had to use the largest size on two rings that were soldered  together,  the adjuster tends to spiral off the rings. I cut it shorter so it fits better, but the rings still turns. Fits well on two other rings."
"Yes, it will reduce your ring size but there are so many unpleasant things to deal with:

1. Grime/dirt/lotion residue from everyday use builds up underneath the plastic and looks really gross.  I even have difficulty getting hand soap out from under the plastic.
2. You can feel the plastic rubbing and grating your face if you are washing your face with your ring on.  I don't want to have to remove my expensive (but quite frankly, priceless) ring every time I wash my face.
3. After a month or so, the plastic starts to kind of stretch out, and the ends begin to unfurl a little so you can feel it poking you at times."
"It gets the job done. The only thing i don't like is that soap or lotion gets under it and annoys me until i get it all out, being a nurse i wash my handa countless times a day. I took it off and would rather have my wedding band rotate than see all that soap and lotion stuck under the adjuster"
"These work great, although they do require a little initial patience to get them cut and fitted to your ring and finger. I've been using the same RinGuard for 2-3 months on an engagement ring (so it's on my finger 24/7, minus showers) and have only noticed a slight bit of stretching out in the past two weeks. I imagine it'll last another 2 months or so before I have to think about putting another one on. I highly recommend taking your ring off when you wash your hands or put lotion on, though, because there have been a couple of times when I've been lathering up with some beauty product or another and the guard has cut my hand. That's my fault, though, not the RinGuard's!"
it moved around the ring constantly and came uncoiled repeatedly.
Worked very well
"I've tried a few different ring guards and this is the best one.  Another brand that I tried was good (RING NOODLE), but with time (a few months, maybe) they stretched out and would pop off my ring when I would my ring on my hand.  I have pretty uniform fingers (i.e., I don't have large knuckles) and I found with regular wear the Ring Noodle stretched out from taking my ring on and off.  I don't wash my hands with this ring on, so no gunk accumulated in the Ring Noodle guards, they just stretched out.  I like the RinGuard brand because it's a tighter wrap around the ring band and is not subject to stretching the way the other brand was, even with taking my ring on and off to wash my hands."
"OK product
<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/RinGuard-Ring-Size-Adjuster-Set-of-3-Sizes/dp/B00PI0T25Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">RinGuard Ring Size Adjuster (Set of 3 Sizes)</a>"
Have lost weight and wanted to still wear my ring.  We don't have a jeweler in town so decided to buy this sizer.  Works great but moves around so painted clear nail polish on it.  Work perfect!
"Works very well
Different sizes were nice
Doesn't squeeze or pinch my finger"
Beats loosing some platinum out of my ring!
Love my ring sizer.  Recently received a ring that was to big.  Wanted something that i could take off if needed.  This was it!  It was customizable for the size i needed.  The only draw back is it looks dirty after constant wearing.
Easy to use and comfortable to wear.
"Works well, but just make sure to take your ring off when you take a shower, do dishes, do messy work, etc. because soap and dirt and stuff can get stuck in the spirals."
"Works great. My engagement ring has a swirly sort of design, and this particular ring gaurd wraps itself around each little indentation, perfectly hugging the ring. It's clear, which means that when you see the ring from the palm side of my hand, you don't notice the guard. My finger size seems to be an in between size, because one half size smaller is too small. This ring gaurd is comfortable, my ring is staying on and not spinning around my finger. I'm so glad it came in a three pack, because I'll be using it for the wedding ring part of the set."
"This is the best solution to my ever changing fingers !  Even if my rings are sized correctly by a jeweler, I still have days that my rings are tight or loose because of water weight.  These soft, flexible plastic noodles are easy to put on & take off & can get wet.  They stay on better, because they wrap around like a spring instead of one long tube."
Doesn't stay on very well on ends but better than not having any
Bought it for my sister. She said it worked perfectly for her rings.
"I love that I can trim it to what size I need for each ring.
Definitely will purchase more when I need to again."
The ends easily unravel.
"Eh, works ok but was too long so had to trim.  The ends then poked my finger so removed it.  Haven't had it on since. It does keep the ring in place if you don't mind the poke!"
Works great
I was a little skeptical at first about how well these would work but I definately recommend them. I've been wearing it for about three weeks and I have had NO PROBLEMS
"Does it's job but it's not very attractive. It gets stained after awhile. I would still recommend it though, because people can't really see it."
Love it! Going to order more!
Love these They work perfectly Ive worn rings since I was 8 years old on each finger and wish they wouldve made these sooner
my ring fit me now...love it
"I've been using all of the 3 for a few months, and they are stretched out a bit.  Also, these are all pretty big, so I had to cut down two of them.  Which was not a big deal."
"I bought this for my wife's ring.  Either the coils were too small, too large, or completely ineffective.  When I went to return it a few days later, Amazon said this item was ""ineligible for return.""  So, if you do get this item, be absolutely certain you want it and that it will work for you.  Otherwise, you will be out the money you spent on this."
"This guard was ok. I wore it for 24 hours on a small pinky ring of my dad's that was a tiny bit to big. It was comfortable enough, not convenient for wear all the time. It got water, soap, hair product, snagged on things pretty frequently. Maybe it's not meant for everyday or long term use. I didn't want to have to remove my jewelery and adjust everytime to wear it."
"I really wish I could return these. It was a waste of money. I tried it on because my ring is a half size too large. I put it on correctly, but the ends kept coming up and poking my finger; it was uncomfortable. I ended up taking it off and just having my ring be too large on me."
Thin rings only.
"The BEST OF THE RING SIZERS!!! doesn't itch, fall off, break, hold water or lotion. So comfortable! Not noticeable at ALL. This ring is two sizes too big but doesn't look like it's got a sizer. Trim to fit if necessary. This was the small size, used all of it. Love it! Buying for some more large rings. Don't get the others! This is the design to get!

The photo shows the small size spiral used on the pear shaped ring."
"After wearing it for a few weeks, I'm really happy with this Ringuard. My ring doesn't spin around anymore, and I'm not afraid it's going to fall off. It was a little strange to wear at first, but now I can't even feel it. Putting it on and taking it off the ring is really easy too - just a few twists and you're done. The size I needed was a bit too long, so I cut it as directed and I've had no issues."
Does the job ok. If I could warn the next person of anything it would be not to cut to fit
Did not fit some of my wide bands
really works
The wrap comes off pretty easily if it doesn't land perfect around the ring
"It works well, I just wish it didn't get so dirty and now it's turning green, but at least my rings fit now and I had two different rings and there were three different sizes in the packaging so I'm satisfied for the cost and that I can now wear a ring I really love."
The ring guard works great and can size down the ring at least two sizes
Works but becomes uncomfortable after a few days.
This guard is amazing. It does something none of the other guards do and it adjusts on its own to the diameter of the ring and can be cut to the amount you need. It also feels and looks like it's not there. Will buy again if it is ever needed. I have a beautiful design on my band and it would mess it up.
"So I bought these after using three other types of ring sizers. I was breaking the metal ones constantly and the tube plastic ones would fall off all the time, these.. no. I love these. I put this on in September 2015 and have had the same one on since. (March 2016) no cracking, no discomfort, nothing. I was surprised how well they worked. I looked at the spiral design and thought nah not gonna do it,  but it does. It's sizes well, it lasts so far forever, and I can't feel it on my finger at all. I can't say enough good things about this ring sizer. I mean really really great."
I tried other sizers that were uncomfortable and bulky. I was afraid i would mess up the integrity of my ring by having it re-sized again. I was very happy with this and will order more if I ever need too!
Fits the ring nicely. Not noticeable nor uncomfortable.
Didnt fit my ring. Niether of the 3 Sizes Fit.
I am very happy with this product.  It has worked great.
"Helps my ring to not skip around, but not so comfortable."
"I have tried a few different ring adjusters, but this one is my favorite. Other ones popped off easily, felt bulky and constantly got water in them leaving a gross feeling. The RinGuard has none of those issues. I wear it all the time to keep my 2 rings together and prevent them from sliding around my finger."
These are great as long as you don't trim them from the original length. Any that I have cut shorter do not like to stay wrapped around the band of my rings. The ends uncoil and stick out weird.
"Once on, the ring is nearly impossible to get over the knuckle.  On the one ring, it fit but slipped back and forth, making good the ring still spin, but less than without it. Bearable until I washed my face. The rubber scratches. My other ring is too wide for these bands to be comfortable."
It works on my fat wedding band! And a ring 1.5 sizes too large. It's very easy to put on and is comfortable.
Very good
Great product. I'm coming back for an extra one. Bought it to see how my wedding ring would fit if I got it sized down a half size because it was always spinning. But I've ended up using them more for rings I buy for my middle finger one size larger to wear on my ring finger as well. This just made my jewelry box a lot more versatile. Not sure how long they would last but great for helped to decide if you really should get a ring sized.
"This has sharp edges capable of leaving scratches on skin.  It works well to keep your ring on your finger, just be careful not to scratch your loved ones!"
very comfortable to wear. would recommend.
Works well
"uncomfortable, so useless"
Works great
"Works like it is supposed to.  Takes some time to get used to the feel of it on your finger. Not sure I could wear it everyday.  I just use it for a ""fashion"" ring that is too big, I don't wear the ring everyday, so I can deal with it for a short period of time."
Came in 3 different sizes. Easy to switch to different rings.
The best ring size reducer I ever bought easy to put on and not bulky like other ones.
TOTAL waste of money.... this didn't fit around a (small) man's ring at all... it's three small spiral strips of plastic that might cost the manufacturer .05!!  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.  Complete garbage!!!
"Ten times better than the ""slip in"" ring adjusters, which fell off while wearing them (lost three).  This wrap-around adjuster design is exactly the type of ring adjuster I needed."
"worthless , save ur money , buy an inch of tubing at home depot and make a few for family and friends."
I have a couple of rings that are only slightly too large in the winter when my hands shrink.  This ring guard was perfect to place on in the winter and take off in the summer when my hands swell.  It also kept my ring from turning side ways.  I would recommend.
Really great item. I had gotten my engagement ring sized but it was still too large. Im not ready to pay again to get it sized a second time. The ring guard is awesome. I don't even notice it and i love that its clear. Works great
"Pleasantly surprised! I used this on a ring with a thick band, and quickly realized I would have to stretch the plastic piece more than intended. I used scissors to easily trim a piece to be the size I wanted. It worked well and now the ring fits much better. The guard is barely noticeable."
"""Might"" be okay for smaller rings, but did not work at all for my (man's) wedding band (6mm wide).  The ends would curl up and just not seem to 'wrap' around the ring.  Even if my ring was 5mm or maybe even 4mm, the largest size still would have been too small.  Hard to say what size the largest really would work for.

Although the description does not state sizes, I should have looked at the questions as quite a few people responded about this.
I believe the description should have clearly stated the sizes each of the 3 adjusters would accomodate."
"I am recently engaged and I kept my ring a half size too big after having the jeweler resize my ring. I did this because I wasn't sure how much my fingers would swell in the summer time. Unfortunately, my ring slid everywhere and I was afraid of losing it or damaging it. That is when I discovered RinGuard. I had a piece of yarn coming undone around the bottom of my ring but needed a durable and more permanent option. RinGuard is wonderful. I haven't had any problems. It doesn't irritate my skin and I can adjust the size as needed. I usually forget that my ring has RinGuard on it! I definitely do recommend this product. It saved me a head ache and frustration."
"I received the ringuard w/o problem, thank you for everything."
If you have smaller fingers (I wear a 4.5) then you may have to cut some of this off to make it work.  It does the job and isn't too bulky like other adjusters but it does slide around the ring and irritate my other fingers some. I'd order it again if I needed an adjuster.
"Update:  I still have the same one on my ring and it is now 3 months later.  I need to switch it out probably just because it looks dingy.  It still fits perfectly.
This has lasted me 2 weeks now.  Don't try the other versions they don't stay on the ring I did try them and they didn't work.  The curled design keeps this on and keeps ring in place and doesn't look bad."
"Very simple but handy & effective! They should be cheaper considering they are a small piece of flexible plastic But they serve the purpose, work well & honestly its a lot cheaper than getting all my rings sized!"
These are amazing.  Easy to use and remove to clean.  My daughters stole the first set so I had to reorder.  My fingers change sizes throughout the day and these work great as I don't want to have the rings resized and end up with them too small years later.  This gives me the flexibility to decide later and enjoy wearing them now.
I have a big band on my silver ring and it works perfect for it.  Not so big that it hurts and it doesn't pinch between the plastic.  I works well.  I do take my ring off to put on lotion or wash my hands as the soap/lotion gets under the plastic and doesn't like to come out.
"Works great, no longer have to worry about ring sizer falling off and losing my expensive rings, this is a lifesaver, thank you."
Works ok.
Love it.
Do not work like advertised.
"A very good idea. Not for everyday wear. The pieces have lost their ""spring"" and don't wrap as tightly around the ring as they did at first."
This product is okay.  I still have to line my rings up.
"Pretty good, can move around but hardly noticeable"
Hard to place onto the ring.
Works great. Low profile. A little hard to put on and take off.
Works perfectly (I used the smallest size) for my 8.25 sized ring - brought it down to a size 7 comfortably. It is hidden well enough that you can't really see it in photos if you angle just right. I am very happy with this product and would purchase again.
works very good
I needed something cheap to adjust a couple of rings I bought online that were a little bit big and this was it!. They are easy to apply and very comfortable. They kind of move a little bit around the ring sometimes but not that much. Now I can finally wear my new rings.
Works and keeps my ring in place.
my wife swears by these
Have been wearing the same one for 7 months as I continue to procrastinate getting my ring sized!
"Bought this for my wife and she says it works great, better than similar products she has tried before"
This worked great but the only thing is that when I cream my skin the cream sticks up in it lol so I gotta take the guard off to wipe it down.
Love this ring guard. Comfortable and works perfectly able to size down a ring easily. Plan on buying more.
I was worried about sending in my engagement ring to be resized so I decided to seek out other options first.  I am so glad I did!  I love that it comes in 3 sizes and are easily trimmable. They are so comfortable and now my ring finally stays in place instead of spinning!  Very inexpensive fix. Get these!
Can put as much of the spiral as you need to get the perfect fit
Works well. It has three different sizes. I used the small one and works perfect.
Easy to use! and can remove to clean ring if need be.
I just received this one and tried them on with my ring its hard to see in my opinion whos going to care about someones wedding/any ring's bottom part? Its comfortable im not sure with water if its going to be nasty with it. Im going to have to test out. Also I thought they were 3 different thickness but they were all the same sizes but the length. I think if my ring was bigger I wouldn't of used this it could be still big.
"Ok, not what I expected."
Works pretty good
Kind of bulky
Just what I needed to make my wedding ring fit snug!
Do not like the way it feels on my finger...just going to have to break down and get my ring sized down.
Save your money.
Stops ring from sliding around. Like that it comes with 3 different sizes.
Worked like a charm! Comfortable to wear and discreet
"My engagement ring is a 5 1/2, I have very slim fingers and in the winter they get even slimmer due to the cold. My ring was constantly flopping back and forth and it was making me crazy!! I tried a ring guard from my jeweler, cost me $25 dollars and I took it off within a week!! It kept catching on my hair and sweaters so that idea failed. Re -sizing my ring was also out of the question. This product solved my dilemma!! It came in 3 sizes which is nice. Very easy to install, I barely feel or see it. What a GREAT invention!! And you just can't beat the price!!
Thanks RinGuard!!!!!"
Buys me much more time for going to resize. I placed the large one around a size 7 ring which fit my size 5.5 finger quite snug. Now it won't fall off and I can resize later. Definitely recommend these as a quick fix. Looks nice and hard to see from a distance.
Had to trim it a bit but otherwise it never comes off and makes the ring a perfect fit. The spiral design is genuis! My fianc is extremely satisfied with this product
I actually ordered these twice. My engagement ring was a little too large but I wanted to wait until after the ceremony to have it sized because I wanted them welded together. These worked for a little over a month before needing to be replaced. I could cut them to size and managed 2 uses out of each one.
Did not hold up! Stretched out in a week or less.
not really that helpful
"This is a lifesaver!! They didn't carry a small size of an engagement ring my fiance (size 5), so I got a size larger and looked on here for something besides those ring sizers you find at local stores. It was too expensive to get the ring sized. This is perfect!! If you have small fingers, just get all smalls and so forth. I wasn't sure how it worked. Great idea!!"
"If you are looking for a great ring adjuster, look no further! I have tried a couple of them, but none of them came close to this one. The wrap around feature stays in place and you can cut it to adjust to your liking."
Does not stay put.
This really works well - MUCH better than those solid ones that I can NEVER get onto the rings. It DID take a few days to get them all aligned so the ends weren't poking into my finger.......but I just clipped off a little bit at the end and they work great!
These really didn't work out for me.  The ends tend to unwind from the ring and can be irritating between your fingers.  Cool idea but didn't work out for me
"Over all I love these ring guards.  They are much more comfortable than metal guards.  One downside is that if you need it to be more than half a size smaller you have to have an entire rings worth of guard twisted around and can sometimes see the guard by the stone.

The only other downside is that over time the guards seem to loosen up over time and when it loosens up it can of rubs on the inside of my finger.

Overall awesome ring guard and better and cheaper than getting rings resized!"
"SO SO SO much better than those ones that look like a split tube.  I barely notice I'm wearing it, I have one wrapped around both my wedding band and engagement ring, since they are too big for me after losing weight.  This is a great little invention, I'm buying more so I can wear all of my rings again!"
Works well. Does come unraveled at times. Take off before using lotion.
This works perfectly!  I am losing weight and didn't want to get my ring sized yet.
"Fit wonderful, rings stay in place. You can cut the longer one to fit 2 rings if need."
"Ready to use. No good if the ring if more than one size too big. Didn't anyways stay centered, but served its purpose."
"It works fine, but I think it was pricey for what you actually get - a small plastic tube."
My engagement ring is one size too small so for a quick fix while away from home I ordered these until I get to a jeweler I trust. Very easy to put on and they stay put. I used the medium size one. You don't notice it is even there on your finger but it does feel a little scratchy on your face and can occassionaly snag your hair. A bit over priced for what it actually is made of and how they are made but really invaluable to save you from loosing a ring. Would buy again in a pinch and would recommend for a temporary fix.
Best of all designs.  Hides easily and very easy to trim.
"I have a ring that my Grandmother got me- the size was just a little bit too big. This adjuster works perfectly to allow me to wear the ring without it slipping off. It's very discreet, easy to put on and once the size is right you just cut off the rest of the plastic. When I wear the ring I don't even realize that I've put a size adjuster on it."
"My ring fit better but, as soon as I started going about my business, the size adjustment coil started to unravel and my ring spun around so the coil was visible. I'm going to have to go to the jeweler after all."
These are so great! I have a tall halo style engagement ring that spins around. This keeps it from doing that 95% of the time. Occasionally the plastic will slide up the side of the ring.
Love it! My ring fits perfectly now.
"Absolutely the worst pieces of Junk ever ordered on Amazon. I was desperately looking for an item like this, and there are many solution along this line, but this was was the worst."
exactly what i needed
"These work very well and I am glad that it came with various sizes. It takes a little getting used to at first but after the first day or so, you don't it at all. Interestingly enough, I needed this for my engagement ring and then once I got married, adding my wedding ring to the engagement ring made everything a bit more snug (since it was like a thicker ring) and I didn't need this for my original purpose anymore. That being said, I still use these on other rings that are a smidge off in size."
"Work great, very easy to use"
I think I did it wrong
"They do get worn out within a few weeks, but it's so much more comfortable than other ring sizes I have tried!"
Works like a charm!
ok. nothing to compare it with cause i didn't receive my other items?
"The ring guards work well enough if you can get them to stay wrapped around the ring. My ring is a little larger, I melted it a bit to make it stay on better - we will see how it works I haven't worn it yet"
Work well!
This did not work on my wide band ring but would work nicely on a narrow band.
"Best ring size adjuster I have found. Goes on easily, invisible and comfortable!"
This works great on my engagement ring which was falling off my finger after I lost a lot of weight.  It doesn't work nearly as well on my class ring which has a wide band.  I would recommend this for mostly narrow rings.
I really like this design because its comfortable around your finger. They give you a bit so you can replace it whenever you want. the one downside is that after awhile it starts to change color but again easily replaceable. I highly recommend this product if your ring is too big. Easy to take off and easy to put back on.
Works great.
Not a practical solution IMO
It was what I expected. Works well.
"Works as intended, till it doesn't. It stretched out within a few weeks and now is uncomfortable to wear."
A bit bulky but makes my ring fit great and is comfortable to wear!
"It's a miracle!  I can wear my grandmother's ring again!

I have big knuckles but skinny fingers, so resizing a ring can be tricky.  The ring in question is platinum, and it's expensive to resize, so I have tried numerous temporary solutions, none of which worked well.

This little size adjuster went on easily, and I was able to get the ring over my fat knuckle, and the silicone adjuster holds the ring in place perfectly for me!  I love it!"
"Wife really likes them.  Very adjustable, and easy to use.  Again - wife loves them - what more do I have to say??"
This thing is a real piece. Save your money. Didn't last me a day.
"The spiraled tube style works better than the ""hot dog bun"" style with a single slit. I've used the tube style; two out of three that came in the package rubbed off while I was wearing them and were lost. The third one isn't lost yet but has had several close calls. The spirals so far don't seem prone to rubbing off, they are comfortable, and they do the job of adjusting fit."
I gave it a week but could feel the plastic and it started giving me a callous!
These worked terribly. The tail that hangs off the end caught on things and kept unwinding. Used for about an hour then got over it. Total waste of money. Nice idea.... But no.
I love this ring size adjuster! I've been using it for my engagement ring for the last few weeks since my finger has shrunk for the cold winter we are having. It's easy to put onto the ring and I can't even feel that I'm wearing it. Great price too!
It moves around on the ring instead of staying in one place so the ring still spins around some.
"this unravels when you wash your hands, not something I would recommend."
they will slowly unwind off the ring
"This product is above average in satisfying it's purpose. It does still slide around on the ring a little bit, but if you're not able to resize because of knuckles or unwilling to leave an expensive piece at the jewelers for a couple of weeks for resizing, this is a decent alternative to the metal size adjusters."
so reliable and useful
Now I won't lose my rings.
These did not work for my husband's ring.. But arrived fast!!
These are really nice and I like the fact that you can cut them. It's nice to have my ring tighter without having to size it. I think it's something to get used to and right away feels funny and that's why I gave it 4 stars. Overall good product and good price!
Don't work so well for me.
"Product works great! I had a ring re sized that wan'st quite snug enough. These are perfect, I cannot even feel that it's there."
Easy to put on my ring. Clear in color. Trying out the different coil sizes to see which fits better and once I get used to the feel of it and its not quite so new itll be very comfortable Im sure.
"I bought these Ring Size Adjuster so that I could wear some rings that are just a little bit too big for my fingers. The good things about them are:  they're inexpensive, easy to put on a ring, and comfortable.  The things I don't like about them is that they shift just enough to be bothersome, and I tend to wash my hands a lot and apply hand cream and that means taking rings on and off a lot or keeping my rings on and getting soap and hand cream in-between the plastic spirals which causes them to shift even more.
Bottom line is ... they do work, but it is a temporary fix and probably not going to last long with a ring that is worn often."
"I bought this to keep my wedding ring from twisting around.  It didn't work.  My wedding ring still twisted around with the size adjuster ending up at the top of my hand, despite making my wedding ring very tight on my finger.  I won't be using these.  Very disappointed."
Works great but soooooo easy to lose.
My sons's class ring was too big.  He tried the RinGuard and it worked just fine. We used the biggest adjuster.  It was a little hard getting it wrapped around the thick band but once on it was secure and his ring fit.  He has had no problem with it coming off.
"Yes! This kind works! Comfortable, nearly invisible. Easy to put on. Use as much of the spiral as needed for perfect fit!"
"This. Is. The. BEST!!!  I cannot get over this product.  My engagement ring is big, and cannot be resized due to the diamonds on the band.  I purchased this and it arrived the next day.  It goes on SO EASILY!!  And, it shapes so perfectly to the ring that my friends thought I had it put on at a jeweler.  The fact that they send three sizes is remarkable.  I would recommend this to anyone!"
"There are times as a Amazon customer when you get so much less than you expect, and this is one of those times. What I got was an envelope in the mail with three pieces of plastic in it. I tried them on my rings and it was not a help. I can't really recommend this product."
Used this product for a couple of weeks. It kept pinching my finger and spinning around on the ring.
"Whoever created this ring size adjuster is so smart and creative. I just received mine today in the mail (thanks to 2 day PRIME shipping) :)

It comes in 3 sizes but of course I only needed one (the smallest) for my size 4 ring. My engagement ring is a size 4 but for some reason it is big in the winter time due to the cold so my finger shrinks! I would hate to get my ring resized because in the summertime my fingers expand so it would be perfect to wear.

This ring size adjuster is easy to put on; the instructions are simple and self explanatory. Not to mentioned the material is soft and will not scratch your ring. It is like a soft rubber. Also, once put on it is hardly noticeable of course if you look at it closely then you will know its there.

Highly recommend buying this if your ring is too big. The last thing you want is to have your ring sliding everywhere or losing it."
Did not hold my ring from turning.  Waste of money!
Doesn't stay on the ring very well. always wants to unwrap
Works great! My loose ring is wearable now and the ring guard is not visible from the top. Good purchase.
"Ok so i lost weight between trying on my ring and getting engaged, so the ring is about 1 size loose. I thought that I would mind that this product makes the ring look funny. In fact I love it! It prevents the bottom of the ring from getting scratched when holding railings etc! It is also much thinner than I expected! Since I use the smallest one, I plan on cutting down the other 2 and will end up with 3 back ups for when this one gets cloudy or ratty looking. I'm surprisingly pleased with this! I love not having to worry I'll scratch the ring when I'm grabbing something."
"I bought this because, like many women, my ring turns from the weight of the stones. I cannot get it sized smaller because then it would not fit over my knuckle. This did not solve my problem. Though the plastic is soft and easy to put on, it made it very difficult to get the ring on and off over my knuckle and did not make it snug enough to keep it from turning."
"I ordered this item for a ring that was slightly too big and was moving around on my finger and it is great! The package came with 3 sizes to choose from, and the smallest was perfect. It allows my ring to stay in place, and it is not noticeable from the top of my hand at all! My ring fits great without the cost and waiting time of getting it re-sized!"
Not even worth returning for $7 and change. But these do not work to hold more than 1 ring together without squeezing your finger to death. Not one size I received helped.
"New review: I've ordered again. I really like this kind of sizer. It does the trick and works well. Very comfortable. I've tried another kind that slipped in and basically wedges the ring in place. It became uncomfortable after a while. I don't mind that I still have a slight spin with the way I have it set in my ring. It's reduced the constant spin that I had before.  Wore well while bathing and it's virtually invisible. No edges or corners to catch on things. Repeat purchase says a lot.

I'm not unhappy with these. Three different sizes,  so inchise the one that was about the width of my ring. I didn't need to trim it, and only took a few moments to put it on. I certainly don't expect this to be a long term solution, but its keeping my heavy ring from spinning out of control. For the price I may order a few more to keep on hand in case these fail. Clear material so its hardly noticeable. A much better solution than the moleskin I had been using, which didn't last through a hand washing. I was hoping I could apply one to a set to bind the rings and keep them together but doesn't seem possible and I can live with that. Came snail mail so delivery took a bit, but again it wouldn't stop me from ordering another set or two. Much better than the noodle or snuggie variety.  **Edited to add:  after looking at some of the photos by other owners, I added the smallest one to the smaller ring in my set. No spin!  They're staying in synch!  Definitely ordering more!!**"
Has been a lifesaver for me as I don't want to have my rings resized yet.
Complete garbage! Does not work! 8 Dollars for 3 small coils that are probably worth ten cents.
Love these ...they fit snug around the ring and they wrap around the ring so I don't have to worry about my ring falling off and I don't even know they are on the ring
"Works, BUT the problem is, once it's cut and you put it around the ring base, it tends to uncoil itself as you move your finger around, and you can feel the edges poking you. It also slides out from under my finger, and around to the side. For costume jewelry, this would work fine, for higher end jewelry consult your jeweler for more permanent solutions."
"Extremely comfortable, very clever solution. I have very different band thickness on different rings and these fit wonderfully on all of them. I can't even feel them (unlike other solutions I've tried)."
"Works great. Discolored some, but I don't take off my rings."
"I needed to make my mother's ring a size smaller and didn't want to send it out to be resized since it means so much to me. However, I should have because these were just a waste of money and I'm STILL going to have to send it out and pay more money. I needed to size my ring down from a 7 to a 6 and these claimed to do that. They don't. The ring is still too big to wear and the sizers don't lay flat against the ring band so they stick out and feel awkward."
Nice to have 3 size choices.  Am using all three sizes on 3 different rings.  Helps my rings from flipping around.
"Just ghastly! Next to impossible to get them on and then when they are finally in place, I look a bit later and see one end dangling off. Later, I look and the entire spiral is not to be found. I have large knuckles from arthritis and small fingers past the knuckle so none of my rings fit and I have tried every thing out there all to no avail. I must say, I appreciate the fact that these people and others have obviously tried to make a product that works but none do as far as I can tell."
"Worked exactly as expected.  Came with three sizes, easy to put on, looks nice, feels good and no one else can see it."
"I thought this would be perfect for my ever-changing-size fingers (they swell and go back to normal randomly).  It's cumbersome to take off from day to day, and it isn't comfortable to wear if it's slightly too tight. I tried using these for about a month before giving up and putting my wedding ring on a shelf."
"Ordered 2 different ones just in case, they both are about the same concept & work great.
I want to know if they can be ordered in only one size SMALL to have on hand for replacements??"
"Yey! This product is fantastic! After losing weight my engagement ring no longer fit, with this ring gaurd, it does again. Couldn't be happier with the design, it doesn't hold moisture and it's comfortable to wear"
"I'm pretty satisfied with my result!
Bought this hoping to size down a ring that was 2 sizes too large (size 7 to a size 5), but unfortunately after testing out all 3 adjusters they only seemed to make the ring one size smaller.

All-in-all, the product is very simple to apply, comfortable to wear and almost invisible."
"I like using it for my engagement ring. I use the smallest size one. It is easy to get on and off the ring. It does get dirtier than my ring would without it on, but with the alternative being loose my ring, I'll take a little dirt. Good buy."
"wish I had found this years ago!  Best little product you can find to fix that ring problem.  I have a ring which i never wore because the stone would just twirl on my finger, but  this helps so that the ring does not twist or turn.  don't even notice you are wearing it, invisible to the eye unless you know it is there.  adjusted my ring 1/2 ring size - perfect fit now"
"I have only worn it for 24 hours so far but it is comfortable, easy to put on, and not nearly as noticeable or ugly as other products I have seen. Nice temporary fix for a ring that is too big but you don't want to get permanently resized."
"I was skeptical it would not work. However, I am pleased, my engagement ring is a size too big and I anticipate getting fat (yes, I really am) and want to keep it large. This ring guard works, had it for a month now. The only problem is lotion gets in the ridges but can wash out with time, then gets back in when you want to moisturize your hands. Im trying not to take my ring off so often since I happened to almost lose it, so I deal with the lotion in the grooves.  I still prefer this than the clunky ring band"
"These have to be the most comfortable ring size adjuster I have ever worn and as an added bonus they're practically invisible. Right now I'm using the smallest one to keep my rings lined up evenly (they spin a little and it drives me crazy). It's working perfectly and I can't even feel that it's on. I feel safer too knowing that I have the adjuster on because my rings were a little bit loose (about 1/4 size). While it does show up really well in pictures, from arms length all you can see is that it's extra shiny where the adjuster is. I will definitely be buying more for my other rings.
Update: After having these for a little over a week, I washed my hands with the ring adjusters on while I was out, and they became very loose and uncomfortable. I shouldn't have to take my rings off to wash my hands; that would defeat the purpose of having rings that stay on. They don't prevent my rings from spinning anymore either. I didn't cut one of them and it still became loose. The do make them the slightest bit tighter, but I will definitely have to buy different ring adjusters."
You get a few different sizes to use. You can cut them to the length of your liking. They tended to migrate to the top of the ring and we're not very comfortable to wear. I stopped using them quickly.
Easy to use. I lost some weight and my rings don't fit.  A cheap temporary fix until you can get re sized. Saved me from loosing my engagement ring. A must have in any home just in case you need it.
I lost weight and my wedding rings were loose. I thought I'd try this first instead of getting my rings resized. This worked perfectly. With it being clear its not really noticeable that you have it on your ring.
Can finally wear some rings that I haven't worn in years! they are soft and not bothersome
Will not work with wide men's rings.  They should state this in large letters on their ad.
Not practical at all
It's very uncomfortable and not really what I was looking for. I was only able to use the smallest one and it's already loosing elasticity so I'm sure it won't work for long. It's so visible that it takes away from the beauty of my engagement ring
works fine but loosens with washing dishes after 1 or 2 times and has to be replaced
Fantastic!  Easy to use and great solution for me while I diet!  My ring is nice and secure!!!
This is the best ring size adjuster. It beats them all.
Had an issue finding something that would prevent my ring from turning and wasn't too bulky and uncomfortable and this was the perfect solution! You can cut it to size and wrap it around your rings. LOVE LOVE LOVE this product. So happy I found it. I wouldn't recommend this for thicker banded rings because it might be hard to wrap around.
"I order this adjuster but didn't work for my ring.  It works well on thin rings, not on rings that are wide band. It also get loose easily."
Bought for my elderly dad to keep his wedding ring on as his fingers have shrunk some. They work great and are very comfortable. He has not had it slip off once and says he doesn't even feel the difference with them on. Easy fix very pleased.
Hard to keep on ring.  Would not buy this kind again
"Purchased these for my fiance for her engagement ring a while ago, it saved us from having to have her ring resized, eventually we will get it resized, but when saving for a wedding the cheapest option is better."
"Easy to apply, comfortable, works great!"
Works really well for my thick wedding band & much more comfy than the hard plastic ones
"RinGuard Ring Size Adjuster (Set of 3 Sizes).  I bought this for a ring  and it works great. The three sizes are good to have.  Easy to get onto ring.  The only thing I would recommend is that you wear gloves if doing anything, why? Well, if I wash my hands or do dishes etc, the junk gets in between the plastic adjuster.  You can also take off your ring and I would recommend this to women.  I do love it, yes it works.   2015"
"This ring size adjuster is extremely comfortable. However, the ends on each side tend to unravel. I love the material it's made from, just wish it didn't unravel."
Just plastic and doesn't last a day.
"Didn't work for us, but it does appear to be a good product."
"These work on my husbands rings. I got him tungsten rings in the size he insisted on, and they are a bit too big and can not be re-sized. So these are perfect. His rings are thicker than the one pictured here, so the guards are a bit harder to get to stay in place but I expected that. As he's been wearing it, the plastic is molding to the ring better. He says it feels fine, that he doesn't notice the guard on there. My only suggestion would be guards made for men's rings; these are really better sized for women's."
Super easy to apply and virtually invisible. Great buy. Worked out really well for me!
"I could easily get this spiral on my rings while still on my finger. These sizers keep my rings from turning, and function just as they should. I think that turning them on is an innovative way to install. Nice product."
Cheap and works! Great for wearing my ring while tubing the river.
"Works great! Exactly what you would think. This is a good solution for you if your fingers shrink a lot in the winter, or if you are saving up money to get your ring resized. Gets dirty easily but that is to be expected."
"The items arrived in good condition.  However, I was hoping that some of the guards would work on wide bands, but I wasn't able to make any of them work."
They do the trick but unless the shank is exceptionally thin the ends start to unravel so be prepared to constantly have to rewind it.
Worked perfectly! Happy with the purchase.
"It's very easy to use,Luke it, thank you"
"They work fine. They fall apart after a little while and they can be a bit sharp and uncomfortable, you just have to make sure you cut it correctly. The worst thing about these things is that lotion, soap, etc gets caught in them and it's a pain to have to try to unwind them all the time to get it out, and it takes too long to unwind them. Luckily mine never fell off though, until it started falling apart."
"After reading reviews on all the ring guards, I decided to order these. I'm so glad I did! The package comes with 3 different lengths, and they are easy to trim if needed. Easy to put on and take off and they stay put. I can't imagine another product working any better."
Didn't really help the sizing on the ring.
these fall off.  too bad
They do the job.
It was a waste purchasing this. It doesn't stay on. I threw them away. It's worth buying a real ring guard.
"I accomplish it's purpose, but it itches  before some time of using it."
"Just what I was looking for, product works great."
"I have really big muscles but skinny fingers so I constantly was having issues with my ring spinning around. Or sometimes it would just set  in a weird position and just stab the ring into my pinky fingers. To the point or my pinky was sore to the touch with no ring on. That's when I went hunting for a solution. When I found these I thought they might work pretty well. I like the fact that there's three different sizes  to choose from depending on your space  needs . I had to trim it down so my ring could slip on my finger. Works pretty well. Pleased with purchase. I know it's bad, but I used to never take my ring off when using lotion. It Never was a problem before. But because of this design is has a tendency to get lotion under the little plastic piece so just be aware of that. Now I have to take my ring off when I use lotion. But its not a biggie"
"I bought this for my wife.  Her fingers are thick at the knuckles, but not above or below them so her rings would end up spinning a lot.  This ring size adjuster was perfect for being easy to put on, subtle in appearance, and her rings don't spin anymore!  Definitely a win in my book!"
Excellent service and product
"These came quick and were exactly what I was looking for! Easy to put on and take off. I bought them because while my ring is the correct size, it is very top heavy and slides around my finger especially when I'm cold and this ring size adjuster has solved that problem for me!"
"Simple but effective. Saves a lot of money by not having to get your ring resized.

Shipped quickly - came in a regular letter envelope."
Not a great purchase. They tend to fall off.
"So easy to use. Great for protecting the bottoms of sterling silver rings or higher carat gold (soft). Only complaint is that the ends someone unwind...but could be how i cut and thickness of band. They do work with thicker bands, which I REALLY LIKE"
Kept unrolling and very uncomfortable
"This is awesome. I lost my engagement ring because my fingers change size a lot. Now wearing my mothers ring and this holds it in place perfectly. I wish I would've known about these sooner.

Easy to put on and comfortable to wear."
Works well and feels comfortable on--I can't even really feel it.  It is easy to put on and adjust and if it is too short or long for the ring you can alway snip it to a different length with a scissor.  I would recommend it for sure!  I can finally wear rings again!!!
"I was disappointed with the merchandise, these look and feel so much cheaper than what I paid, the delivery time was slow, but I do understand that right now there is so many deliveries, that takes time for any package."
I will change my review because I finally received it and it works great.  Cheap easy fix.
"This is the perfect ring guard.  I have several sterling silver rings, that I love, but can't be sized.  These are the first ring guards that have ever worked with them.  I have tried the metal ones, with no luck, and the other plastic ones (noodle looking kind)--they would come off, not fit at all, or were unconfortible.  This ring guard was great.  Three different sizes/lengths came with my order, and each one fit a different ring.  Yay!  Now I can wear my rings in the winter, when normally they would be too big!!"
"This does work great, however, you need to get used to the guard being a bit abrasive."
"Horrible, not worth the price if it was free."
"These work very well. I have swollen knuckles and I can't have my ring reduced or else I won't be able to get it on, so sizing it while it on my finger is what I have to do and this works very well. I highly recommend this product."
"It works temporarily, but I will  eventually would size ring if you are definite as to which finger you want to wear it on. This gives you capability to try different fingers before going through the aggravation of sizing and then changing your mind. Also, be careful when running your fingers through your hair, as it can snag"
Great product great price!!!
It aches !!
It arrived 4 days sooner than originally scheduled! My ring spins quite a bit in the winter. This is perfect! It is comfortable and SUPER easy to apply! Great quality too!
"I like how easy these are to add to my rings.  It's nice that they can be cut to fit. Have had a bit of trouble with unraveling, but I didn't expect miracles anyway."
super
"I love these. They are perfect. I bought the other ring guards on Amazon and they were too bulky. So I found these one day and once they arrived, I was so impressed that I purchased more. They are comfortable and easy to put onto the ring."
"I have very skinny fingers and big knuckles, so in cold weather, I have a hard time getting my ring to fit.  These worked really well- were pretty comfortable, and aren't easily noticeable.  The only downside is that due to their small size and being clear, they are very easy to lose, but the price is right at only $6."
"I'm not sure what I'm not getting that other reviewers did. I think these are pretty much garbage.

1. I can't believe what they cost for what you get.
2. Of the 3 sizes, only one is really right for a normal woman's ring so I would have to buy multiple sets just to cover a few rings.
3. They don't sit on the ring anything like it looks in the picture. There are gaps between the coils and so they rub against my fingers on either side. Very irritating.
4. As time has gone on, the ring guard gets looser and looser. I'm regularly having to slide them back into place.

I'm already shopping for something better because this is not working."
"its a really cheap piece of plastic, shouldnt be so expensive"
"Not only is this a terrific product, but the company is OUTSTANDING for their customer service! Completely responsive, helpful, and generous. I would certainly buy from them again.

That said, since Amazon says I need to focus my review on the product and not the service (boo on you Amazon), I have opened the package to try the item before I send it on as a gift as it was originally intended.

The item is a set of 3 tiny pieces of clear, flexible, and somewhat stretchy plastic, each coiled like a mini landline phone cord. There are different sized pieces of thickness and length to fit whatever size ring you have. It would work best I think on rings that are thinner palm-side than thick ones, but your mileage may vary.

Attaching the RinGuard Size Adjuster was simple and quick. I started at one side of the ring, wrapping it around the start of the coil and then flipped the plastic thru the ring and around again. The end can be snipped easily with a scissor, but do it one section at a time so you can measure the feel of it progressively.

It's a fabulous invention and product!  Sure beats wrapping a piece of tape around your ring to make it fit as in the old days! The RinGuard is practically invisible, very comfortable, easy to attach and remove, and perfect for those heavy stone rings that flop around on the finger. This will hold the ring steady on your finger, the better to show off your jewels! :)

For user experience, they can't be beat though. After sending the item to my mother in NC twice who wrote me that she still didn't receive it, I asked the company to please send it to me. They sent it right out and I received it in 2 days. The item comes in a plain white business envelope with their company return address and no mention of Amazon so it could be easy to miss..

I was very pleased to choose this item over other ring reducers as it is comfortable, easy to use, very affordable, and does a great job reducing a ring size without the cost and hassle of dealing with a jewelry store to cut down a ring.  I highly recommend this product and the company itself. I would certainly buy from them again."
EASY TO USE
"After spending money on a variety of products, stumbled on to this one and for the price, I decided to take a chance.  Am I glad I did! this has answered my prayer and I can wear my ring.  As described, and if you use the correct size, it goes un-noticeable much of the time.  Excellent product, and free shipping! for more than one!"
Works very well to snug up a ring.
These are crap... they fall off the rings
This item has proven itself to myself and my family. We have all gone through a spell of losing weight and that equals fingers reducing in size. We are all still able to wear most all of our rings without a problem.
Lost shape after a few weeks---stretched out of shape
"I've tried a number of different ring adjusters: DipSize (took a long time to get enough layers on the ring...then, it peeled off in a couple days, and the jar dried up in a couple of months, despite keeping it in the ziplock bag), those metal sizers (difficult to adjust, can be uncomfortable, and you can scratch the ring if you aren't careful), and those plastic tubes with one slice through them (can be uncomfortable, catch on things, and turn sideways).  So far, this one's the winner.  Still not perfect: it can slide around...but it's easy to adjust (with scissors) and apply; it does the job well and is less likely to fall off or catch on things.

Just remember, if you apply lotions or creams, to first remove the ring or turn it so the adjuster is on the outside of your hand, or you'll get cream stuck under the coils of the adjuster."
"I had purchased another brand that was more expensive, and returned it the next day because it didn't work as promised, so I was skeptical about this one.  That being said, this ring adjuster works well .  I used it on a ring with a thin band, and it worked a little better than on a thick band, but it holds the ring in place and doesn't allow rolling.  Overall, I think this is going to work for me."
"I was hoping for more.... but these work well enough, only occasionally they try to unwind and then pinch my finger.  All in all, I am happy with them."
"Very Comfortable, and if you tend to ""fiddle"" or ""play"" with your ring when it's on your finger, this is perfect for you, as it allows you to spin the rubber part on the bottom instead of the more noticeable spinning of the ring. Aside from the shipping (which took 2 months to get to California) I highly recommend this product"
I've used the stiff ring sizers in the past and they weren't the most comfortable. This is very low profile and because it conforms to the shape of the ring is very comfortable for long term wear.
Not great
Solved my spinning ring problem.
"Not comfortable, slipped upwards on ring"
It is painful to wear.  The ridges and edges rub against your fingers.  Don't waste your money.
"Of all the possibilities, this is easy, adjustable, removeable, almost invisible . . .  If you don't want to get your ring professionally resized, this will do nicely."
So easy to use and has the right amount of fit to it!
Works well
"Very good product, easy to apply."
Waste of money.  Difficult to put on and use.  Keeps coming off and support not helpful.
"its not worth the price I paid and in about a week you have to replace them. its not even worth one star but had to pick to complain, very dissatisfied.
john bellmer"
This product gave me a rash for over a month. Gave it 2 stars because it seemed to hold my ring in place.
Didn't fit my husband's ring very well and it bothered him more than having a ring that's too big! He threw it away in 2 days.
"Product turns brown and looks nasty if you were the ring everyday , Like I do."
"My husband and I used this on his ring, which is a size 10 and a thick tungsten ring. We used the jumbo size, and it worked somewhat, but we had to super glue the plastic together on the ends after we wrapped it around the ring because it wouldn't stay put. Once we glued it, it did the trick and helped make his ring fit much better. But this product is definitely more fit for small women's rings."
"Did not fit my rings, my rings are very wide, but seller was excellent and return process was more than easy. Thanks a lot!"
Disappointed.  My husband's ring is too big to fit these.
Best purchase ever. I would recommend to anyone to get this instead of buying a ring that fits real snug.
Does not work on rings with thick band
"Once I cut it down to a comfortable size, it is perfect! It does it's job and it's barely noticeable! I highly recommend"
"It takes a little while to get used to and can kind of me a bit more uncomfortable than just the band. But, if the movement or your ring is bothersome enough like it was for me then it will be worth it!"
This product worked perfectly! I now have no worries regarding loss of my beautiful ring.
Did the job just fine!
Works great!
"Love, Love, Love it.  Easy to put on.  Unnoticeable.  Stopped my ring from sliding around."
"This is the perfect product! My ring was so uncomfortable, and this fixed all of the side to side motion and it feeling like it was falling off my finger. I wasn't able to get use to wearing my ring until I put one of these on my ring, and viola! The only problem I encountered is that after 3 months it did break (I mean it is a piece of rubber type stuff which I wore everyday, I can't really expect more). My only problem with the product is that I wish they made it so you could order only a certain size (the medium and large will not fit my ring even if I cut them down so it is just a waste)"
Good for short term use.
"Not recommended, get the silver ones and have your jeweler put on if you have a problem"
Really useful but some of my rings are very thin so it's not as effective
Didn't like at all ..
"For the price this product is fine. I wanted it to help size both my college class ring and my husband's college class ring and wedding band because we have both lost weight. He has not tried the product on his rings but I don't think it will work well as it does not work great for my college class ring. I think the problem is that it is that the band is thick, so the spiraling plastic has a harder time wrapping around. It also wants to come unwrapped when I put it on. I don't mind that this didn't work well since it was so cheap but I will probably look for another option."
At first it worked great but after a bit it got a yellowish tint to it and the spiral loosened.
I'm very happy with this product.
Simple and effective solution to getting a better fit to a ring that is not loose enough for traditional re-sizing.
"My wedding band is very slightly the wrong size: it won't fly off my finger or anything but it does move around quite a bit. I can't afford to get it adjusted at this moment so I bought this product to see if it would help and it totally does. You feel weird the first day or so with this extra thing on your finger. The plastic scrapes (gently) your other fingers very slightly so its a little off-putting, but you get used to it pretty quickly and it works great. :)"
"These are not very comfortable, but they serve their purpose."
waste of money
"Good product, The ring adjuster works well and helps to keep my wedding ring into place. It's not perfect though. At least for me, it doesn't really prevent the ring from moving around."
Works great! Wrote the seller when I placed a second order and wanted only the small ring size and they made it happen. Great seller and product!
Did not receive product.  Emailed seller who sent another free of charge.  Received it promptly and it is working very well.  I have tried other ring sizers that didn't really work so I am very pleased with this economical fix.  Problem of ring sliding around my finger is solved.
"I was suprised that it works so well. They have
 kept me from losing several of my rings after losing weight.  So far I'm pleased with them and will order more for several other rings that are now too big."
"This is easy to put on the ring, but the ends come out due to this style - however,it makes it easier to cut down if needed."
Not large enough 4 my sons class ring since he lost a lot of weight. More 4 a ladies ring.
I have purchased other ring sizers from stores before and they did not work.  I am in the process of loosing some weight and not at my stopping place yet so these are a great alternative to the jeweler at this point.  They fit on bank very well and there are 3 different sizes in package.  Going to order more.  Gave one to a friend and she loved it.
oh they work great. for about a day.
"This does exactly what it is supposed to do. Fills in that extra space on my finger during cold months and keeps my engagement ring secure so I don't lose it.

Shipped faster than predicted, too.

Highly recommend this product!"
I have ordered these several times . To me they are the best ring sizers that I have ever tried . The small one fits perfect wrapped around me engagement ring and wedding band .
"This does the job if your ring band is thin. If the band is thick, the plastic has trouble wrapping around the band completely and unwraps itself after a while. It's not terribly comfortable or aesthetically pleasing either.
Would recommend for thinner bands only."
"So far, I'm loving this. It made my ring at least 1 size smaller. You can't see if unless you turn your hand over. The coil also stays in place, unlike some other ring guards that tend to shift."
"Keeps the rings on my fingers so that's good.  But, it feels funny and takes getting accustomed to it."
"I  loved this at first because it made my ring fit perfectly.  Then three days later,  it Rusted my expensive ring!!!!!!!!!!  Not happy"
"It works, but it's not the most comfortable and has a tendency to unwind. As for ring spacers, it's the best that I've found other than just using clear silicone gel on the inside of a ring (which has it's own drawbacks). If you need a quick, temporary fix, it's a decent solution, but definitely not a long term one."
This was given to my future daughter-in-law to use until she can have her engagement ring resized.  She has told me that it is working out fine as a temporary solution.
So far so good. Comfortable and works well but I've only had it on my ring a few days. Appears to be holding up well thus far.
"Love this product. When I first used it, I didn't think it was going to last. Have been wearing the same adjuster for many months now and it just gets better with age. Can't even tell I have the guard on."
I love it! Its so easy to put on the ring. I actually put it on 2 rings together for a bridal set.
"After I ordered this product out of a house, my back account was hacked into using my visa card.  All happened out of CO.
Don't buy this product, your asking for it."
Makes ring size almost a full size smaller- somewhat bulkey but will work if you really need to make ring fit with a full size difference
These are perfect.  Since they can be cut and are in a spiral shape they have a very low profile and can be adjusted to fit you finger.
"So glad I purchased these. My wedding band has diamonds on the top side and was constantly turned. I made me really regret not buying an eternity band when I got married, but it was just not affordable. This size adjuster makes my wedding bands fit better so it's not constantly turning and the diamonds are always face up. Easy to put on and take off."
These are the best ring guards I've tried yet.  Wish there were some for wide bands.  No worries about them falling off!
"Easy to use solution for those who have lost weight but aren't yet ready to resize their rings. Remember to take your ring off before showering or applying lotion, or expect to take off the insert for cleaning."
Exactly as described! Very happy with purchase!
"These work, although they have a tendency to unwind themselves in certain situations. Also, they add an unwieldy and inflexible lump to the ring."
They served the purpose.
This product is PERFECT for people with thin-band rings! I was cursed with huge knuckles and small fingers and my wedding ring was constantly moving around. I finally went on Amazon and bought some different kinds of ring adjusters (like ring magic) and RinGuard definitely worked the best. The seller is also really considerate and quick to respond to messages if the RinGuard does not come in time. Try it out! You won't regret it!
"I made a few adjustments by cutting edges (per the directions).  The adjuster was still visible from the side. It was slightly uncomfortable, however after an hour or so, I got used to the adjuster. After a week of wearing it, I decided I did not like the feel of the adjuster on my ring finger."
I have ring guards that are one thick tube of the same material. This brilliant design allows for a perfect fit for any ring that needs adjusting.
I love these. My ring doesn't twist around as much and is much more secure on my finger.
Works but had to cut down because my ring wasn't that big
"The RinGuard works for me.  I do have a problem, though. The stone on my ring isn't flopping down to my palm constantly, so that's the plus.  However (and I don't have exceptionally big knuckles, or anything), I had to use the full length of one of the Ringuards and it's too hard to get the ring off! I can't fit it back over my knuckle with the RinGuard on and must uncoil and remove (which is a bit of a challenge), before I can get the ring off.  I will keep using it however.  Before RinGuard I just didn't wear the ring. At least now I can get some use out of it, even if removal is a challenge."
Works really well and you can't feel it when you have it on. I have a European shank and I had to cut the ring guard pretty short but still works fine and easy to take on and off when you have the ring on.
"Works great to make a new ring fit properly.  It was purchased online and we don't live near any of the actual brick and mortar stores.  A local jewelry store refused to resize the ring due to the amount of diamonds so I found this option.  It was easy to install on the ring and keeps the ring from slipping.  It does still turn quite a bit but it gets the job done.  One thing to keep in mind is that when this item shipped, it ships in a regular envelope.  I almost tossed it out with the junk mail.  So keep your eyes out for a basic envelope if you're placing an order."
Works great!
unwinds off the ring
"I like these a lot!  They have many sizes and they come so long that you are able to cut it off and make a new one with the same size, should you need it!  They fit nicely around your finger because of the way that they coil.  They are definitely for temporary use, mine is getting loose and I need to cut a new one after about a month (which I think is a pretty long time!) I would recommend these!"
They work pretty decent for plastic ring guards.  I'm happy!
Works better than any of the other sizers. Probably wouldn't use it permanently and just pay to have the ring sized but good in the interim.
"I expected the plastic to be a little thicker and better quality, but it is very thin and flimsy. I bought this to replace the regular plastic ring guards (plastic tubes) but I find the tubes to be more effective than the spiral in this design."
"This came in three sizes but did not say it won't expand to a man size rings.  The ends curl out and undo on a larger width ring.  Don't wast your money, try something use.  Im sending it back because the three plastic twisters 75% overpriced for 2 one inch plastics."
Don't even think about using on a Mens ring.  Even the largest will not stay coiled around an average width mens ring.
Tends to come off.
I love this ring adjuster! I had the tube shaped ones and after those fell off the ring I decided to search for a better one. This one is spiral shaped and curls around the ring keeping it secure. It is super easy to put on and if its too tight you just cut off a coil until it fits just right. Should I need a replacement one in the future this is definitely my choice!
"I am in love with this! First of all you get three sizes to use, so that is wonderful. Secondly, it is pretty easy to figure out how to put on. On my ring I did have to stretch it a little because it's a class ring so it has a pretty wide band. I've been wearing it for weeks now and it has actually conformed to how I stretched it. Third, it is so comfortable. I forget I am wearing it (except that now I have it my ring doesn't fly off my hand). It is also so easy to clean. I just put mine in a capful of hydrogen peroxide and let it set then wipe it down. I do that about every week or so. This doesn't leave any weird indentation on my finger or anything like I have seen other ring size adjusters do. So if you need one I would definitely suggest this one."
do not stay on the ring band
"This really does work well, and is a brilliant IDEA, not product.  The product itself is nothing more than spiral wrap (for wires) which you can buy in rolls of varying sizes and colors.  The seller merely snips off a few small pieces, and puts their label on it.  It costs only pennies.  I never heard of spiral wrap or even knew it existed, until my fianc&eacute;, who is a mechanic, saw this on my ring and immediately identified it as such.  It was worth what I paid for that information alone.  However, when I need more, I'll be purchasing a roll of spiral wrap instead, which will last me a lifetime."
I have tried several dozers and this worked the best so far
"I had high hopes for these ring size adjusters, but after wearing them for over a week, I am finding that they repeatedly unravel while wearing them. In just a week's time they have also stretched out as well."
Junk!!!!
Worked perfect for a great price!!
This design is much better than other split tube kind. Item was received on time.
Such a simple idea for those rings that are just a tad too loose once you get them over your knuckles. Works well.
The spiral cut works wonderfully!  It allows you to adjust it to just the right size.
"This is WAY better than the ""Ring Snuggies"". They are much, much more comfortable and less obvious. Gonna order more now for spare. For those that said it was hard to put on. Hahaha really?!? It's a coil... you just spin it on. My ring is really thin and it works perfectly."
works good on my band
doesn't fit the rings i purchased these for.
"I bought this since losing weight and my wedding/engagement ring was getting big and I didn't want to permanently get it sized.  It works, however, it does feel a little weird and takes some getting used to and it shifts around the band.  It doesn't stay where it's supposed to so I find myself repositioning it often, but that's better than losing a ring!  So yes, it works, comes in 3 sizes."
"This ring guard doesn't work with wide band. It works with the tiny band :(, for now."
waste of money. not worth a dollar . hard to get on ring.
"Got these cause I'm losing weight and my fingers are shrinking. I tried the ones from Walmart and they didn't work, these are great so comfy you can't even tell their there except now my ring doesn't fall off!"
"It's perfect, comfy, and fits just the way I needed it to."
Excellent product. Second set I've ordered!
This works great so easy to use and is very comfortable and you can't even see the clear piece while wearing it was supper happy with this for helping me fit my rings better!!!
I love this ring size adjuster.  It stays on and isn't visible.  It's very comfortable.  I will buy these again!
"I found them difficult to install well and uncomfortable to wear. They did not lay flat where they were trimmed, I tried multiple times. I took them off the ring within a few hours and then threw them away."
Didn't work out for my ring . Kept coming apart.
Much cheaper than getting a ring sized and they work!
"Highly recommend these comfy ring size adjusters. These feel like next to nothing and unnoticeable against the underside of the finger where as other brands are bulky and bothersome. It's just what I needed to make several of the rings I own interchangeable to fit my other fingers with ease. Simple, simple to use. Pleased with this crazy great design!"
"Works well to help ring fit, a little hard to get used to at first."
don't waist your money.
"I like the ring size adjuster because it serves its purpose. The only problem I have with it is it takes some getting used to. It's not smooth and seems to catch on everything. I measured and cut as directed and it seems I'm always playing with it the get it wound back around my ring. As long as I can leave it alone when it's bothering me, it's okay."
"I was promised I would receive this item 9/18-9/20, I received on 9/17! It came in a plain envelope and I *almost* tossed it out for junk mail, so keep your eyes open! My actual finger size is a 3.5 (or something like that) , but we sized the ring from a 6 to a 4.25 to keep the integrity of the pave setting. Thankfully (or not so thankfully) I gained a nice amount of honeymoon weight so the ring has fit pretty well. However this year I am finally down to my pre wedding weight and there goes that ring spinning! I was able to cut the amount I needed from the ringuard and the ring is now comfortably snug. I love that the plastic is clear and not visible from the side. This is PERFECT! Thanks for a great, inexpensive but high quality product. As you can see in my pics you get multiple bands, and you can cut them so one band may be good for up to three rings if you aren't sizing them down too much."
"Very practical.  Doesn't show unless you are looking for it.  Really does the job for much less money and with more comforst than the metal adjuster's you can buy for $10 at the jeweler's.

Will obviously have to be replaced in some months if the adjustor gets dirty from hand lotion and soap, etc., but that's to be expected."
"These are ok. They do the job. They move around some, but they are easy to put on."
Works well. Stays on nicely because of the coil design
Works great
I love it
What a wonderful little item.  I have tried other ring guards and they have not stayed on the shank of my ring.  I quickly put the RinGuard on my ring and since the product is clear vinyl it is not seen but has stayed on keeping my ring from twisting.  Thanks for creating such a useful product.
"Was ok, fast shipping,it worked for what I needed it for"
"My engagement ring is about a 1/4 too big and kept sliding around. I didn't want to have it resized again, because once I add the wedding band it will be tighter and probably be the right fit. This RinGuard is working perfectly to keep a snug fit! My ring no longer turns. I used the smallest one and it did the trick! It's also pretty comfortable too!"
"Works, but is a bit uncomfortable"
Very easy to put on and adjust ring size.
"The ring sizes are easy to attach to the ring, They stay on well.  The only drawback is that they move on the ring and don't stay in place."
I was expecting more size options. Fairly cheap. Not sure if a better solution exists but this wasn't quite what I was looking for.
didnt work for my rings
"This works great on my raven ring set! The ring itself varies in width as the feathers go along the band, and the coil wraps well around the band. If you have a specialty ring that just can't be resized for risk of damaging it, I would recommend this product. I will definitely order this again for my other rings."
"I was using the Ring Snuggies for 3 months before switching over. I hated how I had to constantly replace the snuggie about every 2 weeks. With the RinGuard, I haven't had to replace them yet, and it fits better, without being too bulky. The delivery was quick and the packaging was simple. LOVE IT!!!!!"
"NOT FOR MEN""S WEDDING BAND...even the largest one didn't work on my men's wedding band.....still wrapping it with tape  these would work on smaller rings"
"I've tried a few ring guards and I have to say this is my favorite. The others were bulky and would not stay in place all the time. With this, because of the spiral design, you don't really feel it on your finger and its not bulky.
Would definitely repurchase."
Bought this product for my hubby to try. He had been sizing his wedding ring with duct tape after losing almost 100 lbs. The shortest Ringuard works perfectly.  And I like it better than the tape!
"This ring quard does not fit all band widths. It constantly unwound from my ring and was uncomfortable to wear. It only wrapped around my ring 1 and a half times and it kept on falling off. The ends of the plastic tubing poked the underside of my finger. It may be awesome for thin bands, but, for wide bands none of the 3 sozers worked."
"Update 9/26/15:  I would not recommend.  The spiral plastic got all gummed up and wouldn't stay wrapped around my ring after just a few days.
These are just a piece of plastic tubing cut in a spiral. They're a great idea but I think I'll have to change them often.  Since the problem I'm trying to fix is swollen knuckles and narrow finger, I can't get my ring on once I put on the adjuster.  I found that with a pair of tweezers and a small pair of scissors I can put it on my ring once it's on my finger. A little clumsy, but it works.  I would suggest instead of three prices of the spiraled plastic, that you just provide one long piece that I could cut to size and not waste so much."
Shipped quickly and was exactly what I needed. You can't feel it when it's on. Very easy to adjust and fit to size
"The product did make my ring fit more snuggly, but I also found it a bit uncomfortable.  I purchased these for a trip to Maui because I was afraid to wear my wedding ring in the ocean (thought I might lose it), but I didn't end up wearing them because it felt weird to have the ring so tight.  So although I just personally found it uncomfortable, IT DOES WHAT IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO!"
Totally unraveled from the ring it was applied too
This ring size adjuster probably works well on thin rings such as the one pictured. It does not work on wide rings. We bought it for my husband's wedding band and it wouldn't stay put.
Great product
"I received the RinGuards very quickly!  However, even the largest guard is too small--the ring stays on my finger but it slides around and turns upside down.  The ring is about 1.5 sizes too big for my finger, to give you a frame of reference."
"Arrived quickly, easy to use, worked fine"
Works well. Is unobtrusive when worn and seems to do the job well.
These work very well and are comfortable as well as easy to put on the ring. Great product.
i had to fuse together so it will stay on!
"Didn't solve the turning problem, and it even started to unravel after 5 days. Not worth it."
The ring I used this on was kinda of chunky and the adjuster didn't stay on it as well as it probably would on a more traditional sized ring.
"This may work well on women's rings with a narrow band, but even the largest one would not stay on my husband's wedding band.  Quite disappointed ... but then this is the 3rd product we have tried that is supposed to help and have not."
I sent for this ring size adjuster for a ring I had bought online which was too big.  It is easy to fit and unobtrusive.  With three different sizes in the pack I was able to resize another ring which had gone too big for me.  Very happy with my purchase.
These are perfect for rings that are a little too big. Easy to install. Fast shipping. Recommend!
Did exactly what I needed it to do.
I have lost some weight so all my rings were loose. I have tried to make my own contraptions like using rubberbands/adhesives/spacers etc to no avail. So I tried these and they work perfectly! I am going to buy many more for all my rings and just in case they run out.
Just what i needed! Light weight and fits perfect!
I have very sensitive skin and it gave me a rash between my fingers because you have to coil it on your ring and it held in body heat.
works great very pleased with them
Works great!
These worked great!
"The product was the answer to my problem of how to make a ring fit better when is loose in place once past the knuckles. the product is easy to use ,makes my ring stay exactly where I want it an causes no discomfort whatsoever. Much better than the ring snuggies. the spring design makes it work awesome. I have a recommendation, don't trim the spring before you put it on the ring, it stretches out and you may need it longer than you think.  Great product. thank you"
"Only somewhat of a good solution... I've found the adjusters come unraveled rather easily...but from a better fit standpoint, it's better than tape !"
"Easy to put on and I love that it curves with the ring. You do have to cut and adjust for each ring size, which is nice to be able to customize. It's does like to unwind of the ring every now and then, but that has not annoyed me yet. Package also came in a timely manner."
Great to adjust ring size. I gave it 4 stars because this won't work with thick ring band
"I've been using this for about 7 months now and it definitely makes me more comfortable wearing my ring and less worried that it will fall off.  Over time, it's turned dark grey with dirt.  I put it in an ultrasonic cleaner that my fiance has hoping it would get the dirt out, but it didn't do much.  My ring still twists around my finger at times, and I may end up getting my ring re-sized (smaller) down the road, but this little adjuster was just what I was looking for and was the most comfortable looking one I found onilne."
Super easy to put on and take off. Keeps my ring in place and you can't notice it.
It sucks and a waste of money
Made my finger sweat and it felt scratchy.
"if you need a little adjustment, this is perfect, set of 3, you need just 1 at year, can get wet without problem"
"Bought a package of them, and they are really great."
"I love how easily these ring guards work - the spiral design allows the guard to conform to the curve of my rings; I am actually using the medium sized guard to hold my wedding band and engagement rings together.  The guard is much more comfortable than ones that are just tubes of plastic (no spiral cuts), and I don't even realize it's there after about 30 seconds.  Both my husband (ring size 11) and I (ring size 6.5) use these on our rings.  Recommend!"
Works perfect with my size 7 ring. I'm a size 6.
These do the job but they're kind of annoying to wear.
Easy to put on your ring and worked perfectly.
Received promptly and really helps keep the ring on safely.
excellent
"I bought this to make a promise ring my boyfriend gave me fit better. I only wore it for a few days. While it does help to tighten up loose rings, I found it uncomfortable since it kind of pinched if it moved at all. It might work for some, but it wasn't a great fit for me."
I liked these ring adjusters so much I bought a second set. A friend saw it and wanted her own set so I gave her the info. No more metal ring guards the pinch your finger and scratch the ring.
Been wearing this on my wedding set for about a month now. It was a little tight at first but after wearing it for a while it loosens up.  Would purchase again.
Did not fit on large ring
"Didn't offer a larger size- I ordered the largest they had- for thicker bands, so it didn't work. If band was smaller, it would be fine. I ended up spending big bucks to have ring altered to fit me."
Worked great. Sizes are same just shorter
Awesome product! Much better than the straight tube style ring sizers! I will definitely buy these again!
This is exactly what I envisioned it would be the spiral cut in the tube is ideal.
not so great if your ring band is wide.
Fast shipping! Item as described!
"These ring guard work great. I have teeny tiny fingers and some rings you cannot get sized, these work perfectly on those rings. The package came with multiple size adjusters in different lengths depending on how tight a fit you want. They are comfortable and I don't even notice that I'm wearing one. A plus, the wrap around design keeps it from getting dirty and it doesn't slip around like the other designs. Highly recommended."
"I have lost a significant amount of weight (93 lbs) and didn't want to take my rings to be sized until I was at my goal weight. RinGuard seemed like the perfect, temporary solution. I researched other products, and this one seemed better.

Nope. Believe the negative reviews. Before RinGuard, I had used doubled Moleskin strips, bandaids, and in a moment of desperation, Krazy Glue and Gorilla Glue (didn't work).

This product DOES NOT WORK. I wasted money buying it. The plastic does not stay over the rings, despite using the appropriate size RinGuard. It isn't secure, the plastic is cheap. You had ONE job, RinGuard. One. This product is not even worth one star."
The ring guard not only makes my ring fit better. It also provides protection for my ring.  I broke the shank on my ring. After repair it's not as thick. This guard helps keep wear to a minimum on the shank. Very easy to put on or take off. And comes in 3 sizes in the pack.
Wife didn't like it
Works really good. Would definitely recommend.
Uncomfortable
The ring guard was fine just too small for the size ring.  Mine was thicker.
"Not the BEST ring sizer, but good enough for a growing teen who will eventually fit into the ring size we purchased for him."
They really don't work so well.  Can't get it wet.  They loosen up really fast.
"I have been trying things to be able to use my rings and this one is perfect!
Thank you so much!!!"
"This product was a great alternative to resizing a ring that has been in my family for nearly 80 years. The package came with 3 sizes and even the smallest one was a little too big for my ring. It didn't go so far around that it was showing from the top but when I put the ring on it was extremely tight and uncomfortable. I cut off about 2 coils and tried the ring on again and it fit perfectly. For people who are saying that the coil is uncomfortable, it's possible that they just didn't cut it small enough and it's making the ring too tight. Also be sure to cut the coils off on an angle if you're making the sizer smaller, I think that fixes the issue of the sizer becoming uncoiled that some people have talked about. I always take off my rings when I put on lotion (not sure why you wouldn't, you're just getting gunk all over your rings then) so I haven't noticed an issue of anything getting ""trapped"" in the coils. I've only been wearing it for a few days but for the price I think it's worth it!"
These work as advertised.  They don't get a 5 because the ends will unwrap slightly.  I just wish you could choose the size you want.  I'd order again if I could just get the small as I like it much better than the large.
Really good product!
"They work well, I do enjoy that the larger ones can be cut down to make more. My only complaint is the color has changed, it's no longer clear. Could be my fault?"
It's perfect for what I needed it just fine thank you
"This is a good item but best left on a single ring.  Better for a slim ring than a thicker one, but once you put it on, don't take it off and transfer between rings as it will take the shape and doesn't seem to mold easily to something else.  I finally gave up using it, but it was ok for what it was.  Presents a smooth surface and doesn't snag in hair unlike the metal brackets they can put on rings. Also, these are quite comfortable."
They stretch really bad and slip all over the ring
"They attach quickly, but do not stay in place.  They keep unraveling and I have to reattach a portion of the guard.  Not what I expected."
"I am very happy with the RinGuard purchase! My engagement ring was slightly too large and the small size adjuster made my ring fit comfortably on my finger.  I do not even feel any difference from the adjuster addition.  When I first ordered the RinGuard, they accidentally sent me the instructions but did not include the actual item.  They were VERY quick to respond and ended up sending me two different packets that arrived just two days later.  I appreciated the customer service and I will definitely continue ordering from this company when I need to adjust more rings!"
"I've tried several ring guards over the last couple of weeks. Most simply didn't work and this was no exception.  The problem here is the ends. They easily become uncurled and wind-up being a nuisance.  This product also slides around the ring easily,  especially if you use hand cream or just wash your hands. After a few days, I threw it away."
"I've been using this ring sizer for a couple of days now, and honestly, I'm a bit disappointed.  I have very small fingers, and rings with thin bands.  Even the smallest sizer wiggles back and forth/swings to the front of some of my thinner rings.  The sizers were also far too long (went around too much of the band so that they showed from the front view) and had to be trimmed.  That being said, the item arrived promptly, was inexpensive and better than nothing.  It's certainly worth a shot if you don't have freakishly tiny hands (like myself)!"
don't really work and these are just a pain to try to use
"I needed to trim the guard down to fit my ring. It lasted 1 day because it kept coming lose and falling off.
Didn't work for me."
Love it
"I had my wedding rings sized up a couple of years ago because I had gained a lot of weight since my wedding 18 years ago.  Thankfully, I'm now working hard to change that and I'm losing weight, slowly but surely.  Surprisingly, the first thing to get too big for me was my wedding set.  They were to the point of falling off onto the floor unexpectedly, just walking around.  I didn't want to lost them, but I really don't want to get them resized again until I reach the point that I feel like I'm done losing weight.  So...I bought these, not really knowing what to expect.  To my delight, the instant I put one on each my engagement ring and my wedding band, the problem has been solved for!  My rings fit great now and are not falling off.  I plan to use these until I am ready to get my rings sized down.  If you are in the same situation as I am, I highly recommend these. Good luck!"
Good idea but it does not work for thick rings.
"I tried 4 different ring size reducers and for no more than a 1/2 size reduction, this one is the most comfortable, least obvious, and easy to use.  I would recommend it if you are looking for a slight reduction.  Because of the meager channel setting of my diamonds, it was not possible to resize my ring, so I had to find a solution or return the ring.
The ""DipSize"" reducer was my next choice.  It worked very well but needed to be renewed in less than a month. I used it to hold my Asian puzzle ring together and it is great!"
Ok but they do not stay on the ring.  Each end will come lose and have to be tucked under the ring all the time.  Easy to put on but do not stay in place.
Love this product. The adjuster was so cozy and did exactly what it was supposed to. It is a rubbery coil material. It does not irritate the finger at all.
These are no good
Really work well.
absolutely what I have been waiting for!! I can't get rings sized cuz my fingers swell up in summer & shrink in winter (yes weird I know haha) but this fits perfectly and does not get in the way at all.....buying more for back up!!!!
Does not work that well. Ring still turns.
"It's super comfortable, easy to put on, and inexpensive. I feel safer lifting weights while wearing my engagement ring too because I know the gold won't scratch."
these are great!
"Excellent. Thin, doesn't trap water. Works to adjust to various needs by cutting a bit off.
Better than noodle because:
 - less bulky
 - doesn't trap water when you wash hands
 - doesn't slip around and creep up side of ring partway through the day
 - doesn't stretch out after a few wears (or at least hasn't yet; seems more snug)"
"Yep, they come in an envelope. I immediately dropped one on the floor and who knows where it went - so tiny and clear that I couldn't find it easily. It will probably turn up at some point. Of the two left, I put one on the ring I bought them for and one on another ring. The rings fit much better, BUT these things are not going to last long, and they are a little uncomfortable. Also, things will get caught in the spiraled tube, so be sure to wash your hands very thoroughly and rinse well. I would not use these on rings I wear all the time (day and night); I don't think they would hold up well. The ring that I wear most often with the RinGuard is one that I put on during the day and take off at night. I don't think the RinGuard is going to last a long time with that kind of use either. I think these are good for a temporary fix or for a ring that you only wear once in awhile. It's a clever idea, and it's cheap, but don't look at it as a long-term fix. Others have suggested buying some flexible tubing and making your own. Not a bad idea."
"The 3rd time is a charm. After trying 2 others, I finally got it right."
Save your money
Good
"They work, but they are thin and somewhat annoying because the ends don't always stay"
"I actually purchased these for my mother-in-law.  She has big knuckles but skinny fingers.  To be able to get her rings over her knuckles she has to buy a larger size and then they just spin around on her finger.  I had previously bought her the ring size adjusters that have a slit in them and you push them on the ring while they are on your finger.  Those work for a little while, but they keep coming off of the ring.  She has one wide ring that is actually three rings welded together.  The ring size adjuster with the slit works okay for that ring, but not any of the other rings that are just one band.  This ring size adjuster that twists onto the ring works much better for her and stays on."
Difficult to put on ring
"I didn't care for these at all. They are scratchy when putting on lotion etc., and the ends catch on things. Mine went in the garbage!"
"Not sure if it's a great fit, but it will size down your ring, very comfy."
Worked pretty well for my ring that's too big. No issues so far
perfect for my wearing again my rings
"The item does what it says, unfortunately the coil starts to loosen after the first few hours of wear and becomes pretty annoying to wear. This could work for something temporary, but don't expect to wear this more than a couple times."
Works great and fast delivery
"I had to purchase this ring size adjuster when I lost weigh after getting engaged. I used the smallest of the 3 size adjusters available in the envelope. It keeps my ring in place with out being bulky. I had tried on other size adjusters before that was basically pvc plastic with a tight slit cut into one size. They were tight and dug into my finger. This product does none of that. I am a cook and worried that my ring might have fallen off before this product. The ring slides on & off with ease for hand washing or chores, doesn't move around too much under gloves.
It is a good little ring adjuster, works for what I need it for, what more do you need?"
No good for me.  My ring shank is too large.
Tried all three sizes and did not work. They kept unwinding from the ring and really uncomfortable to wear.
These ring guards slip.
"Fits well on thinner bands like the one pictured, does not stretch well to fit larger bands for men's rings or if you have wedding bands fused to an engagement ring."
"A very simple product to fix something not so simple. I'm glad I found this so that I didn't have to go to a jeweler since that is so much more expensive. Overall I am very happy with the product since it is so flexible due to its ability to bend into almost any shape and does not get in the way unlike most ring size adjusters that are just the solid piece of plastic that look kind of a macaroni. Just be careful putting on lotion unless you want lotion to get stuck under the ring size adjuster. For this price and deal (set of 3 ring size adjusters), it's definitely a steal."
"I had to use the longest one to reduce the ring size by 1 and it covers almost half of the ring so if I separate my fingers you can see the coil. So if you need to reduce the size from 7 to 6, this may not be a good alternative. Also, it slides towards the top of the ring. Not ideal.
I like that it surrounds the ring tightly, not like the other plastic tube sizers."
It is okay for now .....slides apart now and then.
Doesn't work. The ends are unattached to the ring and unwind.
Waste of money. It did not work for me
"They kept coming off my ring. So, hard put on & waste of money."
"works well, delivered on time, can use my rings again."
These work very well.
broke easy and moved around a lot
"This style of ring guard is fantastic!  It is MUCH better than the kind that is made of the same material but instead of spiraling has only a single split down the middle through which you insert your ring band.  That kind is cumbersome to wear and bothers my hand.  This spiral type, however, is much less noticeable yet does a great job making a too-large ring fit my nicely.  I'm attaching a few pictures to show you the ring guard on one of my rings, as well as the other type of ring guard (that doesn't fit as well) on another of my rings."
I love the ring guard .. it doesn't fall off like another one I've tried .  Really happy with it
It works pretty well.
Very easy to use and stay on great. Worth the purchase if you have a ring just a little to big.
Worked great and more comfortable than other ring size adjusters I've worn.
"Useless. Uncomfortable and doesn't stay put. Not made for rings with varying thickness. I found a tip online to use very good quality glue (like E6000) on an even bead inside (a not too valuable, just in case) ring to knock off half a size comfortably."
"Yes, this is ""the solution""!!!
Great idea, great product.
Thanks"
I am quite happy with it.
"These did the job...since I've been losing weight, my wedding rings have been loser than I like and I've been worried they would fall off, so I wanted to find a ring adjuster that would minimize this risk until I lose additional weight and actually get them re-sized.  While the adjusters did the job, they aren't really comfortable and it often tries to uncoil at one end.  Uncoil, you ask?  You wrap the ring adjuster around the ring until it is a tight fit on your finger...but now the ends want to unwrap - they aren't staying on as much as I would like.  Overall, not bad for the price, but I wouldn't purchase again."
"This is a pretty awesome purchase if you're still determining whether or not to reduce the size of your ring. You can cut at any point to get just the right fit. Until I go through a summer with my engagement ring to see about fingers swelling in the heat, this item is perfect to stop the ring from falling side to side on my finger. Also, I know my ring will fit differently once I wear my wedding band; again a great way to hold me over so I know for sure before making a permanent change."
Have just used one so far on a ring that is at least a half size too large for me.  I will eventually use the other ones.  I do like it better than another plastic ring guard I bought years ago.
Does not work well
Won't get them again.
"It's Ok, but doesn't last long.  You receive more than one in the package and I am on my second one.  The first one lasted a little over a month.  They do wear out."
"This is such a simple product, but it works perfectly! I've lost some weight and most of my rings are loose to some degree or another. So far, I've put two sizes on two different rings and they are working out very well. The largest one worked great on my loosest ring - I just had to cut some of the loops off. Super comfortable! I'll definitely be recommending this product to others. Of course the long term solution is to get my rings sized, but for now this works great."
"Fast shipping, easy instruction. This is a quick fix but i would say at most it only provides 1.5 size up. I use the thickest/biggest adjuster and instantly it makes my ring fit better. I don't wear my ring to showers; just hand wash. But after only a few weeks the plastic sort of flattens out and tends to expand to the front (which isn't visually appealing at all). To be fair this is partly because i have smaller fingers (size 4.5). So if you have smaller fingers like i do, please exercise caution when order."
Works like a charm!
This works pretty well but seems to be wearing out quickly.
Great product and worked well with my different rings.
"OK, not all that"
"Used this so my wedding ring would stop sliding, but you have to check it all the time because it swirls off the ring. Its okay for a night out, but will not stay on all day."
worked great......arrived quickly
Works well. Soft and doesn't irritate my finger. Easy to use.
Goes on easily but slides around. Finger is thin but knuckle is bigger. Can't really have too much on the ring or I can't get it off without unwinding it. Not the fault of the product. Was worth a try.
It works as I expected.
"Love this!! I have small figures (size 4) and this wrap right around the ring. My engagement ring is a size 4 and it is just a bit too loose but a size 3.5 is way to tight. This is a great solution.
Only down side is it looks dirty after use over long period of time. I shower with my rings and wash my hands regularly but the plastic piece is tinted a gray/cloudy color. Not a huge deal. Just makes it look dirty all the time."
These work great on rings that are just a little too big. Easy to put on and my ring now fits perfectly. Can't see it on the ring and it stays on well. Very satisfied.
Genius
It was delivered on time and it works perfectly. For a temporary solution is a great item.
this works perfectly to both hold my engagement and wedding rings together and makes them fit my fingers! cheap alternative to having them permanently bonded together!
"I've tried every type of ring size adjuster out there and every other type was a disappointment. They were either too bulky, scratched the ring, kept falling off, or the rings would spin or were too loose or even too tight. I have larger knuckles than the finger base and tend to retain water.. so it's hard to have the rings perfectly sized by a jeweler. I didn't expect any better from the RinGuard Adjuster; but I was so surprised! I have a PERFECT FIT now! I even put the engagement ring and wedding band in the spiral together. My rings are not wide however; so I can't say whether you could put wider rings together in the spiral. The rings do not spin at all. The adjuster is extremely comfortable and inconspicuous. It's simple to use and simple to trim for a perfect fit. I can finally wear my wedding bands again!"
So fast on the shipping and the snugger is great! It's doing the job I bought it for.
"One loose stone when I opened the box..Another loose stone after I wear it for 2 hours....

I got my refund though but won't recommend this product. It does look great when all the stones are intact!"
Rings stay in place very well. Will never come off because of the spiraling design!
"Wonderful, they work great and so easy too put on your ring !"
Great ring size.  Helps keeps my rings on my fingers.
These are working well.
delivered quickly but shifts around a lot
Weak
"My ring a 1 size too large so tried out the RinGuard Ring Size Adjuster.
Pros:
1. Easy to put on
2. Reduced the ring size
3. Did not gather any water or any product
4. Dries quickly
5. Leaves the skin dry as well
6. Almost transparent, although I did see some mild color on it after daily use

Cons:
1. I think it is just me but I still feel my ring is going to fall. Maybe investing in resizing is better for an expensive ring
2. Not sure of how long it will last. I will update in a few months
3. The ends tend to unwind

Overall it is a good product. Would recommend if you a looking for an easy way to resize your ring"
Perfect!! It's so tiny and clear. Nearly invisible. Holds my rings together so they don't turn. Very comfortable...I can't even tell it's on. I'll buy more soon.
"Different size helped a lot, since I have rings with different size widths. You can't go wrong with this product."
Arrived quickly and seems to work great.
This style of ring guard is good as it doesn't fall off like some others I have previously used. Definitely recommend. The only negative is the 3 sizes in the pack are pretty similar.
Will probably work for the type of ring shown in the advertisement. Unfortunately for me I have a men's band that is thick and it doesn't work. They advertise three sizes so I took a chance that one of the sizes would work for me.
This really saved me some money. It helped my wedding band fit without taking it to the jewelry store. It's not noticeable to others.
They don't stay on
Great idea but doesn't work well if your ring is not the same diameter all around. Hard to keep it in place.
Work perfectly and easy to put on!
This work really will....The sized actually stays on the ring it don't slide around and very comfortable to wear and it is not bulky......
"I finally have a way to wear my Grandmother's ring! It is so easy to use and very comfortable. I'm so glad that I bought this! Quick delivery and when I had a question about the product, the seller got back to me and was very helpful."
Its an amazing product like it 
"Didn't work on my ring, it's too thick. Do not get this for a thick ring.

Works on smaller rings perfectly though!"
Not totally impressed with this product.  The plastic keeps moving around. A good idea though.
Kind of annoying when the end pokes you all the time.
Does the trick~!! Material is flexible and soft- you don't even notice that it's on the ring.
"My wedding ring is half a size too big. I used the smallest adjustor in the pack and it made it almost too small depending on the weather, when I last ate, if I exercised etc. This appears to adjust it by a half size on average though. For the most part its perfect. After a couple of days it does get dirty and starts to unravel off the ring when you take it on and off. I take my ring off at night and to shower or wash dishes so it comes off at least 2 times a day. This is meant to be a temporary solution. I would never wear this full time. While it isn't annoying to wear, I do tend to poke at it. But until I can get in to get the ring downsized again this works so I don't have it fall off my finger. Awesome temporary solution."
Best of it's kind and I have tried other similar products. This one works best and it the most comfortable!
Perfect for too big odd shaped rings
Difficult to work with
Rip ogf
Was fine for a few days but with creams and soap all day long it started to get loose. The material it's made of became very soft. Great for the money but decided to wear the ring on another finger instead.
They definitely work but they don't stay wound on very well. I think it would work better with a very thin band
"At first, I didn't like it, but then I realized I had the wrong size. Once I put the right size on, my ring never spins, it's fairly comfortable. It occasionally feels scratchy against the inside of my fingers. It also scratches my other hand when I am washing my hands. It works, but I will be getting the ring re sized soon."
Goid
Highly recommend!
"The product was delivered in a short time, the purchase experience was very good.  I think the product wasn't designed for a very wide band. My mother had her engagement and wedding rings welded together, so the RinGuard probably didn't fit properly.  In this case, the RinGuard came off after about a day of wearing it. I put it back on, and it gradually came undone again over the next day.  The day after that when I checked it, it was gone entirely.  So, maybe it works on a regular ring, but I don't recommend it for a very wide band or two rings welded together."
"Don't really work, ring still turns and the ring guard slips back and forth."
"This product is fine. It kept one of my rings from falling off my finger but not from turning around it.  It also kept getting snagged on things (Hand towels, blankets) and I kept having to rewrap part of it. I tried the shorter one, but it didn't keep the ring on my finger. Resizing the ring is an inevitability but this product is a decent stop-gap. It great for costume jewelry that never fits properly and is only worn for brief periods."
Works a lot  better than the ring snuggies and is more comfortable.
"I have bought Ring Snuggie, Ring Noodle, and now this Ringuard. The spiral design of this product makes it the most comfortable to wear and easy to put on the ring. It is also least visible.  Because of the spiral design, it is also most flexible to be used on various ring band widths.  I give it a 4 out of 5 only because for the price, I felt it was stingy to only include 3 ring guards. What if you make a mistake with one? Also, they are likely to need replacement every so often."
Junk!
its okay
Ordered this as my weddings rings are real loose -- To my surprise this works great! I've been wearing the same ring guard for about 3 wks now and it really does the trick. For the price I would definitely say try it!!
This worked well and is able to be sized. It's not too fat on the ring to make it uncomfortable. I recommend it.
I have the typical men's wedding ring (maybe twice as wide as women's rings) and put on the largest of 3 choices - went 3 times around and fits very comfortable and snugly - not too tight or too loose. The only question is how long will it last. Maybe forever. If I remember I'll do an update about a year from now.
The best product.  Just ordered more.
Perfect fit extremely comfortable.  I am using to hold my engagement ring and wedding band together.  The material allows for the width of both of my rings together.  I am using the smallest one and will be saving the others.
These work so much better than the other non-flexible ring adjusters.  I don't feel it under my finger and it keeps my ring in place.  Three sizes are included and you can cut it to adjust the length to what you need.  I'm glad I found them.
It does the job
"I wear a 7.5-7.75, but as you know most standard rings come in only full sizes...so 8 is usually my go-to, but always too big!  Not any more -- I can wear a ring on my left hand every day now.  Easy to put on and take off too, can rotate between rings as needed."
"I needed to make my engagement ring slightly smaller, but I didn't want to resize the ring. My fingers have a tendency to swell easily and so if I resized my ring the ring wouldn't always fit.

These fit perfectly and really do keep your ring snug on your finger. It is not uncomfortable and you don't even notice it's on your ring.

These would also be helpful for rings with bigger stones and smaller bands -- it has stopped mine from turning sideways or upside down on my finger.

Much better than the ring sizers that slip on, rather than twist on, because there's no chance for the sizer to fall off.

I would say it's taken my ring down half a size to a whole size. Definitely worth the money."
"Since these curl around the ring, it stays on much better than regular ring sizers. It also doesn't have a scratchy opening like the regular plastic ring sizers."
"I would recommend this product to anyone who wants comfortable adjustment, and it works very well.  Easy to attach to the ring, flexible fit, stays in place.  I would definitely buy this again."
This is a simple solution for when a ring is a little to big during the cold winter months.
"This ring gaurd goes on nice and easily, it stays in place and gets the job done!!"
"This product does what you'd expect, but I think it's important to not have hugely high expectations. The design is what it is and it does perform as indicated. In the case of my rings that I wear occasionally - more the costume jewelry variety - this product works great.  Easy to get on and off the ring and these guards are adjustable to band size.  That's the beauty of it really.  But I have a ring that I wear every day and frankly I don't like getting lotion and products stuck in the rings of the plastic.  And sometimes I forget the guard is there and I can feel it on my face when I put lotion on.  But I wouldn't count this as a product design flaw. It's just the way this product works and you get what you see.  For my fancy ring I'm thinking - stop being cheap and go to the jeweler and get it sized!"
This clever thing spirals around the ring. You don't have to worry about it falling off of your ring. Durable and smart.
The guard does not stay on the ring; it unravels.  Very disappointing and very flimsy.
"I bought a ring about a month ago which was lovely, but far too big. I toyed with the idea of getting it resized, but then I discovered these ring adjusters and thought I'd try them out before I ran off to the jeweller's.

The good:

1. The instructions were easy to understand, and I liked being able to just twist a few times and have a smaller ring.

2. The clear plastic (or whatever it is) hasn't turned my finger green or left any weird marks/scratches on the ring itself.

3. I liked the option of multiple lengths of ring guard adjusters.

The bad (or 'Why I took off a star'):

1. If you have dry skin on your hands, take off the ring/ring guard before you apply any hand lotion/conditioner/hair gel. The lotion/conditioner/hair gel will get trapped between the ring and the ring guard, and you will have to unwind it and wipe it off.

2. The ring guard slides like crazy. Maybe I just have weirdly sized fingers (or fidget with my hands too much), but I keep noticing that it doesn't like to stay in one place (i.e. in the middle of my finger).

3. This may have been a case of human error on my part rather than an instructional error, but I thought I'd mention it anyway. When I tried to adjust the sizing by cutting off one of the coils, I discovered that I actually only needed to cut off half a coil instead of a full coil (again, weird fingers). Unfortunately, this means that the ends of the ring guard curl up at weird angles on the side of my ring."
Easy to apply to ring. The guard is also comfortable to wear. It doesn't slip or come off like other guards I have tried.
"I tried other noodle style ring sizers without success so I tried this product. It is SO much better. It is easy to put on a ring. It doesn't slide around the band, trap soap inside the sizer or stretch out. Will definitely be purchasing this product for my other rings."
"So much better than a ring snuggie. These are more comfortable, they don't pop off and they are not as noticeable. Nice to have an option for rings not able or ready to resize."
fits great i have tried the other kind on here just one whole piece ...i love this one much better...would buy again
The BEST out there!!!
Guard does not stay in place. Tried all sizes... disappointed.
"Just got this in the mail (it took a lot longer than first class mail should) and find that only one of the coils (the largest) will fit around the shank of the ring I need sized. I think they probably work fine on thin and tapered rings like the one shown. I have very small fingers (4.5) and like bulky rings, so most of my rings have shanks too thick for these coils to fit. Like another reviewer, I could use larger sizes of these...larger diameter, I mean. I have yet to actually wear the ring with the adjuster in place, but if feels like it could uncoil very easily, as it is just barely coiled at the ends.
It's a really clever idea, though...just need a larger size!"
"This works great for me! I ended up sizing my ring down at a jeweler while waiting for this to arrive (the first one went missing in the mail so they sent me a replacement) so I thought I'd just return it when I got it. However I found that my fingers fluctuate a LOT in size, and even my second sizing down at the jeweler left me with a ring that was sometimes just a touch too big, and would drive me crazy spinning. I haven't worn this for any great length of time, so I can't speak to it's long-term durability, but I don't think I'll need to wear it permanently anyway, so if it wears out after a while I'll just purchase a new one for this price."
delivered on time and works well
Great way to reduce the size of rings.  I will order more now that I know they work.
"Works great, keeps my rings in place and prevents them from turning as well. Came two days early too."
"They will still work off. Best find, so far."
"Easy to install.  Nearly invisible.  As expected, it doesn't snag.  Still fine-tuning the fit, but with three sizes to work with, there are still options."
Much better size adjuster than the noodle-type which easily comes off.
"little hard to put on - it doesn't stay just right, but does help the ring not twist and turn."
"Great item! I had my engagement ring resized and was worried when it came back loose and I didn't want to have it resized again and again so I bought this. It has stayed put for a month of having it now and is very comfortable! It's hard to get a ring fitted ""just right"". This helps!"
Goes on easily. I recommend putting on more than less and strategically cut off a section. The plastic slips around so sometimes the ring slips around too. Not as bad as it used to be but not perfect.
"The three sizes that come in the pack are really just different lengths of the coiled ring guard, which is perfect for customizing it to your own size needs. More comfortable than the metal band I had been using, which broke. Don't know how long they'll last, but I can cut the others to size when it needs replacing."
"Works around ring like a clear ""spring"".  A lot of little grooves for junk to get caught in...germs, dirt, even soap from the dispenser.  I have no idea what the answer for ring adjustment is."
"I was really hopeful for this but it didn't work for me.  My ring is too thick.  I am a guy, and I have a 6mm ring (I think).  I did give it to my wife to try on her rings - it's not big enough to go around two of her rings at once, effectively binding them together, but she could put it on one ring.  She liked it at first as it did the job and she didn't feel it, but she said that she would wash her hands and water would stay trapped under the plastic, or it would also get dirty - she eventually stopped using it.  So, it does what it advertises, but it may come down to the thickness of your ring and your personal feel of it."
"Works great, quick ship."
these are adequate to keep ring from turning side to side for rings that cannot be sized.
AWESOME PRODUCT. My hands get smaller when cold (and fluctuate thru the day). These keep my engagement ring snugly on my hand but not too tight. Easy to cut and size. I found that the plastic got harder and kind of uncomfortable after a few months (better than the smooth tube type guards that harden after a day) so I just swapped it for another one in the pack - comfy again!
"So far, so good.  It keeps my ring from twirling and feeling like it is going to slip off.  If I use lotion I take the ring off and put it in a safe place until the lotion is rubbed in, then I put it back on."
These are the best ring sizers I have found--easy on and off-stay where you put them and comfortable as well. I would recommend them and would buy more.  I received them promptly.
"I've tried a few different types of ring adjusters (the noodle kind, and the metal kind), and I have to say that this one is my favorite. My engagement ring is about a quarter size too small, but I am sure once I have the wedding bands on either side, it will fit perfectly fine -- so I really didn't want to get the ring resized. Like most engagement rings, mine is top heavy (center stone, halo cut) so I had a lot of issues with it moving side to side, or to the underbelly of my finger quite often. I can honestly say that this issue has been minimized since wearing this. It's easy to put on, and it doesn't get gross within the spiral tubing. I highly recommend this adjuster, and would purchase this again."
"I never do reviews, but this is such a simple-seeming concept that's so hard to get right. My rings never fit, and I've tried lots of those inflexible ring guards that look and feel awful. When I saw this one I was sure it was too thin to be effective, but it works like a charm. Unobtrusive, comfortable, and my rings finally fit. Great price too."
"I have a family ring that due to it's age I refuse to send it off to be sized, so I needed to find something that worked. I was very skeptical as I have tried the regular plastic ring guards and they all ways fell off at the worst times. It arrived a lot faster then I expected.
Putting it on was pretty easy, just loosen an end up and then just twist it on. You get used to it being there in no time. I am so happy I bought these."
"This is perfect for my purposes.  When I started losing weight my ring started slipping off.  Since I'm still losing I didn't want to resize yet.  This tightened it up enough so that I can wear it again.  It's very easy to put on the ring and seems to stay in place.  Added bonus, the ring doesn't seem to spin around as much."
"kind of flimsy. not very ""invisible"""
The rubber becomes hard after wearing about a week.  It can become uncomfortable.
Absolutely the worst 3 pieces of Junk ever ordered. I was dubious when I ordered it and after receiving it (them) in an envelope I tried to get them on my ring with some success but they rapidly unwound off my ring. The ONLY thing I'm happy about is that I only spent about $6 for this stupid lesson.
"These turned out to be just the ticket.  Wife's ring had already been re-sized and couldn't do it again due to the diamond set.  This product made it fit beautifully, unnoticed.  Perfect."
Just want my wife wanted
"Does what it should do.  Keeps my ring from sliding off. Does NOT stop the rolling over/ to the side issue, but that's not its intended purpose.  Can be a little annoying at first as you are getting used to it and it slides on the ring, but after a while you get used to it and don't notice. Have only used the smallest one so far as I have not had the need for the other sizes."
"Maybe it would work on very thin - or at least a constant-diameter ring. Ends won't stay on smoothly - keeps unravelling. Went to my local jeweler - and for $25, my ring was resized with gold - PROPERLY. My small-town local jeweler was probably half the cost of ""them-there big-city"" types, but, bottom line, there appears to be one way to do it right - and this piece of tubing, spiral-cut, isn't it."
"I like this product a lot. It's fast, quick, adjustable, and clear.

What I don't like is that if you only want to use a small piece (it's easy to cut) that amount will unravel on the ring.
I tried using a small bit on a ring that was half a size too big. It was fine on my finger, but unraveled as I took the ring off.
If you need to go down more than that all should be fine.
Also, it's better for thinner rings."
Great fit for my rings!  Love it and will order another!
These things are perfect!!! I can't even tell it's on the ring. Very happy with this product.
"I thought this would be great since it's such a clever idea but truth is they only work about 15%.

1) my ring is still rolling around from side to side no matter the sizes I tried
2) easily loses its coil especially when you cut it down to fit
3) after 1 day of wearing it is starting to feel worn out and loose
4) THE COIL ITSELF MOVES AROUND TOO!! I wear a size 6 1/2 ring.

Waste of money to me."
Did not work to my girlfriends ring.
Easy to put on ring but still slides.
"My ring fits great in the summer but is a little loose in the winter, so I don't  want to get it resized, so these are perfect. They are easy to use."
"I am still working with this. The problem for me is that my rings are too wide and the adjuster tend to slip off at the ends. I'm going to try gluing the ends to the next loop.  Later, well... it didn't work. The ends were too small and pointed to glue sideways to prior coil, and the result wasn't comfortable at all. I have a narrower ring where it may be working, but I don't wear it every day. This does not seem to be a long-term solution."
Works for a day or two.  The ends start getting a little warped and then it is no longer comfortable.
"These are great! I've tried a few other adjusters and they were usually uncomfortable or didn't last. This feels fine, and I only take it off to wash it. Love!"
Didn't work on my ring a waste of money
Not so impressed.  I had to cut the first one because the end stuck out and bothered me.  Second one is ok but it rolls around causing me to continually be moving it around.  My rings does stay turned up a little better.  This is a very simple coil of plastic.  Finally gave up and threw it away.
Did not like put them in trash
"Probably works fine for slender rings, but with my below average width men's wedding band it did not work well at all.  It did not fit well and was constantly unraveling off the ring.  It did keep the ring on, but I had to reposition it about 20 times a day to keep it working.  Also gunk gets under the plastic (soap, lotion, dirt).  I'm taking it t a jeweler to have a solid adjuster insert put in."
This works great for me!  It doesn't fall off like the ring snugglies I keep losing.
"Does the job in a pinch, not expensive, not a long term solution. It's plastic, it discolors and after a while the spiral looses it's tightness and start unwinding."
Junk
Quality isn't great.
"Easy to use, works great"
These guards are the absolute BEST product I've received! I have many rings and don't want to pay to have them sized down..I couldn't be happier!! I have at least 4 packs because I never want to run out!
Its a little uncomfortable but it works ish
These work really well but over time get yucky from general use. It bugged me everytime I washed my hands how long it took to dry.
"These work okay, but are not comfortable.  If you have that costume ring you only wear occasionally, this is great.  But not for everyday use."
its ok.didn't really work like i needed.
Great comfortable ring size adjusters.
