"I bought these to try out a new medium. I really enjoy using them. I tried them on a number of surfaces including glass, plastic and metal. They were a little difficult get to work at first. Make sure to keep them at room temperature and you will have no problem with them. If you are looking for something to draw with on a chalkboard for a menu or just for fun these are for you."
"<div id=""video-block-RTQALNNBF99O3"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1Wdsb0c2ZS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01T7asZLKFS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These chalk markers are awesome!  Super bright colors with amazing contrast! I was surprised at how easily they write and how vibrant the colors are!"
"These markers are very bright and vibrant which makes them a perfect choice for using on clear glass or a mirror.
They go on a little like paint (although not so clumpy) so it is easy to wipe off quickly if you make a mistake. You can also smudge the colors together to make other colors or swirls.
The ink dries in less than five minutes. This just means that the ink doesn't get wiped off when you touch it; you can still get it off when using a wet paper towel.
These are the perfect size for anyone to use. The point is not too thin, but not too thick. Once the ink comes out, it draws smoothly. Both my daughter and I used these, and both of us had a lot of fun! We used them on both a whiteboard and glass and had absolutely no problems with them. Very happy with the result!"
"<div id=""video-block-RJXVF7Z3PTYEM"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1PZLBkl2MS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81UZcj8YMWS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I'm primarily a cartoonist, and use mostly markers and colored pencils in my art. Was fun to experiment with the textures of the chalk markers. You can layer them like you would regular chalk, but they do also provide a pretty nice solid color. The black is thick and solid, which is great for cartoon outlines. The markers didn't seem to bleed through the paper I used."
"This is awesome! I ordered to just give a chance and I can say it's good for its uses. As an artist, I would recommend them to people just looking for some great colors, they're awesome when you use them on boards and they dry quite well too."
"I am a professional graphic artist and I'm recently doing a lot of ""vintage chalk board"" designs. I draw on the board, then vectorize them and make editable, scalable, etc. regular chalk is not good, because it's hard to properly extract it from the background for vectorizing. These markers however are so easy to use and control, they have quickly become my favorite tool of choice. I have much more creative freedom and my results are much better. One of these days I will also try different colors as well:) A+ product!"
"<div id=""video-block-R23NK1J2398O1A"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1xSiMlSumS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ju8RIgs2S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Chalkola markers are high quality markers and are great for decorating for the holidays or any time of the year!  It goes on smoothly, and has a quick dry time and washes off easily. It's best used on glass, whiteboards, mirrors, plastics, chalkboards and ceramics. I love the bright, bold colors! They are great for children because they are water based, non toxic, odorless and washes out from clothing! I would recommend Chalkola markers for any classroom and art class setting."
"<div id=""video-block-R1GS4G75W7PLOR"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/F1K2l8lqR3S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91NQkyv-W2S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;&nbsp;I am Janet Garcia. I am a professional portrait artist and I am really pleased to have tested the Chalkola Liquid Chalk Ink Markers. The product has bright colors, they are fully bendable and can also be used on paper. I tested them on watercolor paper and even blended them with water and a brush with fantastic results. I really recommend this product. It's great also for sketches, plain air painting, etc. Watch the video to see how I used these great markers on watercolor paper and the final result achieved blending the colors with a damp brush in water, so these markers are water-soluble."
THESE DO NOT ERASE OFF CHALKBOARD BOARDS! Ruined my boards I have. So disappointed!
Colors are very visable without being neon ans are very easy to write with.
"I got these because I was unhappy with how the regular chalk markers I got were working.
I figured fine tip would be better...but they arent. I still have flow issues and certain colors like yellow are watery."
These work great. Good variety of colors and easy to use.
"Ordered these for black dry erase magnet calendar on my fridge but they are most certainly not the fine tip as listed on the bullet size. Maybe one or two are legible due to the consistency of the ink and the size of the tip,but overall these are a disappointing mess!"
So great! They work on a chalkboards and  whiteboards! Look great and I love that they are fine point but not super fine like some chalk markers. The colors are vivid and bright!
These are awesome!  I ordered these for my daughter who is in college for her huge calendar chalk board.  She uses different colors for different events so I know where she is at. She loves the fine tips instead of the crummy regular chalk and the bright colors.  Will definitely reorder when she runs out and will recommend to my teacher friends and college kiddos.
"These are fantastic chalk markers! So much better than 3 other brands I've tried. They're bright/vibrant and easy to use. They're not exactly quick drying but it doesn't take forever either. The metallic ones are not as vibrant (note the 3 in the sign), but they're alright. I would definitely purchase these again."
Great chalk markers! The colors are pigmented and write super clean. These do not leak excess ink like most chalk markers. Will be buying again when needed.
I like how smooth they write and the variety of colors. I dislike how long it took them to work - I was shaking them and pushing the end until the color finally appeared in the tip.
Excellent choice of colors and great price point!
"Comes with directions, very helpful! Thank you, perfect! Every color I need, great price!"
"These markers are amazing. They look great on the black magnetic sheet, and bold enough to show up from a distance.  They don't smear after they dry, and clean easily when using water.
This is a great company, with excellence in communication.  I will definitely be doing business with them again."
some did not even work i contacted the seller and they happily gave me a refund.
Easy to write with! Some chalkboard markers run or are awkward to hold. There work great and don't run!
"I wanted to love these markers, but they've unfortunately ruined my chalkboard! This photo is after 20 minutes scrubbing with soap and water, and then some Windex. Nothing worked! Please excuse the green tape -- I'm going to go over my chalkboard with some chalkboard paint. :("
"Markers right smoothly and cleanly, colors are beautiful. Will purchase this brand again."
Markers worked great! Wonderful color options.
These are my favorite brand and will not switch. They write so smoothly and the fine tip allows you to have complete control over what you are doing
"overall great experience with these. We were able to erase mistakes from a (slightly porous) chalkboard with a damp cloth, but only while it was still wet, and it took some effort. Some of the lighter colors didn't go on quite as smoothly as we wanted. With those minor caveats, these did a great job and the final product looks as intended."
I purchased these markers for a project at work. Im a teacher and wanted to write quotes in black contact paper. These markers were perfect. They were easy to use and the colors were bright enough to see. I was also impressed with the price. I will definitely order again.
Use these makers for my sons rehearsal dinner to write wedding dates on my French doors.
Wanted a fine top matker these do not work well as a fine tip.
"The chalk markers are awesome, the aditional 6 metalic ones are nlt very good at all, just go for the 10$ chalk ones they are so much fun!"
These are great for my chalkboard poster! You have to shake them and press on the tip for a while so that the ink comes out the first time you use them.
Bright colors!  Works perfectly for what I needed them for!  Would definitely recommend!!!
"These markers are very cute colors, write nicely (well, most of them), and wear well.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that the orange color did not right well at all.  I would purchase again in hopes all colors would work well."
Product is great - however I used it on my door I painted with chalk paint - cant get it off :(
"Some of these work great, but others, especially orange, don't put enough pigment onto the surface and therefore don't show up as well as I would like on my black chalkboard."
"These markers are great.  Their color is vibrant and they work well on chalkboards.  We also used them for a wood project and they looked wonderful.  Be aware, these are not sidewalk chalks!  The kids painted the front walkway thinking they were the same thing.  We now have a very colorful sidewalk and the markers show no sign of washing off despite regularly watering them down with the sprinklers."
We are very happy with these markers!  The colors are bright and vibrant and show up well on our black chalk communication board.  We have also found that the chalk erases cleanly and easily as well.
Great product. Used on wine glasses that hand chalk painted stems.
"For my chalk board only 50% of the markers work the other half almost permanently ruined my board.
Test small dots on your board upon purchasing make sure you can wipe them off before going any further."
Used for my son's birthday board. Very simple.
All pens were dry when they arrived - had to return for refund.
These are supposed to be chalk erase bowl markers in they do not erase.
These worked very well on a portion of my wall that Id painted with chalkboard paint. They write very smoothly and they're easy to erase if youve made a mistake. Im very happy with this purchase! Now I feel like I need more chalkboards in my house :)
"The color is nice and bright and opaque, but the chisel point is not so great and thats what I really wanted them for."
"They write soooo well and the colors are very vivid. I have a non-porous chalkboard from Target and had no issues erasing; I just wet a paper towel and was able to easily wipe it clean. You do have to give it a minute to dry, but really not that long. And the colors really just pop!

Just follow the instructions to get the ink out. Shake the marker, push the tip all the way down, and then continue to press the tip until the ink comes down. Then you're able to write!"
"I haven't used them yet, but when I got them in the mail the markers had come out of their packaging box and one of the markers had lost its lid."
We have a couple of chalkboards that my wife (a holiday-a-holic) changes with the seasons/holidays.  These have added a new dimension to her creativity.
"These are great  Wanted something more classy for store blackboard signage that wasn't NEON.  These are bright enough, and the colorr are muted and nice.  Works great on the stand-up Chalkboard signs we purchased also at Amazon."
"I just received the pack and after shaking it, I tried to write with them and they were dried out! I had such high hopes for these since they have so many positive ratings."
Love love love them! So much easier and prettier than regular dry chalk and if it gets rubbed up against it doesnt smear like dry chalk.
I love them! The colors are so vivid!
Great product!!
"Bought these for our chalkboard calendar. They work well but you have to press the tip over and over and over to prime the markers when you first use them and that ends up flattening the tip, which makes the writing look less than crisp."
Fabulous markers and fabulous customer service! I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I highly recommend!
"I bought these to use on our black dry erase board at work. All other markers we bought for this board, including the Expo brand that were recommended for it, worked great the first time but after that did not work at all. I have only used these markers once on the board, but I can already tell they will work amazingly each time.

The colors really pop on the black board. Love them!"
These work so well on the chalkboard.. i love the colors too!
"Awesome stuff , still testing it out"
"It took me some effort to find a chalk marker that works. This one does the job nicely and with pretty, bright colours."
These were vibrant and easy to use! Great for black dry erase boards!
Looks great on my chalkboard!
"I got these on a lightening deal. I can't remember price, a couple bucks cheaper than usual. The earthy tones are fun, but the kiddos like the the brighter ones better. I got a set of each from Chalkola. When I need more I will buy these again for sure."
Great working markers and with bright colors... however they don't come off the cheap Little chalk boards
"I am a teacher and was looking forward to using these chalk markers for a beginning of school project I do. When I received them, I prepped them all and tried them out. The colors are all bright and vivid, however, many of the tips are messed up and have a split. This causes a double line unless turned just right. I looked at the chiseled end of the tips and those were worse.  Only a few were actually chiseled and the rest were all fuzzy and bumpy. The product would be great if the tips were better. Im a bit disappointed seeing I read all the reviews and saw no mention of this problem. Maybe mine were just a dud. Bummer!
Update:The company was excellent at getting back to me quickly and resolving this problem very generously."
Having so much fun with these already!  Bright and bold colors look great in my chalk board decorations.
"I can't believe how much fun my grand kids are having with this product. We use it on large pieces of plexiglass, and it works so well! It keeps them busy for awhile..."
"I was pretty disappointed in these markers. Sure, they wrote really smoothly and looked great on my newly painted and dried chalkboard wall. But when I went to wipe it off 30 minutes later, nothing worked. Not the Mr. clean eraser, not wet wipes, not windex, not a wet cloth, nothing. I am going to have to repaint my wall.

My markers arrived on a Thursday and on Friday I received an email about how to use it, test it and to use on Non-porous surfaces only. I wish I had received that before I used the markers. The product description says it wipes away easily but that is not the WHOLE TRUTH.

Starting my return process now."
"Markers worked great, didn't leak and colors were spot on. Only returned due to needing a smaller tip for writing on the boards.

Id definitely recommend for those not needing to write small."
Love these chalk pens! Cute colors and easy to use
I like the neon colors but only some really work good. Other colors don't show up.
"Nice markers, I use them on a chalk board and a wipe-board. Bright, smooth, and bold. Love them."
Great colors!
Worked as advertised.
"These are, bar none, the best chalk markers I've used. The colors are vivid, bright and fun, and erasing is a breeze. I will definitely be buying again!"
"Amazing color!
Using them in my classroom and the color is brighter than other chalk markers I have used."
These markers are great!  I use my chalkboard to keep track of our schedules each week so having dependable markers is a must!
These work very well and provide lots of bold color
gave as an end of the year gift to my boys teachers with the roll of sticker white board/chalkboard paper! they loved it!
Love these! Beautiful colors. Writes really well!
Love the colors
One of the caps was loose and the marker will dry out fast
These worked surprisingly well for our chalkboard signs at our wedding recently. Good vibrant colors and added a lot of character to our signs!.
wipes off most everything easily except chalk wall paint
"I like the markers well enough but some had a weird, almost mold looking, stuff on them (see photo)."
"Love the markers, easy to use but takes a bit of elbow grease to wipe off. Overall satisfied with my purchase."
Works as expected! Thanks
The markers are great.  You can see them on glass.  Seller excellent.
I like this product! It is as advertised. I am happy with my purchase. It shipped in a timely manner and I received an email from the seller giving me helpful tips. I liked that! The colors are bright and vivid. Easy to use.
Leaves marks on board after erasing!
Terrible problems.  This does not come off ! I've tried everything. It ruined my chalkboard... don't buy
Love these! Very bright colors and they write very well!
"The markers make brilliant letters on our ""outdoor sandwich board.""  Indoors, they work great on black tags to call out products.  Great product!"
"These were a great purchase, easy to use, bright & easy to wet and erase when you make a mistake!"
"Very pretty, but don't come off easily!"
"Love these!  I needed to replace another brand I bought and purchased these based on the positive reviews. These are vibrant, good quality and clean well.  They also arrived faster than expected which was exciting."
"***UPDATE***
I discovered my surface was porous and modified it (lesson learned, USE THE PRIMER), and these really do work wonderfully. They erase very well on the surface required for usage, and leave no residue or ""ghost"" writing behind. It really is a great product, but you absolutely MUST have a non porous surface. This is my first homemade chalkboard and I didn't know or understand some of these things. I cancelled my return, these markers will definitely fulfill my needs! Colors are amazing. A great option, as I dislike neon colors. I'm changing my rating to 5 stars!

The colors are beautiful and rich, however these DO NOT erase well at ALL. I have a surface painted with chalkboard paint. I used a wet paper towel, vinegar and water, straight vinegar, tried spraying vinegar ON the surface and they are STILL stained on my board. Now I have to repaint the area I used them on, which is utterly ridiculous. The Bistro brand chalk markers erased beautifully with a wet rag but I can't find them in pastels. These markers were great, if you are wanting permanent print, but I had them on my board for less than 10 mins and it's stained. Be aware of how you plan to use them before you purchase."
We got these to write notes on our refrigerator and mirrors. Certain colors are more opaque than others.  F.U.N!
"I couldn't get some of them to work no matter how much I shook or pushed the tip, etc. The ones that did work stained the chalkboard and I had to get chalkboard contact paper to cover it."
Son loved being able to draw on my windows...came off super easy. Only problem was some did not seem to last long...then again it was a five year old I let use them! It was still worth the price for the hours if entertainment he had from them!
Great markers
Works great. The liquid comes out strong and smooth. Easy to wipe off with wet wipe
I would love it but trying to get the ink out is a mess. The black took forever to come out but once I figured everything out the markers were great
"I purchased these to replace the markers that came with my magnetic black board for the fridge. The set contains both a white and black marker allowing for a wide range of backgrounds to be written upon. I was pleasantly surprised that the brown marker is a nice mocha color and can be seen across the kitchen. Each of the markers has a lot of liquid while writing and are very vibrant colors. The reason why I didn't give five stars is while these are a fine tip, same tip size as the markers I am replacing, I would prefer to also have standard width to the tube as well. I find the wider marker tube style less comfortable to hold and write with when i'm used to holding a common pen or pencil."
These markers are great. Perfect for crafting and they are erasable. The metallic markers that came with the chalk markers are also great. I Outlined black chalk marker with grey metallic marker and they look awesome. Good buy. Will definitely recommend this mainly because its toxic free.
"Love these colors! I am using these for a wedding and wanted some earthy colors. They are still bold, but not so bubble gummy. I love them so much I'm going to hang the chalkboard in my kitchen and use them for lists of things that I will still forget."
"Quick shipping.  So far only used one marker but worked great on labeling all my pantry items,
Reasonably priced and seller contacted me to make sure if received and like the product.
I thought that was a nice touch.  Would definitely buy from this company again. Thanks!!"
Easy to wipe off and a nice array of colors
Nice color selection.  The tip is on the blunt side so it is hard to write on smaller chalk labels but the larger labels work great.
"Initially, was worried about this with mix reviews and then the markers actually not working when I first opened it!!! But I realized not only does it require massive amount of shaking [which it does say to do so for at least 30 seconds after opening], it requires you to push down the tip of the pen until the ink soaks through. Once you do that, voila! The markers work great!!! Absolutely no issues with writing it side ways or vertically straight down! Best part, it wipes off super easily! I am not sure what kind of chalk boards other reviewers were using, but it wipes off very easily with wet cloth. I would definitely purchase again."
"Using on vinyl chalkboard, works awesome!"
"The colors are bright and beautiful but some of the colors don't wipe away all the way. I wiped this off right after taking my LOs picture. I tried water (suggested), Clorox wipe, soap and water, and a baby wipe. None of those helped. I feel frustrated because the markers say wet wipe, but that is clearly not true."
"I've kept them in their packaging and just opened, they are totally dried out. I only ordered them 2-months ago."
Bright colors and easy to use on chalkboard. The metallic ones were not as bright and were extremely difficult to wipe off chalkboard. The rest just wiped off easily. I typically use unscented baby wipes to clean my boards since they are slightly damp and it dries quickly.
"it takes a little time to get the ink out but make sure you follow the direction its not only just shaking the marker. The colors are very nice! I will definitely buy more once they run out, my son usually uses chalk but this is much cleaner, no chalk residue."
"They work wel and colors are beautiful, but the metallic markers are hard to erase and leave marks on chalk boards."
These are awesome colors were beautiful they write well on multiple surface types I used these for my wedding signs and it worked really well
only one pen worked will be returning
"We were looking for replacement markers for some that were issued by our company. These seem much easier to use, the colors are bright and the lines are more consistent with less fading and dropouts. The earthy colors set is perfect for us."
"These are great, vibrant colors, easy to remove from windows. No dripping, no mess. I did try to use them on my car window, but wouldn't work on them...I'm sure it was due to the tinting on the windows, though. Regardless, Love them!"
"2 of the markers didn't work to begin with. All of them dried up within a few months, and the metallic markers stain the chalk board"
Great vibrant colors! Very pleased!
They write very well and the colors are lovely
"Extremely disappointed!  The metallic markers are next to impossible to get off the whiteboard, and would only come off the chalkboard with glass cleaner.  Nowhere in the description was that mentioned.  They are going back."
"The colors are wonderful and the product itself was good, but the tips on the pens gave up on me really quickly, which was rather disap-point-ing..."
Goes on so nice but absolutely will not come off of my brand new chalk board wall. Now Im going to have to repaint the wall
Nice markers used for Christmas decorations on black items.
great
"Beautiful colors.easy to remove on glass,white board etc. Love them so much."
"I simply LOVE this product! I have been experimenting with writing on the windows, my glass water bottles, the dry-erase board, even on cardboard. Granted, it doesn't wipe off from the cardboard, but the colors are so brilliant and I don't intend to erase it anyway."
Great markers. We use them for our cafe sidewalk boards. The colors are attractive and bright: just what we were looking for. Thank you!!!
"Vibrant, beautiful colors. Perfect for my Farmers Market chalkboard display! Work perfectly for  elegant writing, intricate design and drawing."
These are the best markers that I have found to date.
Washed off easily and nice bright colors!  Easy to use.
"I wanted to use these to write on a small blackboard each morning for my guests.  Unfortunately, the fake blackboard material does not do well with these pens.  My solution is to put black paper in a 8x10 photo frame and write on the glass.  This works perfectly for me and it is easy to leave daily messages."
They're beautiful and much better than regular chalk.
"Great product, wide variety of colors. Recommended!"
Terrible streaky markers. I planned on using them for a birthday sign and the marker dried out/clogged before I finished the birthday girls name! I spent another 20 minutes shaking and pumping the marker and unclogging the tip but it was still such a struggle to get the ink to flow at all.
"These work great, a nice tip. Just need a good shake and push down on a piece of paper first so the ink comes out consistently"
Vibrant colors.
"I have to shake some of the colors for more than 30seconds, probably longer than a minute or 2. My arm hurts by shaking these markers(lol) They work well so far and I could easily erase them by using warm water and paper towel."
"Beautiful colors but would not erase off my chalk board , I had to repaint my chalk board twice to get rid of the stain ."
Great for the board when you have those students who try to be funny and erase assignments. Lol.
Perfect
"I used the earth-toned markers to write on a dark translucent acrylic sheet. They work great! They are pretty smudge-proof when they dry on the board, but they come off easily too; I just wet a sponge and they swipe right off. Highly recommend them for writing on glass or plastic."
Work great
These work fantastic. Don't glob out and the chalk writes very smoothly. Would highly recommend. Pretty colors too...
"Bright, vibrant and nice variety of colors."
"These chalk markers are the best! Of the 3 other brands I've tried, these are superior. The ink flows quickly and consistently, the colors are vibrant, they erase easily, and the metallics are a nice little bonus. I use these on 2 chalkboard wall calendars, so the writing stays for 2 months at a time. For immediate erasing, a paper towel with a drop of water is fine. For erasing after a month or more, I use a damp paper towel to get most of the color - some colors will erase more easily than others. For those that don't come off with just water on a paper towel, I use a little square of a magic eraser and the rest disappears quickly (metallics definitely need the magic eraser)."
Very opaque but I did find that the ink finished quickly
"The thin markers didn't work well for car window art, but otherwise very happy with these. After drying, it actually held up in rain!"
"Ive had my board for maybe 5 years and used many markers, this one the white particular ruined my board. It won't come off,every trick in the book of the Internet was tried and its shadow is just on there for life. Pretty disappointed."
Love these pens!! Finally found the right size pens that actually shows the ink on a black dry erase board. The tips are small enough that I can write on my calendar without taking up all the space. The only reason I'm not giving an all 5 is because it is a little hard to erase certain colors. It eventually comes off but you gotta scrub hard.
These are vibrant and easy to use...definately recommend them.
I really like that these have two ends that you can write with. I like the colors too!
"These pens do not work. We've tried everything, followed all the rules and researched online. Look elsewhere for another product is you need chalk markers."
Great vibrant colors
Broken tip. Popped out easily. Metallic ones I like the best.
"These draw beautifully, however only some colors come off when it's time to clean the window or white board... I tested them on our back door window and they cleaned off easy, then my daughter drew a picture and we left it for a couple of days and only some colors came off and others seem to be in there permanently (primarily the metallic ones, but a couple of others as well) Don't buy these unless that's what you are looking for!"
"The colors of the Chalkola Chalk Markers are truly vibrant. They work perfectly for our ""weekly menu"" on the fridge.
They are NOT fine point...they are meant to be bold and bright! Very pleased with the quality of these for the price."
"No mess, easily wiped off of our bathroom mirror. Nice colors!"
Great markers. Colors are really vibrant and dry quickly. The extra 6 metallic markers are very small compared to the other ten but they are really nice also. Great deal! Would definitely but again!
Works as expected. Easily removed from chalkboard with magic eraser. Second order arrived on time. First never arrived and was refunded.
I love the colors and how vibrant they are on my dry erase blackboard. Excellent product.
So cute! Got them for Coachella hopefully they it last
"I was worried that these would stain the board because I didn't know if it was porous, I will  have to check back in a few months when we redo our calendar. I can say that vibrancy is great, the chisel is not as wide as I'd hoped ( was looking for a standard highlighter size), and the ink does take a lot of pressing to work out for first use. The tip did wear down after a fair amount of use on a huge board (talkin' classroom size here). Overall I'm happy that I chose these."
Love this product! Beautiful colors! Will buy again!
"I brought these for my grandchildren, and they are having a wonderful time with them. The colors are so bright and beautiful. Money well spent try these markers you won't be disappointed."
Works perfectly!
It does not come off chalkboard surfaces. Learned this the hard way :(
"These are streaky, AND leaky. The white ran out after 3 uses and the others were so runny and sloppy. I had to redo both of my projects because the chalk paint smeared and leaked everywhere.  Terrible."
"awesome markers,take a little while to have the ink work but if you follow dirextions you will be good to go!"
"shipping was fast.
these are great for signs and other projects. I'm not sure if they will wash off in the rain, but I think that's to be expected.  the colors are great and earthy. they mark beautifully and are easy to use."
"Love the bright, vibrant colors!"
"I love these markers. I was a little nervous because I read a few reviews that stated they don't wash off chalkboard at all, but I ordered them anyways. I used them yesterday for the first time and will say, they are awesome! They also wash off the board extremely easy. I wet a paper towel and wiped it off and then used a second towel to dry and continued on. I do wish that the metallic markers were brighter, I had to go over the red a few times to get it to stand out as much as the rest which I didn't have to go over again at all. The gold, teal and red are the metallic markers and the purple, white, blue and green are the regular color markers.

***update*** I did originally give these markers 5 stars but Im changing that to a 2 star now. The metallic markers do NOT erase. I scrubbed for over an hour yesterday with hot soapy water and a hard brissled brush and it won't come off all the way. So disappointed that my beautiful chalk board is now ruined."
love all the colors.  works great
"Pretty good - takes a lot of shaking and pressing to get color to tip - one color has never really become opaque, but the colors are very nice."
"Beautiful color and thickness. Easy to wipe away no matter how long it's been up. Perfect. And they last a while as well so it's definitely worth the money, which is cheap anyway."
Nice assortment.  Not your basic fluorescent chalkboard colors.
Very impressed! The colors are beautiful and vibrant. They write great even on inexpensive chalkboard wall stickers! And the price is phenomenal compared to the brands I have seen in stores. Excited to order more in the future!
Worked good for decorating my car windows. It's cookie season and the colors were vibrant! Took a long time because they don't fill in well. Had to use several applications to feel in the block letters
I love these!!! So fun to use and very practical
I enjoyed using the markers for the first time. I didn't have any difficulty with the paint. I simply gave it a shake and the paint would come out. I would order some more in the future.
Love these markers. Work great for decorating our windows for holidays.
"I got this for my daughters Princess  Sophia easel.  The colord are great, and it easily comes off with a wipe. Love it!"
I bought these for my grandbabies and they love them! They work great!
Love the markers! They're far superior to regular chalk and I will be ordering again!
"Easy to use, kids love them!! Easy to erase!!"
The chalk markers are great and it comes off easily. I would recommend this product.
I love them they work great and easy to use.
"Love these markers. They are vibrant, and they erase cleanly with a damp cloth."
These markers stained my chalk board on the first use!
Bright colors and easy to use.
When I got them looked like they have been used and the package was dirty
Awesome buy! I love these markers!
"I have a glass writing board in my kitchen that we use to leave messages for family members.  Unlike a whiteboard, many dry erase markers don't work very well on glass.  These markers were fantastic.  It takes a while to get the ""ink"" to flow (the company will send you directions!) but once you get them started, they are wonderful and bright."
"I recently purchased the Quartet black glass dry erase board. When I read the reviews, one reviewer said to avoid these and stick to dry erase markers. She could not have given worse advice! These markers are great! Well, the 6 metallic markers suck, but all of the others are just perfect. Getting the liquid into the tip is not difficult, and once you do, they write much more clearly and consistently. Plus, they erase just as easily!"
I love that these stay put unless you use water to remove them- so much better than dry erase- Used them for my wedding and made sure to test the board as made the mistake with others and it didn't come off.
These are just like paint pens and are very easy to use.  They look fantastic as well!  So happy with my purchase!
"I love the vibrant colors on my classroom's old painted chalkboards.  Unfortunately, the orange chalk marker just doesn't work on them...very disappointing because the rest of them look amazing."
These markers are awesome! Super vivid...easy to clean..water and a paper towel. Thank you for the sweet ink!
They are so vibrant and smooth!!  Definitely recommend!
can not write fluency always no color come out
"These are great except for one design flaw - when depressing the tip to get the ink started, the unexposed end of the tip must press against some kind of mechanism to release the ink. The mechanism damaged several of the chisel ends of my tips before I realized and start flipping them around to get the ink going. The chisel tips ended up with a weird indentation in them from the mechanism and didn't make full contact with the chalkboard surface, creating a double line instead of a single thick line like I had wanted."
"I was very excited to receive these markers, until I tried to erase the board.  After rubbing extremely hard, the color came off on my towel, the amount was minimal.  Pretty bummed, read all the reviews before ordering.  I would attach the photos but they have my families schedule and names associated with it so am not comfortable."
I ordered these because I needed metallic chalk markers for my nieces upcoming birthday chalkboard. It seemed like the best deal for the prices that I was finding. The metallic is truly metallic and are vibrant. (Except for the green) I would definitely buy these again!
"I bought these a month ago to use for my sisters bridal shower coming up. I just got them out to make her chalkboard sign and none of them work. All 8 markers are dried up and won't write. Unfortunately, its too late for me to return them. Bummed because the colors were so pretty!"
"3 of them don't work. Two of them i went to press down and the ink just exploded out of them and just leak, and one just looks like a regular coloring marker! Im not happy with these at all. I love the other colors though just wish they all worked!"
They are okay.  Light blue does not show up on my chalk board and you have to shake them alot to get the chalk to get to the tip.  Then after the tip you have to play around with it to make it bold enough to see.
Good quality compared to other markers that I have used.
"Some colors aren't working well. Bought them to write on black binders, smears if not left to dry, otherwise shows well. However, they're chalk so can be rubbed off.  The light colors don't show much on glass unless you go over it a few times. Not noticeable on white boards."
I love these paint markers!!! They worked great after sealing the chalkboard with Krylon Crystal Clear. I work at an animal hospital and needed to make our board look better than just plain old chalk. This did the trick.
These are awesome! BUT they don't completely clean off of chalkboard paint or kids chalkboard easels (like the step2 in the picture - this is after using a cleaner on it). Theyre smooth and easy to use and I would bet amazing on a classroom chalkboard!
I love these markers for my message board at home. I like to leave sweet messages on it for my boys and hubby. These chalk markers make them fun way better than boring white and they don't make a mess
Love these..
Excellent product and service!
"Great pens, very shiny and metallic."
These write really well and the colors are great!
Love them. They are prefect
We absolutely love these. We just received them today and they are already a hit! We are so happy :))))))
"These markers most definitely destroy the chalkboard surface and permanently leave remnants of what was written. They do not come off a chalkboard easily with neither a wet cloth nor windex. Keep looking... these are not what you want. I have attached before and after pictures; the after is after cleaning with a wet cloth, windex, and then a Clorox wipe. SO DISAPPOINTED!

Update: company was very responsive to the issue and offered replacements ensuring we received a bad lot of markers. They also offered a full refund for our troubles which we elected to take. Overall, good company but poor product experience with an n of one."
These markers are high quality and less expensive than other brands. The additional 6 metallic markers really add that extra something to my chalkboards! Shipping was fast and I was kept well informed on the status of my order. Thank you!
"These Chalkboard Chalk Markers will not erase off of my chalkboard. The color will come off, but the words stick out very clearly. To attempt removal, I used Windex, as recommended on the box, rubbing alcohol, hot soapy water and even Magic Eraser and all failed. I bought new Chalk Board paint because I thought it was my paint that was the issue. After writing with these Chalkboard Chalk Markers, I faced the same issue. I have a store and was hoping this would elevate my chalkboard for customers to walk in and my board just looks like a mess now."
We tried several markers before we found these! We had bought several brands of neon hoping they would would on our blackboard. These are the only ones that have shown up. Goes on smooth and wipes away leaving no residue. Would buy again over and over!
Love these!  Wipe off easy.  Bright colors.  Loads of fun.
These are the best if you need them for a eraseble black board that work very very well grate color and I got a small box of thin colored ones as well easy to remove with a wet or damp towel. They shine work grate and good quality!! Would buy more!! Thanks for a great product......
These say erase able. Theyre not! Theyre WASHABLE. You have to wash them off and they stained my sons whiteboard. They would be good for windows possibly.  Not good for whiteboard art.
"Markers were bought for grandkids, they use everyday and loves them. My granddaughter likes that she can create personalize items by writing on cups and ceramic items.  Great product, will definitely order more in the future."
Overall very pleased.  Only thing that surprised me (maybe I just missed it in the description) is that the 6 metallic markers are NOT chalk markers (just normal acid-free markers).
Runs out of ink too fast!
Didn't work on my blackboard.
Been looking for these chalk markers for months.  They are great!! Thanks!
Colors are great and markers work wonderfully....but don't want to wipe off the chalk board...
Really great markers! The color is fantastic
The colors are great and they flow smoothly!
Love the metallic colors
Awesome deal !! Great for crafts. Easy for kids and adults to use. Thanks for all the tips and tricks!!
"I am editing my review because I'm impressed with the seller communication.  They sent an email after item was received to check on my satisfaction, I let them know I was disappointed in the metallic markers and they (without my asking) refunded my item.  I was happy with the regular pink one- and think those will work fine- just the metallic needed some work to be able to erase, hopefully as seller said ""it was a bad batch"" only.

I am super disappointed by the METALLIC pens it came with, which was the only reason I bought this set . They are VERY hard to get off of your chalkboard. I only used the pink in the regular color and that came off just fine- but I had to use a dry sponge to basically kind of sand off the metallic colors. I have used the chalk markers on this chalkboard for coming up on a year and never found any to be so hard to remove."
Love these markers so far.  They work great and as I was hoping.  The colors are very nice and the bonus metallic colors are very neat.
The markers are wonderful and work great.
These chalk pens write beautifully BUT they don't erase!! I scrubbed so hard and it barely even faded.  I tried the metallic ones and the regular ones...none erase! So frustrating.
Love them!  Much easier than chalk and can be used on so many different surfaces without the dusty mess. The cares about customers and that you are satisfied with product. Very pleased will definitely be ordering more colors from them  . Nothing negative to say about company or product line
Beautiful colors and a great price! Would buy again. We use on our windows. Difficult to get flowing in the beginning but worth it!
"I purchased the earth color series which there weren't a lot of photos of so I attached one. Very pretty colors that go on smooth & bold. With solution, the color came off my chalkboard easily. My only disappointment was that there was no pink and the cap colors are a little deceiving; example, peach (I thought was pink) and blood orange (has a burgandy cap - weird)."
Work like a dream
Beautiful colors! Easy use and wash off!!
Awesome markers!  So happy with the boldness of the color!  Great value
I am satisfied with those markers which are vibrant and erasable
Very vibrant colors on my black dry erase board! I will defiantly order again. My only complaint would be my box was a little messed up. No big deal since there was no damage to the product.
"I like using black chalk paper.  I use it for parties, and holidays for runners and tablecloths and I love to draw snowflakes and hearts and stuff all over them.  I have had chalk markers before.  I have purchased them in holiday colors and in packages and singly, and you pretty much get one use out of them and they dry out, or they dry out before you are finished using them.  These came highly rated and i can see why.  I drew snowflakes and stars on my black chalk paper tablecloth in the white and the metallics and it was beautiful!!  And they just kept drawing.............. I haven't tested them after having them sit unused for a while, but they sure were an improvement on my previous chalk marker purchases."
"Overall good product. Works like a ""paint pen"", except for the metallic markers. Those work  like you would expect. The markers are wet clean up, meaning a paper towel and a small bit of tap water will do the trick. Comes off easily with just the water.

Will likely order again when these run out."
Good quality.  Easy to erase.  Long lasting.
Bought the chalkola markers for my granddaughter for Christmas she loves them. They write smoothly on her new chalkboard and dry erase board. Would definitely recommend them.
Only wish they were a little narrower (fine tip).
"The Markers are awesome!  We got a roll of chalkboard for my daughters room and she has been writing notes to herself, and us, every day since Christmas in multiple colours!
They work fantastic and erase perfectly!  Thanks for a great product!  We will, for sure, buy another set when these run out!"
Beautiful bright colors ! The kids can easily clean off & start over !
Worked great. I wish I could order additional specific colors such as more red chalk/ pens.
Haven't gotten to use them yet but I can't wait to start working on wedding signs!!
"I used these markers for a window decorating contest and for the most part was satisfied with them. They didn't work as well as I hoped they would on a large surface. In the attached picture I was only able to do the bottom half of Santa and one arm, the airplane, the dolly, the elf and the spotted elephant.

I was also a little disappointed by how small the extra 6 markers were but they still work very well."
"I bought these for a chalkboard menu from Sur La Table. I left the menu up for week, then tried to wipe it off with both water and windex. Neither took it off completely. It was still very visible. Had to use nail polish remover."
Great price for the product
Received them quick and are awesome-did a chalkboard for a 1st birthday!!
Great colors.  A little difficult to wipe off.  Overall very good.
"Quick shipping, bright colors, good markers."
"I bought these markers to use on a black dry erase board.  The markers are bright and vivid, and easy to remove using either a dry eraser or a damp cloth.  You can also use them on other non-porous surfaces, like mirrors and windows.  Be sure to follow the directions to get the ink flowing.  Highly recommend the markers!"
Love Love Love !!!  Bright and what I expected !!
Super bright and dries fast! Absolutely adore this product. The company is super nice too. They make sure everything you get is up to your standards. Will buy from again! :)
Work great - exactly what I was looking for
love the porduct. Came just in time for me to write festive messages.
Great quality & price!  They show up on my chalkboard really well.
rest of the pen worked well!  however for some reason the gold pen did not come off the chalkboard!
Love them!
They work great!  Thank You!
These markers are pretty and easy to use!
Doesn't come off chalkboard using wet cloth or glass cleaner. Ruined chalkboard. Tested prior to use and it came off right away. Didn't come off after it dried.
Great set! Loved the colors and super fast shipping!
I'm using these to label reusable food containers in my freezer.  They work great!
Awesome! Exactly what I needed
Loved these to decorate rocks and other things!
"The colors are great and super vibrant; however, they do not erase very well. I tried water and Windex as the box says and my chalkboard is completely stained. It was even a very smooth surface."
"While the ""regular"" markers work fine, the ""metallic"" have stained my brand new board and will not erase. I had marked my board last week with the ""regular"" markers, and just yesterday added a highlight with the ""metallic"". This morning I went to change things and the ""regular"" markings came right off. The ""metallic"" however have stained the board and now rendered it unusable."
The chalk markers are good. The only issue is with having to scrub it off of the chalk wall.
Some of the markers were on the dryed out side
Bought these to color pumpkins and they work great!! Shipped quickly and as promised.
Love these markers! They were just what I needed to get the job done.
"These chalk markers are wonderful!  I purchased them for my grandson, but it appears that his mother has abscounded with them!  I think she will share!  Thank you Chalkola!  Great product!"
"I am not only impressed with this product, but the customer service is exceptional!!!  I am using these for a Sunday school activity.  The children are painting the nativity on ""story rocks"".  I wanted to use something other than messy paint.  These markers were recommended.  I ordered them, and immediately received an email about if I had any questions about them.  I did.  I needed to find a way to make them more permanent.  So, I decided to ask the customer representative by responding to his email.  He got back to me quickly and recommended I use a light coat of hairspray!  And it worked!!  Then I needed and hoped to purchase some additional white markers separately, so I sent another email.  Again, I received a fast response that indeed I could, and I was given the link!!  This correspondence and care saved me from a lot of research time on my own."
I ordered these specifically for the metallic markers.  They were dried out and I am not able to use them.
One of the metallic markers arrived already dried up and not working.
Great product. Easy to use. The colors are bright.
"so far so good was very hesitant about buying the markers as I haven't had the best of luck with chalk markers. A set I bought at Michael's you couldn't see or hardly worked. A pack I purchased on Amazon same thing hardly could see, or didn't work great and didn't erase well. The magic eraser tip was great takes it right off with or with out water on it. They are bright which I love. I use on magnetic menu planner and calendar sets I have on fridge. i love them so happy I took the risk 1 more time and got these."
I bought two other brands of markers in the past and those were too dark.  I love the vibrancy and the brightness of these markers.
"Love love love these. The kids and I love these markers. Gives the kids a chance to decorate their windows for the holidays and I don't have to worry about clean up. They easily wipe right off. Have used them on the oven door, microwave and fridge also without any issues."
Its great just what i was looking for
"I love these chalk markers for writing my monthly calendars (I have a black chalkboard style setup). The metallic markers are my absolute favorite! They show up so bright and shiny! For the price, it can't be beaten!"
They r awesome !
I absolutely adore the chalk markers but the metallic markers are still supposed to be able to be used on white boards I thought and they do not erase well.
They are going to be a gift for our granddaughter and her new dry erase/chalk board.  I'm sure she'll love the colors
"Arrived quickly,but the green metallic chalk marker is dried out,and does not work."
Great product.  Vibrant colors.  Worked wonderfully on my mini chalk board we decorated for an event.  I gave them to my children after to play with them and it occupied their attention for a long time.  The metallic colors are super cool.  I found the price very reasonable for the amount of markers I got.
"These are the best chalk markers!! I just ordered my second box of markers, the first box lasted a year!! Definitely will buy again!!!"
"This item is a Christmas gift. Although I haven't tried it, I'm sure she will love it."
"An amazing product -- these markers are heads and shoulders above other similar products (I know, I tried others). I have a black-glass whiteboard and the Chalk Ola markers are ideal for showcasing my most important tasks. I also have to mention that the service was excellent -- the markers arrived before the expected time. This pack also includes slender metallic markers that are great for carrying around to events. Thank you to this vendor for the fantastic products and service."
ART
nice colors and smooth application.
Received yesterday two of the markers did  not work. One metallic and one regular. Had to check all of them to see if they worked.
"These work great, very happy."
Great product at lowest price researched!
"Super great value, delivery took a bit of time, perhaps it was on special.  Worth the wait!"
Amazing product! The chalk markers have great vibrant color and write wonderfully! They make the chalkboard pop! The metallic markers are beautiful and write awesome!! I would recommend these markers to anyone!
"I was really excited to find metallic chalk pens so I ordered this set. The regular pens seem to work fine, but the metallic pens are pretty pathetic. They are small, won't last longer than one or two uses probably, and are hard to see...."
"ChalkOla Chalk Markers & Metallic Colors - Excellent product for working on polymer clay (and based on the quality of these markers, I would venture to say they will be just as wonderful on other mediums). I purchased these solely based on a video using them by a extremely talented  polymer clay artist whose final creation using them was fabulous. Based on her use of the ChalkOla Markers, I knew the quality must be of the highest standard, and that was the basis for my purchase with confidence, for which I was not disappointed. Wonderful personal attention customer service by Anuj, the ChalkOLa company founder was an added bonus!"
"These are fantastic. I use them on a black whiteboard, and the colors are vibrant and strong."
"I LOVE these markers. I am using them in my classroom to make attention grabbing messages on the white board for my students. The colors are vivid and writing lines are clean and crisp. I like the overall  look. I also use them to write over laminated charts. I like that the ink stays in place, even if I accidentally brush against it, but comes off easily when I need to erase. The price is about the same as dry erase markers, but not as easy to use if I need to write on the board as I teach. Just began using the markers, so I do not know what the life expectancy is, but I do plan on purchasing more."
"I use Chalkboard Markers daily at work to write our specials on a chalkboard.  I hate the feeling of chalk on my fingers, so I've been experimenting with different brands of markers.  This is the 3rd different set I've tried, and they are the by far the best.  Every marker works; unlike other brands,  there were no duds in this box.  The colors are bright.  Hopefully they last long!"
"I had bought a different brand a couple of years ago and two of the markers never worked well. I bought this brand because it was the top rated by other purchasers.  They are great.  I primarily use them for my kids' back to school boards.  They were easy to get started and glided nicely.  When I made a mistake, they were easy to erase and start over."
Great colors but when left on the chalkboard it doesn't come off so I won't be able to use instead of chalk.
"Quality is outstanding.  More colors than one usually gets in this package.  I especially like the ""+6"" colors.  Great for extra special art designs."
Nice vibrant colors!!
Easy to use!! Very bright colors!! Easy to erase!! Love these chalk markers!!!
"I am a teacher and I use large swaths of chalkboard contact paper to handle posting of a week's worth of assignments for two different classes. These chalk markers are awesome. They write smooth, the colors are vibrant, and I can even use them to label plastic boxes and containers that I use to prepare labs, store graph paper, and generally have fun with. They were shipped immediately and I love them!"
By far our most favorite Chalk Markers ever. Great colors smooth flow if you craft with Chalk Markers you won't be disappointed.
I made a couple of yard signs with these markers and they work wonderfully.  I painted my boards with chalkboard paint first.
Does not erase form pottery barn chalk boards. It ruins them
"Nice bright vivid chalk markers.
But to be clear, the metallic markers aren't chalk, they're just markers."
Worked great cleans up great will def. be buying more! Used on chalk wall with no problems white left a little residue but wiped a little coke on it and it came right up! The rest of the colors wiped off clean with a damp cloth.
I FREAKIN' LOVE THESE
Overall good product. The markers work well!
"Bright and bold colors. The metalic bonus pack is perfect to add a sheen to my scrapbooks, projects and planner. Works for our white board with no residue left over and no staining. My 7 year old can hold them easy and tips seem pretty kid friendly."
Amazing markers!!! Work perfectly
Adorable and high quality chalk markers. They work excellent and look great on my black labels that I use for storage
Good product  love the idea
"I tried another brand of chalk markers before purchasing these and the difference is definitely noticeable. These markers are easier to use, last longer, and erase easier. They come with the little pack of metallic colors which I like the best. I have some black, blank magnets that I stick on my dog food pins and I use these markers to write on them - food for each dog, supplements, meds, etc. It is pretty handy."
"These chalk markers are great!  They write smooth, easy to start and great colors. Cleanup is a breeze."
These things are awesome! The color is so bold and works really well on my chalkboard!
"I feel like a lot of fluid comes out of these when I'm writing. They run/pool a bit at the bottom of each letter when I write, which leaves me disappointed and seeking a better option overall.  The metallic markers were very light on my black chalkboard."
"I decided to try these after several other brands failed me and I'm really glad I did. These are fantastic. I'm using them to decorate a window on my porch for holidays and seasons. They write on the glass smoothly, don't drip, and are easy to store securely. It's also easy to switch between fine and think as it has a chiseled point that actually works. The colors are vibrant and the metallics work well. I highly recommend them."
"Nice set of chalk markers. The colors aren't all my favorite, but in general good variation. I like that they have different withs for writing. They did leave a residue and I had to use soap and water to clean most of it off although you could still see a slight impression of the writing or else I'd give them 5 stars."
Excellent set of markers! They are very vibrant and will be a great addition to my classroom. My new favorite brand!!
My daughter's last set from another company lasted a couple months. Bought these and so far so good!
"I love these markers, they are so great and I really appreciate how the seller emailed me instructions on how to properly use them. Thank you so much."
"I love using these in the classroom for important items that need to remain up on the board. We have blackboards, so I couldn't use all of the colors because they were too hard to see. They lasted about a year though before two stopped working completely and two others exploded chalk paint while writing. They weren't expensive, so not a huge problem. (Also, at the time I bought these, it was only 10, I did not receive the metallic colors, so I do not know how well they work)"
"Chalk markers worked great!! I'd give them 5 stars but one of my markers was dried out and after shaking another to use it, it leaked all over on me. They worked perfectly for my project though!"
Best Markers ever
"Writes perfect, stays on.  When you first wrote with it, let it set for a minute or two to dry, or it will smudge.  After it is set, it stays--no matter how many kids touch it!  I've used the chalkola chalk markers on re-positionable labels, and put the labels on dollar store bins, IKEA trofast storage for the playroom, etc.  Very happy with these and would buy them again."
Great product.  Highly recommend.
Fast shipping! Great colors can't wait to use
"We use these markers for our menu boards, they are very bright and vibrant! Don't use them on any wet surface it does make the marker stop writing effectively! I am very excited to continue to use these!"
"Beautiful set of 10 jumbo colored chalk pens, and 6 small metallic pens. Quick and bold ink flow. Erased without leaving residue marks."
These are awesome! The chalk markers write so smoothly and the colors are vibrant. They remind me a lot of gel pens. I really liked that there was a small box of metallic markers inside the big chalk markers box. The metallic markers write really nice too. I would definitely recommend these.
"AMAZING! So much prettier and more clean cut that using actually chalk to write/draw/decorate blackboard. Especially if you're into lettering, omgosh forget about it! The colors come out vibrant and just stunning. Really makes things pop! 5-stars for sure! I've been recommending it to friends too! Especially when this item goes on lightning deals!!!"
These are awesome
"I bought these looking for a semi-permanent marker to use for writing on champagne or wine glasses. These ended up being perfect - it was a great selection of colors, to include the metallic ones, very easy application, and did not rub off after giving time to dry. It was also easy to remove the chalk afterwards. They also would look very nice on chalk boards, windows, or other surfaces where you want the writing to stick out. Things that come to mind are restaurant menus, coffee shops, signs outside of bars to name a few. Great product!"
These are very nice for the price!
Love these markers. Flow of ink is exceptional. I was using a different brand before and it was very hard to produce a nice smooth drawing. Would recommend them to everyone!
Excellent markets
"My boss purchased these markers for me to use for event signs on our 3 chalkboards at work. I was SO excited that I would have a great variety of colors! I would have given 5 stars had the white marker not burst after one use. I am not a heavy-handed writer, and did not excessively press down for more ink, so the marker should not have exploded. I am also disappointed that the pink metallic marker is not very bright, and the red ends up looking pink anyway. The light blue marker is the only one that colors in very well, but I make due. I do wish the tips were just a -little- fatter. (Photo attached shows where the marker exploded. :( )"
"love them, they work good"
Love these! Bright vivid colors easy to clean
"Great colors!
Only problem I had with this was that it was very hard to get off of a DIY chalkboard paint surface.
Took a lot of scrubbing."
As described and fast shipping! Thank you!
Only a few of my markers were usable. You can't actually see most of these colors on the chalkboard.
"Love the colors, but daughter has had a problem with getting some of them off of her chalkboard."
These are fantastic.  They write VIVIDLY on a black dry erase.  My only complaint is that they are SO VIVID they can be persistent and take elbow grease to erase.  I'll take it.  The competition pales (literally) and can't read their 'neon' on black dry erase.  It's like neon chalk markers on a black chalkboard - without the dust!  Writing grocery lists during the week has never been as fun.
They work great and the metallic colors are wonderful.
We use these on our blackboard for all our special events happening each week. We also use the markers to write in the name of our arriving guests. Good bright colors and good adhesion to the board.
Excellent Product!
Semi permanent. Take testing the markers out Seriously.  Makes vibrant colors. Great for plastic backlit menu signs. Goes on and erases great.. not so good on chalkboards or chalk paper when it comes to erasing But looks great. We just keep refinishing the chalkboard with new paper.
"These markers are beautiful colors and write smooth and opaque on my chalkboard fridge. Compared to many other brands, they are easy to remove from non-porous surfaces. The metallic inks are a nice addition and spice up a standard illustration or doodle. Love these!"
"I have received my Chalkola Markers and just used a few of them for the first time yesterday.
They are FANTASTIC!!!!!  I'm not exaggerating.  I have tried the Expo Neon markers and the UBrands Liquid chalk markers and they don't even come close to the quality and vibrancy of these markers.  I love them so much, I was hesitant to use them because I didn't want to ""use them up"". I use them on a black dry erase board in my house in order to keep my family organized.  They are so much easier to read.  I wasn't 100% happy with my black dry erase board before because I felt like it was hard to read at times, like in dim light or when there was a glare from the sun shining in the window.  Now, there is no issue at all, ever, and I love my black board again.  The marker ink looks like it is glowing!  I love these markers!"
"Used on my dry erase message board decal.
to use is annoying but follow instructions"
Very bright and nice colors. A little thick but good for large labels. Brown is a little hard to see against the black. Takes a while in the beginning to get the ink out. A few did splatter some liquid out. But overall happy with the results. Will see how they last. Some colors were too liquid and just flow off like water without much chalk or color. So I had to take a star off!
I could not be more Happier.....I love them and my Grandkids very much enjoyed them also.....the colors are nice and bright and smooth to draw with ....And they wash off Great.......Please try them ..
"I waited to give my review until after I used and cleaned up the markers multiple times, and I LOVE THEM!!!! The colors are great, love the extra thin markers they included as a bonus as well. The key is that if the writing surface is not smooth you need to erase using a magic erasure. That doesn't mean anything is wrong with the markers, it's just that the color doesn't wipe away as easily. I bought imitation magic erasers and they worked just as well as the brand name."
"The markers are a huge hit with my AP chem peer tutors! In science, we have large black desks and lab benches - perfect surfaces for the markers. My current AP chem students volunteer  as tutors to 1st year chem students. In the past, they've used small dry erase boards or paper. These afford a much larger area for longer problems. Plus, they are fun for the kids!"
"Easy to use, bright beautiful colors. The metallic markers are fun and sparkly to use on paper and with kiddos. Great customer service."
"Firstly let me say that I got these for free but with no obligation to write a good review or anything.  This is the second set of chalk markers I've owned and they are better in every conceivable way (the other being Versa chalk brand).  I was somewhat skeptical at first since I figure how different could they really be then all the other chalk maker offerings out there, but I was pleasantly suprized.  Firstly the packaging was better and more importantly, each marker wasn't individually wrapped which really annoying about the other brand.  Secondly, the colors were better (more primary and less neon) and included colors like black and brown which seem to be often left out of other sets (the 6 metallics were a nice addition too),  Lastly (and this seems like a no-brainer to me) the cap actually fits on the back of the pen which it does not on my other set.  I'm very happy with this products and fully recommend them."
"I always buy holiday gel clings for my grandchildren to decorate my windows...I thought that these chalk markers might be a better, more personal way for them to spruce up the windows for the holidays...and it is.  They love making their own holiday designs and working together on the decorations.  The only thing is that after the holiday is over, we clean the windows and their artwork is gone...Lots of fun!"
I used these to do a one year old milestone chalkboard for my granddaughter. These were perfect no smudging and very nice tips for writing
These were the PERFECT markers for school crafts! For Valentine's Day my daughter's class decorated little flower pots and heart flowers. These markers were absolutely ideal for decorating the clay pots. The colors were extremely vibrant! And the fact that the markers were water based and acid free was a huge plus for all the children. I would highly recommend these for crafts of any kind.
Dark colors work wonderfully our light board. Dark colors are hard tho find.
"I love how vibrant the chalk colors appear on cardboard, glass and metal. Although my absolute favorite are metallic chalk markers. Great for writting it has easy flowing writing. No need to keep shaking it just to keep ink flowing. Which means you'll have neater flawless artwork. Just wish they made these in permanent ink for hundreds of other ideas I can use"
My grandchildren decorated a glass sliding door with these markers!  There is no odor to worry about.  I was able to wipe off their drawings when they wanted to draw something else.  Very pleased !!!
"We love the product! Both regular and metallic. They are easy to use and
clean, and easier to wipe than I expected. Your company has created a great
product, please keep up the good work and good luck!"
These colors are bright and vibrant! My daughter has a chalkboard wall in her room and it's so nice not having chalk dust all over everything! THe price is great!
"Very brilliant colors.  Easy to use.  Highly recommend this product because you get 2 types of finishing.  Also, easy to blend colors."
Great! Thanks!
"These markers have been used to write on large windows.  The ""chalkiness"" of the marker makes it so that these can be read on clear glass far better than your typical dry-erase marker.  The smaller metallic are great for writing in smaller fonts where the big markers make a bold statement over larger areas.  Overall, these markers are meeting the needs of my purchase.

The original review was for a product that was perhaps defective.  In that review, the markers were difficult to use and quickly dried up.  The company reached out to me and has satisfied the original needs of the purchase prompting my update.

Original Review:
I was really looking forward to this.  I have huge glass doors that I was going to do some writing on and the green pen made it through about 80% of an 8"" G before it refused to do any more work.  I put the marker away and gave up on that plan.  Unfortunate. I really can't imagine why this product has such a high review."
"This product should be on everyone's baby registry!
We have 4 kids and we use these. to accurately mark the clothing bins for storage.
Someday, when they are grown, I can use the bins for something else and they won't be marred by ugly permanent marker."
"We purchased chalk board pant and some other supplies for our daughter for her birthday. She purchased her 1st home this past summer and has been wanting to have a chalkboard wall in her entry for friends to write on. A fun way to have memories of her friends and guests. She was so excited but after all of the work and expense that went in to the wall it all had to be redone due to these markers. All of the other products that we purchased worked great however, these markers would not erase and actually destroyed the chalkboard paint.

DO NOT BUY unless you are planning on using them on windows or glass."
ChalkOla is my NEW FAVORITE store for all these chalk :)  I LOVE these markers and the extremely nice email from Anuj with tips & tricks made it even better!
We  the markers.  Great for patio windows.
These markers take lots of patience to use.
"These markets were just ok for me. I used this to make my sons' first year chalk board sign. It shows too much streak.

Update: 6.8.18
Seller contacted and offer a refund. They were very accommodating! 5 stars for that!"
Love them! Easy to remove too!
I love these markers!! I had another set previously and these were so much better. The flow of color was nice and consistent making my writing look so much cleaner. Highly recommend!
I like the bright colors.  Fun to use and erase with no trace if using a wet cloth.
Bright colors with a smooth flow of chalk.
Work only okay ... want the color to be more vibrant on our restaurant chalk board. We have to double or triple up on the writing to make it show up.
The colors are vibrant and glide on the board. This was a gift for my mom along with a tabletop chalk board. It was a hit!
Just what I was looking for. Love them!!!
Fast shipping!  I can't wait to play around with them!  Thank you!
"Easy to use, great follow up directions, and bright colors.  Love the metallcs as well..  Enthusiastic two  thumbs up"
Awesome markers! I bought them for my 9 yr old daughter for christmas. I gave her a medium size chalkboard and a book of chalk fonts to practice. The markers erase easily and provide hours of creativity!!
"These wet erase markers are everything they're advertised as. Bold, bright, and vibrant.  Works great adding a personal touch to the glass on a photo frame.

The metallic markers were an unexpected bonus and largely wrote / handled as expected.  The red metallic is a bit pale and comes out more as a pink silver than proper red (for reference, the actual pink metallic is a HOT pink metallic).  I ended up using the metallic markers on my project (a Christmas gift) and was very pleased with the blue particularly.

Overall the markers (and the marks they make) seem durable and resilient enough to go on gifts or anywhere else that you'd like the marks to remain essentially permanent, without the added fear of a truly permanent marker, and with the added bonus of being opaque marks designed to go on clear surfaces.  I would definitely purchase these again for marking any kind of glass surface."
These markers actually worked on my DIY painted chalkboard where other markers did not.  The metallic extra ones did not work on my board but  are pretty on paper.
"I was super excited to receive this for Christmas!  I have already broken into them and I LOVE THEM!!  These markers are a larger tip, so nothing fine.  They go on super nice and dry to a really pretty chalky color.  I would highly recommend these if you are planning on are larger projects or one to two lines on a label for a canister or jar.  I have used the blue, red and orange colors so far and love each one!!"
This is a gift.
Worked great for snow cone stand menu and daily special board.
"Customer service is great. Vendor follows up with instructions and to make sure everything is ""ok"". Cool colors and packaging. It takes a few minutes to get the pack of markers started- you have to shake and then push down tip several times to get ink to flow. There are 16 markers so this took a few minutes but once you do it, you are all set for future uses and can enjoy pretty, metallic colors :)"
Awesome Markers!
Love these markers.  They are bright and bold on my glass erase board.  Highly recommended!
"We bought these chalk markers for one purpose, which was to write on black latex balloons for a birthday party. They worked great for this purpose and we were glad to have made the purchase. After using them for the party, we tested out each color on a blackboard. The ""ordinary"" colors worked great and erased with the use of a simple damp rag. The metallic colors, however, were not so great. They didn't show up well on the black surface and would not easily erase with the wet rag. After applying window cleaner and forced pressure, we were able to rub the ""chalk"" off the blackboard. We won't be using the metallic markers in the future on the blackboard in our homeschooling classroom. The others, however, are proving quite useful in place of chalk. I have rated this box of markers 4 stars out of 5 because of the nuisance in using the metallic markers. I would rate the remaining markers a 5 out of 5."
"great markers, but do not fully wash off of the chalkboard surface."
Vibrant markers. Be aware that these do not come off easily. Try magic erasers
"<div id=""video-block-R1Q193110AUTVT"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1ch7fyfidS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81NmCMV8PqS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;&nbsp;These markers are top notch quality. I had used a few different brands before these markers and I am never going back. I mean the other brands don't even come close to the quality and color vibrancy of these markers. The 5.5 mm bullet tip is perfect for writing on the board. The small markers give you a great deal of control and the metallic ones are amazing
These markers are the only Chalk Markers you will Ever need. They are easy to wipe off with a squirt of water and a napkin, no more scrubbing to get the color out. I have had to use so many Mr. Clean erasers in the past to get the chalk off.

 I am extremely happy with the brand and I did a small video review on them if you are interested.

[...]"
"These work ok for writing, but getting the chalk flow to come out consistently takes a bit of work. The colors are pretty, but they don't write as effortlessly as I would have hoped."
Worked very well on chalkboard . The neons are a very nice addition.
Loved them. They were just what I needed.
"So.  Had thought it would be a good idea to be able to list what was ready to eat in the refrigerator.  Got one of those wipe off self-stick plastic blackboard-y things.  Ordered these.  Had a plan. There is now an exquisitely detailed scene of mythical winged beasts & planets on my refrigerator.  Don't have the heart to erase it. The colors are absolutely beautiful; they wipe cleanly & easily. The company e-mails you before AND after the purchase.  My recommendation? Order several sets from the get-go and reconcile yourself to the inevitability of these bringing out EVERYbody's inner Matisse.  (If, of course, Matisse had been given to portraying dragons, griffins & exploding solar systems)."
Awesome product
Love the colors!
"These folks are WONDERFUL to do business with! They make SURE you're happy with your purchase! And why wouldn't you be happy with your purchase?  These chalk markers are AMAZING!! Bright and Vibrant colors, and (once primed) glide on the surface smoothly and effortlessly!  I will definitely be buying more from these folks when my markers run out!"
We love these chalk markers at the daycare. They are super vibrant and last a long time!!
Awesome markers! Planning on decorating window for Christmas
Nice color and very easy to use.
"These chalk markers are a great change from regular chalk. No more residue all over your hands, your kids hands, your clothes and for us our black dog! They increase your artistic skills compared to writing with chalk. The colors on thr driveway are more vibrant so my daughter loves using them!"
"Not what I was expecting, I keep needing to push the tip down to bring the fluid down."
These are awesome.  I use them almost daily.  To remove you must use something like Windex.  I really am amazed by how great the work!
"In looking for something to use on glass for the family to share thoughts and schedules, this came up as an option. They are working very well and are appreciated by all!"
"While at first, the markers were running as they should with the ink, I had a bit of an issue getting the right flow...HOWEVER, they're designed to flow and once I got the hang of it, they were PHENOMENAL!!!!  I managed to impress my Director and Assistant Superintendent on some chalk art work on a wooden box for my work place!  Thank's so much for this wonderful product, as I truly recommend it.  Smudging and dabbing the paint before it dries yields a great misty, cloudy effect to incorporate into your art!"
"I was waiting to write my review until I could get my son to draw something cool so I could post a picture of it. It has been over a week and he hasn't done it yet, so I will write my review without his picture. I tried out the markers and I really like them. The colors are far better than another set that I had purchased some time back. I found these to be brighter and they color better, without having to press the tip to bring down the color as much as the other set. I love the reversible tips, so I can decide whether I want to use the round end or the flat, slanted end. It allows for more creativity. The metallic markers already have the color out to the tip, like a regular marker, so there was no shaking and pressing the tip to bring down the colors. I colored a bit with those and found them to color very nicely, even on the box it came in, which was a bit waxy. That was pretty remarkable in itself. I have never found anything else that would write on a waxy box that well. I was going to give these to my grand-children to play with, but after trying them out, I decided to keep them for my own projects. I buy things for them all of the time. Once in a while I keep something for myself."
Great product and the new metallic edition are a lot of fun to use. Great I'd you want to draw on Windows.
"These are fantastic! So much fun! They do everything advertised and more. (provided you follow instructions) I tried it on, both, porous and non-porous too. I like the way it has ''ghosting"" on the porous stuff...it's just a different look. (remember that it's permanent on porous material, but guess what? It even erased on some paper for me with a damp sponge)  Eco friendly, Non Toxic, Xylene Free, Odor Free? What more do you want? Well, add dust free too and the the ease of wiping off. Those fluorescent colors? Fun, fun, fun..... I can't wait to ""play"" with this set. I'm an artist and I'll find many uses for these. Thank you Chalkola. Keep up the good work."
"These work really well and the color comes out nice and vivid.  Just don't make a mistake, because they don't erase well.  On some chalkboards, it will never come off, so check before you use."
These are super cool!  No more chalk dust everywhere and no more messy hands!
Great color.  They go on very smooth - no skipping.  Love them!!!
"Gave two stars because the color is rich and markers worked fine. But it definitely stains your chalkboard. I've tried everything to get this off. Water, Windex, Rubbing Alcohol, even Coke (thanks Pinterest). Sadly, I will have to repaint the wall. Next time I will just use good old fashioned chalk."
very interesting product. Love the colors and ease of use
Great product! Love the colors! I am using to write names in  cups for a party
"These markers are very smooth on dry erase surfaces. I haven't tried to use them on windows or any other non-porous surface, but for dry erase surfaces they work extremely well."
These work really well! Even my 5 year old daughter can use them easily.
Can't say enough good things about these markers. They are just perfect! The metallic ones it came with. I can't tell if they are chalk or not. I think they are. But that information just didn't seem to be there.
"Great chalk markers! Love these. Used them to create a sign for my girls party and they were so easy to use. Also wiped off easily after. Tips seemed large but I was able to get nice lines. Very bold color, not see through."
My daughter uses these. She has a chalkboard wall and they work well. She tells me they take awhile to get started. You can also remove the tip and use it as splatter.
"exactly as advertised, works wonderfully on my mirrors!"
going to give them as a gift-very happy with :)
"Great product, love it!"
"I love these markers!  I have chalkboard's around the house, and these markers work great on all of them.  They are easily removed when I want to change the message, with a simple wipe with a wet cloth!  The colors are bright and beautiful!  I would recommend these markers to my family and friends, and would purchase them again in the future."
Fantastic product! I love the metallic look!
"This is the second ChalkOla product we own
The kids like the vivid colors
And I like that they're easy to wipe off
We use ok glass and chalkboard
Works well on paper,
Needs to stand a few seconds to avoid bleeding
What's impressive is their colors
Very bright and vivid
Good variety of selection as well
The pen tip is not primed
Read the instructions carefully
You need to prime the pens
The ink will go to the tip
Then it's ready to go!
Would recommend
The metallic pens are a plus also
Once we run out, in not looking farther
Will just get another set!
:)"
Very nice markers. Beautiful colors
Perfect gift! Kids safe whiteboard markers. My children loved them!
Great markers
"This is my third purchase of Chalk Ola markers, and they're amazing!  The markers are easy to use & gives the right amount of chalk ink; no faint lines & need to retrace!  I purchased this set specifically for the metallic colors (great for the upcoming holiday season :) for some gifts.  I made a mistake on my chalkboard tag, and I was able to wipe it off easily.  The colors are bright, and gives enough of a shine to see the difference from the regular colors.  Definitely pleased with these markers, and I will continue to order Chalk Ola markers."
"So far so good. I wrote on my magnetic chalk board and it looks great and erases just fine. Well see how they do next month when I redo the calendar, which is when other brands seen to crap out."
I love these markers. Worked really well on my chalk board. The colors are vibrant and the metallic markers don't smell bad...that's a first for me. I highly recommend!
"I absolutely love these, and the bonus Metallic markers are a great addition. The colors are bright and vibrant. The markers are so easy to use and come out looking fantastic."
Excelent
Cool
Dont erase on chalk board.  Leaves stain.
Hours of fun for kids
"These are great. I had a problem with one marker not working, and I was sent a whole new set. They are super fun to use on my dry erase board when I want something to stay up for a while."
So fun & actually exciting to use!!!! A truly great product!!! Recommend 100%!!!
nice to have for projects
Bright and easy to use. Love them.
"The box has 10 chalk markers that are thick and exactly what I was expecting.  The bonus 6 are thinner and more like a typical marker.  They ended up both being useful in different ways.  There was PLENTY of ink in them.  I was concerned about them drying out quickly but was pleasantly surprised.  They went on smoothly, dried quickly.  The best part you ask?  They easily came out of clothing!  A little water in a rag removed most of it and a run through the wash completely erased it!  I would definitely recommend these!"
Great product! I will order more.
They don't work consistently. I wouldn't buy these again
Super awesome and write very smoothly!
These are amazing! I love them! So many fun colors and they do exactly what they are meant for!
"These chalk markers worked perfectly for me. I have horrible hand writing and thought it would look worse using these marker on a chalk board. Surprisingly, it actually turned out very nice. You do have to shake them up and get the ink into the top first. I dabbed the excess on magazine I was throwing away. Just to make sure the ink didn't get on anything else. Overall, great markers, easy to use."
I gave these markers as a gift and they were a huge hit! I would definitely recommend them. I was really happy with this order.
Wonderful for window of cars and classrooms. Very smooth and bright colors. Love the varies colors.
"Love these markers! The colors really show up well on my chalkboard wall, ive had others that didn't show up at all against the black but these are bright and effective."
I ordered the Chalkola Markers and received them quickly.  They are perfect for my application - love the vibrant colors!
"Really nice chalk markers, and lots of fun for the kids."
Bright colors and smooth finish. No mess and my students love them!
Bright and vibrant colors. Love the variety
These are so vibrant. They also lasted a long time. My kids drew on everything. I really cannot get over the deep coloring.
"The 10 chalk pens work fine and I was pleased with them, but I'm a little upset because I used the 6 metallic pens to add a pop of color to my all white writing, but I just went to erase with a wet washcloth and the white chalk pen came off, but none of the metallic pens. Lucky my chalkboard is double sided, but I'm still upset."
Colors are very vibrant. Love them !!
great sidewalk art!
"Love these markers. Nice and bright easy to write with once you prime them with the first use. Also love the multiple applications--white board, glass, mirror, plastic, chalkboard. I bought a magnet message board with it and they work great with that. The only drawback is that you have to wipe it off with a wet paper towel and clean off with a dry one. But there's no residue left behind like a white board marker and eraser. So fun I keep looking for new reasons to use them!"
Best markers ever.  Clean easily and work great.  They were shipped timely and packaged correctly.
"UPDATE:  I deleted one star for the metallic markers.  I used them on the same surfaces on which I had used the regular markers.  The regular markers erased perfectly.  The metallic markers DO NOT COME OFF.  I have tried everything, including magic erasers and vinegar as recommended by the seller, but the metallic marker does not come off.

These markers work beautifully!  I haven't used the metallic markers yet, but the ""regular"" markers are fantastic.  The colors are nice and bright, and the chalk ink comes out smooth and is easy to write with.  The ink wipes off easily and completely on the chalkboard surfaces I have used.  I have also tried them on mirrors to write notes to my kids, and they work great for that, too!  This package is a great value with 16 markers."
I am enjoying my writing on my board with these great colors. The metallics are great too. I highly recommend this brand for your chalk markers. They clean up easily.
"I use these on our glass boards at work (or the windows) to keep my sales team competitive. They have worked great, all of the colors are vibrant. The metallics were a nice added bonus!"
These are so cool!!!! The kids and I all love to use them on the windows for various things. 2 thumbs up all around
Bought as a gift
Arrived on time and is exactly as described. Thank you very much.
Awesome markers! I used mine on a dry erase board and I am very happy with them. The colors are bright and beautiful. It erases off easily.
Theses are amazing and I love them. I have been using them and using them and they are great. They are easy to erase and you can jump to the next color with no problem. I usually like the bright colors but I actually like the metallic colors. I let my mom try one and she cannot stop raving about how great it was and when she gave it back I had to give her the information on how to get them and where to find them.
"The colors are bright and attractive.  I actually got them and a ""blackboard"" for my frig to help me stay organized.  I color code the different categories so I can see at a glance what is happening.  I would definitely recommend them and I will buy them again when they run out, which from the size won't be for a long time."
"Easy to use, easy to clean off mirrors, glass and the accidently smudges on white wall."
Cool markers and my daughter loves them.
"Fabulous product, colors are vibrant and alive! Love them!!!"
"nice set. different from other markers on available.

I received a discount for giving my opinion."
"I LOVE  these markers!!! I'm a die hard crafter, and they make crafting so much fun. They give a whole new meaning to the word ""magic marker. They are great to work with, and kids would love them too."
Nice markers! Great service. A set with finer points would be welcome!
These work fantastic. I use a black dry erase board and they show up great! The metallic colors are not as bright and don't wipe off as easy but they are good as well.
Love these liquid calk markers! The extra metallic pens add an extra pizzazz to your chalkboard signs
My grand kids love these markers. That range in age from 2-8 years old.. The two year old has colored on the wall with them and it comes right off with water. The colors are so bright and beautiful. Would strongly recommend these color markers to any one with kids
"Not one of these markers worked, they appear to be old and dried up."
Followed the instructions on how to prime the markers the first time and they worked beautifully.  The metallic are a great bonus!
"This is a repurchase since I used my other set up last school year. The pink is a huge favorite among boys and girls. Vivid colors. Students can't casually remove some letters of a word with their fingers, leaving a mildly profane word in its place. I'm on my second box, and we use them daily in every class. They last as long as should be expected. These are an expensive investment coming from my own money, not the school's allotment to me for supplies.

Some colors take longer to get going initially. It's just the way it is. The seller has implored that I ask any questions about the product, promising that s/he will respond. She or he has not. If you sell a product and you don't know the answer to a customer's inquiry, simply say so. Don't ignore. I've paid close to $40 now for your product. A simple ""I don't know"" is better than silence. I found my answer through the chemistry department at school. I may very well find my next box from one of your competitors. Otherwise, seller is excellent."
"This didn't work out as wonderful as I would have loved it. It was very hard to press down and have the color come out, when it did, it wasn't that pretty unless I worked REALLY hard on it. I used it on the white board and on glass windows for the wedding. Its not a terrible choice."
These chalk markers are so fun.  I love the metallic colored ones.  They are all bold and really eye-catching.  I am planning on using them all year for school projects!
Love them!
"The Chalkola Markers are fabulous!  The colors are so vibrant they look beautiful on the blackboard, they make board look much more interesting."
"This is my third purchase of this pack of markers.  The first two times the markers were amazing.  With vibrant eye-catching colors, I was the envy of my hallway and had several colleagues ask me the brand of these, as well as where to order them.  Unfortunately, this pack is different.  The pink (my favorite color in life) is unusable as it has an extremely weak stream of color, and unreadable on the laminated welcome sign I write on each day.  In addition, the white is very faint as well.  Hopefully it was just a bad batch of coloring that I received, but I am hesitant to purchase again."
"This product was excellent! The chalk markers look beautiful on my chalkboard, way better than chalk does and it's easy to erase!"
"I think these work great. Ive used them a few different times on chalk board signs and they don't dry out or clot. I had one marker that bleed a little too much and caused me to have to redo a word, but it may have been a user error by pushing too hard. Otherwise would recommend. The colors are better than others ive used before also."
"I purchased these chalk markers to use on black paper for a poster in my classroom and they exceeded my expectations. The colors are vibrant and ""pop"" off the dark paper.  You have to prime the markers before its first use by pressing the tip up and down on a surface to get the paint to flow which is how all paint markers are treated before its first use. I also used them on white paper and they work great!  I now prefer using them to regular markers...they are much easier to color with and the results are better....with markers you can see visible coloring lines...not with these chalk markers though. The founder of the Chalkola company contacted me via email to make sure I was pleased with my purchase. In this day, it is refreshing to know there are business owners that stand behind their product. Highly recommended!"
"I've never used chalk markers until I bought these so I don't have anything to compare them to, but for me they worked exactly as expected which is a good thing. I drew and wrote on a chalk board wall so having the pen almost always sideways it still held up pretty good I just had to shake it occasionally. Also the color was beautiful and vibrant. I would recommend these to anyone who wants to venture out in the chalk world."
Excellent for classroom use. Colors are vibrant and my students love using them too!
"Initially these were good. It takes a long time to get the liquid to come out so when you have a classroom it just takes too long. You have to keep pumping the end. The problem is that a year later the ends are frayed and the words don't come out crisp on the black board. For the price, I wish they would have lasted longer. They weren't used that much for these results."
These markers are awesome! They wipe right off plexiglass with water.
I absolutely love theses chalk markers. I'm a teacher and I use them all the time!! They are great great colors and are super easy to use! I really love the matallic colors too!!
"Both my children (who are in 7th grade) really like these chalk markers. We have a chalk board in the kitchen we (well in the past, mainly me)  use for messages, reminders and school scheduling. Shockingly they actually use it now. Their friends love using them too and I've heard them say they are going to tell their parents to get some. I just ordered another set (I have a feeling they are going to be using these ALOT) as well as their neon chalk markers, I highly recommend."
Absolutely love these markers! They were perfect for creating my Son's First Day of Preschool sign! I will use these again and again!
"These are great quality chalkboard markers at a very good price, & the metallic markers are a nice bonus. I've tried them on chalkboard & glass & they write beautifully & are a lot of fun!!"
just as advertised/  Will be great for my granddaughter for Christmas
"I like to write messages on the inside door for reminders or to make someone smile.
These work really good for that and even on my wallpaper blackboard.
Thanks for the discount."
Bright beautiful colors...so easy to work with and fun to play with.
Wife loves them for her arts and crafts projects
These markers are fantastic. I love the bright array  of colors. They wash right off with water and don't smudge like regular chalk. Fun fun fun!
"Bright, smooth, awesome. Cant really say anything bad! Good job!"
Tips are thicker than we hoped but they work fine otherwise
fast shipping with good quality
My daughters will have fun with these.  Pretty colors can't wait to use them.
I love these Markers! I'm hosting a party his weekend and they helped make my signs look so cute! They are so much easier than regular markers too
Excellent!  Great consistency for writing & colors are vibrant.
"Love my chalk markers. Got a pack over a year ago and put them with my craft stuff. Didn't really know what to do with them. In early March we had two Birthdays and I let them pass without using my markers. Late March I pulled them out for a Birthday and now I know exactly what to do with them. I decorated two-gallon glass jars with Happy Birthday Jordan, balloons, confetti and fireworks, birthdate and did it all with the Chalk markers. I put stick balloons from the dollar store and filled the insides with twinkle lights. I also decorated our storm door for the birthday girl. It was a hit. In June I did it again for our four year old. We leave it up for the week and wash it off with water and a paper towel. It will now become a family tradition."
My 5 and 8 year olds love these markers! Very pleased with this product. Easy to clean up! The kids have been using them to paint flagstones and then we add a waterproof sealant to preserve their artwork.
Love them
Works wonderful! Very vibrant colors
Awesome markers!  Love the colors.
Love the markers. So bright
"When the package came, the box was torn and the markers were loose in the envelope. I blame Amazon or UPS for that. Otherwise, these markers are awesome! It took me a minute to figure out how to get the chalk to flow to the marker tip (because the box was all ripped up), but once I did they wrote beautifully on the three different surfaces I tested them out on. I plan to use them with chalkboard vinyl to make a wedding party pallet decoration for my daughter's upcoming nuptials. I think the colors will be perfectly coordinated with her ""Up"" themed party. These markers are fun and easy to use and write very smoothly on many surfaces! Get them for your next craft project!"
So I have painted a couple places in my house with blackboard paint;  and these are great for drawing and having some fun allowing people to write on my walls without damage!  These have been such fun.  Easy to clean and take care of!
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Chalkola-Chalk-Markers-Metallic-Colors-Pack-of-16-chalk-pens-For-Chalkboard-Whiteboard-Window-Labels-Bistro-6mm-Bullet-Tip-with-8-gram-ink/dp/B00PM473TK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Chalkola Chalk Markers & Metallic Colors - Pack of 16 chalk pens - For Chalkboard, Whiteboard, Window, Labels, Bistro - 6mm Bullet Tip with 8 gram ink</a>
I ordered these chalk markers and metallic color markers for my 14 year old son who is autistic.. the colors are very nice and bright. The metallic pens are really nice and he can use them without and problems. The come in six different colors in their own little box. The chalk markers on the other hand are a little harder to start to use. first you have to shake them. it says for about 30 seconds it took about a minute then you have to push down on them to get the ink started to flow... once you use them its fine the really work nice really nice quality nice colors.. there are 10 of these markers of various colors. another downside is once you use them you have to keep them stored in a horizontal position. The wash off with windex and cloth with little effort. received this produced this product free or at a reduced price for my unbiased and fair review."
As a crafter I love trying new mediums....these are perfect for all in flare to my chalkboard
Love these on my white board. Need thinner ones and more colors. The lighter ones do not show up on the board at all.
"Love love love these, it's fun to have another medium for drawings n paintings and awesome to use with the adult colouring books, it adds depth to the picture, easy and forgiving and the markers are excellent quality - especially for the price!  Will definitely be purchasing more.  I'm not usually the type to brag up something but I feel I should since I feel I got more than expected especially since my new projects are better because of having this product.  It has enhanced my skill level and opened new avenues of art!"
"Excellent product. Colors are great, no messy chalk dust."
Received the product quickly and they work great!  I'm so glad to be able to find chalk pens that I can write smaller lettering.  Lots of nice colors.
"I want to love them but all of the chalk ones are dry. I cant get the color to flow at all. I never have and have shaken them.

*edit- got them working w my husbands help. Push felt tip down while shaking vs. Leaving the cap on. Rate now at 4 stars. Instructions should point this out."
Love these things!!!! Colors are so bright and looks so pretty on my chalk board! Ccomes right off with water. I'm very happy with my chalk markers! 
I love them!
Awesome! Works great!!
Fabulous product for my classroom!
"They came fast and worked out great! I made a sidewalk sign for my business to take to an event that was painted with chalkboard paint. Then I had my logo printed and enlarged onto regular paper. I covered the back with graphite, taped it to the board, traced over the outline with pencil, and then followed the lines that showed up on the chalkboard and colored it in with the chalk pens. It turned out really well. So well that my husband will probably use them on the board at his brewery now that he saw how simple it was.

-Monica"
I have bought other chalk markers for my frosted office glass board before and was not pleased with them. These markers write smoothly and are much more vivid - a dream! I also am newly obsessed with the metallic markers and could see myself wanting a whole set of these in the future.
Absolutely love this product. The markers wipe off of my chalkboard just as easy if not easier than regular chalk and barely leave any residue the way typical chalk would.  The chalk markers write so nicely and neatly. Definitely would buy this again
"I am a barista at Starbucks and use them on a daily basis, the metallics don't come off very well and I've been asked to not use the metallics, but the others work well."
They work great!
"All but one (silver) wiped off beautifully with a wet cloth. The silver was permanently etched on to my chalkboard. I recommend testing by using the marker on your board, letting it dry and making sure it wipes off before making the full commitment."
Fun colors.  Work well on chalk boards or windows.
"I got this pack when my current markers started to dry out. These are even better! My old ones had chiseled tips, which sounds good but because you have to press down on their tips to get the chalk to come out, they would fray and lose their edge. These tips are slightly rounded and when you hold them just right, they're capable of large fill and thin lines without fraying the ends. The pigment is good, the colors are bright.

My only complaint is that the metallic markers' pigment is very thin. I won't detract any stars because they feel like a bonus after all the colors that come in this pack."
Great set of markers.  I particularly like the metallic colors.  They are very pretty and have a smaller tip than the others in the set.
so worth buying for projects. works perfectly. got to try them out at discount price for review exchange
Love them.  Work great!
"Theses markers write well. The colors are bold and bright. I hope they last long, but only time will tell. Definitely worth buying. They take a little while to get started. Be patient."
"These markers worked amazing well. Not easily wipped off so they survived transportation without issue, and with a little windex they cleaned right off."
"I used these on a chalkboard, and only had an issue with one of the metallic colors not wiping off. (I wasn't looking to erase what I used these markers for, though) They are very vibrant and easy to use, especially the metallic ones that don't need to be shaken first.  These are a great purchase!"
"Love these on glass/ hard surfaces. The colors are bright and the markers are easy to use. There is no run-off/drips. I use them at work for scheduling and chalk art signs. The only reason these get 4 instead of 5 stars is because they do not come off of chalkboards. They are more like washable paint markers. They leave a residual line/afterglow when you take them off- even if using a harsher cleaner than soap and water. After a few board changes, I end up repainting the board because of the lines. These work really well on dry erase surfaces, mirrors, windows and anything glossy/sealed."
Great product! Metallic markers are a wonderful bonus!! Bright vivid colors and easy to use! Excellent product!
"Smooth writing, easy to prime, colors are great!"
Nice quality and colors.
Excellent markers! Arrived on time!
These are great markers.  Vibrant colors and easy to use.  Highly recommended
"These are seriously great. I have a lot of chalkboards around my house to leave little positive messages or keep track of events. I had to shake mine and press on the tip for quite awhile to get the product to come out, but after that it was really smooth and it wipes away pretty easily. On some of my home made chalk boards I had to use a mr. clean eraser to get all the residue off, but it all came off I can't complain. It's great for those little chalk labels and this isn't going to brush away like regular chalk, you have to use a wet paper towel or wipe to get it off, so if you like to label things like me, handling it won't be an issue it's not just going to wipe off when you touch it. I love using the metallic markers to write on mirrors around my house and white boards. Both of these markers are great for writing on glass and white boards. seriously great product!!!"
I bought these chalk markers for my baby's first birthday chalkboard. The markers write smoothly and have a bold color. They erase easily with a damp towel with water or windex. The pack included metallic markers which add a nice twist. The only tiny downfall is that some of the metallic markers are not as bold as I'd like but with extra layers it's an easy problem to fix.
"Really disappointed. I bought these ""fat"" markers for an outdoor sign but the tips are round and put very little color on the board. They would be fine for and indoor sign viewed close up."
Quick delivery and lots of colors! I look forward to using these for the chalkboard signs at my wedding reception.
"I bought a beautiful metal sign for over $100.  I used this product to write on the non-porous sign.  The sign sits at my front door and I planned to change the sign's message for different holidays and events.  After 1 message, the words won't erase.  I've used water, windex and a magic eraser.  Some colors came off slightly, but there's still a shadow.  Other colors did not come off at all.  I now have an unusable sign and am extremely disappointed.  The colors are beautiful if you need a one time use.  Not what I was looking for or what was advertised on the package."
"Love these! I bought them for a glass panel on my wall. The colors turn out wonderful on the glass. I took a couple photos to try to display how each color comes out. (Silver looks darker in person than in the photo) I also took an after photo to show how well they wipe free of glass with a dry paper towel. For the metallic colors I needed to dampen the paper towel with a small amount of water to remove from the glass.

I'd also like to note: the 10 large markers need to me shaken and repeatedly pressed down on the tips(not too hard, just enough so the felt tip is roughly 4/5ths of the way pressed in!) just like the instructions on the box note. The metallic colors are already ready to go and do not need the tips pressed in."
The makers seem of high quality and write well.  Very happy with this purchase
These are great! The colors of the markers are very vibrant and smooth to write with.
"I have been looking for some chalk markers for a while and finally ordered these. I wish the tips were slightly smaller, but I am not planning to create any masterpieces with these. I will probably use the chalk mostly for word art. Love the range of colors!"
"Lovely bright colored markers! Although, I did receive the wrong pack of markers (ten pack instead of the sixteen pack). I was given a parcial refund, so overall I'm very happy with my purchase!"
I added a piece of glass over my framed chalked board....these markers work great on glass.  I have not tried them on the painted chalkboard. The colors are very vibrant and excellent .  Just what I was needing!
"These are the most reasonably priced chalk markers I could find online that had good reviews. The colors are solid bright and vibrant. The cleanup is easy, it just wipes right off with a wet cloth without leaving any lasting residue. I love these markers!! Customer service is great, they sent a check up email to see how I was liking the product and make sure I was satisfied. Thank you!"
It's good product for kids to draw. My daughter loves it a lot!
These markers are great. Very colorful and easy to wash off.
I love the collection of colors. Bright and vibrant.
Nothing
"Love these markers, especially since they are not permanent!!"
These markers are great. It makes it easier to write on the chalkboard than regular chalk. I do have to use water to wash it off. I comes off nice but a little harder than regular chalk but worth it because it looks so nice.
We just recently turned a desk into a vanity for my pre teen and painted one side with whiteboard paint and the other with chalkboard paint. We opted to test these out on both to see what kind of surfaces we would be able to use them on. The whiteboard surface was great. The colors are very vivid and fun to play with. The number of different colors that come in the pack are awesome and give a wide variety of options to color and design with. Using it on the chalkboard portion was just as amazing except that the colors stood out more vivid on the black background even better than on the whiteboard. We made sure to clean thoroughly with a wet wipe method to be sure they came off completely and had no issues! My daughter is one very happy girl and loves that she can change the design every day if she would like.
"Have been using regular chalk on my chalkboard. These were part of a promotion so thought that I would give them a try. LOVE THEM.
Easy to use and super crisp on my board!"
"These markers are great. Perfectly working, I like how smooth they write. They also work really well for little kids as they are large enough to grip and easy to wipe up! Made sure that they weren't used on porous chalkboard, but otherwise they wipe completely off. Great product!"
Very eas to use.
Love them! They work great!
This is a very interesting product.  They are very much markers but when they dry they are chalk like consistancy.  I wanted to give them a try on my daughters chalk board because I do not like the mess that chalk makes.  These work wonderfully without the mess.  I use vinegar and a paper towel for easy removal.  The markers worked well on dry erase board too.
"Perfect markers. Works well dries up fast, looks like chalk and cleans great!! I've tried. Them on plastic and glass. Perfect solution forr my mason jars!"
Very good quality!
I like the product because it gave me choices and it helped with labeling and organizing.
These are amazing!  The grand kids and I love them!
Great product. Love the colors and the convenient packaging it arrived in. Use this at the snack shop at the baseball field the colors grab people's attention and received a lot of complements.
Colors are beautiful. Wipes off easily. Great buy
"Love, love, love these chalk markers. We as a family use them for hours while we are outside. We have a glass topped table on our deck."
my grandkids love them and they wash off surfaces really good
Lots of fun and easy to use!
"Excellent product, fast shipping!"
Markers worked great and the colors were better than expected.
"I will be using these in my classroom. I did test each marker and all of the markers write with a smooth, solid line. The markings were easily erased."
"The markers come in a reclosable plastic carrier which is convenient for storage or transporting. They say to store them flat, but they have pocket clips on them.

I like that they're child safe and non-toxic. They even list the ingredients, which I don't think Ive seen before. The markers contain Tio 2, titanium dioxide, to provide whiteness and opacity to the pigment. Its widely used in sunscreen and even used in foods and toothpaste. They also say they are low odor. Im sensitive to chemicals and I detected no odor at all.

The instructions say to shake well. I shook each marker 30 - 60 times. Then you have to press the marker tip down repeatedly to quickly get the ink to flow. Four of my markers started quickly and were so wet I needed to roll them lightly, along the edge of the envelope I was using to activate them on, in order to remove the excess paint. Some of the others took over 60 plunges to get the ink to flow and more to get complete coverage of the tip."
I love the bright colors of these markers. They are easy to use too. I have never seen the Metallics anywhere before. It seems like it is a good value.
"I got a huge discount on these if I would leave a review. I love them! They are beautifully pigmented, don't skip, erase wonderfully. I couldn't be happier with this purchase!"
That's a good product and good shipping from Amazon!
Great quality makers. I've had them a couple weeks now and use them frequently. They do not leak and clean up easily. Very satisfied!!!!!
I have ordered these markers twice because they are so wonderful!!!! They are easy to use and look great on chalkboards! I used them for our wedding signs and my friend also used them for hers. I recently ordered them to use on a chalkboard wall at work and they have worked just as well. They also erase very easy with water and a cloth or paper towel.
These markers are awesome!! The colors are vivid and smooth. The bonus metallic markers are awesome as well!
Great product.  My daughter loves them.
"These are awesome! (Except the metallic ones.) They wipe off easily from glass with a dry towel or paper towel. Wiping off chalkboard was a little harder but it still comes off. The metallic ones need a little extra scrubbing or water to get off completely. My kids love these and our coffee table is glass so they were pretty excited. I got these at a discount for an honest review and am really glad I did b/c I wouldn't have tried them or heard about them otherwise.
The metallic ones aren't as bright or as big as the regular colors so I'm not sure how much use those will get.
Editing to add that the metallic ones have ruined our chalkboard and will not come off no matter which cleaning product I use. Yes I got these at a discount but now have to replace our IKEA easel. The regular ones wipe off fine but the metallics should not be in the same package or have the same name."
"These are great markers! The 6 metallic markers work just like markers, you take off the cap and draw. Those have a fine tip, and while I would have liked some different colors (I'm not thrilled with the red and green, just because I don't think I'll use them. I would rather have purple, lighter green, rose gold), they all work great.

The larger markers have a wider tip and you have to shake them first, and then push the tip a few time to get the ink flowing. I did this on a separate piece of paper because I wasn't sure how quickly the ink would come out, but because it was gradual and didn't leave a mess it probably isn't necessary to do this. It sounded like I was shaking spray paint, my husband even asked if I was sure these were markers!

These wipe off very cleanly, I just used a paper towel and I got it wet for a few places where I accidentally got the marker on the designed that was pre-printed on the chalkboard, as it kind of stuck to that. But it was not at all like wiping off regular chalk where the board is never actually clean and leaves a residue. I was thrilled with this! I hate using chalk and never use my tiny little chalkboard because of this, but after using these markers I told my husband I needed a new chalkboard!

I did receive these markers at a discount, but I am not required to leave a positive review, and I only leave positive reviews for products I believe in. I don't know how long these markers last, but I am not a chalk artist or anything like that, so I will just be using them occasionally for fun. They really are fun to use though, and it makes me want to learn how to do chalk art - or at least make cute chalk designs for my home!"
"I ordered these for my three year old, and for my artist wife as well. As I figured, they are already ""competing"" for them. He at least gets to use the chalk markers, but does not even know about the metallic colors yet. Very easy to use, and although they are great for the whiteboard, we also allow our son to use them on windows. Easy to clean off of non porous materials, which can be a challenge with three year olds. Since I am a teacher, I have a large supply of whiteboard cleaners at my disposal, but warm water and soap are just as effective. I would not recommend using them on walls, but to use as recommended so that there are no emergency clean up efforts. I received this product at a discount in return for an honest review."
The colors are just what I was looking for!
"Great price, high quality and love the bonus metallic markers!!"
WOW!!! This pack is amazing! So fun to open and see the bright colors as well as the metallic ones. I am 44 years old and am finding myself doodling on every mirror; my sliding glass doors are covered in Bible verses. Love these!!
"These are amazing! I love the ease to write with them, the color choices and the ease to clean it off after. Perfect."
I love these.  So great for coloring in intricate coloring books which are all the rage!
I couldn't have asked for a better product. I have never seen such amazing quality for chalk markers.
"I wish I could give these 3.5 stars. I love the solid colors so much that I got this package so I could have the metallic markers as well. However, where the bright solids come off of the chalkboard I use easily with a wet cloth, I find that cannot erase the metallic at all. I spent half an hour scrubbing my chalkboard to remove the metallic ink. Granted, this is partially user-error because technically chalkboards are not non-porous and so I shouldn't be using chalk markers on them at all. However, given that the bright flat colors worked well on them, I assumed the metallic would, as well. Disappointed I can't use them on chalkboard surfaces."
"Wish they were a chisel point, but great product."
"Awesome markers. We write with them every day, You are only limited by your imagination!"
We really like how these markers work and that the price for such markers is reasonably priced.
Great chalk markers. Must use on non-porous surfaces. The colors are great!!
"Absolutely LOVE these markers. So far I've used them on a chalkboard, whiteboard, glass door and window and have been nothing but satisfied! Color is vibrant and won't fade or rub off like chalk or dry erase markers. I also had no trouble cleaning off the surfaces with a wet cloth when I wanted too. I had a slight packaging issue when i received them but working with customer service has been very pleasant. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a versatile marker that writes beautifully and is very eye catching."
"These markers work really nicely and for a great price! I was buying a pack of 4 markers at wal-mart that was about 20$ and did not last very long. I work at a bar and use these to advertise on our chalkboards, they are very vibrant and stand out (it is a dark bar so hard to see usually) and have lasted a long time I will continue to buy these in the future"
Doesn't come off of whiteboard easily at all. Not as it claims.
Love it!
"I use these every week and they never let me down.  Very high quality, the colors are vibrant...would definitely purchase again."
Great quality!
"This was exactly what I was looking and hoping for! The colors are all vibrant, great quality, and easy to erase off of chalkboards when a mistake is made.  Nice range of colors.  I ordered these chalk markers for an upcoming bridal shower and it turned out great!"
Love the metallic markers'''
Should have read the reviews. I had to repaint my sons wall...with serveral coats of paint bc these would not erase off the wall.
These have no ruined two of our chalkboards! They do not wash off!!! I have had to reprint both of them just to get it back to black. Would not buy them again!
A pain to get them to write the first time
Great communication!  Fast shipping!!  I have been having fun playing with these markers on some chalkboards I also purchased.  As a finished craft artist these really fit the bill for my chalkboard art.  Will definitely do business again!  Sellers are very willing to work with you if you ever have a problem.  Thanks so much!!
I have looked for chalk markers in my craft stores and In Walmart and Target... They are SO EXPENSIVE and SUCK... These looked promising so I tried them!!! Awesome amount of product and great color choices !!!
"The chalk markers work great! I was expecting the metallic markers to be chalk markers as well, but they are regular markers that would work well on a white dry erase board rather than the black board that we use. I am happy with the product and got my money's worth!!"
"These are easy to use, and the colors are bright and I love the metallic colors that came with the set.  Thank you."
"Bright, rich colors. The best we've found so far."
i love it .... the quality is perfict
These markets are amazing! I love that you get both sets in one convenient package.
"I love them.  Looking forward to creating many fabulous, creative chalkboards with them."
"Fun for my girls. They have made a mural of my patio. They enjoy these so much more than the regular markers. These are also good on paper snd chalkboard items to make notes and such. Im still just so amazed at the artistry my daughter is able to make with these on the concrete. They run across so smoothe and easy for her that she coukd draw forever. It has really sparked the inner artist in her. I like that the color is very vibrant, you don't have to mark over the top to get a bold look liek regular chalk."
Amazing! Chalk markers that actually ERASE! I will be buying many more!
Smooth as silk on my stick on 5x10 whiteboard.  Awesome color.
"I tried out the chalk markers and loved them!  I didn't notice any odor, the ink flowed out nice, and they dried quickly.  I followed the start up instructions exactly to get the pens loaded and it was easy. Love the bright and bold colors.  The metallics looked great too especially the gold and silver.  The box fit everything perfectly had a nice design on it. I chose to buy these markers because the metallic markers were included.  I'm using them to make a chalk board sign for my daughter's first birthday. I saw these signs on Pinterest and Etsy and decided I wanted to create my own."
Loved these markers. I have chalkboard labels and these markers worked beautifully. The colors just pop. Nice big markers. Love them
They are horrible. Don't waist your money.  the color is very watery and looks horrible on chalkboard items.
Great product.  I received these very a very discounted rate to try.  They are fun to play with and create with.  I had one marker that no matter what I do the ink only flows down half the market tip.
I bought this item at a reduced rate for a honest opinion.  They are very cool. Now I have the best labels on my canning jars. Its also fun to use on our family chalk board. My grand kids love the colors. They work well and I would recommend.
I ordered these markets for a project for school.  It worked out better than I imagined.  The chalk markers work great and have nice bright colors.  These markets are great for kids too as they are not messy and write nice.  I would purchase these markets again.
Amazing markers! They write so smoothly and vibrant on the surfaces. Clean up was a breeze except for the red and hot pink. They took a bit more scrubbing but eventually do come off.
I bought these as a birthday gift for my sister and she loves them. I had fun writing on the mirror with them on the first day that we opened them.
We love them. We have a chalkboard door in our kitchen. My daughter uses them to make seasonal themes on it.
I use them on an original black chalkboard.  Great colours that are vibrant on black and wipe off cleanly with a wet cloth.  I love the control you get when writing with them versus writing on a whiteboard or SmartBoard.  I can print neatly again!
"Let me just start off with stating that these markers are so AWESOME!
My sons and I tested them out on our glass balcony door, and they had a blast drawing with them. Not only were they easy to use, they showed up incredibly well (especially considering it was on a clear surface) and they were fun to use. It only took a dry sponge to wipe them off of the surface, so clean up was incredibly easy as well. From my experience so far, Chalkola Chalk Markers are by far the best markers I've ever used. I can't wait to test them out in my Sunday School class this coming up Sunday on the chalkboard. The kids are going to love the bright colors!"
work awesome self explanatory kids love them have done several projects already
Awesome
GREAT PRODUCT .WILL DEFINITELY BUY IT AGAIN FOR MY NEXT GLOW IN THE DARK PARTY
work well for me
"Worst money I ever spent.  Only the white worked past the first usage.  I can hear ink inside the pen, but no matter how much I shake and/or press the tip down nothing comes out."
"I really loved them they are amazing. they write so smooth and
are high pigmented which is great. I like that it has a great selection of
colors for a very good price .will definitely buy again from you guys ."
Bought this for my magnetic metal chalk board. Works good and. Very bright!!
These markers are AWESOME for Windows and mirrors!!! Wipes off easily and is opaque enough to show up bold and bright!
Great Product!
"They are cool, nice colors."
"Vibrant colors with easy flowing application! I will be ordering more color combinations. Well worth it! (5stars)
  That was my review after my 1st purchase. My 2nd purchase was disappointing. The additional metallic pens were all dry upon arrival. As it was a gift, I am left embarrassed"
"These rock! Super bright, very neat, and wash of easy!"
We LOVE our markers! My 3 year old is loving learning to practice writing her letters on the window and my older daughter frequently writes our dinner menu. They have also used them successfully on whiteboards. We were referred by a friend and loved them so much I bought an extra set for my cousin. Great product!
It's good
"I was a little hesitant to use them on my black chalkboard as it was just a cheapy one that I bought years ago, but these markers worked on it and cleaned right off, didn't leave any ghost printing. I had left the markings on the chalkboard for a few days. I have used them on the whiteboard with no problems as well...I just love them!!!"
Those markers are great. We use them on writing on a glass and take came of easily have a nice variety of neon colors and last pretty long. I bought already 4 sets and they dry super fast on different surfaces. Will be buying again when the time comes
I bought these to use on the chalkboard for monthly pics with the baby and they are great! The colors are bright and fun
"Good color and flexible to use on a lot of smooth surfaces, like poured acrylic or epoxy.  I bought them for windows and dry erase boards and they work very well."
A Wonderful Product! I will definitely buy these again.
"I love these markers. I moved into a new office about 6 months ago and there was a window where I wanted to put my white board.  I ordered these markers to use in place of the dry erase markers.  These are opaque so I can see my notes clearly on the clear glass pane even when sitting at my desk (about 10 feet away).  They write smooth and erase easily with either a paper towel or, for big jobs, Windex Wipes.  I sometimes go weeks between uses and I have not had any problems with them drying out. They have lasted much longer than expected. I have filled up a 4"" x 6"" pane of glass with notes multiple times with the same color marker and not run out of chalk.  When my daughter comes into the office, she uses them to draw and doodle on the windows and white board.  My co-workers are jealous and keep asking to borrow them. I am ordering a second set as a back up."
"These are the BEST markers we have found, and believe me, we have tried plenty!  They are brilliant in color and are removed with just water.
We will definitely be using these in our business on a daily basis."
Love them!!!
"Great colors, easy to use. Shake and push down a lot to get the ink going - like all other chalk markers I've used."
I have a hard time buying markers because they are always a bit expensive. These live up to the cost! Great writing style and vibrant colors.
"For anyone looking for some good chalk paint pens, this is NOT the one you want to get. I bought this for my company and we wrote all over our chalkboards with them to advertise new specials, etc. Long story short, we wrote on the chalk boards with the makers and NOTHING, I repeat NOTHING can get this chalk paint off. It says that water will take it off, but we have tried WATER, WINDEX, MULTIPLE DIFFERENT CLEANERS and nothing will get it off. We have even tried scrubbing as hard as we can, and barely anything comes off. My chalk boards are ruined and I am VERY displeased with this company and the product. I even emailed the manufacturer and I got no response back. I would NEVER tell anyone to use this.
Honestly, it scares me that people are planning on using these on windows, cards, etc.
Awful product."
"Excellent seller. The product never came and they were super quick in resenting it out. You have to shake the markers really good to get then to work. Chalk paint can be tricky in general but if you're a crafter or wanna try to be, it's  a great product. Remember, you have to shake it and press the tip to get the chalk flowing."
"Love these markers! I had purchased neon Expo, the trusted name in whiteboard markers for my black glass ""whiteboard"". You could hardly see them and the point was too broad. These stand out and while not fine point there is much more definition and a cleaner line. There is liquid in the marker, you shake it and hear a ball in there. You have to press down on the tip for the ""ink"" to flow. Don't be afraid to push down, it doesn't flatten the tip. The top retracts into the marker and the ink flows into the tip. Once it's there, you just write normally. Don't worry with dry erase eraser, just damp paper towel followed by dry. The eraser just smears it around. For a finer tip, similar product look at Popart fluorescent markers."
"Loved the markers! I was able to follow directions easily for first time use. Haven't cleaned the surface just yet, but hopeful that will be just as easy to do. Planning to have some fun with these on my new chalkboard!"
Do not order these.  Horrible and they do not work
"I have gone through multiple other brands of chalk markers and have not been satisfied.  Either they leaked all over the place or I couldn't get any of the liquid to come out after the first use.  I would shake and shake and shake some more and still nothing!  These have worked AMAZINGLY!  Seriously, I'm in shock how well these work!  After getting the liquid to come down the first time, I have had no problems thereafter.  They write so smoothly, haven't leaked, and I never even have to shake them or pump the tip to get them to work.  The colors are vibrant and work on so many surfaces.  In love!"
I really enjoy these markers. They are fun to use and my boys love the vibrant colors. They love to use them to help them with homework and using them with flash cards. Thank you for such a wonderful product!! My shipment arrived on time and was packed well.
Colors are great and bright! Exactly what I wanted.
Work great on my black wall calendar!
Is it chalk? Is it a marker? Order it and find out!
"Very bright colors, clear instructions, easy to use and clean up (we just used water and a paper towel). We've been using them on a glass door. We bought them for our son, but my husband and I like using them too!"
Excellent markers. Vivid colors. Great shipping speed.
"I love these markers! The colors are vibrant and bold and look great on the new blackboard calendar I put in our mudroom.
Just as great as the markers is the customer service from this company. After receiving the markets I received an email from the company. A personal email!!! They said I could correspond directly with the person who sent in (instead of some automated garbage). I replied saying I loved the markers and asked if they also made any with a finer tip. Imagine my surprise when I got another email back from them saying they were in the process of developing those! I can't wait! I'll be first in line to buy them not only because I like their product but also because I believe in companies with great customer service! Double Win!!"
Great markers with great colors.
You have to really shake these markers to work.
I use them on my rubber stamps! Great colors.
I haven't used the product but I know I will be satisfied. I've had a similar product before and enjoyed so I'm sure I'll enjoy when I put them to use.
Really amazing fun color
Excellent!
"Wonderful, smooth writing and easily cleaned up chalk markers.  Thanks for a great product!"
Perfect for my granddaughter 
"<div id=""video-block-R3UV05DBXCMT13"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1uU18Egn2S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/11zL7xqwCaS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I absolutely LOVE these chalk markers.  By far the best chalk markers I have tried.  They write beautifully and they last a long time.  They are easy to remove from just about any surface too.  I would highly recommend these chalk markers!!"
These are amazing and keep my kids occupied for hours!  The colors are beautiful and they clean up easily.
"Love the markers.  Use them to teach chemistry on whiteboard.  I use Windex to clean the board.
I wish there were a cleaner that dried faster."
"By far, the best quality window chalk markers I have ever come by!  And I have tried them all!  Definitely want more from this company "
They were all dried out and didn't work.
Good quality!
Really what I wanted out of a chalk marker! The colors are really appealing and they draw really well and smooth.
I love these! Colors are bright on my black/ white board. Comes off easily as well.
I have been using these on a small chalk board and can easily erase them with a magic eraser.  So far so good and love the colors!
Works really well on the chalkboard sticker decal that we purchased at the same time.. All bright colors (except the purple is not that easy to see on the black chalkboard).  Easily erased with a multipurpose cleaner
"I love these markers. I use them to leave ""I love you messages"" on my son's mirror. It's a great way to start the day."
"They are hard to get started, but work great."
Great product and great service! Worked as advertised.
Nice markers and easy to clean off glass.
These are great.
"Really vibrant colors!  Markers work well,  and wash off nicely!  Good product!"
These Chalk Markers look fantastic!  Be sure to use the correct calk board with it!
"I love them! Easy to use in every surface chalkboard, fridge, Windows, mirrors... and easy to clean!"
These chalk markers are awesome. The colors are vibrant and the ink flows freely. Follow the directions and u will not be disappointed.
I love these markers.  I used them for a chalkboard for my children's first day of school. They both enjoyed using the different colors on their boards.
"Just what I need for our signs, and so much fun to use!  Love this product!"
These worked great. They took a little bit of time shaking and pressing the tips to get the ink to fill the tip of the marker. The marker stays on nicely. To get off the easiest a wet rag is best.
is it me or they dry up to fast ? The richness in pigments is wonderful you have to hold them for a very long time before they start to write
Wish I had known about these a year ago. They work great. I was interested in the offer of free labels but when accessing Amazon there was no place to put in the code. I was going to be charged for them plus $18 in shipping so I passed.
Great Item & seller
"It takes a few minutes to get the ink running, but once it does the colors are very nice. Goes on easily and best of all, easily cleans up with Windex!"
Love these good quality
Had to individually acrub each pen of glue that cracked open in package
"We are using these all week long to drill multiplication facts with my boys in the family homeschool. They love it! I've not had a single complaint when I said ""math time"" - I created Minecraft themed math cards (free on our website) and laminated them. We set a timer and the boys use the colorful Chalkola Markers to race through their math facts. (The goal is to break their last time score) The laminated cards were wiped clean (no problems with these markers) and placed on a metal ring for the next days use.

I also have had them race up to our sliding glass doors and write out math facts and answers - these markers worked really well and cleaned off the glass with no problems. Next week - we plan to use them for some handwriting practice with my dyslexic son. He needs a variety of writing utensils & mediums to work with.

The vivid colors and size of these markers make them a wonderful addition to our homeschool!
I also have some tags for products to use them on, and some freezer meals as well."
Fantastic!!
Beautiful once you can get the chalk out. Takes lots of shaking before coming out. Can take multiple passes to get coverage. Once on a chalkboard it would not completely wash off. Ruined the board.
I am very pleased with my markers. They are very easy to use. No toxic smell and easy clean up. Bright and beautiful colors! Yeah!!!! Chalkola!!!
We are very impressed with these pens. The colours and lovely and vibrant and work equally well on our whiteboard and blackboard. My 3 year old is enjoying how easy they are to use.
"2/24/16
They're not just chalk in a liquid base.  These liquid chalk markers don't smell (or at least not unless you put your nose in it), they leave no messy residue on smooth hard surfaces, and they have GREAT COLOR.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.

One thing to note.  I originally intended these for use on some 'blackboard' backed MDF I picked up at the home improvement store, and not actual chalk board or glass board.  The material is not as durable and slightly porous (I would guess) and bright colors, White and yellow, do not fully erase from this finished MDF.  If this is what you intend them for, be warned.  But since they are not explicitly advertised to work with this material, I can't complain.

Pros:
-Great colors
-No smell
-Strongly visible mark
-Easy removal
-No dust

Cons:
-If you're lazy, using a damp sponge or rag is annoying
-No satisfying chalkboard sound (I'll live)
-They may dry out... I will update when they do."
I love the markers.
So fun to use and the colors are so vibrant
"Awesome!! I use them on a black glass 'dry erase' board, they look really cool.
Also a nice blend of colors. Would recommend!"
"I love theses markers! They work on a variety of crafts. I also love the colors that come in the package...this is a great all around starter set for all things crafting, wrapping & fun!"
"I like the markers, but still trying to learn to use them."
"If you are searching for THE chalk makers, look no more, because you've found them right here. These write so nice and smooth and are not overly liquid like some chalk markers. Our morning math has become a colorful event on our white boards and our daily schedule no longer gets smudged and smeary from writing in dry erase markers. These markers have beautiful color, too. They have been a fantastic addition to our classroom. I am super please with how well they write. I also have the wider ones and love those, too."
"I really do enjoy these chalk markers. It took a little bit to get them primed, and I had problems with both black markers I recieved. Overall they were not translucent at all and held their color."
"Fantastic item!
I have a 4yr old who loves to draw and colour.....on everything.
She uses these to draw on paper, her desk, the living room windows, her whiteboard, the mirror, empty water bottles, her hands. Washes right off all the stuff Mommy needs to return to its original state. Clothes and the sofa are off limits but in the event she does get some pen marks on her clothes, I do rinse it right away. I am yet to have anything stain. We have two packs of theses and they get played with almost every day.
We did buy a different brand before buying Chalkola and that unfortunately stained anything and everything. Very pleased with Chalkola and will be back for more."
"Hard to remove from chalkboard, be aware."
"Well, they would be great if all the colors worked. I couldn't for the life of me get the orange and the pink colors to work.  Once you finally get the colors to flow they a cool but a lot of work to get the color flowing and not all colors worked. Disappointed overall. Won't purchase again."
Looks great on my classroom chalk board! I've gotten so many compliments on them. Just be sure to wash them off before the end of the day or they will leave a faint stain on the board-- it will still come off but it's much harder to remove after an extended period of time.
Love the product. The kids love it and it is really practical
My daughter loves using these. They clean up nice and the colors are vibrant!
Love these chalk markers! My kids love them too!
Love these markers!
"These are really really cool, and work really well. However, my black marker didn't work at all, which is very disappointing"
The colors are  amazing. I like how they wipe off clean. I will definitely buy them again.
Best Chalk markers I have ever used!!!!
"I love the tips!  They don't squish and lose their shape so your writing is always neat and clean.  The colors are thick, not watery looking. The Mr. Clean eraser tip was awesome since my  chalkboards are actually chalkboard contact paper which is porous.  I have been trying different brands, but I think I have found ""my brand."""
"I love these markers. I use them at work on white boards, glass and the clear plastic blotter on my desk to leave myself quick notes. The color assortment is perfect. I think if I had young children I would cover a closet door with chalk board paint and let them go nuts. Great product."
"Easy to use, cleans up well.  Great colors."
"Here is an absolutely neat product that I used last night from Chalkola. The kids and I made their spaces their own with chalk markers on chalk board non stick labels. Connor dared me to draw a Valentine tree on our big living room window. I did! Chalkola chalk marker worked perfect. My mistakes, which were many cleaned up wonderfully. We had so much fun! These markers are child safe * water based * non-toxic * washes off from cloths * low odor *acid free * xylene free * quick dry * long lasting . I am going to try these chalk markers in my coloring journal with a paint brush next. Do I have to share with the kids? Chalkola is artist quality. This product gave us a new medium to explore with colors."
Love these markers!  They write well and the colors are vivid and clear.  They also erase easily even after being on a surface for several days. My only suggestion would be to give them a working clip--the one on the cap seems to be for show and doesn't actually allow you to clip these to things.
These markers write well and wipe off easily and completely from the chalkboard I purchased.
These work great on chalk and dry erase boards!  My kids love them and the colors are beautiful.
work great on glass and chalkboards!
These markers replace the ones that came with an illuminated board and have done very well. The packaging at first glance is attractive but the markers really pop on the board. They are a little trickier to remove seeing as they are wet erase and the board is electronic but at after a little getting used to its just fine.  Some colors look better than others but overall they work much better than the others I have tried
"I moved to a new office and lost my whiteboard-painted wall.  My new office has a window so I wanted to use it as my whiteboard.  I heard about these markers and ordered them.  They arrived and I was able to write on my window and see what I wrote.  Love the colors.  I was a little surprised that I had to shake and prime the markers, similar to the paint pens I used on the 1980s.  It was easy and totally worth it!!  You should order these markers!"
Very hard to get going the first time. Has to shake them for like 5 minutes each and thought they were broken. Eventually got the ink going and my son loves drawing with these.
These markers were fantastic!!! The colors were vibrant and went on smoothly. I had so much fun drawing on my new chalkboard wall with them.
"I've had chalk markers previously, they didn't work for long and I threw them away.  I like these markers.  Easy to use after a few shakes, vibrant colors, looks good.  I did buy the Mr Clean thingy to erase the chalk markers and it did the job."
"My daughter loves these markers for her black dry erase board. We originally bought some markers from the store that were neon dry erase markers, but they hardly showed up on the board at all. She is super happy to have these markers now. They are very bright neon and look very nice on her board."
These are great for the board we bought. Colors are awesome and it wipes off with wet sponge.
"My 3 and 5-year old kids use these on our front windows at home for ""quiet art time"" and they love them! Even clean up time is fun. They use wet wipes at paper towels."
"Bright colors that erase easily with a wet cloth,much easier to get off than window crayons and brighter than window markers."
They're perfect except we have to always throw out the orange one.  Our university rivals school color is orange.  More purple please!
"clean and neat use, works quite well"
Magnificent!  Wonderful product; wonderful seller.  Fabulous in every way!
The best ever for chalk boards! No more staining or residue left behind! Wipes right off with a wet cloth!
"While these markers do take a bit to prime - about 2-3 minutes, they are incredibly smooth writing and very vibrant in color.  I would recommend these highly at this point."
Love these!!
Very difficult to get the chalk flowing into the tip.
"The chalk markers work great, the colors are bright, and really pop on a black board.  The company that sold them was a pleasure to work with. Would order them again."
These work so well with the YOPO sticky back chalkboard.  No smear and wipes clean with a damp cloth.  Love them!
Bright colors great assortment and very easy to write with.
We don't usually give 5 ratings 4+ is accurate so far. We purchased to write our Scripture verses on our mirrors. We have written on 4 mirrors the words are easy to see. The markers were a little difficult to get going. So far so good though. Let's hope they continue to preform.
We love the colors! They write smoothly except for the orange which isn't quite up to the others. Their service was excellent and the product arrived before the due date! Thanks so much!
Love the chalk markers. Easy to use. Wonderful colors.
Love these!!!!!
"Great color shows up great, however very thick writing. It is not bad but not for me. Would purchase again with smaller point."
These chalk markers are fantastic! They were delivered on time and in perfect condition. I would recommend them.
"Best markers when need to write on plastic black cambros; excellent for our fast-food shop.
Let me just tell you that these Chalk Markers are the best thing for my
fast-food business.  We have a cold well that holds black cambros (which
are just black plastic food service containers).  For the longest time, my
employees and I have been fussing with tape and a magic marker that always
seemed to be misplaced or is always falling off because the tape doesn't
stay.  Ever since I've gotten these Chalk Markers, I've never brought in a
single roll of masking tape or any other marker into my shop.  These Chalk
Markers write very nicely and the colors are bright enough so that the date
and time we write on the cambros show up from afar.  My favorite part about
these Chalk Markers is that when it's time to replace a cambro, the ink
washes off with a single swipe of a food service wipe.  THANK YOU SO
MUCH !!!"
"This product is so cool. We use it on a large street-facing window to draw seasonal/holiday pictures, but I've also used it to leave cute messages on my kid's bathroom mirror for her to see in the morning. The colors are beautiful and vivid...the only one that we can't get to work well is the black one."
Beautiful markers - vibrant and reliable. Good value and prompt service. Highly recommended.
Works as expected
"Love these markers! I can use them on the whiteboard, cabinets, chalkboards, etc. in my classroom. A great addition!"
I love these and they work just as expected!
"Great quality, very bright, ink flows really well."
"Works great, looks great!"
I'm a returning to college student and I bought these to go with some chalkboard labels. They do a great job of helping me organize binders and other odds-and-ends. The variety of colors helps me to color code things too.
"I've used on my chalkboard and windows, love them!"
"These chalk markers are great!  They are easy to prime, write nicely and erase perfectly!  I have a smaller chalkboard calendar that I am using them for so they are a little thicker than I'd like.  Still a great product and worth the investment!"
"Love the markers.  Our 4 year old ""artist"" spent much time creating her masterpiece!  The only problem we had was that the black marker wouldn't work.  We followed the directions but couldn't get the ink to flow.  Finally, we wet the tip.  The ink was ""watery"" but after a while it worked.  It's not as nice as the others but I think we just got a older box or something.  I would have been more concerned if this happened to another color.  To those having problems erasing,..You just have to clean off the board that day.  (the product says it won't erase on porous boards-which most black boards are)"
Didn't work as well as I would have liked
Awesome Markers!  We use them on the chalkboard paint wall in my daughter's bedroom and they are great fun.  Love the bright colors and excellent quality!
It's great.  Better than expected.  Writes well and erases cleanly on my new glass black board.
"I have tried many different brands of chalk markers and I have to say that these are by far my most favorite!!! Love them and would absolutely buy them again. Great bold, rich colors!"
"Love these markers. Nice, bright colors, which is what I wanted for my black board. Instructions are easy to follow for priming the markers."
awesome markers!
"Great product for the classroom. I've used them to label boxes of materials for each table, drawers to organize and even on the tables themselves. The students love the color I love the durability of the paint. I'm very pleased with my purchase."
I purchased the markers for my reminder chalkboard and mirror and took one to work for my whiteboard. They worked great on the mirror and whiteboard but left a noticeable stain of what I had written on the chalkboard. The colors are nice and vivid but expensive compared to whiteboard markers that I could have used on the mirror and whiteboard and chalk for my chalkboard.
These chalk markers are AWESOME!!  They write like a dream and erase well with windex and a paper towel.  We put up some chalkboard adhesive backed paper for our 16 yr. old son to keep track of his school assignments - even he likes writing with them :)  Definitely don't hesitate to purchase!!
Bright colors and fluid lines. I will buy these again
"We really love these chalk markers. They are very vibrant and long-lasting. We bought them after seeing a review at www.artforkidshub.com
We've used them on our chalk table and our windows. They clean off easily without leaving any lasting residue. We enjoy adding decorations to our windows."
Love this product!!!
"Great chalk markers!!!! Bought them for my daughter who loves writing on her chalk board with regular chalk. These chalk markers far exceed regular chalk. They show up beautifully, the colors are bright and vivid, and precise writing is a breeze. Clean up is easy as well."
"Love these chalk markers, the colors are great. Wish it was cleaner to flip the tips, but it washes off easily"
these are great.  they even work on my homemade chalkboard
liked it tpok a little time for the ink to at first come out of pen but works well after it gets started
"The markers work great, if they work and once you spend about 5 mins. each to get them started.

All of the markers in my pack worked except for the black one. I attempted to get the ink down for about 15 minutes until I deemed it a dud.

I had to hunt down contact information for their customer service department and finally was able to reach them through their Facebook by sending them a message.  There wasn't any sort of contact information listed on their website and it wasn't easy to find.  I finally received a response after several days, and have sent them several messages and still have not been able to resolve my defective product, and the most recent one they still haven't replied back to, even though it shows they looked at it about a month ago.  They have not offered any sort of remedy such as me mailing them back the defective marker or set so they can check it out for quality control, or offered to send me a replacement set.

If you purchase this, cross your fingers that your set works or else you will be sorry you didn't pay a bit more and go with a different brand."
These are great markers. We use them on a chalkboard wall. The colors are vibrant and come off easily with water.  For first time use you need to shake for approximately one min.  They also work great on windows.  The company shipped the markers sooner than expected.  They also follow up with an instructional email.  I am happy with my purchase!
"Very nice, high quality chalk markers! Very pleased with this purchase."
"I followed directions on how to shake the marker, etc to get the color to come to the tip. I'm not impressed with these markers. Color is not vibrant....and mine were difficult to work"
"I received a pack of these markers with the encouragement to try them out and see how I liked them. I'm a Creative Lifestyle blogger and often create things out of many mediums. Since chalkboard is all the rave, I had tried many chalkboard pens. I can honestly say that I really love these markers and they have become my favorite ones.

They can write on chalkboard, glass, plastic and really anything else you can think of. The pigments are bright and the results can last a long time. You can also easily wash them off and redecorate your surfaces.

I made calendars on picture frames and they were perfect for this project. I've also used them on DIY chalkboard mugs and other chalkboard surfaces. If you are looking for quality chalkboard markers, invest in these."
very vivid colors; easy to use
Great markers
Love them! Great colors!
"Vibrant colors, easy to use, no mess. Takes a second for the colors to appear but well worth the wait. Seem to last longer than I expected too. Kids have been coloring on the windows for days now."
"These markers are great, but when we first got them, we thought they were all defective and contacted the manufacturer.  Apparently, you have to shake the $h! t out of them vigorously for a ten minutes before any fluid begins to penetrate the marker tip.  Do this before initiating a return!"
"These markers are great!
They are bright and easy to use.
Also arrived on time."
"Chalkola Chalk Markers are big, bold and colorful. They are bright and opaque making them almost glow against a chalkboard. The ""ink"" flows smoothly and evenly. I've used a store brand from a popular craft store and I like these much better. I love the vivid colors they chose for the 10 piece pack.  I created a chalkboard with Rust-Oleum chalkboard paint and had no problem wiping the chalk off -even after several days. I attached a photo of my fun little mini pallet board Christmas tree. I would definitely recommend these to anyone wanting to purchase chalk markers."
"These pens are a little hard to get started, but once the tips are ready to go, they do a nice job and the colors are bright."
"I really love these a lot!  They were enjoyed by me and the kids, decorating the windows for the holidays! Can't wait to add to my collection!"
Nice product! We used it in a window and seems to be great.
Love!
Incredibly easy to use and beautiful colors. Bought for my 11 year old and she keeps finding new uses (recently decorated glass mason jars).
Purchased as a gift... they loved them!
Good price for what you get
"Got them for Christmas and haven't used them yet, but they look like a lot of fun!"
Fantastic Product! Vibrant Colors. Perfect Gift for the Kids' Art Teacher. Definitely will buy again!
"These pens are great for customizing. I used them to draw association pictures on labels for what was in the bottle. Example: Lavender Soap, I drew a sprig of lavender with the purple and rosemary, I drew a sprig of rosemary with the green. They are nice quality as well."
Awesome. Got them for a whiteboard I use in my kitchen. Pretty colors. Just as I expected.
"Beautiful and easy to use. Once the flow of liquid begins to flo it is a great tool for my story wall, when I am creating ideas,
 ON THE LARGE WALKIN CLOSET MIRRORS.  Thanks for making them afordable!

Jim Ruby, Author"
Bought these for my daughter. She is really enjoying using them. She says they work well and likes the colors.
This stuff is great!
"Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend's little girl, she loves them. Easy clean up and come in great colors!"
"They're perfect for windows, boards, everything really... I mean they're chalk markers, they are as advertised and do everything you'd expect. They're great. Fast shipping. Nice marketplace people. If you're looking for chalk markers, these are a great deal. Besides you Are looking for markers, because who uses messy old regular chalk anymore?! :)"
"The colors are great! And my kids love them. We use them on our light up ""restaurant specials"" board we have in our kitchen. It does take a minute or so to get them working when they are new, but the business sent us instructions on that right when we made our purchase, so we were ready for that. (All of these types of markers work that way. It takes a little bit of time to get the ink into the tip when they are new.) Would buy again!"
These are great chalk markers! I love the neon colors. My Christmas sign is SO much cheerier this year!
"Chalk markers work great, easy on and off. They take a bit of time to get started but then they are easy to use, sharp, bright - great purchase!"
Work very well!!
Work great & look great. Thanks!
These markers are great for writing on glass. Just as ordered.
Quick delivery and worked exactly as expected.
I really like these markers and so do both of my kids. They look awesome and the colors are nice and rich.
I bought these chalk pens in order to vandalize my brothers car after he got married. They worked great and now I use them to label my mason jars in my  pantry. The colors are vibrant and they are easy to use. I would highly recommend these.
These markers are marvelous! The colors are bright and vibrant. These are perfect for large boards and not so much for small labels because the tips are rather large. They wipe away easily with water and a paper towel. It takes a minute to get the chalk liquid to the tip. Just place the tip down on some scrap paper and press the tube up and down lightly until the liquid starts flowing from the tip. I think these will be perfect for our chalkboard in the hall that we use to doodle. I'll get fine tip ones for my kitchen labels.
"Writes a nice color, shake too hard and it will break, takes a long time to get the color to come out."
The best chalk markers I have had. Will buy these again.
these are great! love the colors!
Great markers. As expected and ontime.
"The markers that worked were great. Some of the colors , like the black were dried up.  I shook the markers and shook again and pressed them down for at least 5 minutes and no liquid came out"
Love them!
The markers are great. They arrived quickly!
exactly what I wanted
I love these. Vinrant colors perfect for scrapbooking etc. Highly recommend them.
Great Markers!!!!!  My four kids and their friends have had a great time decorating every glass and mirror surface in our house! Easy clean up.
My daughter loves these.  She is coloring all the time with these.
These are literally the coolest markers ever! You will want to color everything in your house with them. They cover really well and make coloring fun!
Bold and Vibrant colors...
"I'm an owner of a small art business and color coding my chalkboard wall calendar is essential to a smooth production and admin workflow. These are fantastic. The only think I would suggest to Chalkola is making it easier to erase the marks, I spend longer than I'd like rubbing the ink off with water. Other than that I really love them."
Worked beautifully on our outdoor chalkboard!
This is a great product!  I love how well it writes. I so appreciated the tips for using them from the seller. They were shipped on time and in perfect condition!  Thank you!
"They write well, once you finally get the ink into the nib"
Absolutely love these! The colors are very vibrant and they easily erase!
"I love the bright colors these pens provide; however, the manufacturer should have gave us warnings about removal of the writing off the chalkboard. I used them on my chalk board and didn't wipe them off until a month later. Came to find out it's impossible to completely remove them after a month's time. I would say the longest you should leave the writing on the chalk board surface is about a week or less."
The markers take some time before you can start using them. All of the tips of mine were really dry and some of them are still having the ink come to the tips. When I used them on my window they worked great! My son loves them!
"Great color variety! The 10 colors that come in this pack are a great variety and didn't really have me wishing for more options. I purchased an easel style chalkboard for my daughter and instead of traditional grainy chalk, I wanted to get her some chalk markers. These definitely held up to my expectations. They are easy for smaller hands to use and do not drip or cause messes easily. Her pictures are vibrant and hold up well. We used a damp sponge to remove when she was finished and it removed easily as well. She did push too hard with the light blue one and now the tip is damaged and the marker bleeds a bit. That is definitely a user error though and not a result of poor quality."
The markers didn't work- attempted to write on glass. The black eventually got some color out but it was very faint. Have to go buy other chalk markers now.
Worked wonderfully. Easy to wipe off with wet cloth and the colors were bold and bright.
"I LOVE THIS CHALK MARKERS ; Easy to use ,you really have to shake it in order for the ink to to come out and easy to clean with windex."
"These markers are so great!  So far we have only used them on our windows, but the kids love them! Easy to use, easy to clean up."
"Great, great, great. Bright colors, easy to clean. Going to buy two more sets"
"These markers are beautiful, vibrant and easy to use but DO NOT ERASE. You have to shake them much longer than the package lists to get the ink going which isn't a huge deal but this will not come off of my chalkboard for anything. Only buy if you want a permanent marker! Of course I waited too long to return so I am stuck with them."
Bought for gift...they said they liked them...I did not use them
excellent service and product
"I had been wanting some of these to decorate chalk boards for special events such as back to school, baby's birthdays, etc. I only had bold colors purchased from a major retailer. These were just as good as the ones I already had and the color selection was great. I got a great low price on these so they were hard to pass up!"
Easy to write with and easy to wash off.
"They are a bit difficult to get going, and cleanup can be a bit messy.

To get it going for first use I pushed the tip against the glass, tapping it hard several times until there was a dot of the liquid chalk on the board. then i replaced the cap and shook it. this seemed to work well with the 3 markers I tried. I press hard when i write, so ""ink"" flow was not a problem as every time i put the pin on the board to write a new letter i was pressing the tip back into the pen encouraging ink flow.

I am using the product on glass i framed against a white wall as a dry erase board. the colors showed up well, much better than the dry erase markers i had laying around, though those markers are a few years old and may be a bit past their prime (not dry, just don't show up quite as well).

I would like to have a finer tip on them, but they work well for what they are."
"We have a chalk board in our kitchen where we'd been using regular school chalk.  After discovering these liquid markers, we are having fun using the board with doodles and more efficient notes.  They are so much easier to write with and the colors are terrific."
These markers are very bright and fun to write with! We use them on our whiteboard and our chalkboard.
"We love these!  Bright colors.  Fun to use!  Our sliding glass doors look very festive.  We also enjoy drawing on black paper with them (although it doesn't erase, obviously... it's just fun and looks great!)"
"These chalkboard markers are exactly what we were looking for.  We followed the instructions on how to get the ink to flow into the tip of the marker, and after a few minutes of getting all 10 markers prepped, the ink flow and tip was perfect for the chalkboard contact paper we also bought together.
You can write in fine lines or thicker lines with the tip.  We are creating a menu board for a farmer's market business, so we hope these markers will live up to the frequent use.  So far pretty happy with the purchase!"
"These are great. My kids have spent hours in just the two days we've had them, writing all over the glass. I will  be buying them again as gifts for other kids."
They are dry and not the best I have used.
I like these the best out of all I've tried. The ink doesn't run out in big blobs on my projects. the colors are bright and show up well on black. I have bought these twice and will continue buying these.
"These are great Chalk Pens - vibrant and easy to use. My son loves it when i make a new ""picture"" and they worked great to label mini chalk signs at a sin-n-see brunch. I would definitely purchase these again!"
"I love these! We have a lot of fun memo/shout out boards at work and these will be so great to use on them! I have tested these out and they work perfectly. I would reccommend for anyone doing art projects! I like that they say they can be used on glass too, I just haven't tried that out yet."
The markers are great!  I love the colors.  We are a small office and they work exactly as we want.
I love these markers. Only reason they got 4 stars instead of 5 is because the white marker came broken. They tip is stuck and won't come out so I can't use it. I didn't have time to return the product because I needed them to make a birthday board for my little man's first birthday. I just had to skip the white. Otherwise great product and the colors are very vivid.
Great chalk markers!!
Great quality and fun to design with!
They work wonderfully with my black glass board. It takes a few minutes to get the colors flowing but once they are it's fantastic. They are bright and eye catching.
very nice
"So far, this is the best one we've used...the ink flows to the tips a lot easier"
Great peoduct loved it goes on car windows very easy great colors would buy again.
These markers ran out after two months :/
"Love these, makes it easy and fun to decorate and design with these!!"
"The colors are great and the product works as well as expected. Did not realize that it was not compatible with all chalkboards (I apparently have a porous chalkboard), but loved the product regardless."
"Although I haven't had a chance to use these markers in a project, I did make a color swatch of them.  They're made for non-porous surfaces, but I plan to use them in my card making on dark or black cardstock.  They create a bright, vivid color.  I saw these used for cards on YouTube.  Read the directions, and be patient about priming them."
"These chalk markers are great, very bright and readable, but if I get one more email from the ""founder"" of Chalkola asking me for my opinion I will go insane.

My advice: buy the markers, write a review as soon as possible.

I use these for labeling food items in my pantry (ever since the terrible moth infestation of July, we have been very meticulous about putting everything in airtight containers and unfortunately those do not come with labels) and these work very well with the Chalkola chalkboard labels. Makes your pantry a fun and bright place, definitely worth the investment! Unexpectedly satisfying to draw with these :)"
Beautiful vibrant colors.
"These chalk markers are a joy to use! They're great on dark colors like black, navy, green, etc. but also really nice on white. The colors are so vivid they stand out wonderfully, and they dry quickly. I'm enjoying trying them on different colors and surfaces."
Bought these markers to use on a chalk board that will be used in pictures each month for my daughters monthly photos (2 months old on Saturday).  I used them today and they are exactly what I was hoping for.  Thank you!
I would have rated these a 5 star but they're hard to erase. You have to use a magic eraser.
"Love the vibrant colors!  Smooth writing and solid, streak-free.  I've tried a couple other brands and this is beat yet."
The black marker did not write.  The rest of the markers worked fine.  They were used by my granddaughter who takes art classes and is a freshman in high school.  She was in my home drawing Halloween figures on my glass windows.
they work great.
"I I've these.  They work really well and look beautiful.  I would give it 5 stars but it takes a long time (over 30 pumps) to get them primed to use.  I almost gave up, but I'm glad I persisted."
"These Chalkola Chalk Markers were used to make an easy DIY Carnival game for my child's Halloween party. Once we primed the markers, the ink flowed pretty smooth for consistent coverage. Even though this product is intended for non-porous surfaces, it looked vibrant as ever on the cardboard box that we used. Make sure to avoid touching the ink while it is still wet because it will smear. Once the ink is dried, colors can be layered. These are a perfect gift for teachers and crafty moms!"
"I used these to decorate the windows on a van, and they worked great. The colors were really bright and stayed on for a couple days without a problem. They also washed off really easily with just water and a paper towel. They do take a while to get primed right out of the package, but after that they work instantly."
"The markers were shipped promptly and arrived on time as stated in the order. They work beautifully! I am using them on a chalkboard and they are gorgeous. The seller has been great with communicating and wanting feedback, comments, or concerns. I am very happy with this purchase and would buy from this seller again. This product has been a lovely buy! Takes a few pumps to get the chalk flowing from the tip but after that the result is lovely."
"I cannot begin to express how impressed I've been with these! Very bright, easy writing, lovely selection of colors. I've had A LOT of fun chalking everything in sight, lol! They wipe off with NO problem on mirrors, glass, and the various chalkboards in my homeschool room. I love 'em! The kids try to sneak them too, soooo they seem to be a hit all around. The company sent me a ***FREE***(!!!!) idea book with proper use instructions he day I purchased them! That was totally cool, made me feel like they cared that I bought from THEM! Definite winner. :o)"
"These markers work very well. They were a gift for my 4 grandsons to use with their chalkboard placemats. The placemats came with only 1 marker each and I knew they would need more. I couldn't find adequate choices in stores, but there were more online. I like the colors of these, and like all of the liquid chalk markers, it is necessary to shake them initially to get the liquid flowing. I would recommend these markers for their vibrant colors and ease of use."
"ok... first I tried to find any way to contact the manufacturer... the only link on their website is to ""buy from amazon"".  I'm not sure how they will have great customer service if there is no way to contact them... I'm hoping for resolution from this ..... the markers go on GREAT!  very beautiful and visible.  However, cleaning is a NIGHTMARE.  This last time - it won't come off at all (on blackboard).  I don't know what to do??? I've tried water, soap, alcohol, and NOTHING works.  very frustrated as this blackboard is BRAND NEW!!"
Worked great. Write very smooth!
"Great markers. Liquid chalk markers are difficult to find for some reason in my local retail stores. When I can find them, they are outrageously priced and only include 5 markers. We use a lot of them at our restaurant, and these work very well and are quite competitively priced, as well."
"I love these! It took me a minute to get the ink/chalk flowing, but once I figured it out, the rest were easy. They write nice and wash off easy. They are great for leaving helpful notes and reminders around the house, without wasting paper."
I just love these chalk markers! The colors are great and they are super easy to use. I only began using chalk markers in the past year and have fallen in love with them. I've given some away as teacher gifts and the teachers love them. These I kept for myself but they are a great gift too. My 9 year old loves them as well. I'll buy these again.
Great resource for my old chalkboard. The colors are bright and easy to read. The kids love when I use them!
"Very nice, as expected.  The additonal instructions are helpful.
Great Service."
Great markers! Super bright colors and looks fantastic on a white or black dry - erase board.
"I love these markers! I do a lot of lettering with chalk and chalk markers for my day job, and I find that the consistency of these and the brightness is really great. They flow super smoothly, and they wipe off easily with a baby wipe. I would recommend them especially to people who are not super experienced with chalk marker use or lettering... they work so well that a beginner would find them super easy to start with."
"I can't say I have a lot to compare to as these are my first colored chalk markers I've used. I loved the flow of the pen and the tip. Pretty easy to be accurate. My biggest issue was when allowing the color to dry I couldn't go back over it with another color. The first color would peel or rub off. I wanted to add some highlights because the purple was too dark to see at night and I also wanted to make some three dimensional highlights, but couldn't with these pens. Pens stayed wet for a decent amount of time. There was a limited time window in which you can blend two colors together. I wanted to try to use them as paint pens on chalk board, but they aren't paint. As for chalk pens, they are excellent! Great coverage, pretty opaque. Colors are true to cap color. Overall I loved them, can't wait to use them again."
"I purchased these markers in order to write names on erasable place cards that I purchased from Horchow.  The place cards came with a black marker, but I wanted something prettier.  They are beautiful and work like a charm.  I would also like to emphasize the level of customer service that I have received from the company.  Upon purchasing the markers from Amazon, I received a personal email from the owner of the company with detailed instructions on how to use the markers as well as asking me to contact him directly at his personal email address should I have any concerns.  This type of customer service is basically nonexistent in the world we live in today where technology is a substitute for human relationships.  I highly recommend these markers and the company that stands behind them!"
Love them! They work really well and are a nice variety of colors.
Worked great!
Super vibrant and pigmented! They looked amazing for the labels I made!!!!
Very clear and easy to use after initial use. You have to wait a while for the ink to reach the tip of the marker.
"The colors are nice, the market tips are fat. Hard to make intricate designs with this."
Awesome on our IKEA chalkboard.  So bright and colorful and doesn't rub off easily (a plus for us!).  They are a pain to get started though.  You have to wildly pump 100 plus times before the ink is down into the marker tip.  If that could be fixed they'd be darn near perfect!
Wow! These are great!
"these are amazing. they are awesome for drawing on glass and dry eraser boards and people! the colors are all very strong and bright. but, if you have hand like a moose or are very rough with writing, then you will most likely mess the tips up...i lent my amazing wonderful markers to a moose :("
Markers are junk and these reviews are fake.
"Did not come off as advertised... I used it on a surface that I painted with chalkboard paint... First wiped off with water, it wouldn't come off, then used windex and the paint came off but left stains on the chalkboard paint... So I don't know if it was the type of chalkboard paint I used ... So on the other hand I loved the colors and they were so vibrant!.."
Love love love! We use in on our desk that we have laminate on
Beautiful colors! We ran into an issue with the markers and customer service resolved it with pleasure.
We love them!
Just what I needed! Thanks for a quick delivery!
These are fantastic. I have purchased a few brands and these are the best I have purchased.
"Work wonderfully, the colors are bright and solid in appearance.  We use these daily for homeschool and my son has a lot of fun charting school days on our white board calendar and doing his math homework on a black (white) board with these.  He prefers the blue and, so far with daily light use, it has not dried out."
These are awesome!  I love how they write and the vibrant colors.  The purple is very challenging to read.
I am thoroughly enjoying these markers. I am a crafter and have been able to use them on multiple items and surfaces. They are perfect for accents on my cards. The colors are vibrant. The ink flows smoothly as I'm crafting. I'm able to complete a doodle on multiple types of surfaces without breaking the lines. It looks amazing on dark papers and chalkboard paper. I have plans to use it on multiple items I will be altering for gifts or to sell. I have not come across anything negative with these markers. I only wish I could get them in a bit finer line to use on more intricate details.
"The markers work well especially on windows and are easy to clean. I gave them 4 stars because they take longer than expected to activate the ink via shaking the marker. I am not sure how long they will last, but so far i am pleased. Thank you!"
"The markers arrived and they were a big hit!  I got them for visiting grandchildren, partly because I have huge sliding glass doors they could cover with doodles and drawings, and they certainly did.  When their mom came to pick the girls up, she got involved as well.  It might be a good idea to find out what works best for cleaning the markers up, and maybe package up a kit including some kind of wipesmaybe a marketing partnership with another small company that sells that kind of thing?
  Anywayit was a successful family afternoon!"
"Working really well for our Kitchen cannisters, especially when used with the 'ChalkOla' labels. Please see photo."
These work great and add lots of color to my daily to do/inspirational chalk board! Has all the colors to cover each holiday drawing!
Everything I expected and more!  They write very smooth and are perfect for what I bought them for!
Arrived fast and has a great array of colors.
These markers are fantastic and a great bargain.  I recommend them to all chalkboard enthusiasts.
Love the colors. Love the quick response from the company founder. You can't go wrong with this product.
Very fun thank you
"Sometimes the paint doesn't flow as well as I would expect it to. But, they ARE pretty!"
"I love these chalk markers!  My boss got some for use at the office, and I got pretty excited when I realized they could be used to write on windows and mirrors.  I got my own set for home and have been having way too much fun drawing little cartoons and leaving little uplifting messages throughout the house.  They are great for writing your daily affirmations on your bathroom mirror!  There's endless fun to be had with these markers, and they are super smooth.  Easy to erase, too.  Just wet a tissue, or use a little vinegar in a spray bottle or glass cleaner.  I would definitely recommend these!  I'm sure they would be awesome for kids, but, as evidenced by me, even grown-ups can have a whole lot of fun with them. :)"
"These were a great value and worked really well on my painted chalkboard sign, It seemed they might have left a stain but I went over the spot again with a wipe and it came clean!"
"I bought these as a gift and they arrived faster then I expected.  Though they were a gift, I opened the package in order to use one on them to do lettering on another part of the gift, and I loved how easy they were to use, and so clear to read.  I had to ""erase"" the lettering a couple of times because of errors on my part, and using the Mr. Clean sponge as directed on the instructions, the lettering removed easily.  I will be purchasing some of these for myself!  Thank you!"
Great product and service!
"Once the paint started to flow, loved the colors"
"These markers are so vibrant in color and come clean SO EASILY.  So much fun to draw and color with, they also have amazing coverage.  No streaking and they stay until you clean them off.  Great for windows, mirrors, chalkboards, white boards
Check out my YouTube Product Review of these markers:  https://youtu.be/LgwW3oTRsUg"
"These things are so fun!  I bought them for a functional purpose but I ended up spending my entire night goofing around with them.  They take a little while to get the ink flowing, you have to shake them pretty firmly, but once they start they're great!"
"Great product. Vibrant colors. Quick wipe with cleaner, return with dry cloth to remove completely."
My kids love these and I have to hide them from them so I can use them.
"These markers are great.  Compared to others I've tried, they're incredibly vibrant and smooth to write with.  My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that the tip could be a little more pointed for detail work, but it's fine for basic writing if you're writing on something larger, like a sign."
Writes on smoothly.  I have yet to try and remove my writing.  Hopefully it'll come off nice and clean!  I use the chalk markers for my classroom door to let parents know what I need in the classroom for donations as well as putting up little announcements!
"I got these for my 7 year old daughter to use on her double sided eisel, chalkboard & whiteboard, They are great! No smell. Easy to use. It does take a minute or so of shaking the pen & pushing the tip for the initial ink flow but it's well worth it!"
Was not sure what I was getting.  Did not even know that something  like this existed. Have been experimenting and am enjoying  things it foes and does not work on.  Labelled a black notebook and am letting it sit. May spray with fixative as white worked really well and pretty.
I love the neon colors and they erase right off when you follow the directions!
these arrived on time and write beautifully on our black glassboard!
These are great! They came fast. The bright colors are awesome and they have great customer service.
Worked perfectly for the signs for our wedding. Variety of colors. Would recommend.
The perfect gift for the family artist!
"I bought these because they had the best reviews and I LOVE THEM!  They work out my arm with all the shaking and pressing, but it's totally worth it for the quality!  My boyfriend re-purposed glass and made a black glass board but it hasn't been in use for years.  He had been using the expo markers and they were crappy (to say the least - dried out easily and tips were frayed).  These markers write beautifully on the glass and actually erase pretty easily for me - I just use a tissue or dry eraser (no water needed!).  I haven't tried it on chalkboard but I imagine I would need water to erase it from a chalkboard.  It also looks like it would color on paper quite nicely (I'm just basing that on the marks I made while getting the ink flowing)."
"Smooth, clean lines with vibrant color! Love these to doodle on my coffee bar chalk top at home."
Wonderful product.  Fun and easy to use!
"Excellent product, worth every penny!  The colors are vibrant and exceeded my expectations!"
Exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much the excellent products. Chalk Markers are a new favorite tool!
"I received the markers and used them for the first time last night. I painted one side of my refrigerator with chalk paint, so I could keep track of to-do lists and upcoming events. The problem with regular chalk was that they were hard to write with and the powder from writing would get all over my wood floors. These markers work great and are exactly what I was looking for!"
"Our markers only arrived today but already my 2 children and I have had great fun with these - finding different surfaces to write and draw on.  The colours are lovely and vibrant.  Great Christmas gift idea or even, as I am going to do, get the kids to decorate mirrors and small jars to put things in as Christmas gifts."
"This package has a good variety of colors. The purple, blue, brown, and red have softer tones, while the orange, pink, yellow, and green are neon-bright. The black doesn't have any blue or brown tones, and the white doesn't have any yellow; they are nice and clean-looking. We use them on bathroom mirrors and a vinyl ""chalkboard"" sticker on our fridge. To start them, alternate between shaking them and gently but quickly pressing the tip against a hard surface with a piece of paper under the tip. The tip will retract into the pen as you press down on it, and you don't need to press very hard. It takes about 30 seconds to get the color to start to descend into the tip."
as expect only just started using them.  good product.
As advertised. Makes cute art projects on my chalkboard wall! Washes off easily without any hint of residue with wet rag. I'll never go back to plain chalk again. Love!!
"GREAT markers with SUPERB color brilliance!!!!  I also live for companies that actually care about their clientele.  If you are in the market for a well-made product backed by a company that CARES, purchase this today."
Colors are very vibrant.  I am using the markers on my chalk board painted surface.  Would purchase again.
"These chalk markers are awesome! They were delivered quickly and the product is great. I really like the variety of colors, especially paired with the blackboard wall sticker I got. They also work very well on my white board and glass. They wipe off pretty easily with water (not dry erase) and make my to-do lists a lot more fun!"
These are a MUST buy!!  Not only did I receive my products very quickly but they were packaged very nicely and work beautifully!  The customer service team welcomed themselves and thanked me for my purchase. The price was excellent as was the service and performance of the product. I'm throwing my dusty old chalk away as we speak and ordering more of these!
love the markers! they are bright easy to apply. I bought the chalk renover for the markers because I am using it on chalk contact paper. Great results.
Great markers I used them on roll out chalk paper on the center of a table for a meeting and the guys loved it! Very vibrant colors~
"These markers are great! I suggest using something wet to erase and you will have to wipe several times because they smear a little, but other than that they are very vibrant! Also, in order to use them initially and get the ink flowing, you have to shake them and definitely press down on the tip repeatedly (not just three times like it says on the back). You can actually start to see the ""chalk"" flowing down to the tip. I will have to see how long they last so I may have to update my review."
"I use a variety of chalk markers for making advertisement boards at work. I purchased these to use in my home and they are far superior to anything else I have used before! They are so bright and the ink comes out very smooth. I have only had them for about a week, so I'm not certain how long they will hold up, but will update when I have a little better idea."
"I LOVE these liquid Chalk Markers so much that I just ordered another set so
I won't have to ""share"" them with the grandkids!

Thank you for a terrific product!"
"Fabulous.  Want more in MORE colors.  BEST of all, they are eraseable.  Another type, I'm still trying to take off my other chalboard with Magic Erase before I can use these.  Tip...After shaking, turn the pen tip around in the pen, it has a more narrow tip, contains more or the color, and is easier to write with.  Otherwise, it is harder to get the color to come to the top of the original tip."
"As described and arrived quickly. Bright colors, once they get started they work fine."
Wonderful chalk markers!!! They are vibrant and smooth to work with. Love them!
Markers work great on ceramic chalkboard and dry race board we are having lots of fun doing dinner menus.  Good color variety too.
"These are by far the coolest markers we've had in the house. Have used them to make notes on whiteboards, and theme decorate windows & mirrors. They arrived on-time, packed well and new as expected from the seller. A++!"
Amazing chalk makers. The colors are beautiful. I recommend for anyone who loves to draw or craft to but these amazing markers.
The markers are high quality.  They stand out bright and it flows smoothly on multiple surfaces.  I couldn't believe the difference in the old chalk markers I had and these.  The regular ones write dull but these are so bright!  They also write with ease and look professionally painted on.  I wrote on my  chalkboard message center and instantly had a bright bistro style sign!  I originally purchased to use on a vintage mirror for our wedding.  We wanted to write out our menu.  I did a test run and the mirror looks amazing.  It creates a double shadow effect and glanced up our reception decor.  I believe I will go practice my hand lettering styles and doodle around with it until it's perfect for our wedding!
I love the way these markers write! So much better than another more expensive brand I previously purchased. Colors are vibrant and beautiful. Super fast shipping and wonderful customer service too!
Pretty good. Orange does not work that well. Some colors are harder to erase than others. Otherwise makes for a pretty colorful board!
"Absolutely love these Markers!!!!  This is what I created yesterday with your markers and a couple from another brand.
They are smooth and I will be buying them again!"
"Hi Anuj,

Thank you for taking the time to reach out to me about my recent purchase on Amazon about your chalk product. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to my family, friends and even strangers. It has been a pleasure to use!! Also with that said if your home or hobby is anything like mine-- which is writing on chalkboards for every season and or holiday then CHALKOLA is definitely the chalk to use and show off to all of my family and friends!!! I have attached a photo for you to see of my chalkboard! "
Love the markers and the bright bold colors!
Love these markers!  Super bright and fun to use.
These are so much fun. My daughter and I go crazy with the colors and is so easy to wash off with just a little bit of Windex.
Love these!
"Unfortunately, the pens' ink did not erase from the chalkboard if I left the writing on them for more than a day, which I did and now my chalkboard will forever say 'Hello Randy'. Now I need a new chalkboard AND markers that will erase."
good
Product: 5 stars.  No denying that these markers are absolutely great.  No problem there.  But the dozens of emails (at least it feels like it) I've gotten to provide feedback are so annoying that I'll make sure never to buy something from this vendor again.
"I'm very pleased with these! The colors are remarkably vibrant and fun for window art. I'm most impressed with how easy they are to clean - I'm able to use a wet paper towel and a dry washcloth to clean them off of any surface without residue. Definitely good for casual room decoration or art with kids, simply because they're so easy to clean out of clothes or off of furniture."
Great markers. Beautiful color selection!
"I received my markers,  and got real creative with them,  not only was I able to use them on chalkboard type lables and stickers, but I also use them to do nail art.  I used a matte finish black  polish and went to town designing my nails.  The markers had vibrant colors, went on with ease,  and we're fun to play with.  I highly recommend them."
these pens work really well very happy with the results.  I used them on a black chalkboard surface and the colors really popped
PERFECT! These markers make my cafe sign look professional. Flows beautifully when I write and covers and fills exceptionally well. I'm buying these exclusively from now on.
Not too good on chalkboards--hard to get off.
"I love these chalk markers because they are very versatile and I use them for organizing, for arts and crafts, among other things. I prefer these to ordinary chalk because it does not trigger my asthma/allergies and they are not messy when used. It's easy to whip them out and use them. It's equally easy to store them. These colorful chalk markers are very pretty and it makes organizing my baskets, containers and jars more fun! They work very well, dries pretty fast and and cleans/wipes off easy too! It's a great addition to an artsy person's arsenal. It also appeals to organization junkies (that would be me too!)!

As a blogger, I am often provided Press Sample kits by companies for consideration and/or review purposes. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for others. I refuse to review or endorse products that I have not or will not personally try. Needless to say, I may be a product reviewer but my thoughts are real and none of the things I say on my reviews are made up or fake - they are all based on my experience/s with whatever product I am reviewing. Im just a regular consumer and I appreciate reading and giving honest feedback about products that regular people like me use on a daily basis or consider buying. My views and opinions are from a customer/end users standpoint."
"These chalk markers are fantastic and so much fun to use! They'll brighten your chalk display and are very good quality. I used it at my Elementary school for messages and they add so much color to my displays!! My teachers are loving this find!
Highly recommend!"
"I used these Chalkola pens that I used for a big chalkboard wall that I made up at home. I used the white for the ""hello FALL"" handwriting (picture below), and decorating the aluminum buckets (picture below) and they are so much fun to use! I love the bright and bold neon colors that were included in my pack from Chalkola and they are very easy to write with. In order to 'activate' each of the pens, you do have to shake them and then press down on the tip until the chalk paint starts to come out, but you only need to do that once for each pen and you're set to go!

I like that the points are so fine and precise on these Chalkola chalk pens- it means I can do fun detailed work, like my attempt at an abstract pinecone, and the paint works on multiple surfaces, so I have gotten a ton of use out of this ten pack of neon colored pens. I still think my toddler is a little on the young side to be maneuvering these independently (more so because of the fact that he bangs everything, so I have a feeling that the tips would be destroyed in seconds), but I can see these being great for kiddos who are a little bit older, as the regular chalk we have for my son leaves dust all over the floors when he draws that I constantly have to clean up. With these chalk pens, there is no dust left over, or messes to clean up, and although they  don't wipe off the aluminum cans or chalkboard once they've dried, they are easily wiped clean with a wet washcloth. I'm also really impressed with how vivid the colors are - even the purple and brown show up very strongly on the black chalkboard!

As I mentioned, for this project I used them on both the aluminum buckets as well as the chalkboard, but these Chalkola chalk pens can be used on any non-porous surface and I can do so much with them! You can use them on your mason jars, ceramic jars, DIY projects, to leave personal notes on mirrors & calendars, chalkboard stickers, chalkboard contact paper, tile, metal, plastic, thank you card, accessories, glasses doors, cafe menus, gym boards, sewing patterns on fabric, marking expiration date on food canisters & containers, chalkboard labels, business folders, lunch menu for school, kitchen, mega mugs, Plants, and even in the garden!"
"Great quality, pretty colors.  I recommend these markers."
This is fun for the whole family. We made decorative chalk labels. They work great and very easy to use. A must have..
They have excellent color and work well on my dry erase board.
Absolutely love it!  Great colors !Received pretty  fast  !
omg I love this. These are so cool and bright.  My son loves them.  Im glad I bought them. Thanks
These are the best markers ever! I had twin 3 year olds try them and they were a huge success! Now I will refer them to my daughter who is an elementary school teacher for her class! Thank you so much for giving me the chance to enjoy them!!
"these markers are ok so far. You have to write with them just right to get them to have an even flow. The colors are bright and go onto chalk surfaces well, Not sure about other surfaces yet. I dropped this to a 3 star because so writing with these and having it come out just right has been a struggle. Also in this pic the caps looks metallic and they aren't really that way when you get them. All in all they are just ok...

UPDATE-----these are really frustrating----they write unevenly---they don't clean off easily from my chalk board and they are a pain to get them to come out smooth on glass, chalk or dry erase----Going to see if I can RETURN these and choose a better brand!!!"
Nice and bright!
"These are lovely chalk markers. I have tried many and these are comparable to the others. I like the brighter neon colors these come in though.  They are simple to prime and use. The chalk dries quickly and is just as easy to clean up with a damp rag.  The kids love these for drawing on our glass tabletop or windows.  I love that they do not seem to stain. Great item.

I purchased this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review."
"These chalk markers work well and wash off clean on my store-bought chalkboard, though I'm not sure how well they would come off a DIY chalkboard made with chalkboard paint.

It takes a while to prime each marker (shaking & then pressing the tip repeatedly until the color flows), but once primed they write smoothly. The colors are vivid, even after the ink dries! I love how bright the colors are and how thick the coverage is. One layer was all I needed to fill out my monthly deadline board.

I did notice in some cases where I tried to draw over one dried color with a different color it was a little bit of a struggle. The ink doesn't spread smoothly over more dried ink. Basically these markers are great for writing, but if you're planning on doing a lot of drawing and layering, you'll have your work cut out for you.

Most of the colors pop on a blackboard (the purple, brown, and black [obviously] don't show up well). The neons are incredibly bold. All in all, these markers are smooth, vividly colored, and perfect for writing on non-porous surfaces. If you need to write menus or daily specials on a blackboard, or have a lot of text or simplistic designs to put on glass, these markers will get the job done. If you want to make complex layered designs, you might want to look for markers that layer better."
Received my Chalk Markers and they are fantastic!  Great colors with smooth ink flow.
I used them on glass and they worked amazingly!
"Went on smoothly....glides right along. Brilliant colors....have to shake first and push on paper to prime. Takes about 50 to 60 pushes to prime, which took a lot longer than I thought it would. Wipes clean with wet cloth! One size rounded tip good for dots but hard to make smaller dots. Overall, very excited to try these markers, and would recommend to anyone who loves creativity and home decor!"
I love these markers! The colors are so nice. I enjoy using these markers!!!
"These are neat.  I used them on glass. The colors are very bright and vivid, the ink is smooth but doesn't drip. Takes a couple minutes to get the ink flowing when they are brands new but after that, no problems.  Good variety of color."
Great and robust colors. I subtracted a star because it went immediately on sale after I purchased it about $5 cheaper within a week that's nuts!
"Love the colour, is bright and cheerful. It will be great if you have square tip for this product too."
"When I received these markers on a Sunday a few days after I ordered them. I immediately started writing on everything,  my husband's medal medicine box, my girls backpacks, a list of chores for the kids to do and a grocery list. I love them....."
Love making chalkboard signs so these will be great when writing on them.  I use them all the time!  Awesome product!
"Very nice intense color!  Great color selection in one reasonably priced package.  Just follow the instructions to start the flow of ink, and get creative with these bright colors that look amazing on a black chalkboard and also work on other hard surfaces."
"Markers are a ton of fun. Very bright colors and easy to use. They take a bit longer to dry than i anticipated. Just as the package states,  it takes about a minute to get the ink flowing to the nib. I used them on a cheap chalkboard from s local craft store which is porous, so the color remained slightly after I wiped the board off but the instructions warned that it would happen on a porous surface and recommended using a magic eraser, which indeed cleared off the residue perfectly. In the pictures I have attached,  you can see the board after wiping with just water on a wash cloth,  then after the magic eraser, and finally a picture of a cute kitty my daughter drew. We'll have fun with these and can't wait to try them on glass."
"A friend of mine told me that these chalk markers were on sale so immediately headed over to Amazon to purchase them.  I have old windows in my sewing room that I want to use for writing notes and reminders for my projects.  I tested one of the markers on my bathroom mirror to offer a little note of encouragement.

The photo included is a first use example.  It does take a lot of shaking and pressing on the tip to get the color to flow so you can use it, but the color is very vibrant.  I can tell that after a few more uses the markers will be even better because the ink will be flowing better.  The really nice thing is that it very easily washes right off with just water.

I put this sign on my mirror and then was able to easily and quickly wipe it right off with a sponge and water.  No scrubbing needed."
I couldn't resist the price for these markers. These are great and I am very satisfied. Fastest shipping ever too! Thank you.
"These markers are awesome and the company is great. I received them quickly and without any frustration. They write very nicely and are very bright. I used them to write on a plastic container kid that is kind of textured and it wiped off with ease as well! I'm very impressed so far! Note: just like chalk, if you run your fingers over the dried drawing/writing it will get on your skin, but it also washes off very easily."
"This product was delivered quickly and on time. We immediately decided to try it out, my boys loved it!  They drew on the window and I couldn't find the windex so I used a clorox wipe.  It came off very easily. It also washed off hands with soap and water. I left some art on the window and washed it off this morning (3 days later) and it came right off.  I'd definitely recommend these!"
These markers are awesome! My 5 year old loves them so much he's actually wanting to learn just to use them! Thanks so much for letting me try for so cheap!
Excellent product
I am very happy with my purchase.  They work great!  I appreciate the email with tips for using  them and alternative project ideas the seller emails you. I recommend these.
"I love, love, love these markers! I used them on a chalkboard to create a ""My First Day of Preschool"" photo prop for my daughter. They are easy to use, very vibrant in color, and easy to wash off for mistakes. I would definitely recommend!"
"I'm so thrilled with these premium chalk markers! I've been looking for quite some time and am happy I came across them online. On a chalkboard, they turn out 10x better than the average price of chalk and hey, it doesn't break! :)"
Awesome product. It does take a while to get them started but when they do they work and write flawlessly. Would deffinately purchase these again.
"My daughter absolutely loves these Markers! Loves them! She has decorated every possible thing that she could so far.  They write very smoothly and once dry, they look just like chalk with finer lines.  I will definitely be buying these again."
Love these! Use them to write whatever I may be studying all over my closet doors which are glass. The colors are super vivid and the markers are very easy to use.
Love the versatility of these markers.
"Difficult to use, took a long time to get them to write. Very temperamental to water. Love the colors and it looks great once you get the markers working."
"THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME TRYING OUT CHALK MARKERS AND I AM NOW IN LOVE AND NEVER WANT TO SEE OR USE ANOTHER PIECE OF CHALK IN MY LIFE!  FIRST OFF IT WAS AWESOME NOT HAVING THE GRITTY FEELING THAT I GET WHEN I TOUCH CHALK.  THE COLORS ARE SO VIBRANT, AND THERE IS A GOOD RANGE IN THIS PACK TO CHOOSE FROM.  WE ALSO LET THE KIDS DECORATE OUR WINDOW WITH THEM AND IT TURNED OUT SO CUTE! AND IT WASNT A PAIN IN THE REAR TO CLEAN!  I CANT WAIT TO USE THESE COME THE HOLIDAYS.

THES CHALK OLA CHALK MARKERS ARE AN EXCELLENT CHOICE! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM FOR MANY PROJECTS

I RECEIVED THESE CHALK OLA CHALK MARKERS  AT A DISCOUNTED RATE FOR REVIEWING/TESTING PURPOSES, HOWEVER ALL STATEMENTS, EXPERIENCES, AND PICTURES ARE OF MY OWN AND OF MY OWN PERSONAL UNBIASED OPINION!"
Love them! I will be ordering more!
"Great product and nice selection of colors! I work in the food service industry so these worked out great for all our food signs. Customer service was nice too. I received a follow up email from the owner just making sure I was happy with the product. Being in the industry, I really appreciate when companies do that. It's a small gesture, but goes a long way."
"These markers are amazing. My son loves using them on the refrigerator and when hes done, they easily whipe off! Very bright colors. Can wait until the holidays so I can use them on my Windows too! Will definitely purchase more for gifts in the future!"
"I love these they could not have come at a better time I got them quick and I started playing with them right away. The company does worn not to you on POROUS surface, I was so happy to get them the first thing I grabbed was very POROUS I did not know this so when I went to wash it off most came off but is was in the pours oh well my bad. I was happy to see that it wiped away so easy. I love the that the kids in my life will be able to play and wipe without me having to do much. I would totally buy this product again and think it would make a great gift for the artist in your life."
"Awesome Chalk Markers, the colors are bright and really stand out. I would recommend them to all."
"Delivered on time and quick, great product so far!"
Great colors and very easy to use.  We love that the pens can be bold or fine.
"<div id=""video-block-ROYO2SX0ONRV"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1Dh0MQ5ZoS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91d3O%2B3PVuS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;We loved these markers! Easy to use, easy to wipe away with a wet washcloth but doesn't smudge while dried until you wipe it away. We used these on my son's new chalk board that we bought for him since we homeschool for fun and for daily practice! Love them!!!

**I received a free product for a review. My opinions are 100% honest and my own.**"
Love all the colors! Perfect for my light up  blackboard.
My girls absolutely love the chalk markers.  They decorate everything from mirrors and windows to chalkboards.  I highly recommend this product!
Colors are vibrant and the pens work great! They also clean easily.
Great colors!  Writes better than most chalk markers.  I use mine on my black glass erase board for work.  Its a wonderful spin on the typical dry erase office board.  Wipes off easily (from my black glass) with water or a non abrasive cleaner.
I love these markers. I bought them after buying the set of three markers. All of the colors are great. I'm good to go on chalk markers for a while now. :)
Awesome markers!! Vibrant colors and easy to erase.
I do a lot of DIY crafts and was starting to wonder what markers I should use on my wall decor. Sharpies are nice but tend to bleed so I decided to try these out. Oh I am SO glad I did. They're so vibrant and smooth to work with. If there's a mistake it's simple to just wipe off with a wet rag. I will continue buying this product for all of my crafting needs.
"These are super cool, write on everything I've tried so far (plastic, wood, metal) and erase completely with no staining :)  Very happy with my purchase!"
"I have received the ChalkoLa markers and they are really great! I really like them!!!
We just bought a chalkboard since we needed to make some reminders on it due to a big family :) I used only 2 colors so far and they worked great and they came right off using a wet paper towel.

If I ran out of these, I will be sure to order some more from you guys. Awesome customer service (a small company who deserves five star for their courtesy and follow-up e-mails)."
Some chalk pens take a while to get working. These work instantly and don't drip.
"I've only had these for a little while, so I am giving five stars but can't speak to their longevity. Additionally, they are a little finicky writing on vertical surfaces for extended lengths. It's important to stop and ""re-ink"" by holding the pen vertically and pressing down to re-start flow. I would expect this from most products of this kind, so it's not a detraction for me, but it's important to note.

That said, these are beautiful colors and are very striking on both my black glass desk and my white board. The company followed up enthusiastically (almost too much so - I didn't get a chance to pick up the package or use the markers for a week or two but had already received multiple check ins. It was cute).

I am still finding more ways to use these and trying to test how porous they are. They leave a lot more residue when washing off than a regular dry erase, so I usually have to rotate through rags for cleaning off the surfaces, which probably keeps me from using the as much as I otherwise would (that and it would make my boyfriend crazy... notes on the mirror... notes on the car... notes on the microwave... designs on the sink).

These are awfully fun and totally worth the money. I thought this particular package was a good deal and I'm happy with the brand so far."
"THESE ARE VERY NICE! I WILL DEFINITELY BE BUYING MORE. THEY HAVE LASTED LONGER THAN ANOTHER BRAND I HAVE TRIED. I WILL SAY THESE ARE NOT SOMETHING YOU CAN LET THE KIDS GET READY FOR USE. IT DOES TAKE A FEW MINUTES AND MINIMAL EFFORT BUT THE KIDS COULDN'T GET THEM WORKING. (THEY ALL WORKED GREAT, KIDS JUST HAVE NO PATIENCE.) NICE VIBRANT COLORS, WORKS WELL ON WHITEBOARD, MIRRORS, CHALKBOARD-- ALL MEDIUMS WORKED WELL AND LOOKED NICE. REMEMBER TO TELL KIDS TO WIPE WITH WET CLOTH FIRST THAN DRY CLOTH AFTER! ATTACHED ARE IN USE PICTURES. VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE

I RECEIVED THIS FOR A DISCOUNT IN EXCHANGE FOR MY UNBIASED REVIEW."
These are the best chalk markers!  Vibrant colors and it's super easy to wipe away a mistake with a damp cloth.  I definitely recommend!
"Customer service is great, they sent a check up email to see how I was liking the product and make sure I was satisfied. The colors are vibrant. I am using them on chalkboard spray painted glass though and I really cannot figure out a good way to get it to come off. I can still see words I have wiped off and cannot get them to fully go away...Other than that love the product!"
My classroom looks great. ...Thanks
"Absolutely love these. I use them on my chalkboard birthday boards in my etsy shop and they are perfect, such a quality product for the price, which is much cheaper and better than Michael's storebrand. thanks so much!"
great product for the money.
"my son has not yet used , but I think it is a good quality"
"LOVE these markers - they work just as indicated (remember to test it out before using it, just as advised by the seller - it will ghost on POROUS surfaces, as indicated by all chalk marker manufacturers - but is removed EASILY on all non-porous surfaces - including dry erase boards) . Works GREAT on all of the chalk labels and chalk boards that are popular right now!
It's remarkably vibrant - my daughter received it as a birthday present and LOVES it! Here is the first message that my daughter drew to share with friends."
"The colors on these markers are divine!  What a find!  A must have for every crafter!  Like them so much, I bought one for a friend!"
"They arrived in a timely fashion and are easy to use in my classroom. I have lots of old chalkboards on my walls, and this allows me to decorate them easily, but change them as I need - all I need is water to talk off the liquid chalk."
I love the color choices but they were hard to get to work and the markers didn't erase easily.
These markers are easy to use. They complete a smooth bold line. Just make sure you are writing on a nonporous surface if you plan to erase it. I use them for scrap booking and crafting..
"I absolutley love these! I was upset to find a chalkboard in the classroom my school district moved me to, as I had a whiteboard in my previous classroom. After discovering these- I cancelled the work order for my white board to be moved to my room!!!! I also use them on chalkboard paint and contact paper. I've recommended them to coworkers and would recommend them to anyone! Fabulous product!"
"These markers are great.  Once you get them started they have a smooth and bold line.  They are wet wipe, so make sure you have a damp cloth when ready to erase, but they erase cleanly. They really spiced up a classroom chalkboard."
"They take a minute to get going but they are really great! I did also buy a specific chalkboard cleaner for them, but I think all you really need is a little soapy water and paper towels to get the job done."
Excellent quality chalk markers!! Love them! Easy to use and quick drying. Shipped quickly as well!
"These markers are great!  Today was the first day of school, so I'm sure I'll be using them more and more in the days to come, but I'm very pleased with what I've seen so far.  Definitely read the directions in regards to how to use the markers for the first time - very helpful.  Thanks again!"
"I absolutely love these markers!!!  Love them.  We use them on white boards and to write on glass.  Bright, vivid colors.  Very happy with this purchase and plan to buy more."
"Loved them! They are bright and they wiped off great with a wet wipe, although I'm sure a wet napkin would work too. At first I saw some residue from what I wrote; but once I wiped it dry, nothing was there! Can't wait to use them some more! I used them on a chalk board."
Great chalk markers! My project turned out beautiful for my daughter.  Great communication from the company.  Bright beautiful colors!!!
I didn't meet my expectations at all!
We decorated mason jars with these for my daughters birthday party. They worked great. Product was shipped and delivered as expected - all good.
Fast service. Nice colors. Love writing with them on our chalkboard wall.
"I bought the Chalkola markers for my classroom whiteboard however, my 10 year old daughter got to them first and used them on our windows. The colors are beautiful! And they wash off well. Can't wait to try them on my whiteboard. They are more expensive than regular dry erase markers but well worth it in my opinion!"
Works great on everything I have tried them on. Would recommend them to a friend.
Love how bright the colors are. The chalk cleans easily with water. Very prompt delivery.
"<div id=""video-block-R2VK6NEZZE3F47"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1wRAMk4%2BPS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81aHI3tR3JS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I was sent these markers to try out and use on my crafting YouTube channel JessCrafts. I found that they were as advertised and I was able to use them several ways in my craft room. I think they are a quality product that hold up to the claims of the manufacturer. I love the vibrancy of the colors and the color selection. The ink flows from the tip nicely and doesn't skip. As stated on the packaging, they work best on non porous surfaces but you can write on dark papers with them as well. In the video I show a few ways they can be used and you can see them in action."
The wedding party had fun decorating our son's car windows with these.  They worked wonderfully!
Perfect markers for my store chalkboard!
Bright vibrant colors easy to use and easy to clean off my chalkboard wall surface in my home
Love them!
"This is a really great product, my daughter love it."
"My dad will be buying some too. My mom is a school teacher who is sensitive to the smell of dry erase markers. Hopefully these will work for her.

They are doing great so far for me. I use them on black paper too...because it looks cool."
"Great! Used with quartet chalkboard, good quality! I did find that it's hard to go over what you've done easily , but colors look really nice."
These markers are great for our windows in the classroom! No residue after removal and are a fantastic tool to have to keep the kids attention!
"These markers are SO AWESOME!
The directions state to shake them before use and they weren't kidding. It takes a lot of shaking to get them primed for the first use, but after that it's easy peasy. The colors are vibrant, the coverage is great. Would buy again!"
"So far, the markers are working great. I love the colors. Also, the service has been amazing."
I like it. I use this to mark my sons toys.
Writes great and love the small tip on the one end. I have bought several other brands and so far I like this one the best.
"I purchased these to use on my chalk board. I had issues with the marker dispensing properly even after priming thoroughly. Now, as I go to change the message on my chalk board, I am left with a residue shadow of what was written even after using cleaners. Perhaps on a plastic item they would perform better."
"I did indeed receive them very quickly! I LOVE LOVE LOVE
them! They work absolutely perfectly. I homeschool my son so bought a setup
of 8, green vinyl stick chalkboards to set up on my kitchen wall and the
markers are lovely! They serve my purpose to a T and as I am also an
'artsy' person, I will be playing with them creatively now that our week is
coming to a close!
Thank you for your refreshing and lovely customer service! If I need them
again, I will get them from you!!!!"
"This was my first experience with chalk markers. I was wanting to make a first day of school board for photos for my daughter. The directions are clear and easy to follow, and the markets are easy to use. The colors are bright and looked great on the chalkboard. I didn't like the way my lettering looked in one place, and I was pleased when the color easily wiped off with a wet towel so I could try it again. This was only my first time using them, so I can't speak to storage, how long they may last, or how they compare to other brands, but I am happy with the purchase and the outcome of my project."
"I'm a school teacher and I was looking to try something new this year on my white board. These aren't the most time efficient markers. What I mean is like traditional dry erase you can write and then wipe off. These you have to grab a wet towel which can interrupt your teaching. I did use the black market to label my kiddos things. On laminate it comes off when scratched. On any paper accents, it will stay. I'm sure I'll be using these for any kind of poster making but not my whiteboard. I'll have to go back to traditional dry erase markers."
"Literally love these markers! They write really well and they look amazing, especially on my plastic containers and mirror"
These markers are awesome!! The ink flow is perfect and makes decorating easy. My classroom this year is decorated with chalkboard paint and my chalkola markers.
These work great on the black glass bulletin board in my classroom.  I have also used them on chalkboard placemats and they wiped off leaving very little residue behind.
I just started using these markers in my classroom. Every teacher that walks by stops and comes in to ask about the chalk on my board! The colors really stand out and are so vibrant and clear.
"Love the markers, my kids love them, beautiful colors.  Write perfectly."
amazing colors and really easy to use!
very nice. ml
"These are great!!! I made a DIY appointment board for my clients using a picture frame (thinking i could use dry erase on it) I tried several different dry erase markers to write on it and nothing's worked. These work perfect!!! They vibrant, and easy to wipe off at the end of every day. Without these all the time I spent making the board would have been a waste. The owner of the company is so sweet. She will email you when your owner is shipped and then check in to make sure you got it and have any questions. She is an owner who cares about her customers and sells a quality product. Buy these and you won't be disappointed. At first I used the black, but every color is bold, beautiful and bright."
These are great!
I used them for chalkboard signs for my son's first birthday.  They came out perfect! I love that I was able to wipe it off when I made a mistake!
I love them. I use them to write on the black laminated posters in my classroom. I also write student numbers on the desks.
Good product
Fun products! Good service!
"These are great markers, they are very pretty,my daughter loves using them on her blackboard! They were delivered very quickly too. great product!"
The product exceeded my expectations! The colors are vibrant. This was exactly what I was looking for.
These chalk markers are awesome!  My 16 year old daughter had so much fun making signs on our glass doors for an anniversary party we recently had.  I have a feeling we will be getting lots of use out of these.  They worked very well & the colors are bright.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for this type of marker.
These are great markers for our black glass board. The colors are bold and easy to read. They erase easily with a magic sponge eraser.
Wonderful markers and company!!
Love these markers! I had these bowls that were meant for chalk but ordinary chalk would not write on them. I ordered these markers hoping they would work and they did! Read the instructions on how to use the for the first time. It takes a little bit for the ink to soak into the pen tip.
I loved these markers. They go on smooth and the colors are noticeable.
"I was really happy to recieve this item to reivew. I love the colors and the idea behind them.

they work great on dry erase boards, window and mirrors but please please do not use them on  BLACKBOARDS!!!!!!!!!! It ruined my husbands blackboard he got from Jagermeifter. He was not happy with that at all. We tried everything we could to get off the imprint it left behind. It basically looked like I wrote on the board with a permanent marker. I had to go out and buy a chalkboard marker and cover up the writing. It looks ok but not how it should. I might have to go over the entire board with the chalkboard maker to make the whole thing look the same and not like it has black patches.

I will update this review with pics later."
Excellent product - produces what is promised
"Used these for my daughter's first birthday chalkboard with all her stats!  These markers work great and the colors are super vibrant! Great product, thanks Chalkola!"
"I'm a small business owner that purchased these to draw marketing designs in our window. My 3-year-old daughter loves using these too. I've never purchased an item like these before so I don't know how they compare, but they seem to work great."
These were easy to use. They were bright and colorful. Thank you for making something so fun and wonderful!
"I ordered these for my daughter to use for crafts, but of course I had to try them out myself! I like the color variety, and also the way they write. The ink is smooth and clear. We used them on glass and laminate, and they worked very well. My daughter also used them to write on her chalkboards that she uses for photography, and she was quite pleased with them. I would order them again!"
These are great for writing goals and love notes on glass and mirrors! The clean up easily too! Love them!
They are great! Vivid colors and easy to use... Very satisfied
"Great markers! I thought I was doing something wrong (which I was) because nothing was coming out right away - but then I noticed the simple step-by-step instructions on the back of the package and got the perfect results I was looking for! The writing is fluid and easy, unlike chalk which can make letters look completely different depending on the side of the chalk you're writing with. I will definitely buy these again! Thank you!"
"These markers write really well--solid, bright colors. That being said, I wanted markers to write on my car windows for events. My writing/designs turned out great, however, they ended up washing off in the rain (and even started to run from the dew in the morning). I've used a different brand of wet erase chalk markers but they weren't nearly as affected by rain/water. I can't find them in stores/on Amazon anymore so I figured I'd try something else. I'm happy enough with the purchase. There's really nothing wrong with the markers themselves. But if you're looking for ink that will stay on in the rain I'd recommend trying something else."
"Great markers, the shaking on a few in the pack took.much longer than the others but once they started writing they were perfect."
Love!
These are awesome. I love using them in my classroom and my home.
Awesome colors!!
"A bit oily & dries shiny instead of like a chalk & not odor free. Good product, easy to use, but a little tougher to layer on non-porous surfaces. More like a marker, a great marker but not like the chalk marker I'm used to that is dry and solid. Saving these for paper crafts and wood ornament projects rather than our blackboard wall and kitchen signs/labels."
"These are great markers, the tips are perfect for writing and you don't have to sit there and shake the marker for a while like other brands to get the color to come through to the tip. I will definitely be using these again once I run out."
The pens are fun to use and my daughters really like the selection of colors that they come in. It's also easy to remove from our chalkboard.
Great makers that write/draw smoothly and are easy to remove.  We use these where I work for signage and it works great.  Definitely recommend.
"They work wonderfully on chalk boards, easy to wipe clean. Very satisfied with this purchase and I'd recommend them to anyone in need of chalk markers! Love them!"
"I painted a door in our home with chalkboard paint and used simple chalk to leave notes for each other. Well I wanted to improve legibility and add a bit of color to our notes. Chalkola  is the ticket, it's clear bright colors are easy to see and read.

Thanks
Dave"
"Really good product. Vibrant colors, smooth texture and love it so much. With this I can create very amazing decorations and write myself a note to stay well-organized. Nice purchase!"
These markers really work. We use them on small chalkboards for catering service. They look very profesional and clean up is easy.
Colors were not as bright as pictured but come out smoothely just make sure you follow instructions before you use them. Besides that can't wait to try them out on more surfaces!
"Super bright colors, very easy to use. Shipped quickly. Fun to use!"
Great service and product!
"These are super easy to use and clean up.  I was able to clean up my entire car (window) within 3 minutes, approximately.  The colors are great and we received many compliments on our windows.  I think the bright poppy colors stood out from the other decorated cars.  Great buy!"
"Some shades are vibrant, but others come out really dull no matter how many times you troubleshoot. The white, yellow, and orange seemed watered out somehow while all other colors work great."
Great markers from a great company! The customer service is second to none and the product exceeded my expectations!
These markers are nice and bright! They go on smoothly and dry quickly so you don't risk smudging. I do wish the caps fit on the ends of the markers so I could secure the cap while I'm using the marker. Other than that it's a great deal and the markers are great!
"They are really nice....bright, vivid colors.  Just as advertised."
long lasting. easy to use. kids enjoyed thhem
unbelievable clarity and ease of use.  Just like using a sharpie!
"I purchased these to draw on our refrigerator which has been painted with chalk paint. The markers themselves are really nice, but I do NOT recommend them for use on chalk paint. Though most of the color does wash off, there it stained the surface beneath and will not come off with any product or amount of scrubbing I've tried.

They do work well on our little ""real"" chalk board and wipe off fine, and are great for glass. Just bummed they stain our chalk paint :("
These are vibrant! I love using them on chalkboard surfaces!
"These Chalk markers are the best, my kids love drawing on their windows & it's so easy to remove!"
Truly excellent chalk markers. I've experienced no runs or blobs like I have with similar products. They apply smoothly and the color is fantastic. Highly recommend them to anyone looking for chalk markers.
"I loved that you can wipe these off.  But you cannot use these markers like chalk..i.e. on a chalk board.  We used them on the chalk label stickers I have, and they worked fine.  They are more just like more high end markers."
"<div id=""video-block-R2GQLRFMCJAAU5"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1E7TInQqVS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/516-iiSv-fS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"
"These are fantastic and I am so happy with my purchase! I've only used them on mirrors so far, but clean up is a breeze! Very impressed with the seller as well!"
These markers work great on my chalkboard labels. They write smooth and are easy to wipe off with a little water.
"<div id=""video-block-R2DICH152OST96"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1fod06eRUS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/111ltkylk8S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This is my review for Chalkola Premium Wet Wipe Markers. They are truly awesome. I love them!!"
These are great!  The colors are vibrant.  Clean-up is a breeze.
They were awsome
"These are fabulous! I have found so many uses for these, my boys love them too and love using them. These are great, not only can use these on chalkboards,  & whiteboards, we actually used it on the fridge to make our grocery list!"
Love them. Easy to handle.
"These markers are the best creation they have came out with for artsy people ever! From the first time I used them, the ink just flowed out smoothly! I had my kids decorate our old refrigerator with them and they had a blast! Definitely will buy again!!!"
Amazing product!! Colors are very vibrant and very smooth to write with.  Wash off easily and fun for the whole family.
Amazing markers I love the colors and how long they last .
Gorgeous product. My 6 years old daughter just love it. She can draw with the markers all day. It is easy and funny to use them.
These markers are so easy to use and so much fun! Takes a minute to get the ink going but once it's ready it's hard to put them down. I even let my 3 year old use them on a window every now and then for fine motor skill practice and he has so much fun. The colors are so bright and vibrant and when it's time to clean up they wipe away easily with a damp cloth. I leave messages for my husband on our bathroom mirror with them as well. I just love using them and I find reasons to use them everywhere!
Great pens! These work well
Work very well on our old chalkboards. The follow up email with the testing instructions was excellent!
It took a bit to get these to start flowing but once I did I went to town. Bright beauty colors that are easy to clean off. For any artist or someone who wants to prank a friend and write all over their Windows of their car.
"I really love these. Now I will say at first I was confused when I opened them and pushed the tip of the marker a few times and nothing came out but once I figured out that you have to shake them and push on the tip more that a few times I could do it fairly quickly. The colors are nice and bright, solid, and very smooth. I will definitely recommend these to friends and family. My daughter is currently on vacation with some family but when she gets back she's gonna have fun with these. Since these wash off so easily I told her she could decorate her windows in her room and of course I wanna help (hey I'm still a kid at heart)"
"So far so good, the colors don't fade and do not need to be reapplied we haven't gone through all the colors just yet and also we don't know how long they last since we just purchased them so it would be disingenuous to even comment on that at this early stage. The bullet tip is definitely not for us , we like the tips that have a variety of uses,from small print to large. Bullet tip is just a blunt tip but the vivid colors more than make up for that and still haven't dulled !! And the ink hasn't run out....so far so good."
"I am so pleased with these markers. They are smooth and apply evenly creating nice lines. They're perfect for chalkboard menus, memo boards and anything that requires neat, clean lines. I've used them for a few projects now as well as every color and I'm very happy with the results!"
"The colors are vibrant and beautiful. The tips are fine.

Follow the directions to get them activated, and all will be well. Some markers get started in 30 seconds. Others can take over 2 minutes.

Stick with it. You'll love the results."
Love this product. Attaching video of the product. We use these markers on a dry erase board when homeschooling our kids. Just press the bottom a few times to get the ink out and you're set to go!
Love them!
"<div id=""video-block-R3UIWUL4HTG8CV"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1UOXKeP-2S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81bLaGx5KES.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I though these markers were awesome and I found a tons of uses for them. I recommend these to anyone looking for a something like a dry erase marker but can write on multiple surfaces."
These were nice and easy to use!
Excited to use with in my classroom and club this upcoming school year.
"These markers are incredibly amazing! I have tried several other types of chalk markers and none have compared to these! The bright colors are my favorite.
It takes a minute to get them to work, you have to shake them and press the tip on the table multiple times, but that's really not a problem and pretty easy to do! They write really well also. I love how they can be used on mirrors/glass just as easily as on chalkboards . I let my one year old (with my close supervision) draw on his board with one and he absolutely loved it!  The bright colors really grabbed his attention.
They are also really easy to clean up after. I used a baby wipe and it worked tremendously well!

These are pictures of what I have used them on so far! Chalkboard, of course, Mason Jar, and my bathroom mirror! I must say that I am really impressed by the quality of them! They don't leave gobs everywhere like paint markers do, they write smooth and the color proportions out excellently.
Picture #5 is what it looks like when you first take it out of the packaging. After shaking well, you have to press it against something sturdy (Picture #6) and 'bob' it up and down until you get color!
**NOTE**  Picture #2 is my son's drawings, however the blue is actual chalk and not one of these markers! The orange is the marker(:"
Worked perfect!
I LOVE these markers!! They are exactly what I was looking for! Here is just ONE of the things I have done with them! Thank you!
Pretty neat markers.
Love these markers! They work well and are a great price compared.to other markers I've seen. The colors are amazing and they easily wipe off with a moist towel. Can't wait to use them in my classroom!
Fantastic markers!  They are bright and colorful!!  Very easy to use and they leave a look of chalk without the dust.
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/INSANE-SALE-Chalk-Markers-Pack-of-10-neon-color-pens-Used-on-Chalkboard-Window-Labels-Bistro-Glass-Whiteboards-Water-based-wet-wipe-erasable-pen-6-mm-Bullet-Tip/dp/B00PM473TK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">INSANE SALE - Chalk Markers - Pack of 10 neon color pens. Used on Chalkboard, Window, Labels, Bistro, Glass, Whiteboards. Water based wet wipe erasable pen - 6 mm Bullet Tip</a>I received my ChalkOlas and couldn't wait to use them! They are everything they say they are. They can be used on pretty much anything, glass, whiteboards, plastics, mirrors, chalkboards and please MUST BE NON POROUS SURFACES! The ink also washes off of clothes easily but not on porous objects.
 I also used the ChalkOla Chalkboard Labels to label different items in my kitchen and it works fantastic. The ink can easily be washed off the labels time and time again and reused.
If you are undecided about trying these markers my advice is try them you'll love them!"
"Vibrant colors, smooth writing, and wipe off easily! I highly recommend these markers. I was concerned that they may wipe off too easily but not the case! Give it a second to dry and it only comes off if you intend it to. Give these a try- you won't be disappointed!"
"This is the first time I have used chalk markers. It took awhile to get the ink to come out. The coverage was good with the light colors, but the dark colors had really bad streaks

Overall, an okay product."
I loves these and they go great with the chalk board labels that I received. I have already redone my kitchen. Great great product and easy to use
"My daughter uses these to decorate her room and update fun, cheerful messages on her chalkboard strips attached to her wall.  Way better than Crayola's product."
"<div id=""video-block-R3LQKEZWK08706"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D16mN1fObnS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1DJStrztSS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Please view my video to see how to use these fun, vibrant, ChalkOla Chalk Markers. These are a must have if you like organzing and want to have some fun with labeling anything on a non porous surface!"
Love these chalk markers! Been looking for a new craft to try and this fits the bill. 10 bright basic colors. Great for kids and adults to use. I originally got them to use on my ChalkOla Chalkboard Labels but have since learned they can be used for many projects.
"Love these markers!!  I am a teacher and am using them to mark on some laminated black pages for a chalkboard effect.  These pens do the job perfectly.  I do erase them with a wet paper towel, so the ink comes completely off the laminate.  I will definitely be buying these again!"
"These markers are wonderfully vivid, easy to use and hold. Will definitely buy again for our chalkboard wall!"
Awesome
"I love these markers, they are bright & work well. They just take a little longer then I thought it would to get the color started but definitely worth it!"
"These look fantastic on my wall, which is covered with chalkboard paint."
These markers are excellent.  I have used all the colors along with the chalk labels offered by Chalkola.  The colors are vibrant and the markers write easily across the surface of the labels.  The marker goes on thick and leaves a shinny appearance.; additionally you can easily create both thick and thin lines.  You can remove the marker easily by using a wet paper towel. The marker removes complete without traces left on the item.  You can easily write over and over on any non-porous surface.  When first receiving the markers shake well and press up and down rapidly several times to bring the ink to the tip of the marker.  I am having way too much fun using these markers to decorate the items in my office.  Would recommend for all crafters!  These markers work great for cards as well.  These markers are highly recommended!!!  Excited to see more items that Chalkola is going to create!
"I love love love these markers!!!! The colors are very vibrant and it goes on thick and does not smudge once dry. The color goes on smoothly and with even color. I right away tried these on my mirror, and was so impressed with the way they work that I also made some cool designs on my windows. The kids love them as well, my 9 year old daughter and five year old son also had lots of fun using these markers on  our windows and bathroom mirror. :). Also used them on our dry erase board and the colors make me sooo happy every time I look at it. Definitely will be buying more of these once they run out."
"Excellent wet wipe markets. Easy to use, beautiful colors and high quality. Kids love it for crafts projects, my husband uses them for his painitings and I use it on the whiteboard and also on glass...Our glasses have decorations on them thanks to Chalkola! I received a discount on the product but I'd buy it again without hesitation and plan on gifting it during the holidays."
I'm so excited that I got these! At first I figured they were going to be your typical markers. I was wrong! My kids and I have had so much fun with them! The color is nice and bright and the clean up is so easy! I can't wait to get mire for my neices and nephews for gifts! We used them on the mirror closet doors and have had hours of entertainment!
"My daughter (21 years old) is truly enjoying the markers.  She is using them to write on mirrors -- she's writing her ""To Do"" list as well as other thought provoking ideas.  She showed me via Skype and thee colors really stand out.  She's only had them a few days but is truly enjoying them."
"These markers are phenomenal. Previously, I purchased the neon markers from Expo for a black dry erase board. They were bright for a week and then quickly became dull and very hard to read. So the board sat empty and I reverted back to using paper for notes and math. Then lo, and behold, ChalkOla came to the rescue. Bright, vibrant colors that can be seen from very far away. More pointed tips for nuances and clarity. Good amount of erasability (doesn't smudge off when touched but you don't need to scrub it off, either).

Getting the markers started is the hardest part. You've got to shake them vigorously and press the tip up and down (as the instructions indicate). Once that's done, you're good to go. I will definitely be purchasing these again!"
These are the best chalk markers I've ever used! If you have kids you will understand how important it is that they easily wash off furniture and clothing. Although they clean up easily I have used them on 2 separate projects in my bathroom and haven't had a problem with them running or coming off.
"Wow these are awesome! I cannot say that enough. The colors are bright, the quality is excellent, and honestly they're a lot of fun to use. We used them for my son's birthday party to write on our chalkboard labels as well as make a birthday chalkboard sign (see picture). I've used another brand and honestly the quality wasn't near that of these. I'm very satisfied with this product."
"<div id=""video-block-R3IXMFCXUGSBHL"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ERuT8fevS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91Y3urgZPAS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Chalk-Markers-Pen-for-Chalkboard-Whiteboard-from-ChickartsTM-Offer-Premium-Quality-Child-Friendly-Non-Toxic-No-Dust-Perfect-for-Allergy-Suffers-Vivid-Fluorescent-Colors-with-High-Quality-Tip-Made-in-Japan-Start-Coloring-Your-World-Now/dp/B010OLBWX8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Chalk Markers Pen for Chalkboard & Whiteboard from ChickartsTM Offer Premium Quality, Child Friendly Non Toxic No Dust Perfect for Allergy Suffers, Vivid Fluorescent Colors with High Quality Tip Made in Japan, Start Coloring Your World Now!</a><a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Chalk-Markers-Pen-for-Chalkboard-Whiteboard-from-ChickartsTM-Offer-Premium-Quality-Child-Friendly-Non-Toxic-No-Dust-Perfect-for-Allergy-Suffers-Vivid-Fluorescent-Colors-with-High-Quality-Tip-Made-in-Japan-Start-Coloring-Your-World-Now/dp/B010OLBWX8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Chalk Markers Pen for Chalkboard & Whiteboard from ChickartsTM Offer Premium Quality, Child Friendly Non Toxic No Dust Perfect for Allergy Suffers, Vivid Fluorescent Colors with High Quality Tip Made in Japan, Start Coloring Your World Now!</a>This is the best markers I have ever used. I just tried these wonderful markers for the very first time and I am totally impressed with the vibrant smooth colors. The applications are precise and very easy to create beautiful masterpieces. I highly recommend these markers to anyone who wants a superior product!"
"After going through endless brands of dry-erase and wet erase marker, crayon and pencil options- this is my favorite! I use the chalk markers daily for teaching groups and art therapy. They are true to color and (thankfully) are bold enough to be seen on my white board, blackboard, windows and the glass top table. They are superb for drawing as well as writing. In short, these are school teacher/art teacher approved"
I am using these for a small boutique and they work great to display sales for customers.
Love them!
"Really beautiful, rich colors. Looks great on my business's chalkboards! Highly recommended"
"The colors of these markers are so vibrant! Plus there's no chalk dust to worry about! It takes a bit to get the color to bleed into the tip when you first use them. I do family/children photography as a hobby and they come in handy. They are now a permanent part of my prop bag. They work on glass too! They also work well with the cute Chalkola chalkboard labels, especially for organization. All around an awesome product with many uses."
I use them for menus at cafes. They write and flow very well.
"Just received today!  The instructions said to shake 30 second with cap on in upright position.  Did that, but no chalk.  Used a paper tell l towel to work the chalk into the tip, which took about 50 seconds before we could begin using them.  Nice vibrant colors.  We tried then out on the patio door.  They didn't even skip a beat while writing & drawing!  Clean was a cinch with a wet paper towel, then with a dry towel.  You do have to wipe several times with the dry towel, as there is a color residual left.  Overall, very nice markers, highly recommend for some fun on a rainy day or whenever!  Here's the link to our video review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwnkhG6Z-rI"
"These are the most reasonably priced chalk markers I could find online that still had good reviews. I'm really glad I got them because they are perfect for decorating chalkboards for my wedding decor. I have even used them to write on glass and plastic and they work perfectly. When I mess up what I'm writing, I can it remove it with water and a paper towel (even a little bit of spit works...!). The 10 colors are vibrant and pretty. So happy with this purchase. These honestly make me want to craft more than I do. They work on wood too."
Great!
This is a really great product that has so many uses.  I would highly recommend this for anyone artsy - but they are so easy to use and such high quality that they will make you artsy even if it does not come naturally.
"These are amazing!  Smooth tips with precise lines.  Colors are vibrant and chalk does not smudge after they dry.  I use mine on a DIY chalkboard on my pantry door and they look WAY better than traditional powdery chalk lines.  The chalk won't smudge on the board, it will however come off on your hands and cloths (FYI).  I have found the markers do not erase completely.  Not sure if it's because the surface I used them on was a DIY painted door but does leave a faint outline of the previous drawing."
Love these Chalk Markers!!! Love that the color is rich and vibrant.
"These Chalk markers are awesome. They are very high-quality markers with a bold thick line when you're writing with them. The colors are vibrant & show up well on glass & mirrored surfaces. The colors are bright & once you get the markers primed, there is endless amounts of crafts, projects, organizing that you can use these markers for. They show up very well on chalkboard & white board, but they are definitely fun to leave messages on the bathroom mirror for my husband or for the kids in their bathroom!!"
Great product! Exactly as described.  Goes on smoothly and easy to clean up.
Just follow the directions. I use em on glass and they are wonderful!
"These markers worked wonderfully, after shaking for 30 seconds and pressing the tip down to get the ink flowing (about another 30 seconds), they were good to go.

  I tested the markers on a chalkboard cutout, chalkboard labels, and a window.  They wrote beautifully without skipping and had rich, vibrant colors. They wrote equally easy with cursive and printing alike.

 All 3 surfaces were easy to erase with a simple wet dishcloth.

I'll be using these to label a variety of materials in my classroom to get it ready for the new school year.  I love that I'll also be able to use them on my classroom windows, posters, and a variety of other materials.  The sky is the limit with these markers!"
I love this my husband leaves me messages on my mirror. I am going to write on my greenhouse windows. Easy to clean too. Fun for the whole family. This is the type of product that is universal. It can be for adults and for kids. If you have a creative mind you can go wild with this during holidays and decorate all your winter for every festive moment.
Love these chalk markers! They write so smoothly and erase with just a wet wipe. I will definitely be buying more! Amazing colors!
"These markers are a superior quality and for the price, amazing! They stay on surfaces well without the need to fix smudges. They are bright and colorful and just what any business owner, photographer, bar, teacher, crafty mom needs! You name the occupation, and there is a purpose for these markers in it.  Don't bother buying another brand: you won't regret this purchase!"
"I ordered these after purchasing a set of chalkboard stickers, and they are really fun to use! They write smoothly, and have very rich vibrant colors. They work well on any nonporous surface, and are a simple cleanup using a wet cloth. So far I've used them for everything from labeling jars to drawing on my dry erase board. I used them with my chalkboard labels to label the drawers on my vanity, and included a couple of pictures."
"pretty good quality, just took a bit to get them to write."
GREAT Chalk Markers - FAST Shipping - THANKS!
I got these for Children's Church and I want some for home now! I love these!
"Great colors, easy to use.  I really like these chalk markers for use on my chalk board menu."
They work great
"These markers are thick making detail very hard to do, but they are fun to use."
Very pleased with this product. The colors are bright and fun. I look forward using these on many different projects.
"<div id=""video-block-R1GONZG2SVL0KQ"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1%2B1wlPJ1tS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91Gr-IEewQS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These ChalkOla Markers are so perfect for arts and crafts and for labeling chalk stickers. These ChalkOla markers glide on so smoothly like you are using a regular marker or pen. They wipe of easily if you mess up or need a change. I've always wanted them so i'm glad I was able to test them out."
I love these markers!! I will definitely be reccomending these to my family and friends. I have the labels from this company and they go perfectly together!!
AWESOME! Bought them for my restaurant feature board they work great! Very bright- would order them again
"I absolutely love these markers!!! I am a teacher and use them in my classroom daily. Unlike regular chalk, if students wipe it, it does not come off. It saves me a lot of time and they look great! Chalk Ola cares about their customers and customer satisfaction. I am 100% satisfied!"
Markers are bright beautiful and easy to get started and use. Love them! Make finer tipped ones!!!! Just a suggestion.
Love these!!! Originally purchased the ChalkOla 80 ct labels and then received a great offer from the seller for this 10pk of chalk markers.  Received them yesterday and immediately started testing them out on the labels with some friends.  They are great!!! Can't wait to use them for other things like decorating windows and creating more labels!  My boyfriend is an artist and he is excited to create something with them too!!  Both products from ChalkOla that I've ordered are great quality and really fun!!!! Looking forward to more purchases from this company!!!
Awesome product! Works great!
Love these markers.  Used them for signs in my gift shop and they are fun to use.  The seller also sends tips on using them which was a nice surprise.
"<div id=""video-block-R24BYCUCHM9ZDJ"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1vBwWeLLjS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81xyYFN94ZS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These are hands down the greatest and coolest markers I've ever used! We have had them long and we just love them already! So far we've used them with the Chalkola labels to label the dogs bowls for easy filling and my boys drawers for some hopeful help with organizing!  I also used them on my dry erase calendar and to leave notes on the mirror for my hubby!  My crafty daughter is just reeling with ideas of where she can use them!! Seriously awesome product Chalkola, thank you."
Fast shipping.  Great markers.  Easy to use and beautiful bright colors.
These are fantastic chalk markers! I spray paint wine bottles in chalk paint for my hosts and have all the guests sign the bottle as a token of my appreciation. I have messed up and these come off flawlessly with magic eraser. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because I wish the point was a bit finer.
These are great!
"INCREDIBLE!!!!  Used these yesterday, the only problem is we need more sets.  Easy to use with the grandkids.  Easy to use for the sister in law and myself.  I Think every home needs at least one package of these for sure."
I bought these to use for coloring.  ! was looking for different texture/finish for mix use on my projects.  These have what I'm looking for.  I do wish that there were either chisel or pointed tips so as to get finer lines.  But I realize this is not the original function of these pens.  Colors are vibrant.
These markers are super vibrant and clean up easily.
Love them.  They are nice and bright and clean off easily.  Have typical chalkboard (not paint or vinyl).  Tried it on glass as well and that worked just fine.  Very excited to use them.
My granddaughters absolutely love the chalk markers.
These are amazing. I had a great time drawing on our back window with my daughter.
The colors are difficult to wipe off the chalkboard items.  They leave a residue that stays behind.
this is the third set of chalk markers I've bought and these are by far the best I've gotten! The colors are so vibrant and they are so easy to write with!
Best investment I have made yet. They work perfectly and the colors are vibrant. I love my new chalk markers!
"These markers are amazing. They write smoothly once you get them going. They erase easily with a wet cloth. I used it all over my classroom. You can write on glass, plastic, chalkboards, etc. The colors are so bright and fun! I love them!!!"
We used it for a baby shower and the chalk marker worked very well. Make sure to shake the marker for a bit so the ink runs to the tip. It says it all in the direction. We liked It a lot. The ink was smooth and very evenly distributed as you write.
Excellent color on windows and easy to remove.
Great Chalk Markers! So much fun :0)
These markets are amazing! They come in an array of wonderful colors and are easy to use. My daughter and her friend decorated my car's windows with them and the decorations have lasted quite a few days and still look lovely.
"Takes a while to start the chalk flow, but once you get it they work great. Cleans easily off of an old chalkboard with a wet rag."
"good stuff, works well on dark glass and mirrors"
I've only had it for a couple days but they  worked great !!I have chalkboard painted my front door on the inside and these chalk markers work excellent. They show up really clear and bright . And I have no trouble erasing them 
"I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE these markers.  I just opened an ice cream store and have been using them EVERYWHERE!!  On my menu board, on the dipping cabinets, to label the jars...everywhere!!!  They write great unless you push to hard and mash the tip.  But that's a user error, not a product error.  Coming back now to buy two more packs."
"I received the chalk markers was very excited to try them .  However,  I've been unable to get them to work .I've followed directions and I plan on sending them back ."
nice color
"Great chalk markers.  I had bought some much more expensive ones at Blick and they did not hold up as well or write as smoothly.  I like that the tip on these is hard so it doesn't wear down with use and you can write smoothly.  Also, the black chalk marker is great!"
I was on amazon looking for a marker product that could write the specials on our special board at work everyday. I chose this product and was very pleased with them. They offer a beautiful color selection and work great. The size of the tip is perfect! The owner also checked in to make sure I received them and was happy with her product which was a nice added personal touch! great service and great product!
"So far so good -- I've only had these markers for a few days, and I typically try not to post reviews so early on. It does take a good minute+ to prime them, but the color is bright and is exactly what I was looking for."
Love the chalk markers! We use them on an plexiglass board. So much better than using dry-erase markers. Colors are bold. Follow the instructions for priming. It takes some time so no worries. Will be back for more at some point. Thank you!
These chalk markers work great! My daughter and I both love them.
These are great chalk markers! The best I've used so far. The colors are really spot on.
"Love, love, love these chalk markers!  They are easy to use and easy to remove once finished.  All the colors are nice and vibrant. They write very smoothly and are easy to handle."
I love these markers!  Thank you for the quick shipping.
love the colors!  Definitely neon!  They write well on our chalkboard wall.
Terrific pens - Very bright colors - they look great!
Love these! They are bright and clean up very easy. Been using these to write on chalkboard to use for month pictures of my babies.
Works great. Takes a little to get the paint down thru the tip but they draw smoothly. Loved the look I got and price is great for the variety you get compared to big stores choices.
These have been great. Needed some good chalk markers to make a custom sign and these made it easy. Having tried removing the chalk from a board yet but the colors are vibrant and pretty.
"Great price and good product. I am buying my supplies ahead of time for next fall, and these were on sale. It takes some time to prime the ink, but once the pens are ready, the ink comes out smoothly and the colors are bright."
These markers are AWESOME!! Best pigmented smooth flowing chalk marker I have used! The colors are so vibrant and pigmented they are EXACTLY what I was looking for!!! And the price was unbeatable and the cheapest I've seen yet. Even without the sale price these markers are worth every penny! So excited I ordered them.. I have been going back and forth for so long on weather or not to order a set and then when I saw the sale price I immediately placed an order and I'm beyond glad that I did!!! Best quality marker at an unbeatable price sold from a small business.. Couldn't ask for anything better then that!!
"Love it, great customer service."
"Great product, nice wide 6mm tip."
"I love love love these markers. I ordered them for my black glass dry erase board, they work great.  It took a little bit to get them started,  but with some patience,  it only took a few minutes to get all of them going.

Upon arival the blue marker was cracked  and some of the ink was running out of the bottom of the pen. I didn't really care that much about it because I love the other Pens in the pack so much. but when the owner of the company sent an email asking about the product personal, I let him them know about it. needless to say their customer service is great and within 45 minutes of my first email a new package of markers was sent to me complimentary. I will definitely order from them in the future."
Wonderful chalk markers!!! They write so clear and dry quickly! Very easy to clean up too! I absolutely love these and am so half we bought them.
These worked as promised. I would recommend to others and purchase again.
These chalk markers are just wonderful. I love the vibrant colors. They are popping!  It was extremely easy to wipe off of our window when finished decorating.  I would mention that it takes some work to get the chalk liquid flowing.  So don't toss them if you think they are dried out! Just shake and keep pressing down on the tip to get it going.  And Enjoy!
"Great chalk markers.  Colors are vibrant and stay in place.  Only downfall is their limited use on upright surfaces.  It can be hard to get the ""chalk"" flowing and staying that way sometimes with vertical surfaces."
"A must have for crafters and doodlers!!  The colors are bright, no odors and dries super fast!  I was hesitant to let my little artist loose with them but they are so safe and kid friendly!! We have travel size white boards and we won't take a trip without these.  The older kids have used them for storefront windows, car windows and mirror messages.  I bought them for chalkboard use and have labeled drink glasses, mason jars, and frig containers, too."
"It takes a while to prep the markers, but once its started, it writes beautifully and erases easily with water."
These were great for the board I made using chalkboard paint! A very nice product with great bright colors.
This is my first time using chalk markers. Love the colors. Easy to use and erase.
Nice product.  Bought for labels but my son and his wife used to decorate my chargers for plates.
"My students and I love how bright and vibrant they are! Thank you for a wonderful product, they are a great addition to my classroom supplies!!!"
"Great product! The pens are easy to work with and don't leak or dry our like some others.
The Metallic colors work well on different surfaces"
Love these markers!!!
Amazing product and amazing customer service to match! Colors are vibrant! Would buy again!
These pens are awesome.  To get them to work you have to push down for a bit to get the liquid to the tip but after that you are good to go.  I had a friend of mine who teaches art at NYU try them out and she loved how well they worked.  If it passes her approval then you know its good to go.  We used them on chalk board paper and the signs turned out gorgeous.  The colors were very vibrant and are smooth to write with.  Next up is to try them out on windows and glass.  Happy coloring!
"I love the chalkboard markers! They are easy to use, write brighter than chalk and are less messy by far!"
"I bought a large black glass/magnetic board. Neon colors are perfect and these markers glide across the glass like lipstick on tile. I am pleased with the markers. You have to ""pump"" the felt tip when new and shake the pens a short bit, but work well. After I ordered them the company customer service person sent me an email to let me know if I had any questions and I was glad to have that support. I like to support companies like this. Thanks for a nice product."
Excellent markers! Just what i wanted! The neon colors POP on the chalkboard! Thanks!
"Great markers, thank you."
"I love these markers!  The colors are bright, easy to start the initial
flow of chalk.  Child safe! Non toxic.
So far I've written on glass, chalkboard & plastic.  Beautiful results.
I'm planning to purchase the finer points next time.

Very happy with my purchase,
Maureen"
"So fun!  They write smoothly, and are fun to use."
"Love these pens, great for leaving notes for my kids everywhere."
"These markers work excellently on my black dry erase board. Colors are very vibrant and I am easily able to write big or small. Company customer service is also top notch! Highly recommend these smooth writing markers. I originally bought skinny markers, but they just didn't do the job. Glad I found these instead. They make my weekly board updates look great!"
Once they start to flow these are great. Love the colors. Kids like them also.
Very nice product. I began using them immediately and am very impressed with the vivid colors.
I had never used chalk markers before and was very impressed with how easy these are to use and how smooth and beautiful the writing looks on my chalk wall surface I made on the back of my wall of cubbies in my classroom. Chalkola sent me an email before the markers even can with some useful information on how to get started with my new markers which I found very helpful.
"I recently received my set of Chalkola chalk markers and am very pleased.  My home kitchen menu board is fabulous and always gets a surprised and pleased reaction from dinner guests when they see what the ""chef"" has planned for dinner.  My only suggestion is to include the directions to get the pens started, in the box they come in.  I was at first concerned the pens had dried out but a quick internet search turned up several videos of what do expect and to do to ""start the flow"". I later got an email with instructions but had already figured out what to do.

 Otherwise, the pens are great and superior to the brand I had bought before.  Good product."
received these great markers in a timely fashion.  They were exactly what I wanted.
very nice product - mom and teacher and love them!
Great markers and they work beautifully! Really happy with my purchase and can't wait to use them on a bunch of projects.
"These markers are amazing. They have great color, dry fast and are thick, not watery at all.

My kids used these for a school project and the teacher was impressed on how well decorated the project was due to the chalk markers. I even  did my own white board using an empty glass photo frame and used these chalk markers and it worked wonderfully."
Amazing Amazing and amazing. Made my first sign when they arrived and they are perfect. I love the color and choices perfect for all my creations
"meh, not exactly the greatest of these sort of markers on the market--- the pigment bleeds easily, is difficult to control at a finer level and is not nearly as ""erasable"" as they are made out to be"
very happy with order no complaints
"Bought these for my daughter to play with on her chalk board, she is in love with them!"
Pleased with price and performance!!
I love these markers!!! They are so vibrant and colorful. They are easy to write with and so easy to clean off. I have been using them on a chalkboard and have been thrilled with the way the colors against the dark colored board.
These work great on both paper chalkboards. Super easy to wash off! Highly recommended!!!
Got the markers today. They work great. Kids love them and they clean up easily.
Lovely vivid colors and super handy and fun.  We love ours.
"These markers have been a hit in my house!  Everyone wants to use them!  Great colors, easy to clean up.  Will be buying more!

I've purchased another set of these & also a pack of just white chalk markers.  We all love them and everyone who comes here & has used them loves them too!"
Love it! Bright colors and works perfectly!
"My 3 1/2 and almost 6 year old love writing with these on our window!  My six year old practices writing her words with them and they draw.  I have to shake well and supervise closely, but it is a fun activity."
"Got these with a special discount coupon but I really used them to see how I like them before doing this review. I LOVE THEM. The colors are so vivid. Can't wait to do some really cool things with them. (Holiday windows, party decor, chore lists) endless possibilities!"
Markers work great and the colors are bright!
"These pens are great, I am purposely using them on all my cute little chalkboard label stickers that adorn my craft room jars.  Great quality, great colors!"
"Got this product on a whim, and I couldn't be happier. Be sure to read all the instructions and follow as to ensure the pens work as they should Beautiful, bright colors! Can't wait to start craftin with em!"
"Great, bright colors.  Look great on black surfaces!  (I haven't tried the black or brown, but based on the others, they'd do great on a light surface!)  They are very fat tip, so beware if you have limited space- but careful enough and you can even get smaller lettering to look nice."
Great price and a good selection of colors. I love using these on glass or on chalkboard!
Love these!
"<div id=""video-block-R1JXZ52GYLJN0Z"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1DNBl9B12S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/910L4zqFlVS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;My quick review of the Chalkola markers."
Just what I hoped they would be. Vivid colors and easy flow.  My chalkboard horse had never looked better!
these are great color and easy to use!!!
"Smooth writing, vivid colors! Went right to making chalkboard signs."
"I honestly did not know what to expect, but ChalkOLa markers have proven to be a great product which easily paints bright, easily visible colors on any non-porous surface. They dry fast and stay on surfaces until I wipe it down with a damp cloth. Very versatile little medium."
"I love these! My son and I have been using these on the windows to help him learn to write, (more fun than a chalkboard) and I'm very pleased with how well they write and erase.  Great product!"
Absolutely thrilled with these chalk markers.  They are as described and I received a bonus pamphlet filled with ideas for more uses.
Awesome chalk pens!
These markers look fantastic on any surface! I love it the most on my mirror. The colors are very pigmented and very vibrant. I feel like a kid again. Someone give me a coloring book! The truth is I actually cannot wait to use these to spice up the car for EDC this summer!!!!! Going to have the cutest car on the freeway :) EGGCITED
"This was a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves the markers.  I have not used it.  Therefore, I am giving four stars only."
Love these chalk markers!  Bright colors great coverage and fun to use.
"I was very happy with the fun colors that the markers produced on the chalkboard.  I used it to write my Easter menu and everyone was impressed.  But when I came to wash the chalkboard after everyone left, the color came off but a shadow of all the words remained on the chalkboard.  I tried water, Windex, and a mild dish detergent.  I also wrote the company but did not even receive an acknowledgement.

Very disappointed. All I'm looking for is a solution to removing the shadow.  If that doesn't happen, I'll have to get a new chalkboard.  Not at all what I was looking to do."
There are great fun for the kids!
"I bought these to write on the ping-pong table at my start-up. They're really fun and brightly colored, but strangely enough I've noticed they don't work as well over time. Some colors appear to be watered down and don't come out brightly anymore. Not sure if its user error or if theres something wrong with the markers."
very wonderful - kids just love them
"<div id=""video-block-R2HSG7PUW951VJ"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1hsdCQlQ8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81ehI%2BxVFyS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I got to test this product for free. It was a little bit out of my comfort zone - I typically paint with watercolors and rarely use markers. This was also my first exposure to chalk markers. The short version of the long video review - I like them, my kids like them. Some minor improvements would be nice (and the manufacturer did ask me for suggestions, hence the somewhat critical tone in the video :)). I am really looking forward to the more traditional colors in the new set.
Another thing I didn't mention in the video - I used these when outlining sewing patterns on fabric. They work great for that and I prefer them to using pencils or regular dressmaker chalk."
"Markers arrived as promised. On time, no damage and they work great. I purchased them for my wife after she had issues with the ones she used in her shop. She loves the brightness of the colors and selection."
"Vibrant colors,just a little work to get started."
"I really wanted to like these to be honest. I was excited that they drew on black paper, and I couldn't wait to use them. The colors were great, and that wasn't the issue. For me, It was disappointing that in order to get the ink out, you have to press the tip to the paper a couple of times in order to pump it out. If you don't pump enough, the tip won't have any ink, but if you pump out too much ink, the ink will pour out from the top of the tip instead."
"I was excited to use these ""vibrant"" colored chalk markers, however they did not perform as I had hoped.  I had a very difficult time getting the chalk paint to flow, even though I followed all the directions.  Also the paint was opaque rather than solid as the other brand I was using.  It was also smeary, runny and difficult to remove.  I will stick to trusted brands and not purchase chalk-ola in the future."
These are amazing!! So bright and colorful.
"Awesome markers, great for use in my classroom!"
Love love love these! Me and my daughter use them all the time! I just saw three of these in hobby lobby for $14 so this is a great deal!
Love these markers! The colors are nice and vibrant. The tip is strong and seems it will be long lasting!
Love these markers. They write very smoothe and are nice bold colors. They didn't fade and stood out. They were exactly what I was looking for.
"Love love love these fun markers.  We will post pics this weekend after my grandson is done with his project
He loves the ease of them as well as the fun colors"
These are great! Love them!
"The markers are bright and beautiful and gorgeous. I used them on a wall I had covered in chalkboard paint. Works great on this surface and with a wet cloth comes off great, too. The shipping was really fast as well."
"These are great! I've read that they work well on porous surfaces as well, but haven't tried that yet. My kids' Easter Baskets had a small chalkboard attached to the front where the ""Easter Bunny"" could write their names or whatever. These were perfect for that! I will also be using them at work (a children's playroom at a gym) to decorate the windows, etc. The colors are vibrant! Looking forward to seeing how long they last."
"These were tough to erase, but they look great."
"Loved the markers, they were bright and colorful. It just took a while for the ink to get to the tip and them you had to hold the marker straight up to get the best look. It took a wet cloth to remove the marker from the chalk board."
Love these. I leave them in bathroom and write notes on my hubby's side of mirror
Very bright colors and the applicator allows for precise placement of the chalk ink.  I was quite pleasantly surprised by these.
This product is neat and fun for the entire family.  I never knew chalk came like this but what a great idea.
These our my families favorite!! These have been the best markers we have ever had! The kids love them to write and draw pictures all over the sliding glass door!!! When these things run out we are going to get more. Thank you for such a great product!!!
My granddaughter loves her chalk markers!  Fast service and great price!
Vibrant colors. I have only tried on white board so far but I love them!
"These markers have beautiful color and are very easy to use.  The ink flow is steady and it washes off easily!  We love them!!
We use them to do our menu board, words and pictures"
Awesome product at an awesome price! I love these markers for crafts!
"I did purchase these markers as a ""special offer"" price in return for posting my opinion of this product.
These chalk markers have bright, vibrant colors. This set includes all colors I most frequently use.
We have used mostly on glass and find the size of the marker tip to be just write for our printing and decorating.
The colors on the surface are true to the lid color and are easily readable.
While I did research chalk markers, appropriate surfaces for use, and how to remove the ink, I feel the amount of effort needed
to remove the ink from our surfaces is more that I had anticipated. For this reason, I have given these markers a 4-star rating.
The directions state to use a WET cloth to remove the ink. We found that, in fact, the cloth does need to be wet, not damp, but wet, to completely remove most of the ink colors. We have experimented and have found that the effort required to remove the colors is varied. For example. the light blue took a fully wet cloth and some pretty good force to remove from our glass board while the light pink came off with almost a dry cloth and a light buffing. The wet cloth been a slight issue for us, as the chalk marker ink is highly pigmented and can stain hands and surfaces while ""erasing""/removing the drawings/printing. I think this is a learning curve for us when using these chalk markers.
I hope the markers contain enough chalk ink to last for a fair amount of usage. We love the brightness of the colors!
I would purchase these chalk markers again, but would, again, do so at a reduced price and knowing full well what is involved in removing the ink."
"These markers are amazing! I use them to mark the expiration date on my glass food canisters. When the canister is empty, I just wash the marker away, refill & re-mark with the new expiration date. The markers work great on chalkboard, glass, and even plastic. Would recommend these for any project!! Five stars!!!"
"<div id=""video-block-R2D5MQOJVMMOND"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1F0dC3ExUS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81mUCuKCfxS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These markers are really fun to mess around with. It took a while to get the ink actually working but once I did they were easy to use. I used them on chalkboard paper, whiteboard and glass; and they worked really well. They are a little hard to color one color right next to another because it transfers. Also, don't try coloring on top of a dry color as it will only take the dry color off. There were two problems that really hurt it though; because they are so expensive, consumers won't want to buy these as much as other markers. I also wonder how long they will last. However, I have to say they are definitely worth the buy."
AWESOME!!!
"<div id=""video-block-R2VH8VUGBMR0P4"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1kFuCkiCIS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81v03nlTmzS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;These markers, guys. If you want to tap into your inner childhood, you might want to buy a pack. They have a very smooth, paint-like texture, and the colors can actually blend together. I was very impressed with the white marker because after touching color from a marker, it isn't ruined forever. Just draw a little with it and the tip loses the stain. I'm having way too much fun with these things. Draw Skeletor in someone's shower, make selfies more interesting, draw mustaches on your family photos before everyone else wakes up, the possibilities are endless.

In my opinion, these work more smoothly on glass, but still work great on any non-porous surface. Clean-up is nothing, it wipes off very easily with a paper towel. It's kinda therapeutic, how easily it comes off. I highly recommend these markers. If you work at a cafe and you're writing the menu, sell cars, or just want to mess with people, these are the markers for you"
"This is a really great product, I was a bit skeptical at first, but it turned out to exceed my expectations. For my first use I was testing almost everything I believed had a non porous surface, and every time it came right off (even on some rough wood a bit polished), some instances it didn't even have to be wet (but I still recommend to use a wet cloth or even paper towel). Feeling a little bit crazy, I decided to use it on a porous-ed surface, and either two things will happen, you will be scrubbing for a while, or a stain will be left, but may come with right direction (but they tell you not to do that so). Also something you may like, or may not like is that they are quite wet so if you use two colors on or near each other it will mix, unless you let it dry for a bit, but this can be thing you probably love or find a bit irritating, but it is really no biggy. Last but not least, can your children draw on the walls with it, the answer is it depends. For me it worked perfectly, which came by complete accident, as my little sister saw me testing it out she, went all on the first try, and luckily for me it came right off. I was unsure if the wall was porous or not, so if you're unsure and want to try, dot a small area of your wall, at your own risk, I really believe most walls are nonporous even with bumps, but I am no expert. This product is really cool, usually I would recommend to certain people, but if anyone is feeling a bit artsy I'd recommend it to them."
Decorated my windows at work and love it!!
"So far we love these, bright and once you get it working its reliable."
"My markers arrived in a ripped envelope.  The marker package had also opened.  The marker set was missing a black marker.  The markers work well, but I wish I had the black marker.  That is probably the most useful color.  I tried the white marker on plastic.  It wrote well and wiped off easily."
I've just used them on a whiteboard thus far but the colors are very nice and bright!
"These are absolutely amazing! It's dose take some time to get them started and the chalk to come down, but over all a great product"
Worked as described.  Nice colors!
Love the brightness of the colors. They do take a lot of priming to get the ink flowing but they work great once you get them started.
These are fun markers. I love how brilliant the colors are!  My kiddos use these and they like how smoothly they write.  The finished product looks great!
"Awesome product, fast shipping!"
"These markers are a lot of fun!  I ordered them from Amazon and I wasn't really sure what to expect.  My first thought was 1. Chalk is washable and 2. These are in a marker form so they should be great for the kids room right?

 We continue to foster and sometimes, it's kind of hard to personalize a bedroom for each and every child that comes and goes.  These markers were the perfect solution!  I used an assortment of the markers to color on the bedroom mirror our little girls name and several cute little pictures of her favorite things!  These were absolutely perfect for what I wanted to do! My favorite feature though is how brilliantly bright the colors are!  They really add that special highlight to the room."
"I am a middle school lunch lady and every day we write the menu for the kids on a chalkboard. These markers are so much nicer to use than chalk! And I can create fun artwork that gets the kids to actually look at the menu. The colors are beautiful and attention grabbing, and the markers wipe very cleanly for the next day. LOVE these! Ordering another set for my home!"
"<div id=""video-block-R2U2QJNYK8C92S"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A10oc3gADtS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71pjveoh6iS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Excellent Product!  Easy to use and most importantly, easy to clean up!  Great for most surfaces including glass, windows, polished wood, whiteboards, and more.  Loved it!."
These are great! They write smooth and make my posters so pretty!
My daughter loves them!
Great bold colors! Easy to use!
Haven't used them much yet but they write really smooth. Have yet to try erasing them. I love the bright colors! I bought them mainly to use for our beginning and ending school year pictures.
These markers are AWESOME!  They are they are bright vibrant colors and very easy to use.  I've done a few craft projects with these markers and was very happy with the results. I even let me children use these markers to make gifts for their Grandparents!  I would highly recommend these markers.  I will be buying a second set of markers very soon :)
Love these markers!
I am amazed how vibrant these markers are on the chalkboard and how easily they wipe clean.  I can't wait to try them on the windows with my kids this summer.
"These chalk markers are great!  My family uses them to decorate the windows for the different holidays.  They're super bright, and hold up to the AZ sunshine!  I love that they're so easy to wipe off, too!  I for sure recommend this fun set to anyone!"
It's really good and fast!! thx!
Great product! Very bright beautiful colors & easy to use. Love them!
"These worked great. The colors were vibrant, and they wiped off easily with a damp cloth. They took a second to get started, but it was similar to any paint pen. They flowed nicely once they were started. They arrived quickly also! The bonus pack of metallic markers was fun, too! They aren't as big as the regular markers, but the colors are just as vibrant."
This will be my second set. This one I'm getting to try colors for my review.
Love these!  They arrived on time and work great.  Thanks f
I added these to a few other sets of chalk markers and they are great.  I have no complaints and I love the colors.
Good product writes nicely.
LOVE..LOVE..LOVE the bright colors!! Perfect gift for a artistic person! Will be getting more!!!!!!!
sooo cool love these!  Way better than actual chalk!
The colors are very vibrant and easy to use
Works great on car windows but had to shake the heck out of them to get it to work. Have not tried them on any other surface
"I love these markers.  The colors are amazing and so fun.  My husbands business just had a spring fair booth and we used the markers to write on glass, chrome, paper, etc.  After 3 days of being displayed, the were easily wiped off.  I did use index wipes, but only had to use a little elbow grease.  People touched the signs and brushed up against them throughout the 3 days and the markers didn't smear."
Love the colors and the way the tip writes; looks great on a message board on a black refrigerator!
"Love the colors and feel of these markers. After having chalk boards to decorate our wedding, chalk markers have become a staple in my home.  From crafts to everyday lists, these are perfect for us! Love the variety of colors!"
Bright and colorful markers. Easy to use and dried the exact color as the cap.
These are awesome! Write well and wipe off easily!
"Every other chalk marker is a joke compared to these!!! They pop on everything you put it on and easy to use doesn't smell bad. I am forever buying this brand and recommending to everyone!

UPDATE just got my second Batch and I use them for everything!"
"I ordered the neon ones because i have an all black chalk board and anything else just looks dull. Well I got them and they sent the regular almost matte normal ones... which really sucks... and they suck to use. The tip is so big that just getting the paint thats inside on it takes a crazy amount of time and then they dry out quickly, aren't vibrant at all, don't last long. And they came looking all beat up with the package ripped to shreds in a perfectly manicured envelope so i know it wasn't the shipping that was to blame. I wouldnt order again. Blick sells them so much better."
"These are fun to use and I like the variety of colors! I use them around the house to write messages of love and inspiration to my family. Mirrors, windows, nothing's safe!!! It's all good though because it easily washes off. They come in a variety of colors so you can express yourself freely. It takes a good amount of pressing for the paint to make it to the tip but these were a great buy."
Excelent Quality
I bought these for my kids and they love them.  They work great. Not as much as a mess as regular chalk.
"These work amazing, the colors are so bright and gorgeous!!!!! I am very pleased with these!!!"
"I actually bought this item to use in my classroom. It is hard to clean off of white boards, but I was able to use it on glass and it was cool."
Goes on smoothly. Great product!
Really cool product because it can be used on different surfaces but it can easily be removed with windex.
"Tried them out on a mirror as soon as I got them and they are awesome! Love the brightness of the colors, takes some time for the liquid to get to the tip but overall they are great!"
"This product is incredible. I love it!!! We used the markers on our dey erase board, the fridge, the dishwasher lol everything!!! My 3year old adores these!"
Awesome markers. Writes smooth and really great colors!  Thank you.
Love LOVE LOVE these markers. Vibrant beautiful colors. Follow the directions and you will be fine
"I got these Markers yesterday and was super excited to use them on my chalkboard! I went ahead and used them on it and it looked so neat and the colored where so bright!!! Then when it came to cleaning it was the sad part I first used a wet wash cloth to wipe it off and that didn't work then the other thing it said I could clean it with was Windex and that didn't work. So now I have a chalkboard I canno longer use.

Over all the markers work great but just DONT USE THEM ON A CHALKBOARD IT WONT COME OFF!!!"
Best chalk markers I have ever used! Money well spent!
I think these are wonderful. My students cannot wait until I write the spelling words on the board. They are bright bold and stand out against both white boards as well as my black board.
Love it!!
"As a teacher I am constantly looking for fun, kid friendly ways to spice up my classroom walls. These markers are vibrant, long lasting, easy to use and durable. Definetly would buy again."
Love the markers. They work great on the charts I have made with them!
Have great control of your writing and make any signs or chalkboards look better than they ever would with regular chalk! The color selection is great too!
Love the color! Leaves bright smooth lines which makes any project look so much better
Love it! Would buy it again.
"Vibrant and fun markers that are easy to clean up. I use them to write on my glass desk, but have also used them on mirrors!"
Wow! This liquid chalk markers will take your DIY and art projects to a whole other level! I am so happy with the quality of these markers and how long it lasted! I was also very grateful that after I made some mistakes on my project I was able to clean it off easily with glass cleaner. The parts that I did want to stay on though lasted long. Such an amazing product!
I bought these markers to use on chalkboard paper.  So far I have used them on regular paper and my wine glass! Like that they are washable and love the colors.  Fun to be able to temporarily write your name on something on a wine glass!
They did the job! Highly recommended
"I first ordered these pens worrying that they may be a bit hard to draw with having used ""dry erase"" markers and such. I was pleasantly surprised to find the colors super bright and VIVID! They really pop and stand out on a dark background, the flow is very smooth and is almost exactly like high end paint pens I have used for canvas art.  I would highly recommend these for any temporary art projects where you need a professional permanent look, but a less permanent paint applied.

I just did a quick drawing with three colors on my plastic pen box to take a photo for this review. GREAT coverage on the first coat, and just like paint pens, quick drying, and the best thing is if you mess up, you can fix it quickly with a perfect erase! Paint pens have never been so easy :P

I will definitely be using these for the holidays to put up some holiday art on the windows! I have even toyed with making some stop motion animation on my television since they simply wash away.

Great product! A great color selection, and I hope to see even more colors in the future!  *HONK THE PLANET*"
Very vivid colors. Markers work great. Be sure to read the instructions on how to got the makers working the first time. It takes some priming to get the color flowing.
"I bought these for my two-year-old child to use to draw on our windows and the glass on our doors.  Per the instructions, I had to shake each pen and press the tip down for about 20 seconds for the color to drain down to the tip.  Each pen worked great, and my daughter had a lovely time drawing/coloring on our windows.  The colors were bright. The markers worked well.  Everything was easy to wipe off of the glass.  I am happy with this purchase."
"I am so pleased with these pens. The colors are vibrant on my black labels. They took a little patience to get the ink to the tip. Once it came out, perfect! I tried to remove my writing after it dried, I'm impressed it came off easily. Great product!"
"The markers worked well, very colorful. My only complaint is that it is very hard to erase. I tried the markers on both blackboard and a whiteboard and in both boards it leaves a mess when trying to erase my work. Markers are great on those types of boards if you will leave your work on for a long time. It wasn't really what I was expecting. I will probably try something else."
"I was so excited to get these and play with them.

I own a business and our sandwich board is a chalk board. I am in love with these, the colors are strong and vibrant and because they are larger the letters are almost bold compared to the little pen ones I found locally.

Only con I could see is I don't think you would do well with these on a sidewalk unless its super smooth. Since the tips are similar to a sharpie material (felt??)"
"GREAT ITEM!
Pros-The markers write easily and the colors are bright.  I used them on the chalkboard at school, and I did not have any trouble with color leaking or dripping out.  They also dry fast.

Cons- It takes a long time to get the ink to come down for the first use."
"These markets work excellent, i love the bright brilliant opaque color selection and especially that they have no odor. Save to use, especially for kids. Highly recommended!"
"These are really cool!! The colors are very vibrant and can easily go over each other and cover up the dark with a lighter color. They dry pretty quickly as well. I am an artist and these are really fun to work with.

The only downside is to get these started take a while to get the ink down to the tip, kind of obnoxious if you ask me."
"Got these with Contact chalkboard.  They write nicely but I wish the points were finer.  They remove with water.  Colors are BRIGHT and u can see them from a distance.  I use them and the chalkboard for shopping lists (have chalkboard on a cabinet in the kitchen) and for appts. on a whiteboard.  This was a good buy.  UPDATE:  Have had them on my board for about two weeks (it is a grocery list I make as I run out of things) and am finding out that the writing, once removed, leaves a sort of shadow behind.  I have only used water so far but when I am finished removing all of my list, I will use SOAP and water to see if that doesn't remove the shadow.  If not, then the whole board will have to be changed and the old one thrown away.  The colors START out bright but dull as the days go on and start blending into the black chalkboard - this is not acceptable to me.  Once these colors are used up, I will switch companies for a finer pointed ""chalkpen"" and colors that will stay bright but I don't think any of them will stay bright so I might lose on that end.  UPDATE: I bought these in Feb and already they have dried out and it is now Dec.  I found that after they dry out, you have to bang them to get the rest of the ink out which makes them FLATTER/BROADER and cannot in ANY sense be used for small spaces like a calendar.  In the long run, these were NOT worth the price."
These are great! Bright colours.
Wrote Happy Valentine's  Day on my chalkboard. It will not wipe off with wet rag or windex. Is there another trick to get it off?
We love these! It took a few minutes to get them all working but my kids love using these. We picked up a $3 chalkboard paper to attach to the table & they sat for hours drawing. Shipped fast & great price.
Really like the product! The chalks colors are bright and write smoothly. Colors are very pretty! We use this all the time.
"I absolutely adore these liquid chalk markers.  The colors are bright and vibrant; you merely need to prime them properly.  :)  Just like a paint pen, you want to cap the marker and shake it to hear the little shaker inside of it--and shake it well!  Once you've really mixed the liquid up, take off the cap and press the tip of the pen down onto some scrap paper to be sure the liquid color soaks into the tip.  Once you see the markers draw smoothly on the paper, you're ready to go!

This was a great pairing with my magnetic chalkboard for the refrigerator.  :)"
These chalk markers are incredible! They go on like markers but then they wipe off like chalk!  I am in love and will buy more later. I would recommend to friends and family. Awesome product!
I love these Chalk Markers!  I have used them SO much in my classroom!  They are so easy to clean up and leave less residue than my dry erase markers!
Shipped promptly.  Excited to use. Will update review when I receive.
Items as described and arrived undamaged.
"Hi my name is Raven Shugart and I just finished testing these Chalkola markers. The colors are very beautiful, they work on many different surfaces, and they wipe away easily. Over all I would rate these markers 4 out of 5. I enjoy them very much."
"<div id=""video-block-RAULJKHS0NZLL"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1306bt7GXS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81CtUf5lbJS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;&nbsp;I was asked to do a review on the Chalk la markers... its my first time using chalk markers.. and I have to say.... I love it !!! its so much fun!!
the colors are so vibrant! And you have a good range as well ""cool colors, warm colors and neutrals"". you can use them on different surfaces such as paper, glass plastic, metal and much more!! not to mention they are easy to clean which makes them good for kids as well."
Great chalk markers. Lots of fun.
These chalk markers glide on smooth on any non-porous surface. Great for any use!  Wipes away clean!  Will definitely buy again!
Love these! Bright colors great lines recommend them to everyone
"These are great.  I have to remember to let it dry before before I move whatever it is that I wrote on or it smears.  Nice vibrant colors, white doesn't show up too vivid though.  Takes a little bit to get the color to start with, but instructions state that.  Only thing is I wish they came in a finer point tip as you can't write very small.  Neat product.  Works great for writing on the glass of photo frames."
"Chalkola Premium Chalk Markers are so easy to use, and leave bright vibrant colors on mirrors, windows, and dry erase boards. Leave your loved ones notes, or draw pretty designs on your dull lifeless mirrors and windows. They work great!"
"The markers are really bright and looks great on the chalk stickers I have, the only problem I have is the tips they write really big, so if you have a small area you can't get everything on the area, other than that they are good."
"I wanted to do a video review, but after trying for several weeks to figure it out... it just has not worked. However that is how much this product is fantastic! I wanted to show you just how easy these markers glide compared to some others that are supposed to be ""high"" grade. These ones you push down to get them going, and once the ink is flowing - that is all you have to do you don't have to shake them and shake them to get the ink to continue... they just WORK!!! They are fantastic!!!!! and they write nice!!! You don't have to stop and start again because the ink stops NOTHING! THEY JUST WORK GREAT!!!! I threw out the other markers! I will not use any other ones now. I do have one tip though, for projects because they are a pigment ink - spray with a finish spray because they do have a true chalk finish and can be a little dusty depending on how you do your project. But that is dependent on how you are creating your project. Again BEST chalk markers I have ever seen!"
"A bit of a disclaimer first. I'm not an expert when it comes to markers. I'm an artist, but prefer to work in black and white. Any coloring I do is typically digital.
However...
I've been experimenting with markers more and more lately and have been pretty impressed with the ease of use. I'm not sure I'll ever get to the point that I'm comfortable enough with the permanency of working with colors this way, but this product gives me the ability to 'do over' when working on a white board. That's a huge plus.
My eye is not trained enough to really comment on the brilliance of the colors, or the selections in the pack, but I've not come across any limitations yet.
If this company plans on making some black drawing ink, and white ink correction pens, I'll be first in line. For the time being though I'll continue to learn what markers can do for me with this great starter pack."
I highly recommend these markers. Great for all kinds of surfaces. I work at a bistro and these are much better than the regular chalk.
"<div id=""video-block-R8A5TD3RD6X9G"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1VCgejeoiS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915Gbxui1RS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Hey guys,
I thought I would just break these in and make my first video review! I tried them on glass, marker board, and a traditional chalkboard. Before the video, I also tried them on my car window. They came off clean with water and an old rag. I think the colors showed up really well on any of the surfaces, especially the black chalkboard."
"We used the Chalkola Chalk Markers on our window to decorate for Valentines Day. My 8 year old loved drawing on the window and really enjoyed using the markers. It took a little while for the ink to reach the tip of the marker, but once they started working- the colors were vibrant! The kids colored a little bit on the windowsill but it came off easily with a little water and a towel. We learned a couple things while coloring. First of all the colors do dry fairly quickly which has advantages and disadvantages. We found that it could make it difficult to color in a heart fully because some of the color would dry before you had colored everything in. Then, when coloring the heart- the marker would remove a little of the color that had already dried. Not a big issue for us, though. Also, I noticed that the marker dried a bit at the tip when the cover was left off of it for a while- this made it more difficult to color, but once you put the cover on and shook the marker a few times it became moist and easy to color with again. Overall we enjoyed these markers! We just need to find some more uses for them."
What a wonderful gift for my teen daughter who is artistically inclined! We were persuaded to buy after watching some of the video reviews. The colors are bright and vivid! We really like how fast it dries.
We love them they work on everything! They work Great have used them on many surfaces with out a problem.
"These markers are wonderful. I tried them out on a variety of surfaces with no issues. It does take a little bit to prep them at first, but once that is over they are good to go each time you pick them up. That is no different than other ""paint"" markers though. There's a great color selection as well."
I really liked how they worked and how fast they dried.  I can't wait to really get into using them all!
Nice chalk markers. Colors Are bold and much easier to use than regular chalk Great seller and fast shipping.
"I really liked these markers! I used them to write on windows, and the colors were really bright and they didn't smudge. My only complaint was the color green- it was weirdly watery and much less vibrant than the other colors.
Overall I would recommend these!"
These markers are great! I love how vibrant the colors are. They look so nice and crisp on my different chalkboard surfaces. I would highly recommend!
"These are absolutely the best thing ever! I bought for my teen aged daughter and she loves them. The colors are bright, they do not flake, are easy to clean and so much fun. She used for a project at school and the colors gave it so much life. She also wrote on her face for a pep rally and they were bright and simply wiped off. We are very pleased with this product."
"Very pigmented, fast shipping, & the best chalk markers I have ever buy before!"
"<div id=""video-block-R1CWPCYF3SGU3T"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1VQ4XV1zBS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71AWwCzE8iS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;My name is Akau Anyieth and I am a freelance artist. I can learn to artistically use any medium, however for the Chalkola chalk markers I didn't have to. The markers handle as comfortably as a pencil, anything that you can draw or write with a pencil, you can do with these. The markers dry so quickly that smudging is not an issue, they are easy to wash off too, a wet cloth will wipe them off easily. Also, the colors are very vibrant. I've uploaded a video of myself using them and I hope it is helpful to you."
"Love these! Easy to use, easy to clean off many surfaces, and look great!"
"When I first tested them, I tested them on our white board and thought they didn't look anything close to what chalk markers usually do. So I tried a different surface - our counter tops (non-porous). It looked great! And it cleaned up so easily too...all I used was a clorox wipe! But you can use any wet cloth. So glad I bought these!"
"<div id=""video-block-R3AT4TPSBT3VD2"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1-ZsSi4O-S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81k3j8%2BP9tS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I had my twin boys test it on copy/print paper, journal paper; I tested it on legos and magazine covers.  Nice colours and very vibrant but really wish there was a silver and gold in this pack."
Wonderful markers. Very bright colors!!!
"I really do like these chalk markers! The thickness of the markers were great. I think I want to try the regular colors or check out a different set of colors for my next pack. It does write very well on the board that i have. I used windex or just a wet napkin to wipe it off. It worked well. Just like a chalkboard, the markers kind of squeaked when writing. Overall, I'd buy from them again in a different color set! Can't wait to use them for my son's monthly chalkboard!"
Love the vibrant colors! Very easy to use :)
"It took a while for the paint to come out of the marker. Once we got the paint to come out, they are very nice markers."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE them! They are bright, stay in place until I want them gone, and are super fun and smooth to use. I want to order several more packages. This teacher adores them!"
"These markers work great. I have only tried them on a chalkboard, but they go on easily and come off just as well. There was not a remaining residue or imprint left on the chalkboard when I wiped it off. The colors aren't over powering and give you a lot of variety."
"I wasn't really sure what to expect with these pens, but I liked the idea of my hands not getting dirty from holding the chalk.  At first it seemed like it would take for ever for the color to start coming out, but once it did, the results were fabulous.  The pens write very nicely and will definitely be replacing my old white board pens."
Love these! Use them on chalkboard labels and they stay on clearly and wipe off easily! Very satisfied with the purchase!
"I am a concept artist I work a lot with traditional and digital means of art. I love how the markers are really vibrant as they go on the medium of your choice. I use these markers to quickly get down designs for a character, or a creature by focusing on the silhouette of the design. I specifically use the color markers to get down the shapes. Once I have a silhouette I like, I take a pen and add the details on top. Then I take the white marker that is in the set to add light information to my character. Finally I touch the character up with any marks that needs to be done. I have a digital approach to the markers."
"I absolutely love my new markers! My sister, mom, and I all do a lot of crafts, and these are perfect for writing to-do lists, organizing and labeling, fun doodles... my sister and I love leaving messages for each other on the bathroom mirror to find. :) The colors are wonderful and they erase completely. Super happy!"
I love the colors of these markers.. although I bought them for my chalkboard they stained it and I can't get the writing all the way off. I won't be using them on my chalkboard anymore. I have a whiteboard I'll be using them on instead.
"I just tested the chalk markers on my blackboard at home. We painted a section of wall in our kitchen with blackboard paint and these markers work amazingly well on the wall. Outstanding set so far. I've only used them once, but we will be using them often now and tossing our colored chalk. I don't think we'll use chalk ever again.
We erased the pen from the wall VERY easily. MUCH easier than erasing chalk. We used a damp black cloth and the pen came off extremely easy.

Highly recommend these pens! One word to describe these pens......AWESOME!"
"I just got these markers and they are lovely. They write smoothly and are bright and pretty. They are far more appealing then chalk or dry erase markers, and they wipe away easily."
"<div id=""video-block-R1LAL3L7N0EFJH"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1z5-odgu1S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71pSH0d4EAS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Great liquid markers with rich, vibrant colors. Highly recommended!!!"
"<div id=""video-block-R7Y8WKT3PFVH9"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1WX5L1HHeS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81Wd9z4H3PS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">"
Great bold colors work well on both glass and paper love these markers!!
"So I just got these markers in the mail and I've been using them all day testing them out. They seem to be high quality, the color is vibrant, which I really like. There seems to be very little ""gaps"" in the streak line and so far they are holding up to the usage. As far as I can tell these are excellent and I'll be using them constantly."
"Product was great we have 4 children ages 6 - 10 and they all loves them. their favorite thing about them is the bright colors. The markers are very fluid and a nice size. They work great on every surface we tried from glass to chalkboard, white board, stainless steel and ceramic.  Wiped off best with a clorox clean up or wet papertowel, but we also tried a regular eraser, dry cloth and an old mitten.

There were a great snow day activity - we let all of the kids use them on the windows and doors and they thought that was a really fun craft. You get 10 markers in the pack which was a great variety. The packaging was nice and they size of the marketing was good for small hands.

I would recommend them for restaurants, teachers and kids!"
"I often leave messages or draw pictures for my wife on our refrigerator.
I painted the front of the freezer section with chalk board paint, and we use it as a way to communicate with each other.

I've tried a few different types of chalk, mostly the stuff you get at a hobby store.
The normal chalk works fine for it's intended use, but there is always a mess of chalk dust on the kitchen tile after I draw something, and it's a hassle to try and get nice clean edge lines.

These markers were a really nice change. I like how clean of a line I can get, and to a degree you can even layer the colors a bit to get some more variety out of the set.
I've attached a picture of what I did with them on my first play test. The colors are nice and bright, and you can lay them down on top of each other once they've dried.
 There is a bit of a learning curve... you need to learn how much you can draw before having to get the tip wet with paint again. The final product for my first time wasn't perfect, but that's no fault of the markers, I just need to practice with them more.
Be prepared to have to prime the tips of the markers just like any other paint pen, lots of shaking and pushing the tip back and forth on a paper towel or something.

There was some minor staining on my kitchen counter top, I was using two paper towels folded over as the surface I primed the tips on, and apparently the black marker ran right through all the layers of paper towel and left some spots on the counter. None of the other colors seemed to have that much penetration power.
I tried wiping it with windex like the instructions say, and the spots were still visible.
I tried a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser and that got 99% of it. I can still see the dots if I'm looking for them, but the wife didn't notice.

On the chalkboard surface itself the markers wiped away perfectly clean with just a damp paper towel.
I didn't try it on any other surfaces.

Overall I would say that I'm happy with the product. I'm planning to use the markers from now on when drawing pictures for my wife, and think that I'll have trained myself to use them within the next few projects.

If you're buying these for kids, I'd just say to be aware of the possibility of staining. Just keep an eye on the kid and things should be fine.

If you're buying them for your own use, then I think you'll be happy with them."
"I've used other chalk markers in the past and I was really pleased with this one compared to other ones I've used! It comes in a great variety of colors that are bright and they stay really well. I've tried this on paper, blackboards, white boards, and glass and it all washes up pretty easily.
I actually need to use chalk markers on a weekly basis so I'm glad I came across these. I'm pretty sure I'll be purchasing these again and again."
HOURS of fun for the kids on windows & mirrors
"<div id=""video-block-R2VGI5FVMGSBUG"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1bvU3vKQkS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91H-y5e4EnS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;The bold colors, fluidity of chalk, and the ease of erasing make these markers a great upgrade from traditional erasable white board markers.

I created a small color wheel using all of the provided markers with this set and found all of the colors likable. Even the brown! However, the pink, orange, white, black, yellow, and green really catch the eye. All colors are opaque. They cover the ground they are placed on very well.

The markers have a medium sized tip. Chalk flows evenly from the tip, making the creation of lines effortless. They don't drip. Nor do they dry too quickly.

Once applied the colors are easily erased with water. All twelve colors are easy to manipulate after they have dried. A wet brush can be worked into them for a variety of effects.

Overall, I was impressed by the intense color, easy flow of color, and simple clean up."
"<div id=""video-block-R1YIR3X4TQBSA6"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1wEssSzN1S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81MwEkH0rxS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Hi, I am Angie. As a web and graphic designer most of my work is digital, but lately I have been turning off my laptop to dabble with charcoals, color pencils and markers. These liquid chalk markers are obviously wonderful for some creative, colorful and festive ""Daily Specials"" for restaurant chalkboard menus, but I will describe some fun and useful ideas with these versatile markers for work, home and family in my video. Let me add that you do not need to be a professional, the non toxic markers are kid-friendly (with supervision). I hope you find my review and recommendation helpful. Thanks."
"I was contacted by this company to try out the markers because of my art and it was a great day. These markers are awesome~!  I am a freelance artist and often use a whiteboard to sketch out my ideas. These markers take a little bit to pump the ink to the top (approx 1 min)- but after that it's smooth sailing. The colors are very vibrant and bright and all but one glided on the board smoothly (I may have just not pumped the orange enough). They smudge easily while wet so watch out for that but they dry nice and quick. They have an easy cleanup with a wet cloth. To top it all off I have yet to run out of ink. I really recommend these markers for anyone in a home or store setting (blackboard/whiteboard/glass). I may even upload a video for you guys to see how awesome they look!

if interested here is a link to a picture of what the colors looked like on the white board compared to the cap color- they are VERY accurate- which is always important for an artist (or picky people like me). http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2015/025/3/7/cap_vrs_actual_color_by_pocketstash-d8fdzxh.jpg"
"I got the ChalkOla markers to try them out on paper that has been coated with decoupage. I do a lot of arts and crafts. Sometimes, I do a project like an altered bottle and cover the paper with Mod Podge.  After coated with Mod Podge, the surface is no longer porous, so not all markers will work well on it. The ChalkOla markers are designed for non-porous surfaces, so I thought they might be good to use. I tested the markers on black cardstock covered with a layer of Mod Podge and untreated black cardstock. The markers work great on the Mod Podge.. even better than on untreated cardstock. I love the bright colors and how saturated the colors are. I would recommend these for any craft projects that are done on non-porous surfaces like glass or decoupage."
"Lovely set of markers! I don't often buy too many chalk markers but I particularly liked these because the colors are so vibrant which was just what I was looking for for several art projects. Nice and easy to use and the colors remain bright which was just perfect for my needs. They work well not only on just semi-porous surfaces but also papers and other surfaces for permanent use as well. Smooth to work, wonderful quality, with and I would definitely order this set again!"
"<div id=""video-block-R35M6HZPRK38KY"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ZCKRxCFgS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91rocbkAsVS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This is a review for the Chalk Ola markers. After seeing that another reviewer used brushes to blend the colors, I gave it a try on watercolor paper with fantastic results. Another reviewer mentioned difficulty achieving fine details with these markers; however, if you simply use a thin brush and wet it with ink from the marker bullet-tip, you can apply the ink in much finer lines.

This is a great versatile product and value for your money. I forsee myself using these products in the future on my commission pieces and other artworks."
"These markers are excellent craft markers.
-No smell!
-Paint comes out nice and thick, they work great on ceramics, glass and plastics.
-Paint is completely opaque and shows up great on even black surfaces.
-Colors are as bright and vibrant as the packaging.
-Completely washable - wipes right off with a damp rag.

These markers would be great for temporary window decorations or event decorating."
I was a bit hesitant with this product because I was still unsure if the old style chalk board we were going to use was porous or not. Once I received the product I tested it on a small corner of the board and it works perfectly! I love the bright colors and how well the ink flows through the markers. Once the ink drys it actually looks like you drew with a piece of chalk with a fine point. I really love this product and the innovation behind it.
"The markers come in a reclosable plastic carrier which is convenient for storage or transporting.  They say to store them flat, but they have pocket clips on them.

I like that they're child safe and non-toxic.  They even list the ingredients, which I don't think Ive seen before.  The markers contain Tio 2, titanium dioxide, to provide whiteness and opacity to the pigment.  Its widely used in sunscreen and even used in foods and toothpaste.  They also say they are low odor.  Im sensitive to chemicals and I detected no odor at all.

The instructions say to shake well.  I shook each marker 30 - 60 times.  Then you have to press the marker tip down repeatedly to quickly get the ink to flow.  Four of my markers started quickly and were so wet I needed to roll them lightly, along the edge of the envelope I was using to activate them on, in order to remove the excess paint.  Some of the others took over 60 plunges to get the ink to flow and more to get complete coverage of the tip.

My first test was to write the color names on a small white board, but I had to use a black Post-it for the white.  As youll notice in my photo the blue is a light blue.  The yellow, orange and pink are quite florescent.  The cap colors really do match the paint color.  They say to wash off with a wet cloth, but I wanted to see what a dry erase eraser would do.  Most of the colors came off well, but the blue didn't come off completely and the black hardly came off at all.  The eraser was left with heavy pigment covering it and there were many pigment flakes left behind.  A wet paper napkin was all that was needed to remove the rest of the pigment, flakes and all.  The eraser came clean when rubbed on a dry paper napkin.

I decided to paint the bottom of a heart-shaped glass bowl with them.  The pigment does indeed dry fast, almost too fast.  You can see the strokes in the finished work, especially from the inside, through the glass.  Touch ups were interesting since the pigment scratches off easily.  The pigment flowed well though so I only needed to plunge one marker a little for touch-ups.  After it had sat inverted for a while, to dry, I ran my fingers over it.  It feels like tempera paint.  The pink pigment left some pink on my fingers, but not the other colors.  Even a day later I got pink pigment on my finger when I repeated the touch test.

You could make some cute party table seating signs by painting small glasses, mugs or votive candle holders filled with nuts, candies or tumbled glass.  I wouldnt put real votives in them though since it says to avoid heat.  Those little battery operated candles would be cute though.

Painting glass or plastic sun catchers, or mobiles would be pretty.

Teachers who put up seasonal or subject specific graphics on their dry-erase or chalk boards would love these.  If you paint seasonal graphics on your windows these would work for that too.

I left the markers to sit for about 24 hours then picked them up to paint again and the tips were still charged with pigment.  My next test was to paint a rock.  I like the way they worked on the rock.  The dark gray color of the rock did manage to bring down the colors, but the paint covered well and dried fast.  There was also a smoother look to the colors with fewer stroke marks.  I found that a second coat could be applied or another color used on top, once the first coat dried.  Yet all the pigment washes off easily and completely.  Painting smooth rocks could be a fun project for kids.  They could be paper weights or party favors, etc.

When I was a kid we used tempera paints on poster boards to create science projects, etc. so, even though the surface is porous, I tried them on an index card which has a similar finish.  I chose the three colors that I hadnt used since they were primed several days earlier.  The green and brown flowed easily, but the orange was too dry.  I had to pump the tip repeatedly to get it to flow good again and had trouble going back over the spotty areas.  However the brown performed great when doing touch ups.  In general Id say kids could have fun using these to paint project displays, etc. on poster board.

Well, this should give you some practical information on the function of these pens and some ideas of what to use them for.  I would call them tempera paint pens and suggest them to arts and crafts teachers and programs.  Theyd be great for summer camp too."
"These markers are fantastic.  I used them in my black sketchbook and get crazy awesome vibrant colors!  I included some photos so I hope they show up.  These markers are paint like markers but they don't stain since they are all water based, which is great cause we all know thats no fun!  But these Chalkola markers are super vibrant and seem like they have endless amounts of paint in them.  I am a big fan and am excited to experiment more with this medium.  The design of the box and markers also are super nice and have a good weight to them so they do not feel awkward in your hands as you draw.

Huge fan! A definitely must buy!"
"<div id=""video-block-RGPZCRSDLFFF3"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1NDZaE99QS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71eUMpBzJrS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">This is a wonderful product. They functions much like paint markers. The colors are incredibly vibrant and lay over each other well. It's nice to see a product that yeilds the same results on different materials. The effects you can achieve on paper and chalkboards is gonna be the same as the ones you can get on plastic or glass. If you are looking for bright colors that won't fade into your material after drying than look  no further. Chalkola premium wet wipe markers are your answer."
"Amazing markers! I have used other chalk pens for barista boards and they were not even comparable to how great these are! These never go dry on me once I first get the ink into them. The flow is just right, which is critical!  Also the colors turn out bright! If you are even thinking about buying these,don't think twice!"
I received my order just in time for the new year. The shipment came fast and the markers work great! I've already used them on my mirror and let my little sister use it for her car windows to put her school sports designs all over them. They're bright and easy to see. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.
"Absolutely love them! The paint has a nice flow, the tips are comparable to that of any standard paint markers on the market. I have done quite a few drawings with the makers so far and still is running evenly.

Pros: Does what it sets out to do very well being a non permanent marker for glass or any other non-porous surface.
Extensively using one color to try to run it out but have not succeeded yet (around 50 doodles so far). The big one for me was the lay of the paint it feels very smooth and even. Very streak free, they are awesome!

Cons: The only one I have is the cleanup, although it does come off relatively easy it did leave behind a greasy oil on my surface (it comes off easy but not as easy as you would be accustomed to if you use dry-erase makers)."
"<div id=""video-block-RU9QEHW7A64SL"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1RbajrSwXS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1w4f67wjMS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Hi there!

This is just a short video I did for Chalkola markers, they were pretty cool to use! I really was just blown away by how vibrant they were, and how easily they washed out of clothes. I am left handed so of course I sometimes drag my hand over my art work, and it got onto my pants and shirt, but all I did was just run a little water and it came right out!

But anyways, they are truly for professional and children, anyone can have fun with these! Thanks again for checking out my review! :)"
Awesome product. very useful....
"<div id=""video-block-R3CJ630FYAIZXT"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1DEj5nctqS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81pQDjMtsxS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I was impressed with the vivacity of the colors and also the selection of color choices included. I did not try this on chalk board- which is a semi-porous surface. I believe it would be great on a white marker board and glass. I used it on paper and my fabric covered sketch book. The colors were richly saturated, and dried quickly. Like most chalk markers they do not lend to layering or color mixing. So I'd say for graphic projects, these are excellent. I also teach and I'd definitely give these to my students. they are an easy clean up- the only thing I'd tell them is to not rub the paper surface until the colors dry. Also odor-free! which is a huge plus."
Had to try out the markers as soon as they arrived. Grabbed my dry erase board and doodled on it. Waited for it to dry then tested to see if would smear. Nope. It wasn't until I went to clean off the board with a wet napkin that the ink was removed. Did everything I expected it to do. Now I want to get a few morextra to give my nieces and nephew.
"<div id=""video-block-R2XEEBRISWPRRE"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1i69Yd1HqS.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81kUB7Yfb6S.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;I was contacted to try out this product and I have no regrets of getting these markers. They have a very smooth feel when you draw with them and the ink come out thick and bright so you really see the colors. If you want to rub them off I recommend using a wet cloth or something (it'll say that on the back of the pack too) but if you want to keep the drawing you did, don't touch it or spray it with a protective gloss to keep it from begin scratched off especially if you sell and mail your art like I do."
Love these!!  So easy to use!  You just shake and press down for a few seconds to get the paint flowing and TADA!!!  Excellent quality!!  Some of the best Ive ever worked with!  Dries easily.  LOVE the colors!  Washes off with just a wet towel.  Great family owned business who really care about their customer experiences.  Will definitely be buying from them in the future!
Great set of colors and reasonable price. Works perfectly on my chalk board surface just make sure to follow instructions. May not work well on all surfaces. Windex removes markings the best.
I love the bright colors of these liquid chalk pens.
"The small pack of 6 that came with these are my favorite! I've used them on chalk labels, a glass window, and on school binders."
These stop working after a few uses.
stains chalkboard permanently.  does not erase clean.  you'll have to repaint the black chalkboard again.  probably best for glass boards.
"Once I finally got the ink to the tip of the markers, I realized that I was unable to use about half of them. I have a black chalkboard at school, and planned to write my daily agenda on it for my students. I am only able to use the neon ones and the white marker. I am really bummed about this, because I absolutely love the colors, especially the bonus metallic markers, but you can't see them on a blackboard. I think they would be better suited for a green chalk board."
Great colors! I used a glossy coat and the chalkboard stood out even more.
Cannot get it off my chalkboard.  Would like a refund.
Great chalk markers.  Tested every one of them and they all work great for my chalk board
